
Joe Rogan Podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Yeah. I I, I've watched so many people get their legs broken. Yeah. and I, I see it in like, juujitsu videos all the time where someone's like going for a heel hook, and then you hear this crack and then the guy screams in agony, and then everybody's like, Oh. Yeah. This is Horrible. Yeah. And, and the arm, there's the million arm wrestling videos. Oh, I saw a guy and a girl arm wrestling, and the guy broke the girl's arm. I'm like, what the fuck, man? Oh Fuck. I was just like, how does that, because I, I don't wanna do it ever again. Really? Arm Wrestling? No, I think it's stupid, but like, for, for me to get involved in.


But like, even when I'm just like, well, why is this happening? And, and There was two, these two competitors, like pro arm wrestlers were like, well, you never, you never want to get away from your body. So they're like, arms break once they're out here. Mm. So you always, they're like, keep, keep your, keep your arm in tight. Mm. Like, arms don't break when you're here. Right. But if once you get extension, they're like, that's when It's the dumbest, macho thing that we do. For sure. I did it With Russell, Bro. I did it with you in Louisville. Do you remember? No. It was a horrifying experience. It was, it was after a sh we did a show in Louisville at the club. I think it was tied to a old, like a U ffc.


Okay. One of those, it was back in the day. And we went to a, a bar afterwards and We were shooting pool. Somebody said, arm wrestling. I was like, and You like, you wanna do it? I was like, sure. I, dude, I couldn't believe how strong you were. I mean, I know you're strong, but I was like, you're like, go. and I was like, I am going, dude. Like, I couldn't get any fucking movement. Well, you're fucking that dude that works for you. That was the most Ridiculous. That was hilarious. That was, do You think he just does that because he just wants attention? No. I, I think, I mean, there might be A, little bit of that, but I really think there's any, he has this thing. I, it's probably just, you know, it's, it's, it's part of his wiring. It's probably gotten him somewhere in life in, in some ways where he just goes, being delusional, being delusional about I can't lose.


Like if I, if, if somebody says I can beat You, like, like, they can't beat me. And you're like, what are you talking about? And then when you were pulling up, I was like, why don't you fucking ask him? Because I already knew what was gonna happen. And then he also loves to gamble. I was like, yeah, I'll take that action. So, so yeah. That's any, and yeah, he, but he Is not even a strong guy. That's why it was so confusing. I I was looking at him, I'm like, you wanna arm wrestle? Yeah. Like, you're not even a strong guy. Like, you don't, like, there's probably a lot of things you could do better than me. But this One, this one you got, yeah. This is silly. But that, this One's silly. It is funny how our capacity for delusion is just incredible in, in life. It Can serve you well.


It can if you get lucky. Right? Yeah. I, I think the two things I, I think about one of my friends was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer, and he found out at stage four Whew, right. Like, had to go to the hospital. Like, because his wife was like, you're fucking sweating and you're You know heavy breathing. It was after one of my shows. And so they, they go and then the next day they're like, stage four lung cancer. And all the doctors were like, You know, say goodbye to your friend, you know? And his brother found a, the expert, like in this specific type of, 'cause you know, there's in oncology, like a, like really specialized types of cancer and treatment.


and I remember talking to him and he was like, You know I'm gonna beat this thing. and I was looking at him, and I was like, like, you're so stupid. you know, like, You, like, you're definitely gonna die. And, but the thing is, I saw that he Believed It. A thousand percent believed it. Yeah. And as he got better, I was like, this guy's fucking delusion is serving him in this. Like, I, I think most people, like, I remember when my uncle got a mesothelioma and he was like a, a high level urologist, the Mayo Clinic. and I remembered when I was talking to my dad about it. He was like, yeah, he's too, he's too smart to, he can read the labs.


He knows what he has. Like, he, he's too smart to, to go like, I'm gonna beat this thing You. know what I mean? Like, you're, you're just so well versed. But isn't A delusional thing, or has that guy had other success in life? Because he is just super determined. I mean, he, he's certainly a determined guy and, and successful in what he does. But what's up big head, Steve? I'm talking about you. Yo, big head, Steve. He was your big head. But I really was like, I credited this guy's like, I, it, it felt like a level of delusion to believe you were gonna survive This. Right. But if he's correct and he was correct, then it's not delusional. Correct. Correct. Yes. Right. But always It's kind Of crazy. It is kind of crazy. But The doctors were like, you're dead. And what if he just decides I'm dead and he starts freaking out?


Or maybe he goes to Oregon and gets assisted suicide. And So many people go down that path, right? Yeah. Like, but you're right. They're whacking people left and right up in Canada. Yeah. if you depressed. Yeah. Like, you're not feeling good, Come on in. Sign up. Fucking Sign up for the program. We'll get rid Of you. What else is that? That's, that's just kill you in Europe. They in in the Netherlands. Don't they do that somewhere? I don't know. I'm sure. I'm sure it's other countries, but it's recent thing in Canada where they're just whacking people. I didn't know they were doing that Degree. Yeah. See, Google it. Google it. Because this is something you'll actually find on Google. It's like, it's assisted suicide in Canada. The other delusion that I, because I I just watched the Scott Peterson.


Is that the Lacey Peterson? Yes. So is that one, is the new one where people are saying maybe he didn't kill her? No, it's, it's essentially, it's, it's fantastic. It's on Netflix. I think it's a three part docuseries. And it begins with, because You know, it's like this reminder because it was 20 years ago. Right? You You know time, just, you're like, Oh shit. What was that story? How did that one go? So that, that One Canada's controversial medically assisted death program is fastest growing in the world. Damn. Since suicide became legal in Canada, the number of deaths have grown each year. So this is August. So this is just last month. So what is it saying in terms of the numbers? They've most recent data shows 13,241 people in 2022.


22. 16,000. Wow. That's Quite a Jump. That's a jump, bro. So 2022 is 13,000. Who knows what 2023 and 2024 is. Oh man. So they're whacking people up there. That's Pretty wild. Yeah. Feeling good kid. Come On in, come In, come on. Will you get foot hurt? My leg hurts. I'm just sad. Get in here. Get in here. Fuck life. Yeah. Fuck life. That's a great Tapout fucking option. It, it's Great. I mean, what is this? Is this like, I mean, is it a kind of eugenics? Like what is it? Like what, what, what is it? I mean, you could say it's being compassionate and in some cases, like Michael Lair, You know he went to Oregon. Yes. But Michael Lair was, his body was failing so horribly he couldn't talk anymore.


That Was a LS Yes. It. Wasn't that the same thing that was ravaged that, what was the famous woman that, it was a huge international case here. Do you remember Sherry svo? Terry svo? Was it Terry Svo? I don't know if she had the same thing. And She, but she had this horrible debilitating Yeah. Disease and you're still alive. And at the end he, his, like, it kept getting worse and worse and it wasn't getting better. So he went to Oregon to do it. He actually went to Oregon once and then changed his mind and came back. And when you sign up for that in Canada, can you just go You? like, that's just what I want. Doesn't matter. I don't know. I don't know what the rules are, but I know that some people are very upset about it because you're taking people that maybe you could talk to 'em off the ledge.


Yeah. Maybe they could have got better maybe with some love and some friendship and some counseling and some therapy that They wouldn't take that option. Yeah. Maybe they'd be happy. Yeah. I've, I've met, I've known quite a few people that have taken their own life. Yeah. I know a few that have done it too. And it's always super sad. I mean, 'cause I don't know anybody that's done it with the exception of Michael. I don't know anybody that's, that's done it in, in the case of, you know, Like a medically assisted No, no. Michael's the only one that I know about that. But You know there's Brody. Yeah. Brody was a hard one. It was my friend Tony, who's a, a pool player up in San Francisco. He jumped off the bridge. Yeah. Which is crazy that there's a spot where everybody goes.


Yeah. One of my college, when I, I had jobs, I worked when I had, when I was in college, I worked the whole time. I had Jo You know part-time jobs. And one of my coworkers did. It was fucking terrible man. Huh. And like, our boss went to his apartment and found him there. It was terrible. Oh. yeah. You know for some people, they don't think it's ever gonna get better. I know. And you know, and if you don't have support around you, you don't have someone that you can, that can pick you up. And it's crazy how someone can pick you up. It's crazy how you could be just feeling like total complete shit and someone who cares about you can come over your house, take you out, have some laughs Yeah.


And you're like, I think I feel better. Yeah. Yeah. Because we feel better around people. And some people are super isolated too. That's, that's the dangerous one. and I think, one of the things I realized as I got older is you don't realize how many people are lonely in this world. Right. Like, you get older. I'm saying, 'cause you, you encounter more people and you, you talk to people who, like, you realize you have this like full life that you You know you could take for granted. Like, you have a family, you have friends, you have all these things going on, and then you, you meet people who, they don't have any of that and they're alone. And that's, There's a lot of those out There. There's a lot of people that are very lonely. Well, there's also this internet culture too, right? So there's people that don't have actual physical contact with anyone.


Yeah. So all their interaction is with people online. And so that's a dark place too. They're Streaming all day and Yeah. Chatting all day on Instagram and jerking off and it's madness. Yeah. That's not a, that's not a path to fulfillment is isolated online. No. And also you, you don't, sometimes I don't have it to that degree, but you're, you're online for a while on something and then you go into the real world and you're like, Oh. yeah. I'm like, I was just living in this make-believe place for Right. I didn't realize it's not real. Right. Right. You live in this make-believe place and you're not having any of the normal human contact that we thrive on.


Right. All your contact is like this weird, like, displaced, not connected. It's all weird. Which is like, if you go to someone's Twitter profile and you see that they're online 12 hours a day, just fucking barking at people I know. Like a dog. And it's giving them some charge. Like Yeah. It's like annoying dog next door. And they're just baiting people all day. Speaking of Batton, did you watch the debate? Yeah, Bro. I forgot. Let me tell you before I say anything, I just wanna say whoever's helping her, whoever's coaching her, whoever's the puppet master running the strings.


Yeah. Did a fucking amazing job. She did a great job. They did an amazing job. From the moment Biden drops out, forcing Biden to drop out, write whatever they're doing, whoever's writing those speeches, getting her deliver room, coaching her. Yeah. She's nailing it. She nailed that one speech. She's like, say it to my face. Oh. yeah. She's There was Cheer. Yeah. She nailed it, dude. And then last night to me when I was like, oh my God, this is Juujitsu where she was like, if you go to his rallies, his crowds are boring, they're tired, leave. They're all leaving early. They all leave. My crowds are the best crowds. Oh. yeah. I have the number one crowd. He couldn't help Himself because, and she got 'em. She baited him on that. She walked him right into it.


100%. 100%. See, the difference in that debate was not a difference in like, who's gonna have better policies? Who's gonna be better for the country? The difference in the debate, the debate in my opinion, was who was better prepared? She was way better prepared. Yeah. And even when it came to answering tough questions, instead of answering, she would just say things that she believes. Yeah, Sure. And they sounded real good. Yeah. That's, that's, and that's the soundbite That's called being a savvy politician. It's Also called being someone who's working with a team versus someone who's like, I don't need fucking, they said, Trump that deal was the best deal. They've never seen a deal like this before. They said, how did you put that deal Together? People? Clearly that was just brilliant.


Yeah, I know. He was like, that's The, he he's not working with a team that's like, I mean, I know he's doing like mock debates. I know he did one with, I think he did one with Tulsi Gabbard. But someone needs to like tell him like, you've got these tiny little windows and you should have all the words ready for those windows. He started out, but shouldn be no repeating things. Yeah. He started out strong. Yeah. 'cause I, I You know out of the gate, everybody can't help but get in their own way who they are. Right. Right. And for him, it's like, okay, don't get fucking crazy. Like, I'm sure You know, like, the thing is like, don't say wild shit. Don't say people are eating cats. They're eating Cats and dogs and you know, they're fucking coming in here eating all our pets.


And You know, you just watch it. You're like, you're watching this thing. You're like, what? And this is fucking insane. And then for her, they're just basically like, don't laugh like a stripper. Like how you, every time you come to a podium, you're like, Well that's a panic calm. It's a pa It's, it's a move that like comics will do when their material's not that good. They laugh at it. They laugh through it. Exactly. Yeah. But then you remember You know, this is somebody like, take away your, your politics or whatever you believe. This is a former prosecutor. It's a it's a trainable person. Yes. Right. If you're, if you're a prosecutor, you can, you can get the information. Yeah. And regurgitate it. She's Not dumb No. By any stretch. See, people wanna say she's dumb because she's not good off the cuff when pressure's on her.


But you don't understand what that kind of pressure's like, like the kind of pressure that that lady has been under for the last, let's just think about the pressure she's been under for the last four years is being vice president. Everybody hates her. Yeah. She a lot of gaffes, a lot of dumb things. So every time she's saying something in the back of her head, she's like, don't fuck this up. Yeah. They're gonna come for you. They're gonna use this against you. Don't, don't say, did you just fall out of a coconut tree? Yeah. Don't say that one again. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like, so there's that kind of pressure. So's it's lot of pressure. It's very hard off the cuff. But when you give her time and prepare her. Yeah. Like last night, It's a good showing for her For sure. Very, very good showing. And unfortunately for him, like the thing that he does that it's just, look, he can do it better than anybody alive.


It's just riff. He can go out there and have a crowd of people and just, and he's funny man. He does things about, like, he did an Elon impression the other day. Yeah. It was hilarious. He's, he's very funny. He's killing people. He kills like a comedian who Don't like the guy. Still will have to acknowledge that He's funny. He's funny. Yeah. He's funny like a comic. Yeah. You know. It's just like, we don't necessarily want that as the guy with his finger on the button. That's all it is. Sure. That's the thing that freaks people out. But the policies that he had when he was, the thing is everyone's saying he's gonna be a dictator. He wasn't a dictator. He was the president. Yeah. He actually was the president for four years and the economy really did well. Mm. And he really did try to cut some of the bullshit down that's going on in this country.


Yeah. And who knows what would've happened if you had four more years. Maybe we would've been economically better off. Even if you don't like that one person to be like the figurehead of the country that you identify with. 'cause you live here, you don't wanna identify with this guy that you think is blustery and You know. Well the thing is, he's gonna You know we have like 55 days or something. And the thing that's really gonna happen now is you, I think he realizes when it, when she first was announced, I'm sure most people, myself included, were like, this is, he's just gonna destroy her. Right. Like this. I I didn't think she was even gonna have a chance. But now you realize this is gonna be, I believe a, a much closer race. Guess it's Close as fuck. It's probably, she's probably ahead now after the last, like, what is the lady I saw the Fox News poll.


It's hilarious. Fox. Like 90% Trump won they cats. I saw I know. Killing I saw on Facebook Killing newborn babies. By the way, I think they are eating cats. Yeah. I think some people are eating cats. Sure. I think you get a bunch of poor people that are from an island where they occasionally eat cats. Yeah. And you throw 'em in a city where there's 50,000 people. You throw 20,000 people in there and there's ducks at the pond. I'm gonna go get a duck if I'm hungry. Sure. Right. My fucking son took one out there, so I didn't mean grabbed it by the neck. So Yeah. I would not not believe a a Yeah dude. If I was starving, if I just came from another country and there's ducks laying around, I'd grab a duck. Sure. I don't Think that's that crazy. That's not their fault. Like, how the fuck did they get here?


How'd you get 20,000 shipped to one town? Yeah. Like what, what is That? No, I, it's what's The real story behind that? The, Is That organized? The immigration issue is a legit, real issue in this country. It's in our state predominantly too. You know. It's a lot of it here. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, a Lot of it in California, a lot of it in Arizona. But it, it's a real issue. Yeah. And look, you and I are both the products of immigration. Immigration is fucking awesome. But hey, maybe when they do stuff that's bad, you should put 'em in jail. Look. Hey, maybe, hey, maybe you should use the same laws on them. Hey. Maybe. Yeah. If we should check to see if they're murderers before they come across the board. Yeah. Hey, maybe I Know it's, hey, Maybe it's, it's a, this they just turned, I mean this current administration just was like Oh.


yeah. We should just recently Do you think the But the recently, I think it's, they're also flying people in, which is crazy. But recently I think it's because they want people that are on the fence. You know the people that are on the fence. 'cause this is not, this is all That plays to Yeah. This is all that matters. But once they're in, again, if they're in again, they'll probably do the same thing. Because what you're doing is you're essentially changing states that are swing states into blue. Because if you're gonna give these people money, debit cards and food stamps and, and let them come in and even they're even talking about gender reassignment surgeries. Yeah. I heard this. Yeah. I, I don't know if that's true. I know that's true either if that's true. 'cause that, that's part of the problem with this whole, people are eating cats.


It's like you don't fucking know what's true anymore. That's amazing. They just read things on the internet or you hear things on the radio who fucking knows what's True. Which is why like, 'cause a lot of people were also You know, talking about the moderators interjecting a bunch. Right? Yes. But like, part of that, I mean, feels like you kind of need some of that interjecting because otherwise things are just said and you Right. Have zero idea. 100%. I mean, the big one to me of like you, this is why you need to have somebody interject at times is when he said to her, like, you went and negotiated with Zelensky and Putin Right. And then blah blah. And then just moves on. Well, if you're a regular person at home, You know you work and you take care of your family.


You don't know the ins and outs of, of diplomacy and what's happening internationally. You hear that. You just go, oh, I didn't know that. Right. So you kind of have to have somebody go, wait a minute, you didn't negotiate with Putin. Right. She's never met him. Right. Right. Harris told a CLU in 2019. She supports cuts of to I-C-I-C-E funding and providing gender transition surgery to detain migrants. Yeah. That that is crazy. Yeah. And also, Okay. That that is, that's just September 9th. She's, She's gonna do what politicians do, which she, she's in the midst of this right now. Yeah. Which is just going, yeah, I've changed on that. She did it like five times last night alone. Like, didn't you say this?


She's like, yeah, I changed and now I'm this like, that's What, well, that's a good thing. Yeah. You, you, if people can change this idea of flip-flopping when you learn more information, no. Stick to your guns. No. No. Stupid shit. You first, you could Evolve and say That Forever. Yeah. That's dumb. Yeah. You should definitely could evolve and you could be wrong. And that's part of being a good leader, is recognizing you're wrong and correcting your course. That's all good. What is going on with the ear earrings? The earrings? Do You know about this? The earring controversy? No. No. Okay. That's all. So there are people that believe that what she was wearing last night was the type of earring that they use for, it's like an, it's an earpiece.


Like you can talk through it. No. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Why, why would she have to? I just, and I saw so someone can talk to her. I know someone can coach her. They have better ear, ear earpieces than, well no, Jamie, they want one that looks like a fucking earring. So you could just wear it. Duh. Like, if you have one that looks like an earpiece, like Oh, like if Trump had one right through the bullet hole. This a wire. This is definitely gonna take off if they're already saying this. Yeah. Yeah. This is good. Well, It's going on Twitter. I'll, but here's the thing. It does look exactly like the ones that they use for what? What They're called Nova earphones. Okay. So there's a video. I'll, I'll send you the video, Jamie. But there's a video of this thing in action.


It's pretty fucking interesting because in the video they're just, they're showing that these little earphones, like it's a commercial and it's pretty cool. Hmm. Yeah. So is the actual ear, see if you can find, if you have the real thing. Do you wear it as an earring? Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. You wear it as an earring. God dammit. Did I save it? I might have saved it on Twitter. Not Instagram. But it's, did you find it? There's a video. I'll find the video. It's kind of cool. Look, it's cool because I like all that spy espionage type shit. It's fucking interesting. But if she really did do that, first of all, if she didn't do that, bring those earrings.


Allow them to be investigated please. Sure. Just the ones that you wore. Just, we'll trust you. Take those. Like, because you can't really get a pair made that, aren't those Right. if you have those. Like, so this is what it looks like. So there's a, there's a different commercial that I saw. It's, this is so, it's pretty cool. So like, these are earrings. No shit, but they're actually earphones. So like, you listen to music, all kinds of shit. Or you can have people give you instructions and say, Hey, make fun Of the crowds. Make fun. Now, now's the time. Right. Make fun of the smile. Smile. He's talking about eating cats. Yeah. Your hand. Don't get mad. Put your hand on your chin. Don't, don't cackle. Yeah. So these are actual earphones, which No, those are really Cool.


Is really crazy. Yeah. I didn't, I did not realize that. And so that's exactly what the ones look like that she was wearing. Well that'll be a new Yeah. Thing To run with. Yeah. Fun times. Fun times. These, these next 55 days are gonna be, Yeah, they're gonna be bonkers. Man, I forgot. I forgot how crazy it gets just the energy and chaos. Oh My God. Every time I go on Twitter, I get fucking anxiety. I just send it to you, Jamie. You can see the, the comparison side by side of the two of them. Yeah. It's gonna be, it's gonna be nutty dude. Yeah. Terrify. And then when we get into November, it's gonna terrify. Oh my fucking God. Terrifying. I'm just scared that someone's gonna do something really stupid. Yeah. Like some extremists on either side that really do believe you're gonna take away the trans kids or really do believe you're gonna destroy the country from the inside.


So that's what it looks like. Okay. Real fucking similar. Yeah. Yeah. Real fucking similar. I don't know. you know, I don't know if that's what she's wearing. She might have just been wearing earrings. But if they have the kind of technology like that for regular people and you could do that. And most people aren't aware of it. And you can get it off because the A, B, C people aren't aware of it. Sure. Sneak it in Baby. Yeah. That Yeah. That'd be rad. It's Fun. I'd respect it so much. I heavy Whatever you, wherever you stand politically left or right. You gotta respect what she did last night. She got a great showing. She did. She did. She did a great job. She did. But it just, whoever's pulling the strings, what a masterful job of propaganda they've done in taking someone that they all agreed was not a good vice president.


Yeah. Was the least popular vice president. Nobody Fucking knew anything about her. Nothing Bro. Everybody made fun of her. Even like Joe Scarborough was talking about. Oh, she's like a problem for the ticket. Sure. And now you look Yeah. And she's like neck and neck with him. Is she ahead of him today? Boy, I don't know where to look for that. The Whole, the whole thing's so nuts, man. But Taylor Swifts center, her side. So Taylor Swift Center, her side's gonna be fine. It's gonna come down in, in these key states to just county by county. It's gonna be like You know where you're gonna hour to hour you're gonna see this county turn in and it's red and it goes up. And then the blue county, it's, it's really gonna be in pa, Michigan, Wisconsin, North Carolina, Nevada, Arizona, and mail in ballots.


Oh. yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be crazy. I still think it's so crazy that, that, you know, a lot of the developed world has Saturday elections. you know, like, it's Like Yeah. but shouldn be Yeah. It's where people are. Yeah. You don't have work. Yeah. It's just fucking crazy. It's ridiculous. Most people have to work and also vote in person with a fucking id. You, we, we just got through three fucking years of you have to have a vaccine passport in order to get food. Right. And you don't have to show your Id. You have to be able to show an ID and show that you're vaccinated to get on an airplane. We just got through that. Yeah. And now all of a sudden it's racist to say that you want voter id. No, I think it's insane that There's only one reason to do it that way.


There's two things that are going on simultaneously. You're letting in literally millions of people. Millions of people. And you're giving them all these services. Yeah, for sure. Okay. Whatever. However much, there's all these talk, there's all this talk about they gave them money and There was, You know all these stories about people getting debit cards and food stamps and all this money. And then they're putting you up in hotels in New York City and they're giving 'em free food. And then there's people that are poor that live in America. They're like, Hey, why am I not getting that? Yeah. Like, what, what's going on here? Well, because they already have your vote. Yeah. They've already tricked you into voting specifically for this one party. Yeah. So now if you bring in millions and millions of people, and then the same people that wanna bring these people in or that are allowing their policies, that are allowing these people to come in are the same people that think voter idea is racist.


Like y you are racist saying voter ideas racist, by The way. I agree. Yeah. 'cause you're saying that these people are too stupid to get a fucking driver's license. Yeah. Everybody has a goddamn driver's license. That's true. Like, what Are you saying? I know. What are you saying? Like, voter ID is racist. Yeah. Our system is really fucked. Crazy. Yeah. And so is, so are like the, the, the county drawings that they do for, for districts. You know the gerrymandering. Like, they're like, oh. And you look at the graph and it's just to, to like engulf a part of a district that doesn't make sense to include it in. Right. All this is manipulation. Well, There's also how many seats is dependent upon how many people are in your county.


Like Yes. And the more people you import into your county, the more you can change, like the, the Demographics. But these county lines make no sense. Half the time when you look at them, when you study the way that they're attributed. You gotta Fucking give the Democrats credit for the manipulation. I mean, they did everything along, like every time they've had a hurdle, like they moved Bernie off the fucking primaries, they fucked him. Yeah. you know, then it comes to the whole thing with RFK. They fucked him. Fuck you. Fuck tulsi. Fuck you. Everybody's out. They, they've done, I mean, and right in front of everybody's face. And yet all these people are like, yay. Yeah. Save democracy. Yeah. Like, are you not seeing what's going on? Are you not seeing like, if the same people with the same ideas played fair?


If the same people with the same ideas play fair, we have a different thing. We have a different thing. Yeah. We have a different thing. Yeah. And then we can get back to people disagreeing about policy. Yeah. Disagreeing about plans. What You Like We're far from that though. We're so far from that. Yeah. We're so far from that that people don't even give a fuck about what the policy is. They're just committed to their side and anything their side does that's kind of fucked up or twisted or they'll gaslight you on it. Yeah. Then they'll say it's not that big of a deal and then they'll tell you it's good that that's happening. Yeah. Of course you fully justify it. Somebody had a great tweet about the eating pets thing. You know. It's one of those things where I just eating pets. I read it and I'm just, I'm so happy that we, we live in a time of the internet because the internet is so fun.


'cause there's so many regular people out there in the world that are so fun. Yeah, They are. So This dude's name is Nick Friis and Green Beret combat veteran. So, but look at his, look at this tweet that I sent you, Jamie Fucking, I can't believe this is a topic. The left. No one is eating people's pets, which means we're one week away from Why do you care that people are eating pets three weeks from why eating pets is a good thing and four weeks from refusing to eat pets is white supremacy. No, he's Got it. He he fucking nailed it. He nailed it. It's just like we live in such a mad, mad world.


Yeah. And if you, it's like this is entertaining too, to read this. But also if you lose yourself in these like back and forth online, you lose your fucking mind. Oh, you lose your fucking mind. Yeah. Yeah. And there's a lot of people losing their mind. It's just I don't engage in it. I know you don't either. It's a bad way to communicate with people. It's a bad way. Yeah. It's bad for your health. I really believe that. I think it's bad for your mental health. I a hundred percent agree. Yeah. I, I remember, I don't know if you still does this, but, and I've heard other people do this, but I remember when De Stefano told me that he was like, like a year or so ago. He's like, it's fucking with my, like happiness. Yeah. And then he gave somebody his login stuff.


He's like, I don't want it. You have it. Yeah. I'll just send you things to post. But I'm never gonna, I don't, I don't even have my own Login. Ari did that for a while too. Yeah. Right before the Kobe thing. He went, he got back online and immediately went bad. Oh My God. Yeah. But it's, it's not good for anybody. And that's why I am absolutely addicted to looking at things on my phone. I'm addicted to watching YouTube. I'm addicted to stories, just looking at stories on Google. And a lot of it is nonsense, but a lot of super interesting science stuff. There's a lot, I get a lot of super interesting science stuff all day and people send me super interesting stuff. Productive Stuff. I try to like, yeah. Not you and me. I well you and me have a bad thing going on.


We have a bad thing. You and me, our text, which is what I was gonna get to our text message chain is the fucking worst thing on the internet. It's so dark. People go, Hey. 'cause they hear about it and they go, include me and I go, we to ruin your fucking life. You want, you want your whole algorithm to be just the darkest Yeah. This is mine and Tommy's thing, but the the darkest, the darkest things we find and My algorithm is a, a confusing Oh. yeah. It's a mess. Like It's confusing. It's dark, semi erotic and, and it's just the most peculiar. Like there's also, I I just can't help with all the censorship that has become You know, it's so prevalent. Right. It's one of the big topics of the last five years.


I still don't understand why I get to watch murders all day Long. I mean, all day long. I get to see on my Instagram executions a lot of Russian car accidents and manufacturing mishaps. Like people getting electrocuted hit by trains. Yep. And then and straight up just gun to the head. Yeah. Just of like hit men. Yeah. I've seen on on closed circuit TV where you're like, this is cool, but like, I don't know, a girl's tit isn't Right. And, and somebody, somebody leaving a comment that is like a a You misgendered someone. Yeah. Like the language is that person's account gets fucking banned.


But I can see this guy get his head fucking blown off. Right. Why it, it doesn't add up at all. Well that was why the old Twitter was weird. 'cause they had hardcore porn. There was always hardcore pornography. Yeah. But if you misgendered someone, you'd be banned for life. Yeah. That's so that, that doesn't add up at all. It's always been this two, this thing in America, like one of the big European versus American differences is that, you know, we always had this, this You know holier than thou reaction to the naked body and, and to just sex in general. Right. Like a a there's a topless person or a, a lovemaking scene and people are like, you know, either this is NC 17 or You know.


Right. But we can have someone like a grenade in a guy's mouth and then fucking buy and they're like, yeah, well that's, that's on fucking TNT today. You know. Okay, Well how is, how is it getting through Instagram's Filters? I don't un because I asked you this like a couple months ago. 'cause I'm not on TikTok. I'm like, did you see that when you sent me something particularly disturbing? I was like, okay, is this on TikTok too? I've seen crazy shit there as well. I do know that the, the the go around in on Instagram seems to be just in your caption. So if you notice, if you look at the caption of A lot of time, it's like 2024 Mercedes-Benz. Yeah. That that's the, it's an amazing off-road vehicle Because they figured out that the whatever the sensors and the algorithm doesn't watch the video.


Right. It's like your ca if you, if you were to write, here is a guy getting hit by a truck and fucking head comes off right in your caption, that thing would get taken down. Right. But if you're like, check out the new fucking 2024 MDX or whatever it's called. But here's the question. Then they go, Where is the money? How are they making money off this? That's good. That's, I I don't know Because whoever's putting these videos Up, you always have follow all the money. Yeah. These are accounts from bots. Yeah. So if you look at the accounts, there's no real comments and real things that anybody's saying with that account. And then this account might have thousands of these videos. Yeah. And, and the war footage. Oh, the drone footage. Oh God. Is just like Fucking, I saw one yesterday where this drone, a kamikaze drone was coming after these guys and they were shooting at it with AKs and they couldn't take it down.


The thing was evading the bullets. And then finally it moved into the guy threw his AK at it and it blew up. It saved his life. Really? He threw his fucking rifle at the drone as it was coming to sw. 'cause they, they dive on you and blow up. I I, I think being able to see those, I will say this gives You like a very sobering perspective Yeah. On modern day war. Yeah. Because that's obviously, you know, that wasn't a thing in Vietnam or, or, or World War ii. Right. And you see, but like the fact that you see these guys out in a field, You know whatever side they're on. I mean, just talking about the, the reality of these human beings run and then this fucking drone with a camera is chasing them down.


Yeah. And they can, it can just blow. It just kind. Well, This is the first time that's ever happened anymore. Oh, it's fucking so Disturbing. The first time we've ever had drones that chase people. Yeah. I'd never, I mean, I'd seen, obviously heard of and, and, and knew about drones that are like basically satellites, you know, that like, that fly Right. You know, they're like planes and, and they lock in on a, on a location and fire a missile. Right. But these little tiny ones that just Yeah. Chase people and blow up. I mean, They're suicide bombers. Yeah. They're, yeah. It's, it's really, It's super disturbing. Guys Are going into the trenches with GoPros on, like, I watched this one where this Russian guy killed these Ukrainian guys that were in, like, they were in a trench and he's like, got a GoPro on Crazy.


And He guns these guys down when they're in the trench and one guy's like struggling for the rifle and then he, he fucking gets the barrel back and blows his head off. Off. And you're like, yo. Yeah. And it's all like five feet away, three feet away. Like, Fuck man. And you see that and then they're like, do you wanna make a prosciutto, a mozzarella sandwich next? Like, that's my feed. And you're like, yeah, I think so. Yeah. if you saw my feed, if I was like being arrested for being a serial killer. Yeah. And they had to look at his social media like Oh. yeah. Look at his algorithm. Oh. yeah. Look at his Algorithm. Oh, that, I mean, Christina just all day, she's just like, you're such a sick person. She's like, look what you want. Look what you fill your Head with. I don't Show my wife because also I also go to, well, I go to bed and I always put on biographies.


Like it's either Oh, war a Serial Killer or it's a scripted show about a murder. There's, it's the only thing that, like, I like it en engages and I find enticing and, and and exciting to watch are like either real stories about horrible things. Yeah. Or I like the suspense You know. Right. I like that genre. So I just am always watching it. Well It's always interesting just psychologically to see like, what the fuck were they You know, like, you're watching something on Richard Ramirez or something like that. Yeah. I was like, what was this guy Like Oh. yeah. I can, I just cannot watch those things at night. If I watch them in the day, I can tolerate them. Yeah. But at night before I go to bed, it just gives me too much room for crazy thoughts. Well that's A, apparently that's a healthier reaction than mine because I watch it and I'm like, night, night and I just fucking go to bed.


I don't, I I can't watch things about war at night. Yeah. War freaks me out the most because I'm always like, okay, before Pearl Harbor or before nine 11, like no one knew that was gonna happen. Like, how do we not know? How do we know that we're not in a situation right now where we're just before something really fucked up happens. Yeah. That's, and that gets me at night. Yeah. I, I understand that. I mean, and also the way that now, because I've watched docs on those very things Yeah. Recently. Like the, the la the latest one, the, the latest Nazi one. 'cause at some point I'm also like, are they ever just gonna be like, I think we've covered it with Hitler Never.


And never and never. And then I watched the latest one that There was a Netflix release and it was absolutely phenomenal. Like the best docuseries I've ever seen done on The Nazis. Yeah. It's, what's it called? It's like a six or eight part series. I don't remember what it's called. It, it came out a couple months ago. It's so fucking good. You don't realize that they could go deeper and, and really highlight things that you didn't know about. It's just so educational. But Hitler in the Nazis evil on trial, It is fucking so goddamn good. I cannot tell you how good this is. So is this colorized footage? There's Colored footage.


There's, they go between You know the like real footage, like real historical footage narration. And it's just Do They have dramatizations as Well? Yes. And it's so high level. It's so well done. Mm. It just paints a picture in a way that, that I I don't think has really been done before. It's, it's, it's just incredibly fascinating. But yeah, I mean, I get that at night too because you kind of go like, especially, you know, I mean it was highlighted I think even in the debate. And so it is a very valid point. Yeah. Which is that You know, you just don't know what's gonna happen in any war. But you know, when you have Russia involved in this war, you do have a country with thousands of nukes.


Yeah. Like, You just don't know how he is deciding to play this. You don't know. Nobody Knows. And he's a KGB guy who's a dictator. Yeah. Yeah. Like the whole thing is mad. It's Crazy. And you just can do You know. Yeah. One little thing that, that for him, that's the line. Yeah. You just don't know what that is. Yeah. You don't know what that is. And you don't know why, why it's happening. you know, you hear about NATO moving their, their arms closer to Russia and, and You know that There was a coup that was probably facilitated by the United States in 2014. And it's like, fuck man. Like all this monkey, which shit overseas scares the fuck outta me, man.


Of course, Yeah. Every day there could be some new thing popping off somewhere in the world. And you're like, That's another one that the, the Turning point doc about like the history of the Cold War. And when you, when you realize how the nuke programs evolved and what was really going and like how in the sixties when We were You know Bay of Pigs and all, and all that was happening, we thought because they postured like we can fucking take you guys down too. And they, we ended up discovering later that they had like seven bombs and we had like 10,000 at the time. Oh God. But then Seven's enough though. It's enough. But it's also like you You know you could also target these areas.


It it's a, it's a more, you can deal with it, but of course they never showed that hand. But then you see how in the, into the eighties how their program just far exceeded our, at one point they had like triple what we had in also, these are an amount of bombs that it doesn't even really matter if you have 33,000 nukes. It's like what? You know, what the fuck are you gonna do with that? The world's over. Yeah. It's over. Anyway. But how we both operated on a sense that like Oh yeah. If either one of us crosses a line, it's just over for both of us. Yeah. Always Mutually assured. Self-destruction. Yes. And then the other thing was that during the Reagan administration, they kind of like forced the Russians into trying to keep up with us militarily, which kind of bankrupt the Soviet Union.


Sure. Because if you have a communist country, it's it's way harder to get money. Yeah. Just fucking, you're not making anything. You're not selling anything. You're not ever A lot of capital being thrown and things thrown around and things got really bad there. Economically. Yeah. Like massive poverty and starvation. Yeah. Yeah. And then while you're having massive military spending, it's kind of unsustainable. But then they've since recovered. Yeah. And then them like China, like, what's interesting, what China has done is China has developed this sort of, they have capitalism and communism, which is the way to do it. Like you, you get people motivated to make a lot of money, get industries get huge, but everything is completely tied into the government. Yeah. Which is like, oh, we nailed it.


Yeah. They, yeah. This is it. It's a good program. It's a good program. Yeah. It's not good for the people. Yeah. It's not good for us. It's good for running the show. It's great for running the show. Yeah. And that's, You know, that's, this is what's scary about what's going on in this country is there's some people that have the notion that in order for us to compete with these other countries, we have to govern people in a more similar way than they do. They have to have more control over information, more control over what people say and do more control over money. You know China now has centralized digital currency in some places, which is, that's very scary. Yeah. Once, once the government has complete access to your money and be able to shut your money off. Or like, you saw what happened in Canada with the truckers.


Yeah. So these people just donated money to this trucker protest. That's all they did. Donate money and Canada shut their bank accounts down. Which is, that's scary stuff, man. It's very scary. That's Banana Republic shit. And that's, you could walk to Canada, remember? That's not that far To the You know when the, when we had the, what was it called? What's the company that they had the malfunction and then airlines just stopped for a fucking day. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And my friends was bringing up how, you know, all these car manufacturers have are starting, are pledging, you know, we'll be fully electric by 2035 or whatever. And I'm like, man, for me, I've just always been like, You know that that would suck just because I like cars.


Yeah. That are gas powered. And You know I'm, I guess I'm a dinosaur in that way. But No, they're cool. They're cool. But what my friend was like, he was like, you know, he brought up that, that that malfunction. He's like, You know. I just keep thinking about that. If We were all electric, that the government could also just go like dupe. Like Oh. yeah. Cars don't work today. Well there's cars today that have OnStar on them that the police can shut your car off. Yeah. So If you're running a high speed chase from the cops and you have some vehicle that has OnStar on it can just hit a button. Is that true? Make sure that's true. That might be theoretical. I think it's true though. I think they could just shut your, Your car off.


But that's pretty, that's pretty Scary. So like if some but they market to You. like look, if someone steals your Corvette, Tom, you can just call Up. I will. And Then we'll have that car shut off. Sure. And that person's on the highway and it just pulls over for them. Yeah. Yeah. Scary. Yeah. Yeah. Well, You know the story about Michael Hastings. Right? Michael Hastings was the reporter for Rolling Stone. This is what they list for. Okay. Stolen vehicle assistance. Can police use OnStar Disabled car if the vehicle's parked and turned off? The OnStar advisor can use remote ignition block to prevent the engine from being restarted, allowing the police to recover the vehicle. So they can only do it once it's off. That's what that says. That's on. Can they, okay. Can police use OnStar to disable a car?


Click that search for That's what this below, below that, that part. Click that. See if that gives you a different answer. The vehicle's parked and turned off. Same thing. Yeah. So can it shut off your car while you're driving? Hold on. Can you go back? There you go. This is exactly what you're asking. Disable engine and end high speed chases so it can, satellite technology that could disable an engine with a simple push of a button helped end the high speed chase of a stolen sports utility vehicle. Yeah. In LA Port resulting in the arrest of Mishawaka. Man. And look at, it says there Yeah, it was reaching 80 miles an hour before the OnStar technology slowed it to 20. So it just basically shut It down.


So OnStar controlled this guy's car and they're looking at it like it's a good thing because it is a good thing. 'cause this guy's a crazy person, reckless driving other counts, resisting law enforcement running from the cops. But it's kind of crazy that they, they could just press a button. So maybe it's something that you didn't really do. Maybe you're a whistleblower for some chemical company that's done something that's illegal and then people don't want you to, you're gonna crash the stock market and You know you're on the run. Yeah. And they know he is. He's got the papers on him. Find that fuck and they just, Yeah. Slow your Cadillac Down. Yep. Spooky. It's kind of spooky, man. It's spooky because we know that people abuse power.


It's not spooky. Look, if, if we had the, our elected officials were all super enlightened beings that we're different than human beings. And that only did things a according to ethics and rules and morals and, and knew what was right and what was wrong. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Maybe then you can make a justification. Yeah. But That's not our case. That's Not humans. Yep. That's not humans. That all that stuff's crazy. It's just you're giving too much power to people and then you could figure out a way to justify and say Yeah. What about those people that are running from the cops? You're right, you're right. You're right. But what about someone who's corrupt, who's got a hold of that technology and they're tracking their ex-wife because she's gonna testify against them and they have her whacked.


Yeah. That shit happens too. For sure. It does. For fucking sure. Yeah. And then if there's no record of it, if you just got some sort of computer and you could just fucking slow down someone's car and then the hitman catches up to him, guns are down or whatever. Yeah, it could, it's a, it's a, I mean, it all technology can be abused. So A hundred percent. Yeah. Well we're seeing that with our, with with Google searches. Nobody ever thought that you could just manipulate Google searches. Yeah. But you 100% can. I had Robert Epstein on the other day and he was explaining how it's done and what they do and they're capturing all these ephemeral, so like every time like Google shows you stories or every time you Google something, they record what Google shows. Yeah.


And every time you Google something about Trump, it's gonna show you all the negative you Google about Kamala Harris can show you all the positive. And just by doing that for the casual voter, they can change the vote. Yeah. By a significant percentage. It's really, it's insane. And also the the listening thing, You know. No. It's like when I ran into a, a meta engineer when I was on the road at a hotel, he was like, oh, I'm a fan. And we just started talking and I was like, Hey man, because we had just talked with, with the, I was with my tour crew about, ah, this is so fucking You know. Yeah. Just the thing you keep going. This is so weird that We were having this conversation and Yeah, it's right here. Like it's, it's a, it's in my algorithm now.


And then also I'm getting emails about this Very Strange. So Strange. And then we, we did like in our an experiment, I was like, all right, let's just keep talking about Lamborghinis. Like I, like, let's just keep talking about them. And we just kept talking about them in this conversation with our phones out. And then, I don't know, two hours later, We, were all sharing. Like, look at my thing. It's just like my algorithm now has at Lamborghinis and I got an email about a Lamborghini, like a, it's so, and he goes, he goes, well, you know, we listen. Right? and I go Well. Yeah. I mean, I, I figure like, I know that we've all kind of talk about it, but like, it's weird to have you confirm it. you Know?


Did he say they listen when the app is open? He didn't, we didn't, it didn't go that far. He was just like, well, You know we listened to You. like, Have you ever done an experiment where all your, all your apps are closed and you just start talking about something and see if Google picks that up? Uhuh. Because that would be interesting. We should do that right now. Okay. Okay. What should we talk about? What would be a good thing? Let's See. Let me make sure that everything, all my shit is closed. I'm close. Everything Close. What would be a good thing to talk about that would find out? Let's go Something that we don't ever look up. Yeah. Something that would, that's not on Our Radar. High school baseball. High school baseball is definitely not something I'm interested in.


Right. And yeah. So you don't talk about high school baseball? I never talk about high school Baseball. High school baseball is so important because Yeah. High school baseball teaches you teamwork. It does. And it teaches you how to perform together with friends. You develop comradery. You learn how to compete. And high school baseball really is, that is the minor leagues of the minor leagues. 'cause if you thrive in high school baseball and you're legit a good high school baseball player. Yeah. Then you, Then you go to college, you Go to college or you, then you can go into the minors and you could even, Next thing You know, you're in the fucking Dodgers. It's pretty crazy major. You're balling and you're driving to Lamborghini and You're driving a lamb, a yellow Lamborghini. Okay. Now let's see. Yeah. How much time do you think it takes before high? I Think it takes a little More high school baseball.


I think. I think you should, I just wanna bring up high school, high, high, high school baseball, High school baseball, High school baseball. I think high school baseball results. Who, And also it's like when you think about high school baseball, you realize that You know pitching at that level, you're not, you're a real outlier if you get above 90 miles an hour. 'cause there's some high school kids that can pitch like 80, 85. When you start getting high school kids pitching above 90, you're talking about an elite level. A kid with a lot of attention. Big old, old fella. Long ass arms. He's got that. He's torque. He the technique down. Yeah. That whip. Yeah. Those dudes can whip that ball. They sure can. So like, what is the fastest anyone's ever thrown a fast ball? That's a great question. I mean, it's, let's guess. It's definitely okay.


That's a good guess. and I definitely don't know. I know the real baseball fans are gonna be like, fucking idiot. But I'm gonna guess one 12. Is that crazy? I was gonna say one 18. Okay. That's just a wild guess though. Is this Gonna be the, what Do you think it is, Jamie? Do You know what it is? Yeah. Sort of. Is this gonna be the highest in a game or just the highest? Highest Ever? Ever? Like highest the ever fastest ever. There must be like, who's the fastest? Because I bet The guy who's the best ever or fastest ever isn't the best. Yeah. Best right. You know what mean because he's probably not the most accurate. It's Just like in tennis. Yeah. The craziest speed ever on a serve is not from Right. Federer You know. Right, right, right, right, right.


Like a guy with the hardest punch is not necessarily the best fighter. Exactly. So what is, let's take a guess. That's a Better, I mean, you got, you brought up a good point. So I was trying to erase like in major league baseball from the search if I could, What's the fastest pitch ever thrown Fastest in ma? Major league baseball? It's 1 0 5 0.8. What about in like the world record for the fastest ball ever thrown? I figure out how To find that Because this one's, there's gotta be competitions, right? Like they have those golf competitions where dudes just drive the ball A thousand percent. Yeah. But if you could throw a fast ball, you would just be in the major leagues. That's true. That's they would pay you, they would figure out a way to get you over the plate. Yeah. You only have to do it like 10 times and you can make a lot of money. Wow.


So 1 0 5, is that what it 1 0 5 0.8? Yeah. There's a bunch of, one guy has done it a bunch of times at 1 0 5, and a few people have joined him in the 1 0 5, but no one's cracked. 1 0 6. That must be so fast coming at you. That's terrifying. You ever look at the like a a From a umpire's perspective? No, but I'm saying again, that's, it's, but if you look at tennis, the high level surf speeds, they, What are their speeds? We're talking like into the one thirties. Really? Yeah. Like there's probably a guy who's probably done one 40. All right, I'm Open it up Google to see if we get any high school baseball. Come on, Google. Don't you disappoint me. 1 63 for fastest. What? Jesus, what Christ? Fastest serve 1 63. Fuck yeah.


And John Eisner. Yeah. Eisner's 6 1 57, Bro. That's bananas. He's six 10 So far. It's just wolves and MMA. Lemme see. I think you gotta give that about 30, 30 minutes to an hour and then check Again. Okay. What do I have? I got chiropractors, Italian women's feet People. I got the debate. I got upcoming fights. I got Some Canelo Alvarez. Connor got sugar. Sean O'Malley and Moab ish Willie Watches, Watches cyber truck baseball. But You know. What'd be interesting though, is you check back in an hour, Right?


Yeah. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna keep checking back for high school baseball and if if high school baseball. Well now it's, I'm cheating because I got Google open. I'm gonna shut it now. We'll see. We'll see if they get me. Okay. you shouldn have be you shouldn have come up with a product instead of high school baseball Product's. A good idea. Like Lamborghini's a product, they're gonna try to sell you the product. Yeah. That would be a better move. There you go. you shouldn have had a product. What would be the product? But it has to be, I want it to be a product that I wouldn't ordinarily search. That's why I said high school baseball. Right? Like, what's a product that I wouldn't search? Mm. Have you searched Humidors? No.


Humidors. That's a good one. Cigar humidor. Cigar Humidor. Yeah. Cigar Humidors. What are the best ones? Yeah. Cigar. Humidors. What's What? The difference. There's so many. There's so many sizes. And Are there's some that are too crazy and it's overkill and there's some, yeah. What's the best wood for a cigar? Cigar. Humidor. Humidor did my, one of my neighbors built a room Humid. Oh, it's not trying to get away from his wife. He built like a store in his, His, he's trying to hide. He's trying to hide wife crazy. It's awesome. It's awesome. He's hiding. I love It. It's fucking Awesome. I don't want do this anymore. How mean? I just, it's women repellent. Yeah. It kind, it's You know. So funny. Yeah. No woman's ever like, Hmm. Oh.


Yeah. They hate it. They think it Stinks. It's so funny. They hate It when it's outside. Like, oh, that guy across the street's got his a car. So, Nice. Nice. you know what I did yesterday? What one I Oh. yeah. I I had a gummy, a mushroom gummy. Ooh, it was so good. Just a light One. Yeah. Yeah. Just something Like, it was nice. Shouldn't that be legal Tommy buns? Is it Not? I kind, I mean, it kind of is. Depends on the mushroom. I take a lot of functional mushrooms. Yeah. Like over the last six months or so. So I've been taking reiki and cords and I. Gotta get you one of these though, that I, that they're really good. Smooth. Very nice. I, I'm also like a bit naive as I haven't part taken that much.


Yeah. Before. So I did mine like before bed. Oh no. And then I put like an eye mask on and I was like, ha, just looking. You saw some things Oh. yeah. I've seen all kinds of shit. And then it's two 30 in the morning and I'm like, I, I gotta take something else so I can go to bed. Well, when I get riled up late at night, I always feel like an idiot because I was, I was like, I've just ruined my sleep. Yeah. That's what I Didn't like. If I'm late at night and I've got too many crazy ideas and starts freaking me out, it just ruins your sleep. Then next thing You know, it's four o'clock in the morning, you are own Bed. It's fucked. It fucked me up and know it was just my own ignorance. And then if you have a podcast the next day you got baggy eyes, you look like shit. And your brain's not working so great.


Oh, by the way, one, one of the best supplements for performance, mental performance when you are missing sleep is creatine. Really? Yeah. Like creatine. Like the workout supplement. Yeah. Creatine. The workout supplement. It's really good for workouts, but it's also really good for cognitive function. Didn't know that. Yeah. Never Heard that. Well, if you think about it, what creatine does, like Google what exactly what creatine does. So I don't fuck this up, but what I think it does essentially is it allows your body to hold onto more water. Yeah. There's more water in the muscles. So it increases muscle volume and it helps. Okay. Here, what does it say? CREs compound What body naturally makes.


Get it from protein-rich foods. It supplies energy to your muscles. It may also promote brain health. Many people take creatine supplements to increase strength, improve performance, and help. What happened? I we just do. Yeah, you changed it. I was reading it right here. Okay. Increased strength, improve performance and help keep their minds sharp. I've never heard this, But the study, the recent study was the positive effects of creatine on people that are sleep deprived. Interesting. It says an increased energy supply to neurons in the brain, which may help with mood and thinking. So it does something with water. That is Because it makes you, you gain a little weight from it that I think you're, you're storing more water.


So you have a bad night of sleep. A, a scoop The next day. Yeah. But I take it every day anyway. I've been taking it every day anyway for like the past six months. Really? Yeah. It makes a difference. It really does. Interesting. It makes a difference in your workouts. But what I think, I try to take as many things as possible that are good for cognitive performance. You know, obviously like doing a podcast, you need that increased water. Here it is. Creatine is an osmotically active substance. Thus any increase in the body's cr content, creatine content should result in increased water retention and consequent gains in body mass. Well, I knew about the water retention and that it was a verify to have like, it's one of the supplements that you can count on for gains.


Yes. Like it's, it's, yeah, it works. Works. But I, I'd never heard about the brain aspect of it. Ever. Yeah. That's more recent. They've been talking about that You know it's been used as a muscle supplement since like the nineties or, or been popular since the nineties. Jamie, what does it say about, 'cause There was some sort of a study about creatine supplementation to enhance performance with sleep deprivation. 'cause There was this study that was showing that You know your cognitive performance when you just have like four or five hours sleep drops off a cliff. You know. I notice it in a big thousand percent big way. I'm just like, it's 70% of like my normal single high dose of creatine temporarily improve cognitive performance during sleep deprivation.


This is due to Creatine's ability to prevent a drop in pH level, improve processing speed, increase intercellular energy consumption, and increase high extracellular creatine availability. Isn't that awesome? That Is so fucking cool. Yeah. I really had no clue about this. Yeah. I had a, I take it every day. I had a really poor night's sleep like a month or so ago, and I was going into my writer's room on my show. And that's the, like, to me, like when you go, what's the worst things about it? When you have no, when you have bad sleep or a physically, like your workouts suck. Like it's, it's really rough. Yeah. When you have poor sleep. But mentally to You know, I I hate doing a show Oh.


yeah. Before asleep. And to go into a writer's room where you're supposed to be You know fast, creative and Yeah, we We, were talking about all the stories and, and I took a stimulant. Dun Dun. Holy, holy Shit. It was like, I slept fucking 12 hours. I couldn't believe it. Which one did you take? Vyvanse? Yeah. Holy, nice. You like it. Oh my God. I was like, can I get some more? And the person was like, I'm not supposed to give you this. This is, I was like, It was amazing. I think you have a DD Yeah. Or a DH, adhd, whatever the fuck it is. Yeah. Confirmed. I think so. But I couldn't, I couldn't. I think We both have, we both need Vyvanse. Whatever it is, It's fucking Awesome.


Isn't that the guy who's the vice president under Trump? No. JD Vance. Yeah. Yeah. JD Vance, the creator of Vyvanse. I couldn't believe though, how the, I mean, I was really dragging. I was like on one of those, like, I slept three and a half, Four hours, hours and all of a sudden, bam. I mean, firing on all cylinders. Like really? It was like I had a great night's sleep. Really? I could not believe. What's the come down? Like, Not that bad. Really. No, it wa apparently that's one of the Don't tell Me on this. Don't do it. The big differences between I is that the crash from adder. I never did Adderall. I'd never had it. Mm. But like, people talk about the post Adderall crash, but the Vyvanse, I was like, yeah, I feel they got it Nailed.


Yeah. These motherfuckers, they fucking nailed it, Dude. These motherfuckers And Yeah. I'm, I'm, yo there's a lot of people out there just churn and grinding all day on amphetamines. That's where it is. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty incredible. I can't believe I'm bringing it up again. But that book over there, blitzed is a Norman Oler book about the Nazis during the Blitz Green campaign. They were all on meth. All Of them. Yeah. And then You know a lot of people don't, I talk about it on stage, but the people don't know that Hitler was on a lot of cocaine too. Oh, Hitler was on a lot of oxycodone too. Yeah. But the Coke part was always like, to me, the, the thing that I was like, wait, what?


And it was his doctor that was giving it to him. That's What that book's all about. It's really fascinating. Yeah. How that whole, the whole army was all methed out Oh. yeah. And they would give more meth to the people that were on the front lines. Like the tank guys. They got the most meth. Yeah. Fucking meth them up. Well, there's, that makes sense. People on meth, what is it? People on, people on meth love confrontation. You know. Like they, they are Aggressive. Yeah. They, they seek out confrontation. Mm. So I remember I talked to Dr. Drew one time. He goes, people on cocaine run from the cops and people on meth run towards the cops.


Really? Yeah. So he is like, you get people like, like a really like serious Coke problem. They see a uniform and they bolt. Whoa. And then people on meth, like when they, he was like, when dealing with like, real meth people, they see cops and they're like, what's up bitch? And they're like, they want confrontation with uniforms. Like, they just seek it out. That's fucking what they do. You see that Football player get pulled over. Yeah. Man, that was fucking wild. Yeah. Tyreek Hill. Yeah. Yeah. On the way to the Dolphins game. It is interesting. He just didn't wanna roll his window down. I know. I, and I, I understand like, there's like a, a lot of people weighing in on You know the, the nuances Yeah. Of this whole thing. 'cause Right. It's layered.


It's not, but it's like, I, I mean look, I I, I'm, I'll never have Tyreek Hill's experience, you know, like as being a black guy in America and, and in a McLaren in a McLaren and, and I and I don't know what it's like to get pulled over by cops. My whole thing with cops, if I get pulled over, I always try to be like, Yes, Sir, 10 and two. Yes sir. Like, yes sir. Now he like, it's, people are right. It's not against the law to be to not be like that. Right. You're allowed to fucking to be like, whatever, hurry up and fucking figure this out. Right. You can do that. But I just feel like it's, it's not deescalating things. Right. But then those cops were fucking hot with.


Like, you could tell the one in particular felt like to me watching it, that he was, he had felt maybe he humiliated by also either somebody he recognized or just somebody with wealth who is feeling entitled that he wanted to show the other cops. Yeah. That like, I don't take any shit. Which I feel like it's, it's a human emotion, but then Right. But you can't have that human emotion as a cop. You can't, you can't act on it for sure. You Can't just fucking throw somebody Yeah. To the ground and cuff 'em as if they're a dangerous criminal. Like, like he's like, he was a violent offender. Right. Like, it was really fucking nuts. It is nuts. The whole thing's nuts.


It's not, it's nuts, but it's also, it's like, it's nuts both ways. Right? It's like, roll the window down, just Roll the window down is I say, yes sir. I don't know what the Give your driver's license. You're speeding. You're going 103 miles an hour. What are they alleging? I I don't know what, what his issue was. He just didn't feel like it. He's had A fun car. That's a fucking fun Car. That's a fun car, bro. Is that a 7, 6 5? I don't know what it is. It's, I don't know anything about McLaren, but it's fucking dope. They're so bad. I know. I remember when you were reviewing one when you had that car thing you were doing for a While. Yeah, dude. They were giving me, I've driven a lot of the lineup. I've driven the 600 lts. How come you never got one? I don't know. you shouldn get one. I just drove the new seven 50 s. Yeah. On it's fucking phenomenal.


It's They, but they're making cars that are just a rich knucklehead can buy that has the most insane speed and power. I remember when they sent, I specifically, I've, I've driven, like I said a lot of the lineup when I drove the 7, 6 5 lt I remember talking to, at the time, he was with McLaren and F1, Daniel, Ricardo and I was like, dude, I just drove this fucking thing. And I've never, I've ne I've been driven a lot of cars. I've never been more scared of what could happen in a car. You know. I was just, I, I was driving down the one 10 and We were doing like 70 and it was just open road.


and I had somebody in the passenger seat and he was like, punch it. and I mean in the blink of an eye. We're just, we're going 130. And, and it's just like, it's so fast and so responsive. You know the, the slightest input and I was like, this is, this is a, it was a, it was a scary feeling where I go, I wanna hand this in. Like, I wanna turn this in right now. and I also wanna order one You know, like the both things You. like, I know this is bad for me. Yeah. But can I get some more Vyvanse? Because this is fucking pretty cool. Like, that's what it felt like. It was, it was terrifying and seductive. But the conversation that I, I had with him, I was like, it's crazy that you can just buy this. Yeah. And have that there's no skill requirement associated.


And he and other automotive journalists were like, Oh. yeah. You should definitely have to prove something. Yeah. To drive something like this. Look at that thing. Yeah. It's, it's, or like, think about the Corvette ZR one. So that has an even lower bar to entry, right? That's like 200 grand. Right? What's a ZR one? The new one? I don't know. I don't know the price on that, But that thing's insanity. Insane. That's like 1100 horsepower. Right? A really crazy Yeah. Insane rear wheel drive car. And, and, and all the manufacturers keep getting crazier, crazier, Crazier and crazier and crazier. And then you get to the electric stuff. Yeah. And it's also like, it's a missile You Know 1064. Fuck. So it's almost 1100 horsepower fucking bananas.


That's so much power for a car. He used to be, if a car had 400 horsepower. Yeah. Like I remember I got a Porsche turbo in like 2003 and it was 420 horsepower's. The like This is crazy. Yeah. That's a bonkers number. It was It was crazy back then. Yeah. What does this go for? Here? Here? Yeah. Just Google. MSRP For ZR one. I, you really can't get one. You have to have a allocation. Right. There's probably I mean here go Is that one one for sale? That's the 3 0 1 29. That's an oh six. Oh it's an oh six. Yeah. Oh, that's a Z oh six. Yeah. Yeah. Zero six is pretty fucking incredible too.


So that's 1 29. So, oh, there you go. The ZR one's, right? Yeah. 200 grand, $200,000 Corvette. While others believe that it will start from much less than that. Oh. So they haven't really got the price out there yet. Mm. Wow. Yeah. That 7, 6 5 is like 400. It's expect to start 400 grand's. So crazy. Yeah. Well then you got that Hennessy, that venom thing. That's 3 million bucks. Yeah. It's like you get like, like cones, eggs, pei's. Yeah. Have you seen that Bugatti that has all of its instrumentation is all mechanical. Like a beautiful watch. And the steering wheel turns around the gauge cluster. So the gauge cluster maintains in the center of the wheel and your steering wheel turns around it and it never moves.


No. It's fucking magnificent. And what is this? In a Bugatti. Oh wow. I'm not even a Bugatti guy. Yeah. 'cause Bugatti to me is like, look at my dick. Yeah. Yeah. That's Bugatti You know. But look at that fucking thing. Yeah. No, they're sexy. See if you can find the, the gauge cluster because the, the gauge cluster is just complete insanity. Scroll up towards So they get to the interior. I know they have to show. There it is. They're gonna show it. So that's the gauge cluster. Oh. So the steering wheel spins around that stuff. Wow. So the, all that stuff sits behind the wheel and it's all mechanical clocks. Like look at it. Yeah. It's, it's digital and mechanical at the same time. Oh, it's Going over it here? Yeah. I mean it is just a piece of art.


And this is definitely like three and a half million Dollars. Oh, crazy money. Yeah. if you could get one. Right. Right. It's probably 5 million. But you probably can't even get 3.8 million pounds. Or is that, is that pounds or euros? What is that little thing? Squiggly thing? That's Pounds. Pounds. So what is three, 3.8 million pounds. and I Mean it's over $4 million. It's an incredible car. But I mean you're, you basically have a house. You're driving around a fucking house That's too crazy. And look at that little touch screen pops up. Look at that screen. We look at it Spins around, says Bugatti. Yeah. Ooh baby. Why are you laughing? It's like, why does it have to spin around? Why didn't it just come out The way? 'cause it's like, look at My dick.


It's a total look at My dick. It's a big old Italian dick. Hey Joey, look at my dick. It's incredible. That's incredible. Yeah. Yeah. The technology's just, I mean it always, it's like what's gonna, what will be around in 20 years? 'cause I gotta say when Bugatti Paani and, and conus when they do these things, I You know. I always say think like this is outrageous. Yeah. But I'm also like, it's so cool that you have a spaceship like you that's basically Yeah. Getting into The ground ship. Yeah. Do You know Sam Altman? He's always the head of open ai. Yeah. He, he's always kind of said, I'm not doing this for money. I don't make any money. And they just busted him in a $4 million Kona egg. They did? Yes. Oh, That's awesome.


See if you can find that car. The video of him in that car. Oh, I don't need money but me money. I'm not even interested in money. He's driving around at 4 million. Knock on egg. Look at it. Oh my God. See, go back to the beginning so you can see him get in it. No. Does it show him get in it? Not that video. No. That's him and his fucking Yeah. Elon was mocking him. Look at that. Got a 4 million car four. There he is. Hi. Busted. Hey bro. Hey bro. I think You like money. Look, you don't buy one of those unless you really want to get rich. Yeah. And you also want everyone to know how fucking rich You're, you want everyone to know how rich and you, you are rich right now. Enough. I don't have a $4 million car.


I wouldn't drive with that. I'd be freaked out. I can't drive a HI can't park it anywhere. What am I gonna do? It's insane. That's crazy. Insane. It's insane. So that means he's got way more money than me. Fuck. It's like how much money you get. How much money you making? What are you doing? What are you doing that you driving a $4 million Car. Car. That's Socra car. And you're telling everybody you're not trying to make money. I don't. Not in money. If you're not interested in money, you get a Mercedes, you get a nice S class. Sure. And people get mad at you. You really want people to not get mad at you. Get a Lexus, get an LS 500 cruiser around in style. Yeah. No one's gonna get mad at you. People don't. Yeah. They're fine with That. You have a $4 million car hyper car. Yeah. And you, you're involved in artificial intelligence and it's supposed to be open ai and then all of a sudden it became private company.


There's like a lot of weirdness with like, like what happened with the money. Do You know? Yeah. The amount. Oh, got Sam Altman car. He's got a McLaren F1 McLaren to McLaren's. He's got The F1. He's got some shut out. Well he probably already had a bunch of money already. Right, right. Like so how did he come in to open ai? Yeah. He says he this says he's worth over $2 billion. Well there you go. So he is got a $4 million car. He's Got, that's why he's got $2 billion. Him and his husband. Yeah. His partner. Za. Yeah. That, that checks out. Check out. And also disposable income. Kids ain't making no kids. Yeah. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Dude. $4 million car that I Don't Want. Not shit money. This money's not important to me. Yeah. I don't like it.


Well what did Elon say about it? 'cause it was something about Elon mocking him. It's like, 'cause you know Elon was a part of open AI in the beginning, but then he was like, Hey, this isn't so open. Right. What's going on here? And he, he brought up the threat that this is Yeah. Elon mocks open. What is he saying? How's he mocking him? Oh, what does it say? OpenAI Drive one of those expensive cars. How did OpenAI become a for-profit business when it was a non-profit? Great question. Elon says, great question, but also if this guy was already a billionaire. So was he a billionaire before OpenAI? I Think this was probably separate from, I remember when that happened on Twitter.


I don't, I just think someone's adding that in with this video of him in the Car. Oh, are they? Yeah. Oh, those dirty bitches. It was from the same time. What's the, Just making a point though. You sure that wasn't quoting the actual video? It Could have been, but I don't think it might be. So it might, it might be. What's The, what's the origin of his money? That's a good question. What's the origin of Sam Altman's wealth? What'd he make all the cheddar where he is? Got a $4 million car. Billions. A $4 million car is also like, look at my dad. Yeah. Big time. It's just like the Bugatti. It's a huge flex at my Dick Recording. Just a quick search says various investments through his venture capital firm. Yeah. Including, So he's balling Airbnb, Stripe. Oh, Airbnb was a big one For him.


So he's balling. Yeah. He was already bawling. So don't be hating kids. That's fine. The guy's making it. It's out there rocking in the free world. Fucking rad. Yeah. The thing about those cars, those cars are really fun. But You know what my most fun car to, to drive is actually the most engaging car is my little air cooled 9 6 4. That Porsche Rx. America. Rx America one. It's not the fastest red one. Yep. Not the fastest, but any stretch of the imagination. It's slow. Compared to, My favorite is my slowest two. Which one? My GT four. Yeah. It has that demon upgrade. Yeah. But that car's way faster than my car. But it's, that car's pretty fucking fast. It's pretty fast. But it's not like, I think everything else I have is almost faster than it.


So it's just engaging. Yes. Yeah. And it's a, and it puts the biggest smile on my face. Right. It's very Fun. Yeah. That's like my, my white car. The GG three RS, the Shark Works car. Same kind of thing. It's just real raw. But they're not as raw as that little red car. That little red car is like, you're on an awesome ride at Disneyland. Yeah. Where you're in control of this. You feel everything. Yeah. No power steering. The You know, there's like power assisted brakes. There's no air conditioning, no heat, no nothing. Light as fuck. 300 horsepower. And it's just a thrill and it's Just, And you just, it just makes your whole body tingle. Yeah. It's like exciting. That is the, to me, the most fun thing to do.


It doesn't Even, you don't have to be going fast. No. That's what's crazy. Merging on the highway. Getting to 65 miles an hour is a fucking thrill. Yeah. That's the best. Whereas like in the Tesla, it's like, Yeah. It's just no sound. All of a sudden you're going 70, you don't even notice it. That car is like Problem with some of these like faster cars that I have and and that exist is that a lot of times when you take 'em out, you're like, yeah, I'm not really getting to drive this thing. Right. You know. 'cause you're, if you're going 75 Right. And you're like, you have to go to a track. You have to. Yeah. You have to. You have to enjoy it. Yeah. Yeah. And how often you do that? That's the fucking thing is that like you tell yourself that you'll You know we been together.


Yeah. And you're like, I wanna do this all the time. because you Just, well, let's do it next month. It's hard to do man. Let's definitely do Well next month we probably can't because next month is F1. But after F one's F after F1. Yeah. After F one's. We'll, we'll do another day. The ultimate baller move. The ultimate. Like all these guys, they wanna get fucking Chateau in France and Poho. This is the ultimate baller move. You get a giant piece of land that's flat. Yeah. And you put yourself a fucking racetrack on it and let Go. Somebody did this in Austin, lets go. It's for sale. I think. What? Yeah. Somebody don't, in the greater Austin area. Don't tell me. I swear to God, don't tell me this. Don't do this. And then a guy, a billionaire in Japan just built one that that dog. Yeah, that's what I want. He built a track that you can, you can get a membership at.


Ooh. In his, at his track private. Oh, that's pretty dope. That's pretty fucking Cool. That's a good move. So if You know some cool car people, you can h hang out together. Yeah. They have. You wanna be alone on your track going, eh, nobody stole my laptop. Cali has that out in like Indigo Oh. yeah. In that area. It's a private, like a really nice track that has, it has like a country club. It has a restaurant and you can house your cars there. That'd Be so addictive. I know. So addictive. I know. Even just in a mi Miata, just going around in something fun. Small Miatas are amazing for the track. Yeah. Yeah. Right. It's like, that's what I'm saying. It's like, it's not about how fast you go, it's about how much fun it is to go fast. Like You. like there's cars that go way, like my Tesla.


It's the best example. It goes way faster than anything else I own. But it's not as fun. No. There's a diff there's a fun factor to the roar. The engine. Definitely the feeling of the tires, the shifting the gears yourself. All of it. The fun part. The fun is just, it's, I mean that's the joy of it. That's why you keep getting 'em. And everybody today is chasing numbers. They're all chasing berg ring times and zero to sixties and quarter miles. Yeah. And it makes you lose sight of like the real thrill of driving. It's Also dangerous for everybody on the street. You got these vyvyan up kids. Yeah. Out there with a fucking ZR one. Yeah. There's a replica of the Inand Bull F1 track in Texas and it's for sale.


Holy shit. Isn't that crazy? Guy's got an F1 track in his fucking yard. Isn't That nuts, Man? That's nuts. And I feel like it's very Texas. Where is that? Like, this is like the state where you Can do it. That looks like it's down by the o the ocean. It's an Amarillo scroll. Scroll up a little so I can see that image better. Yeah. Is that the ocean in the back? No. What's that blue shit? No, I think that's just Oklahoma Field. Oklahoma. If it says it's San Amarillo, it's all the way up near Oklahoma. Oh, is that where Amarillo is? Yeah. Oh, I don't know where Amarillo is. Just in that Like the top tip, top 50 acre complex for sale. Click on it. How much for a reasonable price? Says let's go Joe, let's go in the Panhandle. 2 million bucks. Hang on for real. Hang on, hang on.


This thing just got juicy. How far is that drive? Find out how far that drive is. Five hours. Hmm. How far is that flight? 20 minutes. There you go. Pretty quick. Let's go Ship cars there once and just House 'em. Oh, don't make me do this. Come on dude. Mm. Come on. Well, I want to get a ranch. I've been talking about getting a ranch for, for a while. There's one For Sale right there. But I want a different kind of ranch. No, you don't. You want that one? I want a Survival Ranch. Hey, it's right there. No, no, No. Survival. Right on the outside. That's not Survival Ranch. It is. That's That's it's acres and acres. Man. This is a Small portion of it. I had Chris Harris on the other day. Yeah. Airport. I love that dude. Yeah. That dude can drive If we had a track.


Oh, There was an airport right next to it. Yep. God damnit. If we had a track like real close. Yeah. And we could take Chris Harris out. How much fun would that be? Awesome. That dude's so fucking great. Yeah. I love watching him drive too. He's, he's fucking fantastic. He loves cars Man. When you're around, like someone who really loves cars, he loves all kinds of cars too. You know. He loves the interest. He knows his shit. Yeah. I like, I like watching his videos. Yeah, they're great. Yeah. Fun dude. He got fucked over on that whole top gear deal. He did? Yeah. I don't Top the top gear story. How it ended is horrible. Ended due to an accident. He, and he was, and he apparently had gone to the producer saying, we, we have to stop pushing this. We're gonna, someone's gonna get hurt or killed. And then someone got hurt real bad. There was real big guy though.


And You know he got fucked up from this, flipped over a three wheeler and got really fucked up, but survived. And then they killed the show. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It was crazy. After he had kind of worn the, He also experienced a shit ton of online hate because he was replacing Jeremy Clarkson. Ah. So everybody fucking hated him. But meanwhile, he's like the best auto journalist there is. He's fantastic. He's so fun. He's such a good guy. Yeah. And people are mad that he's not Jeremy Clarkson like, Hey Jeremy Clarkson's still on the air. You fucking idiots. Yeah. Go over to the Amazon, get the Jeremy Clark. It's great. Go watch that too. You fucking morons. No, that's, that's too bad. I, I think Krista's great work. I love watching him review stuff and, and and you can tell like, not only is he skilled when he is on track, but that he's genuinely having a good time.


Yeah. You can tell he loves It. Oh, he's smiling and laughing. Yeah. He's gonna do more of his own stuff and Good. Him and I were Yeah. We were talking about that. I was encouraging that. I was like, you really need to be doing your own thing. Like you're, you're so good at automotive journalists, you're so fun and people love watching you. You should be doing your own show online. You shouldn't be dealing with other people. Yeah. There's no, there's no need for that. That's right. And also like the Top Gear, top gear's great show and everything like that. But they all want to do like crazy stunts. Like they threw a car off the side of a bridge with a bungee cord attached to You. like why, why, why? Yeah. They, why they get to a point on all these shows where Yeah. It's just a producer pitching A segment. So, and what We were saying was for television, that's what people like. Yeah.


But for the internet. Yeah. Like for YouTube. Completely different audience. Yeah. Then you get enthusiasts. So like if you get the newest GT three Rs and Chris Harris is reviewing it, he'll have millions of views. Yeah. because you want to see a guy who can really fucking drive, who really loves cars and understands them. Yeah. Review the car. I'm like, that's where you're at. Your best man. A Thousand percent For the enthusiast, not for the casual dorks. And wants to see a car go off a damn on a bungee cord. Yeah. But I mean, fuck outta here. Also on those, on those internet videos too, is that the great thing is you get their, somebody like him gives you an authentic reaction Yes. To every And they give you authentic critiques. Yeah. They're like, they're like You know what they, they change the seats on this new and they, and it's not as good.


Or they'll talk about the suspend and they'll give You like the insight that if you're really thinking about getting that car, you go like, oh, maybe I want the previous generation. Like they they give you real insight. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. He gives a lot of good criticism. So Vehicle Matt Farrah does a great job with that too. Matt does awesome with that. Matt's awesome. There's a couple other guys that do that stuff. The straight Pipes. Chris works with Singer and Oh. yeah. You know Singer is doing a turbo now. Yeah, they are. Yeah. Oh my God. There's a, there's a green one. He went to the go to the factory and they're showing it. The attention to detail is so fucking incredible. Singer number one. The very first ones here in Austin. Really? Yeah. I saw it in person. Yeah.


What's it like in person? Pretty cool. They're fucking, it's, it's cool. It's a, a guy who has a few and he's like, I'm sure he's like, here's number one. That's Fucking rad. Dang. That's probably worth a lot of money. Yeah. See if you can find the Singer Turbo video with Chris Harris. 'cause it's, I just wanna see the green one and in, in, and it's like, it looks kind of like an old nine 11 Turbo. It's not. Or is it that? Yeah, that's it. Okay. That's it. Yeah, that's it. But it's, it looks kind of like an old nine 11 Turbo, but then when you see the details of it, you're like, oh, It's, they do an awesome job Here. This is way better than a regular. They're Fucking gorgeous. Way better than a regular. See if you can find the, the video, because the video's incredible.


Dude. Now that's the video of his original car. This is how I felt. Push. Click that real quick because that was before Singer. He had this car made. And this is, oh no, this is Singer. Oh, okay. This is the dis this is a different one. This is just a, how many years ago was this? Like a Year. 22. Okay. This is the Dynamics and lightweight study one. This is the crazy $3 million singer. Oh my God. This one's different. This one's not a turbo. This is their super lightweight, incredible car. Oh, this car is incredible. That's Chris credible, right? Yeah. He always Oh. yeah. He fucking nails It. But this car is crazy. Crazy expensive. Yeah. 3 million. Yeah. But it's immaculate. Immaculate Singer Turbos put in Turbo Singer, turbo Green.


Go to videos, click on videos and go to Recent. Okay. Right there where it says more than 10 years. Click that. There you go. Bam. Okay, this is it. So look at that fucking thing. So this is, this is the turbo. So it looks kind of like a nine 11 turbo from like, whatever year that would be like 1980 or whatever the fuck it was. But it's way more smooth and polished and refined. And it just, when you see it parked and still it is just amazing. Like their attention to details. Just off the fucking charts, man. Yeah.


Like this. Go back. So you could see. So that was, that's the car trying to show up. So they, they're just going over all the things that they massaged and changed on the car and all the details where you get a a cent, there he is. You get a sense of what it looks like. Look at that thing. Pause right there. That is fucking rad. Man. Cars don't get prettier. No. They just get different. They don't get prettier than that. They just get different. And then that dark cool. Metallic green. Like, look at that thing. I I would get talked into this. Yeah. In this moment. If they were like, and then you want it and I be like, yeah, How much do you think that fucker cost? 'cause that's not as much as the DLR. No it's not. I think, I don't know. You're probably or DLS You, you get, I mean there's so much customization involved in it though, right?


Probably a million bucks. That or just under. Yeah. You know around there. I think they can make these, from what I remember for A, little bit less than what they were making the, 'cause they were just doing nine, six fours before I think Right. That they can make these. That's not a 9 6 4 chassis. They don't start with a 9, 6 4 On the turbo. I don't know. Yeah. I, but, but I'm saying on the pre like You know singers were all just one model before. Right. Those were more expensive for them to just even produce Singer DLS Turbo. Oh boy. So starts as a 9 6 4 gen. But this is a DLS turbo. That's that's a different one. That's a different one. Look how sick that thing looks. That's the dy. That is another level.


That's the dynamic lightweight study. Yeah. Porsche Turbo, which is bananas. That's that thing looks, that doesn't look anything. Like anything that's ever existed before. No. And that's, that's the difference. Definitely More expensive Oh. yeah. That's got, but the one We were just looking at. I think you could produce those for a little less. Look at That thing. That's insane. Looking sweet. Oh my God. That thing's insane looking. Are you gonna make a phone call after? No, no. Get away from me. This's like a line where I won't cross. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What's the line? That's the line. Oh really? Yeah. That looks fucking amazing. Insane. You start getting into million dollar cars, like, what are we doing? That's okay. What the fuck are we doing here? Fine. Three.


It's just No, that's true. It's not a Bugatti. It's also a different kind of thing than a Look at my Dick You know. It's, it's more of like, oh, You know cars. You're a Passionate guy. Yeah. You, you know what the fuck gets the wheel spinning. That's, yeah. That's, that's Fucking what I just love that there's people like there like, you know, the Gunther Works guy. There's people out there making those things So fucking cool. Yeah. I just love that there's someone who just goes so hard a roof. Yeah. I want, I want to go They're, They're not even really Porsches, right? I don't Know. I mean They're like, they can't even really call 'em a Porsche. It's like a Roof. They call 'em roofs. Yeah. Mean, But it looks exactly like a Porsche. Like what is this? I definitely wanna see what it's like. Like go to a roof's website. RUF the, when you see like the new one that they have that that crazy.


It's water cooled. Right. But it looks like an air cooled car, right? Yeah. I've never been in one. I've just seen photos and videos and stuff. And then it makes you grow. Like, what's this like? I Mean, I want, it must be insane. Yeah. And there, there's these cars like that, that are just like completely like, look at that. Whoa. That's a 9, 9 3 turbo base. And so that's their turbo r that they make. Look at that fucking thing. So this is the one, these are the ones that are weird. The ones that aren't like scroll up, scroll back up. Rough car. So that one. So CTR anniversary. So that one I don't think is a Porsche.


Really? I don't think it starts off as a Porsche. They just, I think it's all their shit And it just makes it look like, It looks exactly like a Porsche, but I don't believe it has. I think it's a new car that, yeah. See Mo Monaque completely developed by roof. Roof rather. It's a type of radiation. A CTR reminiscent of the legendary yellowbird. So the Let Yellowbird was a Porsche. There was a, a roof yellowbird from like, what was like the eighties? Remember that one? That Porsche one That was crazy. But this is not really a Porsche. This is a, a roof car that they make That just looks, They're basically ripping off Porsche. Really? Yeah.


I mean, But what about the other, the other ones are Modi modified. Exactly. Ps the other one. That one was a 9 9 3. That was a, like they take the base 9, 9 3 and they juice it up. But this one I think is entirely developed by them. Wow. It looks funny. Awesome. It's supposed to be madness. Supposed to be total madness Roof. Holler at me, man. Yeah. Completely redesigned. Yeah. That's fucking scroll up so I can see image of the front. Look at that fucking thing. Woo. This So fucking Cool. And look how fat the tires are. That thing has has some Gr Yeah, you get it too. Why you, you've encounter these people with just like nothing but Porsches. Yeah. It's just so there's something about them. You just go, I wanna, what about the other one that you guys make? Like you just kind of wanna keep going.


Yeah. There's a, there's also something about the size of them. Right. They're so small and compact that when you're in them you feel like you're, you're in a, like a, you feel like you're in a race car. Yeah. You're hunkered in There and there's, there's something weird about, even though these get obviously very expensive, that feel, I've always felt like it's a more accessible to the world car. Right. Than other supercars You. know what I mean? Oh. yeah. Like you for sure you see one parked, you could see a Porsche parked in a grocery store parking lot. Right. And like, it it, you're just like, oh it's fucking rad. But you see a Lambo and you're like, what the fuck is this person doing? Right. Like this guy Mind. Yeah. It just doesn't feel Thick. Lambo with a HEB parking lot. It's crazy. Get Outta here, bro. It's crazy.


Yeah. Yeah. Coming out with your giant sunglasses on, looking for attention to wrap Around. He's just trying to get punched Sam in his fucking conus egg. Yeah, It is that. That's ridiculous. There's so many people that see people like that too and they really wanna smack him. Yeah. They see you with that thing and You like, I always wanna smack that guy in his fucking stupid. Yeah. Nobody has any like sympathy for you on the road if you're in something like that and You crashed. Ha ha Ha ha. Or like try to merge people. Fuck Off. Yeah. Fuck you. Yeah, fuck you. You can't get in front of me. Douche Bag. Yeah. A thousand percent. You gotta go somewhere. No, No. I was just looking at what it was. Sorry. Sorry. Addictive Man. I know messages. They're addictive. You ever thought I'd like going to a flip phone?


Oh, Ari style. Yeah. Wasn't that Dana too? Dana had it in the beginning. Yeah. He had a flip phone early on. But then it got to the point where You know he has to manage the social media of the UFC. So he has to be able to look at things online's and You know. He's saying your praises We. were with him in Vegas talking about you fucking guy loves you man. I love him too. Yeah, he's great. If it wasn't for him, that sport would not be what it Is. He told us the story about you, about him clearing up the New York offices Oh. yeah. And he put it in the va. He's checking tapes. Yeah. And he sees you on Keenan Ivory. Waynes I think you said. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it was. He was like, I need this fucking guy. Yeah. Yeah. It was crazy. 'cause in the beginning I didn't even want to do it when he was trying to get, 'cause I had already worked for the UFC in the past from 97 to 98.


I did post-fight interviews and I was like, I'm out. And then they bought it in 2001 and he was trying to talk me into working for them. I'm like, I don't wanna Work. Really? Yeah. I was like, I don't wanna do this. But I would ask him, You know, Hey, have you ever watched K one? Do you, do you guys watch Pride? Do You know about this guy? You ever see Fki fight? Have you seen Hicks? And Gracie? He's even better than hoist. Like, we started having these conversations and he was like, how much of this shit you watch? I was like, it's all the only sport I know. Yeah. I don't even know the rules to basketball. And they blow that whistle. I don't know what the fuck is going on. That's hilarious. I don't, I told him the story about how when I would go with you on these weekends and I'm like, you know, just like as a fan of sports and broadcasting, I was like, so where's like your prep book?


you know, like, and you're like, it's all up here. And I'm like, what are you talking about? You're about to call seven hours and you're, and you said you go, there's nothing else up here cluttering my mind with other sports. I only know one sport. Yeah. Yeah. But that's true. I mean, I do watch fights, but when I watch fights I don't have to like say, oh, this guy's got a a great question mark. I already ha I know. Yeah. I know what he does. I know what that guy does. Yeah. That's impressive though. I've seen him fight a hundred, but it's, but it really is true that I don't have any clutter in there. Yeah. I believe It. I don't have any football in there. I don't know what's going on with football. Yeah. Off what's an off side? Yeah. Why is he got a flag? I know. What's a down, why is it it, why is it first down now? What is happening? Oh, that guy got hurt. That's all I know. Yeah. Oh, that was a bad, well, he ran with the ball pretty far.


Yeah. I don't know what's going on. and I don't want to know. I don't care. I could still enjoy it. Sure. I, I have room for a couple things in my head. You know, like combat sports things and just smash 'em all together. if You had to put something that interests you even somewhat outside of combat sports, MMA and all that, what, what sport would be like second? I know it's a distant second, but what would be the one where you're like, oh, I, I enjoy that. Where a sport that I don't participate that I can watch. Yeah. Any like that you would sit down and outside Of combat sports. Yeah. If somebody had it on, you'd be like, all right, I'll watch some of this with you. I maybe would be like, what's going on with cricket? What are you guys doing cricket? Yeah. I'd be like, what is that? What the hell's happening? Really Why I got that paddle?


You'd Be interested. I'll tell you what I really liked watching is soccer shit. We went to the shit Austin Professional soccer. Yeah. Games. Yeah. C game. Yeah. Soccer's legit. Here's one of the reasons why soccer's legit and why it's not gonna become successful in America is because they don't take breaks. So there's no fucking commercial time. Yeah. There's no time to shove Taco Bell down your face. They don't Take any No breaks really. Nope. Nope. It goes for a certain amount of time. I forget how long a soccer matches, but It's increased in in its popularity. Yeah. Tenfold here in the last decade. I'm telling you, if you go to see it live, it's fucking, I've went, I've been to multiple games. Okay. Incredible. Right? Yeah. It's unbelievable. Yeah. And the arena they have here in Austin is amazing. It's great. You don't realize that it's You know compared to what we're used to for like American football stadiums Right.


It's small. It doesn't feel small because you, you, every seat in that house is fantastic. Yep, yep. And it's, yeah, it's great competition. We keep getting better players here. I mean, I was somebody who You know I grew up not into soccer at all, and half my family was like, what's wrong with you? Because they're all South American. You know, and They're like, and Argentina, it's fucking huge. Right? Argentina, it's the fucking, it's bigger than any, bigger than religion. It's just, it's, it is. That's nuts. and I mean. My Peruvian cousins We were all like, how do you not like soccer? and I, The whole world loves It. The whole world loves it. But I do think it's cool that in the last, for me, like in the last decade plus, first of all, we lived in a time with like some generational talent, You know, with like Ronaldo and Messi and, and these guy.


And it's like shifting now to mbae and, and these just incredible, incredible talents. So I think high level anything becomes interesting. Yeah. Like when I would watch the El Classico, the Madrid, Barcelona game at the height of these, of these guys club powers in the, like 10 years ago, you're watching such a high stakes, high level game, you can have zero interest and you're like, holy shit. Yeah. This, this is so incredible. and I think that, and, and Premier League stuff kind of, you know, it just, it there, it kind of drifted over to the point where we're like, Hey, You know soccer's been played here forever, just didn't have that same popularity. But this MLS stuff has continued to grow and grow.


And people You know. I remember Saturday mornings during our football season, a lot of times you, you're putting it on now and you'll see soccer games like from the Premier League was on NBC for a while. I dunno if they still have that contract, but here you go. But like, it just has, and they keep getting You know better talent on the state side that I, I think we'll, we'll continue to see it become more popular here. If you go see it live, you'll get hooked. I'll, I'll tell you that for Sure. The MLS games are tennis Is like that too. Oh my God. I got to see, I was on tour in Australia last year and I got to see the Australian Open Men's Finals with Djokovich.


Yeah. Seeing that in person, there's also like, not a bad seat in that place. It's, it's a whole other thing. It made me go, okay, I want to go to all like the, the big really Wimbledon I wanna go to. Really? He, he was just incredible to see in person. Again, just somebody so, so talented at their sport that watching it live change You know my, I I'd played tennis growing up and like I've, I've watched tennis tournaments, but live is is everything. Yeah. I mean, I've told people that about UFC too. It's like, yeah, it's cool to watch on tv, but it's so different in person.


It's, Yeah. And especially with no commentary. You're just watching the actual violence. Like, oh my God, it's right there. It's so real. Yeah. And then you have a moment of like the, the sound of the crowd dies and you hear a Yeah. you know, and you're like, oh, That's that guy. And everybody goes, guy's face Oh. yeah. It's like, holy Shit. The my favorite place to see fights is in the Apex Center. 'cause the UFC Apex Center has no audience. Yeah. So small. It's incredible. And during Covid, that was the best thing about Covid for me. How About the sphere thing? It's gonna be nuts. That's this weekend. I know, I know. Yeah. I'm pretty pumped. I don't know what they're gonna do. I know they have, I don't know if they're gonna show the fights on the ceiling. So You know how they have video monitors in the studio where you always see what the, the video monitors are showing you the fights of the people that like, Well, he told us what, what they're doing.


Can you say it? I mean, I, I don't know. I I assume We were on a podcast. It hasn't. Oh. I don't think it's been released. But you didn't Know that. Tell me Dude. He's like, it's a fucking, it's a movie that's gonna play about the history like this, Of Mexican combat sports. I know about that. Yeah. There's six of them. There's six different small films. Yeah. Okay. That's, that's what he was telling us about. Yeah. And he was just like, it's all, everything is authenticated and like You know, like, and the crew that made it is Mexican. It's just like this. Yeah. Huge Mexican plight story and I mean. I don't know if the broadcast goes up on the Wall. That's what I'm thinking. I'm wondering if you can see the fights take place on the ceiling.


Jesus. Which would be an advantage. You See a show there Already in certain positions. No, I have not. Have you? No. And I heard, it's just, I've heard it's insane. Bur what did Burt go to see there? The Dead. He's seen a few there. He saw the Yeah, of course he has. He, he man a go. He saw the dead and he saw he, he went to a u the U2 show when they were there too. Oh wow. He said, yeah, he's, I cried so much. You know. Of course. Yeah. Yeah, Of course. Emotional. Yeah. I cried The whole time. Your livers family. My Daughters were making fun of me. Oh. yeah, They should. Yeah. They should mock you. He, he doesn't just cry. He likes to take photos of him crying and then post it on Instagram. I'm so sad. My daughter went to college. Look. Is this one good?


How many did he take before he picked that one? He is a fucking mess. When I saw him, Of course. Yeah. The the college drop off has got to be heavy. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. He was, he's a character. He's on one. He was in a fucking Bender. How's he doing these days? He's, he benders He goes off, he goes on. Yeah, he's on, he cleaned up for a little while and he went back right back in. He's On a bur he's in a Burt cycle. Yeah. Yeah. He was real clean. And then he my favorite, he was like, We were somewhere in Vegas. And somebody was like, you know, do you want this? He's like, Kent, I'm hardcore Keo. and I was like, okay. And then we go to this, I'm like, okay, This Is fucking what you said.


You twisted your head. That's such a bird. Hardcore Keto or corto. And then we go to this bar and we're pouring drinks, por osos, drinks, You know. We're like our, our brand. And, and it's like tons of people. And it's, it's a very fun thing. Everyone's out and getting bottles and, and drinks and we're signing things. And then, and of course like, you know, he's throwing 'em back. He's throwing back. And at one point, you know, he's standing there shirtless and he goes, I'm fucking, I'm absolutely fucking shit face. I go, yeah, I can tell. And so I go, Hey, You know some time passes. I go, you wanna get outta here? And he's like, yeah. I go, okay, we're gonna go this way out of this place and then here's the exit. And he's like, okay. So I turn this way, he say something then, and I go, ready. He goes, I'm gonna fucking stay.


and I go, okay, I'll see you later, man. So really I leave, I get the fuck outta there. And then I run into him later. I'm like, how, how was it? He was like, oh. He's like, dude, I was so hammered. I go, yeah, I know. He goes, yeah, I got back and I ate a dozen donuts. and I was like, I go, what happened to hardcore keto? He goes, well, I just ate the tops. and I go. That's, that's not how keto works. That's even Works. Yeah. That's where the frosty is. You fucking whatcha talking about? He's a lunatic. Oh my God. He's still alive. I wonder how long you can do that for. I mean, how long can you do that for? Yeah, he goes, he does the, and then You know what'll happen is like, so he's like, whatever, real crazy right now.


And we'll see him in like a month and he'll be like, Oh. yeah, You know my other favorite phrase. He's like, I quit, quit drinking. I go when he goes Wednesday. And I'm like, but it's fucking Friday. He's like, I know, but it's like 48 hours. Nothing. I'm like, that's not, That's a, a normal person. That's not how that term Works. And He is like, he is like, but so he'll get, he'll get to one a certain point here where he'll be like, I gotta clean it up. And he'll just like, really clean it up, you know, like, won't drink for a while. Clean up the diet. You'll see him just like, yeah. Thin out. He takes a picture on Instagram, Takes, takes a good picture, Sucks his Gut in sexy picture. And then This is me now. And then you'll be like, oh, you're good. Three weeks later. Huge. Yeah. It was just, it's a cycle. Three weeks later I see him waddle through the fucking green room, At, the mothership.


I'm like, what the fuck dude, the fuck are you doing? I know. He goes hard. He goes hard, dude. He goes hard. He, I've been going hard with eating just super clean, man. Yeah, yeah, yeah. How long? A couple months in. Yeah. Yeah. It's a funny thing is like, by just being so committed to it, anything outside of it, now you feel it. Yes. It's so like, I, I really didn't have a reference for that before. Yeah. You know. 'cause I'm like, I'm meeting a lot of You know pretty much the same wheelhouse of shit every day. Like I have four eggs, blueberries a little while later.


Protein shake lunch. I had lunch today. 10 ounces of chicken greens and I have like little things like peanut butter, jelly pack, like you as a bridge. So clean. Yep. And then dinner, I'll have 16 to 20 ounces of lean protein, like sea bass, salmon. Sometimes I'll have leaner red meats, greens, fruit And I. You got someone organizing this for you or you just doing it yourself? Yeah. Yeah. I saw I, it was funny. I, I did it because I'm shooting my show next month and I was like three months out and I was like, fuck, if I don't like dial it in right now, I'm gonna show you're gonna show up sloppy. Yeah. And I'm gonna show up and I'm gonna be like, I wish, I just don't wanna have regret like I didn't try.


Right, right, right, right. and I was like, I know I'm not gonna look like a Marvel guy in three months. Right. But I know I can clean it up in three months. Yeah. And like, I mean, I'm, You just don't wanna look at yourself on TV and go, oh, you fat Fuck. Fuck yeah. You fuck fucking lose a piece of shit. Look at. Yeah. That's The worst. So I've gone down You know I'm down to like 2 0 4 body fat's down and I have about another month. So I just sticking to it. But the funny thing is, like any, like the other night I got home and the boys were like, they, they got, what's it called? Like the shaved ice machine. And they've been making those You know during the day and they're, they're kids and they're like, you gotta have one. You gotta, I go, ah, You know I, okay, I'll try it, I'll try it.


So they shave the ice in the machine and they pour flavors into it. and I take You know a few spoons. Spoon. It's very sweet. Right. Dude. Within an hour I'm like, like doubled over running to the toilet. Yep. And I'm like, Oh. yeah. 'cause I can isolate it now. Before when I'm, it was eating like a trash can. Like, I would just go like, well I don't know what it was. Right. You know it was fucking, maybe it was the bread. Maybe it Also you get used to feeling like shit. Yeah, you do. You get That's what Duncan's You know Duncan had diabetes. Yeah. He got type two diabetes from, I think it's from vaping Sugar for sure. But also vaping. And the reason why I say this is one of the things he found out he was getting his blood sugar checked and like it was spiking.


And he's like, I don't even understand. I'm not drinking any soda, not eating any sugar. And then he realized that it spikes after he vapes. Wow. And so, 'cause he was You know monitoring it and then he realized, oh my God, there's a reason why this stuff is sweet. There's fucking sugar in the vapes. That makes sense. Because I've tried them. And you're like, of course this looks really sweet of You're, it's watermelon. How else are you gonna get a watermelon flavor? Yeah. How else are you gonna get a peach flavored vape? Unless you have some sugar in there. Yeah. you know how you getting fucking apple flavored vapes? Yeah, of course. There's Sugar in there. There's sugar. And so the sugar was spiking his blood pressure. That's insane. Or his blood sugar rather. Did he get himself out of it? Yeah, he got off of it and got on the zims. Wow. And you know, it's just, you don't realize that you're poisoning yourself until you stop poisoning yourself.


Yeah. And you eat really healthy. And the, he was like, dude, I don't need naps anymore. I have energy all day. This thing has helped me so much, dude. Like this eating plan. I got it from a nutritionist in, in LA Dr. Golia. And like I told him a couple weeks into it, I was like, if I don't lose a pound, I'm already gonna thank you for my digestion changing. Mm. Like I used to You know fucking, I got so used to just explosive shits all the time that like, You know. Like Christina was like, are you gonna ever see a doctor? I, I hear this violence coming out of the bathroom. And I'm like, yeah, I gotta go check it out.


And then I had a colonoscopy a couple years ago and they were like, good to go. No, you're good. Yeah. And I'm like, yeah, but I mean, I have diarrhea 14 times a week. Is that normal? And they're like, I don't know man. So this switching to like the way I just described my eating now, dude, I have totally normal gut health. Yeah. That's how it's supposed to be. I, yeah. It took me 45 years to figure out. Well that's one of the things that's very interesting about Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Being connected to Trump in this election. Really? If Trump, yeah. Because if Trump winds up winning, they're going to expose our food systems. Ugh. Robert Kennedy, one of the things that he really wants to do is he wants to expose a bunch of problems we have in our food system.


One is glyphosate. Glyphosate, which is used. It's a, an herbicide. It's used all over the fucking place. It's in a lot of food. Most people they test or some incredibly high number of people test positive for glyphosate in their blood. Really? Yeah. 'cause you're getting it from organic vegetables. Even like some vegetables. No, I shouldn't say organic. But you're getting it from like, there's some stuff that they just spray it on no matter. Like I think the, the most glyphosate, I think it might be corn. So like what things contain the most glyphosate. Let's, let's Google that. I think it's corn rice and different You know d different vegetables and fruits.


It's fascinating how if you go to Western Europe, you realize that they Don't use any glyphosate. But like our food would be like illegal. Illegal in grocery stores. Our fruit loops are illegal in Canada. Are they really? Yeah. Because we use dye. There's all these red d and shit in our fruit loops. They don't, they have the same fruit loops in Canada. They're like, no, no, no, you can't put that stuff in there. So we, they have to sell different fruit loops to Canada than they do to America. Some of the most common foods with glyphosate. Oh, non-organic cereals and grains harvested with glyphosate. These include wheat, barley, buckwheat millet, rice, oats, wild rice popcorn and sorghum. Wild rice. So you think wild rice. Oh, I'm getting wild rice. Yeah. Must be healthy Or popcorn seeds.


But a lot of people think that part of the thing that's going on with people, they say they're glucose or gluten intolerant, that what's actually, it's not gluten that's fucking with them. It's glyphosate. Really? Yeah. And we, this is just one of those, like one of those American things like huge conglomerates that's Yep. Spraying and down. Yep. Yep. Monsanto. Yeah. That's cool. That's Roundup. And so there's that. And then there's seed oils Fucking terra before you. And they're in everything. And they're in everything because they're cheap. And it used to be industrial lubricant and they figured out a way to make it somehow or another turn into food. It's so fucking terrible. Sad that we have like, and also the most people, myself included, it might even talk about other, like, you just don't have the knowledge of the, like you'd have to Right.


You have to inquire and really be curious about this. And you Gotta dig for a long time. And if you talk to your doctors, a lot of time doctors don't know jack shit. Yeah. Most doctors spend a shockingly small amount of time in medical schools studying nutrition. Yeah. Most doctors they'll tell you just need a healthy diet. I'm like, look at you Doc. Look at you. Look at, look at you. Doc You Know. I had a fucking neighbor that was a 260 pound cardiologist. Isn't that crazy? Like, I'm not exaggerated Unless he's seven feet tall. He wasn't, he's shorter than me. Oh God. and I was like, that's so big. You card tell people like, Hey man, your heart's. That's So Crazy. It's so crazy. He was wildly overweight. Some people just can't control themselves. They just don't Yeah.


They don't have a history of controlling themselves. And so they just don't And they just eat. I mean, Bro, I remember Ralphie, may we, one time we, we all left the comedy store and we went to a bar. It was Stan Hope, me and a couple other comics. And Ralphie, it was Joey and Ralphie was gonna meet us there. There was this bar that Stan Hope used to, like in Hollywood. We go back in the day before Hollywood was a zombie movie. And so Ralphie doesn't show up. We're like waiting for him. Like, where the fuck is Ralphie We? were waiting for everybody outside. We're gonna all go in together and get a table. Yeah. And we're sitting outside and Ralph no Ralphie for a long ass time. And then all of a sudden, like an hour later, Ralphie shows up and Ralphie's backseat was just filled with rappers.


So this poor guy Yeah. Was so addicted that he couldn't get in his car and drive from the comedy store to this bar, which was like two miles away. He had to stop at a Jack in the box And tear it up. And this was at a time where he got his stomach stapled so he couldn't eat any meat. So he wasn't eating meat. So he was eating jalapeno poppers from Jack in the Box. Just stacks of 'em. Yeah. He was, he was really sick. He was sick. He ate through his stomach stapling twice. I got a piss real bad. Oh, let's piss. Okay, let's piss Pee. Let's pee, let's pee together and we're back. Great pee. That's, it's just such a game changer. Yeah. When you have to pee and you can't concentrate. It's so hard to talk.


Yeah. I Was just like, your eye starts to flutter. Yeah. Yeah. It makes me think about those debates. Like, what if someone has to pee in the debate? You gotta dial your water in just Right. Do you have a, I have a pre-show pee routine. Do you? Yeah. Kind because I, I would say like, my fixation is, I kind of have to, when I get like during the day I'm drinking water and You know a cup coffees. And it's like, if we're on the road, You know, we go work out, I'm gonna increase the water intake. Right. Like start drinking more. And then You know you get ready, head over to the venue and it's like, okay, I get there.


The show's gonna be in 45 minutes. It's like I pee, but then I keep going like, oh, here's a water. Maybe pour a diet Coke. I'm gonna take on stage in a cup water. And then it's like, alright, start the show. I introduce You know I opener. And then I'm like, all right, I'm, I'm gonna go pee and I'll be, I'll be back and I do that. And then it's like, Hey, he's got five minutes left. and I always go, do I have to pee again? Like this is like a real Yeah. It's like you're gonna, you get a, a go to a spa and they're like, you're gonna get a massage. And they're like, do you have to pee and I go Do I? I think so. Yeah. I want, yeah. I think there's four drops left. I'd like to get them out. Get before This. Get the words is if you have to, shit. Oh Jesus. if you think you're gonna go on stage for an hour and you have to take a shit You, like, oh my God. Yeah. How much time does he have left?


He has three minutes left. I can't shit in three minutes. I can't shit in three minutes. I know. That is the, but your body does this thing where it'll shut the shit thing down unless it's like a real fucking emergency. Right. But Have you ever had that on stage? Have I ever had that? I have to fucking, I puked on the side of the stage. Really? Yeah. That was, fuck those, Are we sick? Yeah. And that was horrible. Literally in a can in the wings. Oh my God. Jesus. And like, that was, that was rough. Did you go back on stage? Yep. Did they know you threw up? Nope. Until I told. Wow. No, but the pee one, like, I hate when you go, all right, I'm, yeah, I'm just gonna go out there. What am I a fucking toddler?


Just go fucking do your shit. And i's like five minutes in I'm like, I have to pee right now. And You know. And you just carry that. Oh no. Your body will like put it outta Your Mom. But there's like this discomfort you have the whole time where you're standing there. I'm like, I'm gonna be out here for a fucking hour. I did it once where I ran off stage and I You know the mothership the way I gotta go all the way up. I had to go all the way the fuck upstairs and just so hard. And then went back. Yeah. No, no, no. I didn't, it was, I finished my Set. Oh, when you finished? Yeah. Yeah. But Like halfway through my set, I was like, God damnit I had to pee to pee. Yeah. But someone was in the bathroom like right before I went and I was like, fuck No. It's, I mean, I, I mean I've also, I've peed on the side of the stage before, like in a panic. Yeah. Jesus. I know. On the ground. No, like in a trash can and in a cup.


I've done that too. Yeah. How many times has Ari peed right there? Ugh. He pisses in fucking kombucha bottles and God, everything. No, It's fucking disgusting Man. He's gross man. He's so gross. He wants you to know he is peeing in the room. Yeah. To show he was nuts and I. Come on man. I'm surprised I haven't seen him come. I've seen him pee so many times. I know. We're getting close to October. We gonna do something this year. Dude, I'm shooting the whole month here. Oh. But I'll be here. Yeah. Okay. I'll Be here. You gonna go sober? N Sure. I mean, I'm gonna be like shooting five days a week. I'm sure I do You think we can get birth to go sober for a month again? 'cause last year he was excited to not do it.


I don't think. I don't wanna speak for him, but No. Maybe he could use it though. Right? I Don't know. Wouldn't be the worst thing in the world For him. No. It's never the worst thing for, for any of us to take a month off. No. Sure. It's good. Hmm. I mean, yeah. I always feel like, I mean it's, it's What kind of challenge is it for? That each person You know. Well, it's easy for me. I haven't had a drink in since I had a couple glasses. I had a, a margarita and like a mule Saturday night. So that was it.


That was the last time I had a drink. Yeah. I had a few drinks Saturday night in Vegas. Yeah. Yeah. We were doing, I was at dinner with the misses, but I haven't had anything to drink since then, which is normal. I can go a week two. Like it's not, I You know it's not that big a deal. That's what I'm saying. So like, But for Bird it's a big ass deal. Yeah. It's, it, it tests his will will for sure. And, and will to live cleans him up. I think. I think he, I think he also kind of gets off on the challenge of it. Yeah. 'cause so many people are like, you're gonna struggle this. Like You know online and I think that, well, Bert's another one that has that delusional, I can't lose. He is like, he is, I, I remember what was the one that I was like, what are you doing?


When he was like, I could do the splits. You can't. I think I can. I was like, you're gonna fucking could tear your Hamstrings thought when he told me he could. I really believed for a second he could. I was like, really? Wow. Yeah. I know. Because it also is one of those things that Bert could secret. Like, you know what I mean? It wouldn't be out of the realm of possibilities. Oh, you have this secret skill. You can also do this. Right. Like when you played tennis. Yeah. And you found out he could serve like a fucking pro. Jesus. I know. He has all these like weird, like hidden skills. You Know. Yeah. Yeah. I, I really believe that he could do the splits. Yeah. But he couldn't even come close. It wasn't even in the neighborhood where you did a split once in your life and you gotta get it back.


You know. Like maybe, yeah. Maybe you did it when you're in high school and you can kind of get back there. Yeah. But you could again now do you still do them? All the time? All The time. Okay. I stretch out constantly. Okay. Especially lately. 'cause I've been dealing with like some real stiff back problems. 'cause when I shoot a lot of archery, I get real stiff in my right side of my lower back and my neck because I, my bow is 80 pounds to pull back. So I'm pulling back 80 pounds, like 150 times a day. Yeah. So it tightens up. Yeah. So everything's tight. So it really helps to stretching, massage helps a lot. But man, stretching so helps So much. I, I started stretching. I have like, it's not that unusual, like kind of chronically tight hamstrings. Mm.


You know that like, I'm like, fuck. and I the massage definitely helps. But spending a little time every day working on hamstring stretches has definitely helped me. It's fucking gigantic. Yeah. Everyone should stretch. And especially for anyone that has like stiffness in their lower back and a lot of that stuff like you, you'd be amazed at how stretching your hamstrings alleviates a lot of stress on your lower back. Yeah. It's all tied there. Most like, if a lot of times that lower back tightness, it's just, you just follow the line. Yep. It's like your glutes into your hamstrings and your hamstrings are super tight. They're pulling down. Yeah. And it's, and it'll relieve your, your lower back pains. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I do a lot of hamstring exercises too though.


I do a lot of Nordic curls. I do those. Those are the shit, man. Once I started getting into those You, know the neo toes guy stuff Like Nordic curl, is that like laying flat? Yeah. You lay flat and you pull yourself up with Your hamstrings. Oh. yeah. It's fucking hard. Really? Yeah. It's hard. Yeah. I do that for sets of six, like six reps pulling yourself up and I. The first time I did it, I couldn't do one. I was like, this is crazy. Really? Yeah. 'cause I was like, I have strong fucking legs. Like, how can I not do this? This is nuts. I couldn't believe I couldn't do it. I was shocked. So I really started concentrating on it. Now I do sets of six, but I think I could probably do nine if I guessed. I Think I could. Damn. It's that challenging though.


It's fucking hard, dude. It's fucking fucking hard. I don't think I've ever tried it. She's Tried it. Okay. We'll do it out here. I have one right out in the middle of the lobby. Really? Yeah. I have one in the, I have an extra one if you need one. Oh, Okay. Cool. Thanks Man. Yeah, I have a bunch of 'em. I've gotten, there's a, the tib bar guy made me a cool one and there's a few other one. What's his other guy? Mr. Infinity. He, he made one that's really good. They, there's a lot of ones that are adjustable. They do a bunch of different things as well as just, just just do the Nordic curls. Like some of them you could do reverse hypers on and a bunch of other lower back exercises. But it's a great one for stabilizing your knee. A really good exercise for, 'cause there's nothing else like it.


That's like you're pulling your whole like that'ss it right there. Oh wow. That's what it looks like when you're doing it. Yeah. That looks, That's the sore next one. Challenging. It's fucking hard man. Yeah, it looks like it. But the one that's really the reason why I like, I really like the tib bar guy one and the Mr. Infinity one is that you can change the angle of it. So instead of starting flat, like the rogue one that we have outside, you start completely flat and I. In the beginning I had to help myself. I had to like, what I would do is I put two fingers down and gimme myself a little push of the fingers and then complete the reps of my hamstring and then try to lower myself as much as I could. Slowly down and catch it down. Yeah. But now I've got to the point where I just go all the way down slow and all the way up. No problem. That's cool. and I could do it, but it took a while to build it up.


and I was kind of surprised. 'cause I thought it was gonna be like one of those things like a pistol Squatch, like, it looks hard, but I have strong legs. I could do that. Yeah, you can do that. Yeah. But I was like, this is fucking impossible. Wow. I'd love to, but but you think about that kind of a pull. That's it right there. Who, who is this one? Ted Bar. T bar guys. This one's a really good one, man. So you could use it to do back extensions. Oh, you could use it to do reverse hypers. Really topnotch stuff. And the angle change is huge because you start it off, give yourself A little bit of an angle so you're already like halfway through the rep and it's much easier. And then lower it A little bit. And then, and then eventually you get to the flat. I'd like to over time try. I'd like to try it. It's especially for rehabbing that bad knee.


Yeah. The, the injured knee. It's really good. Anything I do leg curls too with those You ever use those monkey feet? Yeah. Things. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I have, I Have that things fucking great. Yeah. And then they have a new one, the monkey feet pro. I haven't seen that, but they have the plates already built into it. And so you can slide a pin out You know like those Yeah. Like dumbbells that do that. Yeah, sure. Yeah. So it's built in and it's flat at the bottom instead of like having a dumbbell that you have to attach to it. That sounds cool. That's, yeah, that's the new one. The monkey feet pro. That's fucking huge. But all those different things to stabilize all those muscles and to do knee raises and fucking phenomenal stuff, man. Yeah. That seems awesome. So if we do sober October, do you think we should have some sort of a challenge this year?


Or should we? I can't, I just won't have any time. Right. The the, I just will be too way too busy. Are You gonna work out at all? Yeah. So I already talked to like my, I go look. I mean I've been, I've been preparing for this thing by training six days a week and, and alternating, like I had today was a steady state cardio day. So I did an endurance ride for 60 minutes, a bike ride. And then tomorrow morning I'll get up and lift and then You know. So I I So you're really organized? I'm organized. I like structure. So, so I'll, I'll, I'll follow the, my plan, but I'm able to do right now, hour sessions, hour lifting, hour cardio sessions.


Sometimes I can do two a day if the schedule allows, do two in a day. But I was like, look, I know when we're in production you won't have the time. No. So I, I, I'm just, we're we've, my trainer and I have been figuring out like, alright, what about like, 'cause I, I've had days where I go, I don't have an hour. Right. But you could still like get something good going in 30 minutes. Sure. And I'm like, look, all I gotta do, I just don't wanna get into working on production and just go into zero because I'll feel like shit too. Right. So figuring out like, okay, I think it has to be am for me. This whole idea that I'm gonna shoot all day and then at the end of the day you're prepping for the next day and I'm gonna go work out now at like nine 30.


It's just not gonna happen. Right. We're gonna try to organize workouts that are more condensed that I'll keep, be able to keep doing through, through production this six weeks, six, seven weeks of production. You Know and Tell What is the show? So this is the show that I don't think I've ever shown you, but like two years ago I had a break on my tour and I had this kind of distorted sense of income. 'cause you're on tour You know, and you're like, I want, like, I love features, but trying to pull, pull a feature together is a huge undertaking. Right. But if you wanna shoot like a short film, it's a lot easier to manage.


So I go, you know, I had all these things that I've written You know, five to 10 page short stories. and I hit up my friend Rami and I was like, Hey, we, we'd work together and stuff. He's the one that directed my, my music video You, like, So. Oh, fucking Steven Segal One. Yeah. The Steven Segal one. So I go, You know I got a break on tour. I'm willing to write a check to like, to make a short film. Can I stop you right there? Yeah. Did Bert ever have a real hard problem with you stabbing him to Death figure? He was like, I don't find he was, I don't know. That's just your humor. I, he was like, he's like, I, he was like, people ask me and he and he said, I just told them that's Tom's humor. I guess that's what he finds funny Because I was like, if my friend did a video where he stabbed me to death Yeah.


I might be like, how does he really feel about me? Like, what the fuck is going on? He just stabbed me to death on Yeah. On a video. But he is right in that. I, I do, I mean, if you see the series, you'll see that like, oh, this is a warm feeling to you. Like I just You know. I did. Yeah. I yeah, there it is. This is so ridiculous. Yeah. And he's so big in that video. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Oh, with the face swap. Yeah. It was a great deep fake for Yeah. At that time too. It's gotten so much better now. But anyway, I tell my friend, I go, I wanna shoot a short film, You know, like during this break and like I'll pay for it and I, I just want to shoot it and put it out.


Kind of like the music video. And he was like looking at, I was sending him scripts and he's like, I think we could actually, if you can take this like 11 days, I think we could shoot three. and I'm like, really? Like, that's gonna be fucking crazy to shoot 11 days in a row on break when you shouldn be like taking time down. But I go, okay, so we, we sign up to shoot three. And again, the whole thing is like, we'll just make these, because I enjoy making them You. Know what I mean? Right, right. So we shoot them and then when we have them, we're like, well, this kind of looks, this kind of is like a show now. It's like, like a old Twilight Zone where it's just like, here's a You know, here's a short story.


So then we went back to a, a white psych, like a sound stage and I shot an introduction to the, like, I'm the host of a show. And then the idea was, you remember I built like during the pandemic, this Pay-per-view kind of website, You know, You know where people could buy tickets to like live podcasts. I was like, oh, I know what I'll do. I'll cut, we will cut this together. And then this will be the first like ticketed event. Like Pay-per-View event that is a scripted written show as opposed to like a live podcast. Right. Which I was really excited by. I was like, look, I don't even care. I don't need to make money. Even if this like helps me recoup a portion of what I spent to make this, I feel like that would be a win.


It's just exciting to try something new like that. Right. So it's all cut together, you know, it's super high production quality and I show it to like, agents. And, and they were like, they go, you, you gotta show this to some of the streamers. You know, because I told them my plan. I was like, yeah, my plan was just to do this. And they go, I think we can get you, you can get a series out of this. And we showed it to Netflix and they were like, yeah, we'll we'll do a series. You can do six of these. So now we spent time, obviously in the writer's room writing six episodes worth of these. And each one, each episode had, will have like a theme and then short stories that are dark, like twisted, fucked up stories there, there with a comedic twist to it.


Right. Like things that are comedic in nature, I would say. But, but dark. So I think it's like a com. I I, like I say like the best way to describe it is it's kind of a comedic black mirror. Short stories that are twisted that have a comedic tone. So do you have the whole out, first of all, you really like to be busy. I mean, I like more Than anybody I know. I, I do feel I think better having a lot going on. Yeah. But you You like to be overwhelmed. I don't think, I think there's a line I like I've discovered in my life that there's a line and that I can, and you have, you figure out the line by living well that you, that you get to a point, well I'm Coming everywhere was the line.


That was too much. Right. That because that was, That was your tour. That was the last tour. And that was, we leave Monday and we do shows Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, You know, like that that, and that was week after week. And that, that was a lot, that was too much. This tour that I've been on this year is like, this weekend I'm in Eugene, Vancouver and Denver. That's it. Thursday, Friday, Saturday. Yeah. I'm home. I'm home that night. Right. The next week. Cleveland, Buffalo, Toronto. It's like three, three shows. Three nights. Right. That's a much more manageable right. Way to live. Yeah. But I, I had to figure it out. Production too. It production. There's no way to deal to work in production where I'm writing, producing, I'm directing some of them I'm in.


There's no way to do that without being busy. But it's also condensed amount of time. That's what I like about productions is that you, You only have a few weeks. You see your end date. Yeah. You like, we're done here. Right. So we just have to make it happen. So I mean, it'll be a very busy six weeks for me, but it also will be Over. And when are you planning, when is that gonna get out on Netflix? My thought is that It would probably be in the spring I think. I think so. I'm sure that'll conversation. That's exciting. But I'm so fucking stoked for it, dude. Like, it, it, we got a great group together to write it. I love that. I get to work with Romy. I'm working with Jeremy Connor and, and just a great crew. And like we're casting here in the next couple weeks.


We're the thing that, one of the things I'm honestly super proud of is that I got them to let me do the show in Austin. Ah. And we're gonna have Austin production, Austin crew. We're casting Austin actors. So it's like a real Austin production, you know. Ah. So that, that to me was like very fun. I was like, I don't want to go move to Atlanta to do this. Right. Like I wanna do at home. I sleeping. There's gotta be plenty of actors here. Oh For sure. There's actors here and also that, and we are doing Austin locations. Like we're just shooting all over the city. But I think that's fucking cool. That's pretty dope, dude. Yeah. That's Exciting. It's a wild show. When you see this stuff, you're gonna be like, you're fucked up man. I can't Wait. Yeah. I'm excited. Yeah. I'm So when do you start?


Our first shoot day is October 7th I think. Yeah. Wow. It's not long From now. Six weeks of chaos. Six weeks of chaos. And then There's something about having a goal to like a, a thing that you're working towards. It just changes your mindset. Yeah. It's You know. I think this has helped with like, even like I was telling the focus of like nutrition and health and like You know the discipline of that bleeds into the discipline of the writing and like getting these meetings done and like You know it all comes together. Yeah. When I was getting ready to do my live special, knowing that There was a date that this had to be done and then it was only on one night. Yeah. So it was like this like super hyper focus of getting ready for something like that.


Yeah. And when I did it, I was like, after was over, I was like, I wanna do that again. Really? Like Yeah. Yeah. I was, at first I was like, I'm gonna do this one time and I'm never gonna fucking do this again. 'cause this is a ridiculous idea to be able to do something live to millions of people on Netflix. But you enjoyed the experience. I Liked it, But You like the, the heightened pressure. I like it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I like it. I like it a lot. Yeah. I like it too much. Well that's kind of how I am about being Busy. Have you ever thought about doing a live special? Never. Never thought about It. You should do it. You think so? Yep. I think everybody should do it. Yeah. Everybody's good. You got, you do good shows. You do great sets for You know headlining sets.


Just get it dialed in to where You know How that Moves and let's fucking go. Yeah. And just bust that motherfucker out for the whole world. And you don't have to do edit editing That. I'll tell you. I fucking hate. Ooh. It's the worst You know the last one they called me and they go, so we're gonna have to change your release date 'cause you won't watch this. I don't. It's like Oh. yeah. Fuck man. I always have that problem. I don't wanna watch me. I know either. I don't want to. I fucking hated it. Yeah. and I was like, and I, it's gross. Then I told them I wanted the show that they were like, no, not that. I go, yeah, no, I want this show. And they were like, what about the other show? I go, I don't want that show. And then everyone was like, I go, you asked me to fucking watch it. I watched it. Well That's gotta be you, you can't have anybody giving you advice. No, I don't.


I don't agree. I think if a comic is gonna put out a special, but shouldn be that comic special and what that comic thinks should be on that special. Yeah. And that's it. I don't want No, I remember Robbie and Bill Burr were arguing in the parking lot of the comedy store and Robbie was drunk and Bill Burr was like, Hey, I'm not gonna fucking argue with you about what my fucking act is while you are drunk at the comedy store. And it was this like incredible moment. I'm like, yeah, that's how it's supposed to be. You're not supposed to have someone tell you Yeah. What the fuck you're gonna put in your act. Sure. Like, do You know how to do comedy? Yeah. No, you don't do comedy. Right. Shut the fuck up. You shut the fuck up. This is crazy. This is a crazy conversation. Yeah. It's, I mean, I dunno, But everybody wants to get in there.


I know. That's the problem with like, if you were doing your show, it's a problem with doing anything. Like, imagine if you did your mom's house and you had a bunch of people you were Working for. That's, it's a great analogy. I mean Yes. It's especially your mom's house live Oh my God. That well, yeah. That wouldn't work. Which I was at Fear Factor for six years. Yeah. and I fucking gagged so hard watching that show I had to turn away. I know. Three or four times. and I've dry heaved a lot doing that. It's so gross. I know. You're right. I mean, no one would let you do it, but yet it's hugely successful. It's totally true. I mean, notes wise I'll say this like, you know, 'cause I, I experienced this with the, with the book. I wrote a book, you know, a year ago or whatever is like the first time you get notes on anything, a script or anything.


You're like, what the fuck is this? Right. And then when you do encounter notes of value, 'cause there are notes that are sure that you go like, that was a good, that was a good note. You have to be able to balance. 'cause what ends up happening the way to really, I think handle it is you li you listen to all of them, but you also have to be able to go, I, I hear what you're saying on this. Yeah. and I totally disagree. Right. You can't, when it's hard to do when you're like starting out. Right. because You just like, it's Impossible because you just can't. But once you kind of know yourself and what you're trying to do, you get to go like Oh. yeah. That's a good, I I know what you're going for there. I don't wanna do that. Right. And so I'm not Yeah. But your other note was great and I, But could you imagine if like you decided that like doing your mom's house was too difficult.


So you're gonna bring in some Hollywood executives to help you. Oh my God. Oh my God. Some actual Hollywood producers that do like keeping up with the Kardashians or something and they're gonna, they're gonna help you produce your mom's house. I mean, I had the the fucking that that's so farfetched that like, You know, it's like It would be such a fucking shit show. It would be terrible. It would be terrible. It would be Terrible. But isn't it interesting that it's so popular? Yeah. That like, but people, once it becomes popular, then they would want to get in on it. And How here's how we can make it better. Better. Yeah. Yeah. Tone. Tighten it up. Yeah. Figure out a way to make it. So can you imagine somebody telling you how to run this thing? It'd be impossible. Yeah. I can't even take, I don't even when someone asks me to put someone on, even if I would want to put that person on now, I don't wanna put 'em on Just because they asked you.


Yeah. I don't, I don't want, I don't want to get into that. I only want to have people on the show that I wanna have on the show. And that's it. That's the only way I've ever done it. That's the only way I want to do it. Somebody asked me just like a week ago, a guy stopped me and he was like, I have a question about podcasting. and I go, what? He goes, how do you, what's the like criteria for asking someone to be a guest and I go, what do you mean? He goes like, what? Like what do you check off and I go somebody I wanna talk to. Yeah. Like, that's the, he goes that it, I go, that's it. That's it. That that's what I wanna do. That's the beautiful thing about what we're doing. And the beautiful thing about today, there's never been a time like that where something can reach fucking millions and millions of people.


Mm. And it's just, I wanna talk to that guy. Yeah. Like, this guy doesn't think the moon landing's real. Come on in, come in Here. Let's, let's talk let's, he hit that fucking hummus cannon guy on that, that nutty dude. That dude. And and the funny thing is, We were exchanging videos of him before that. Remember We were like, Oh. yeah. Look at this guy. Is that guy for real? Like, what do you think is going on? He's for real. So that's really who he is. That's who he is. Yeah. You, You sure There's not like A little bit of he Understands he gets Will Blu Feld. He gets that. There's an angle with whi with which people are seeing this through and he understands the humor in it. Right. But it's based in, for him, an authentic point of view.


For sure. So he's trying to get straight guys to do gay stuff. He Would say, that's fucking gay. Or to not do that stuff. Yeah. This is Spartan Ality. The greatest thing you can do is fill another guy up with cu It's like one of his quotes. Yeah. What's funny about that is that that used to be how Warriors Live. That's what he talks about all the time. Yeah. He, and he's pretty well versed in like, Spartan History Samurai. And he'll know these li he's like, he'll, here's, here's the literature. He'll, he'll show You like, and I think, look the the real, if you wanna like, break down what he's doing, I think a big part of what he's doing is trying to trick Guys into fucking him. That's one big one of them. The other one is, you know, shedding this masculinity is only this like, that's like the origin of it, right.


That like, that You know you don't have to be this way in order to be ma or like guys are whatever. So many guys are super homophobic. It is like the, that's like the footsteps of all this starting. And then I think You know, I think he's very aware of humor and he, he, he has to be, he totally Calls a dick a hummus cannon. Oh, It's great. I mean, yeah. And, and yeah. Your wonderful Yeah. Starfish receptacle or something like Yeah. Whatever he says. Yeah. Your dirt Hole, Whatever he calls it. Yeah. Yeah. Saw all types of where you gotta lick each other's nipples if you're a real man. Yeah. you know, but yeah, he, he knows what he's doing. I think he knows what he's doing. How many guys are sucking his dick because of those videos. A couple that have probably been like, am I straight now?


I Just, I did what you said. I don't know man. But that's the thing. Like if someone gets enough followers, there's gonna be You know, out of every 1000 people, my favorite, there's a guy that you can talk into at being in a Cult. My favorite is this guy right now, fancy chef, where he's like, I don't know. He's, he's just po I haven't sent you fancy chef videos. No. He's just like in his kitchen and he's in a chef's outfit with the hat. And then he's just, he's he, he'll put like strawberries in a glass. He's like beautiful and nice. Look at this, look at the shit I just made. Like you just put strawberries in a glass. But he, he keeps, and he's like, book me, call me right now. Millionaires and billionaires only. And he does this whole pitch about how he's like a world class chef and you just keep watching.


You're like, am I getting trolled or is this is what's going on Here? Is this a delusional person or is this a subtle troll? That's exactly what you do. And then the more you watch, you're like, oh no, he is delusional for sure. But, But meanwhile being delusional can get you pretty fucking fucked. It can, it can. And like He, so he is cooking food. What's the food on the left, left right there. What is that? What has he got going on there? I can't hear. Looks like chicken. Let that bake. That's beautiful. and I beautiful On There. That's gonna give you the flavor. Love. That's Beautiful. Well, he just laid fucking time on top of it. I don't know that that's gonna do anything. And your stomach, I'm telling you that's going to be a deliverance when I tell you that's going still make you scream Michelle.


That's gonna say a lot to you. And he goes between this, there's a lot of wine glasses. Like he's always putting something in a glass. And then day, look at the top comment day 2 38 of not knowing whether this channel is satire. Like, It's like, Jamie, I'm gonna send you a guy that I'm addicted to. I'm addicted to this dude. It's, I can't get enough BS dining experience. And all this dude does is deep fry food. That's it. But it, it just does it with ssm. Excited. Yeah. Outdoors. Gimme some volume. Go down and get the chicken. Not the snake. The snake's disgusting. Go down and get some of that chicken. Listen this, hold it up.


Gimme this You know about grade to baptize inside that Grease. He yeah, he baptizes it into the grease. Everything's getting Baptized. That's a lot of chicken Oh. yeah. He's cooking for like parties. Watch this, Baptize that chicken season to perfection. Watch this. Watch Hit that grease. You want roll and watch this, Watch this, watch this. Baptism. Oh, You mentioned how good that is, dude. Oh my god. I get so hungry. And watch when he puts it out Is Golden brown. Watch this. Real watch this Watch. He pulls it out. Oh my god. Down for another seven minutes. We gonna drop the next batch. And they come On. Come on, look at him. Look at that. Look at that. We gonna speak Juice young inside. See to perfection. and I.


See y batch number two. And he does this with everything. He does it with fish. Like go to go back to his page, to his actual page so you could see all the different, yeah. So he's got all kinds of shit. Like, look, he's doing crabs and fish. Look at this. It's all deep fried. Terrible for you. Yeah. Looks amazing. Looks, Can I tell you Waffles and everything? if You were like donut, what's the decadent thing you kind of want to indulge in? Where I'm like when it's done Well, I don't know that anything is makes me happier. But fried chicken. Fried chicken at Roscoe's with waffles with butter and syrup and you get a little piece of the chicken, a little piece of the waffle, sensational Fried chicken where the crisp is done perfectly and the chicken isn't dry.


Like it's still juicy. Oh That, that's why that guy's stuff looks so good. Oh my gosh. Like a Juicy fried chicken Oh. yeah. I don't know there's anything more Satisfying. I know I got Colonel Sanders the other day. Yeah. Not another day. About seven months ago. I was just driving and I was hungry. Like chicken's probably pretty safe. Let me pull in, get some fried chicken. It just tasted like poison. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, What's in this Oh? yeah. What kind of oil are you guys using? When was the last time you cleaned the oil At KFCA? Random KFC in the middle of nowhere. So I've had some KFC. That's really good. Like there used to be a KFC in Woodland Hills. I used to get every now and then I wanted to cheat. I'd go in there and get some fucking bucket of chicken. Let's Go.


Fried chicken Is so good. Yeah, so good with hot sauce on it. Oh baby. But this one, the one iss terrible much. Do you, you have an unnatural tolerance for hot sauce, don't you? Yes. Is this genetic? I think it is. 'cause my daughter has it. I have one daughter that did. You haven't like trained up to it or you have kind of, I think I've trained up to it too. Yeah. But one daughter is like, one Daughter just can take anything and she's fine. Yeah. She loves it. She's like really hot stuff. Like I brought her some of that Senor Lechuga. I have a partnership with Senor Lechuga and we make some crazy hot sauce. There's like Reapers in it and yeah, it's potent. She's just no problem. That, so that is kind of, that's it Has to be genetic Part. Yeah. 'cause I've been with you and I've been like, what? Talking about, you're like, that's fine.


I'm like, that's not fine. No one else is fine. Yeah. I'd fuck up that hot wing show. I can, I can get down. I Think you would. I can get down. Yeah. He's, He's the best. Shawn, I love Sean Evans. He's great. I just don't want to answer questions while I'm eating hot sauce. Yeah. Just doesn't make any sense. But I, I can get down with some ferocious shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've seen it. I'm like this a camp. Just be like natural. No, no. I mean like, it's natural. But I'm saying that's not everybody. No. I think there's some genetic and then there's some buildup to it. Right. But I like it. I like, I like, I like a no, I like a, I like kick but I don't like that I like Woo. Really? I like woof. And you don't feel like it. I start sweating my, my daughter makes fun of me. 'cause I literally, I do too.


Literally pouring down my face. Yeah. She's like, what the fuck is wrong with You? like doing Your head. I start sweating but I start sweating way lower. My clothes are wet. Like everything. I love it on eggs. Oh. Yeah. Some eggs. Yeah. I put in your lechuga on my eggs this morning I had eggs with elk sausage from breakfast. Babe, you want some milk sausage? I got some. Yes. Ooh, I hook you up. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna leave here. I'll give you a bunch. Okay. I got a commercial freezer back there filled with. Okay, I'll, I'll definitely take Some. Yeah. Oh, elk sausage is so Good man. And it's just like ready to frozen. I just, is it? Yep. Frozen. And I got this jalapeno cheddar. What's the best way to prepare that elk sausage. I Like it on a skillet. Okay. I like it. I do it on a, on a Traeger too. I do it on the pellet grill.


That's good too. You can get it to a certain temperature. I like that too. I do it real slow. I'll do it like 225 degrees and get it up to like 134 internal and then pull it. Yeah. But it's as long as you don't overcook it because they do add like A little bit of pork fat when they make it for me. 'cause I get it prepared at like a, a butcher shop. But you do, you're dealing with a much leaner meat. It's You know. So you can dry it out. Yeah, you can dry it out. You know. And there's like a fine line. You want it like Right. Where medium Rare is. That's why I do, I love using my, my app Pellet Grill. Oh, Pellet Grills are great. Yeah, it's great. Yeah. And they're so easy. The, I got a, the newest Trager, I had the old one, but the newest one is so much better.


It's incredible. Really? Yeah. It's just, it makes everything smokier. The effect is better. The, the flavor's better. It's easier to use. It's got two different probes for temperature. Just like it alerts you on your app. Yeah. The app is great. You lower and raise the temperature on the app. I know I went out. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I left the house with the boys. Just check the Yeah, you see the temperature, the food, you can see the temperature of the grill. Great. And you could say You know what, it's getting a little close. Lemme drop that bitch down to 180. Yeah. And Bang. It's incredible. Yeah. Incredible technology. Well it's just so easy to use. I I still like an offset smoker too though. I got, I have a real offset smoker that I got that is better.


The thing about the real offset smoker, it's much more of a pain in the ass. But there's certain sugars that you get from the wood, the wood itself. Like a real piece of mesquite, a real piece of post oak. And you set a little fire underneath there with little sticks and you get it built up and then you dial it in with the dampers. It's like a thing. It's like a lot of work. Yeah. But the flavor is even more intense. I know. I get so seduced by these videos of people doing things. and I found this, I forget what company it is makes this like Argentine. I got One of those too. Grill Works The where they wheel it. Yeah. Over the fire and I. Got you. Want you eat one of those. I want one of those Grill Works. Yeah. I want go to Grill Works.


I want one of those. This dude Grill works. Ben, he, he hooked me up and I, I had one installed at my house. Oh. But it's the same thing. Cranking up. That is great for Steaks. Yeah. Just like watching that video, I was like Oh. yeah, because it's the same thing. You just using hardwood. So you just got hardwood cooking. You get those flames rising up. Look at that. Look at that dude. There's a place. Oh This is, this is the the thing that I'm looking Up. Yeah, exactly. Well that's our, the place in Vegas. This is it. Bizarre Meets Jose Andres's place. Yeah. That's what they use. I Want one of these that I'll get you. I'll hook you up. Really? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll have that guy make you one. Fuck yes dude. You'll love it. They're the shit. They're the shit. The steak. That's nothing Better. Oh. yeah, it's incredible Fire. And they have a of different ones.


They can either do a custom build or they can just have one like that that's already made. They roll it into your backyard. Yeah. Fucking incredible. That's so cool. And if you dial it in right, if you use meat probes and you slowly cook it and then sear it at the end, Nothing better. But It has that flavor. Like that place Bizarre Meats in Vegas. Shout out To Jose, man. Shout out to Jose. Jose. Andre is the shit, Bro. How crazy was what happened to him in, in Israel With, with his World Central Kitchen. Yeah. Folks. Yeah. It looks like they targeted Them. It's horrible man. Didn't they kill like six people? A bunch of people died. Yeah. Who are just trying to feed refugees. It fucking sucks.


How crazy is that? It sucks. So, and those guys are just, they go, people don't know World Central Kitchen just goes anywhere. There's a disaster. Yeah. Like hurricane tornadoes, You know earthquakes, near war zones. The invasion of Ukraine. Yeah. They were setting up outside the border And they're just like, people need to eat. That's, there's not, they're not like politically siding with anyone. Nope. They're just feeding people. They're not even publicizing it. Yeah. He's just doing it. And then people write stories about the fact that he's doing it. It's incredible. He's genuine. Yeah. He's like there's, there's genuine people that are really filled with the like real philanthropy. Like really want to help people. Yeah. And that's that guy. Yeah. And his food is insane. Oh my God. That bizarre Meats in Vegas is like so underrated.


And He has a one in DC It starts with a JI forget. It's so fucking good. All Spanish. Mm. Like always like his food. I think. Think He's got one in Chicago too. Yeah, he is. Got a bunch. But they're, yeah, he, he doesn't miss that dude's food is amazing. He's the best. Tommy Buns. You're the fucking man. Thanks brother. Thanks for doing this brother. Yeah, of course. Thanks for having me. So when your show comes out, come back, do it again. We'll promote it. I would Love to see. Thank you so much My. Pleasure. All. Alright. Bye everybody. Check on the baseball stuff. Oh, check on the baseball stuff real quick. Just a quick check. Good call. Good call. All right. Open up Google High School baseball. Come on. Or what was the other one you said? Humidors? Yeah, humidors and high school Baseball. Nope. Most, mostly.


Shit I already look at. Phones. Cars. Halle Berry. Yep. Boxers. Michael Jordan didn't work? Nope. Not yet. Maybe tomorrow. Maybe tomorrow. Maybe Tomorrow. Maybe eventually I'll send, You'll Send you right now it seems like all the same stuff that we always talk about. Yeah. Yeah. I will definitely. Science black hole. Stephen Colbert. All right. Thank Jim. Bye everybody.