
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Gentlemen, Thank you for being here. Please introduce yourselves, Eric. Good. Jeremy McBride. And you guys, did you guys both do Tiger King as well? Yeah. I mean, I kind of came in towards the tail end. I remember meeting you about this. Keep it, This, this close to your face. Okay. Yeah. It's okay. You can Scoot your Yeah, it moves and stuff. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I, I met Eric kind of towards the tail end of filming Tiger King.


Yeah. That was kind of the first experience I had with You guys, like, struck lightning with that. 'cause it came right at the pandemic where everyone's locked at home and everyone was like, what the fuck is going on with these guys? Yeah, Yeah. Captive cats and captive audience And just crazy people. And, and then your new show Chimp Crazy is like, basically along the same vein. And it is so odd how nutty these animal people are, these people that have captive animals at their home. It's such a bizarre, it, there's there, I, I would like to see like a psychologist, like a clinical psychologist, do an examination of what type of personality wants to have these enormous wild animals captive in their homes.


Yeah, no, for sure. It's, it's incredible. And of course, that's what's interests us, because You know I'm an animal guy, but You know you have to have interesting people to tell a good story. Well, We are animals. That's, We are animals. That's the, the weird part about it, we're this bizarre animal Yeah. That likes to keep animals in cages. And some people think we should have been in the same genus as apes. Yeah. You know. But of course, there's something called religion and dominion. And of course You know we're not animals, we're not apes. Well, we certainly are. I mean, those people, they, they still believe in religion.


But, you know, the reality of observable science is also there. So unfortunately, You know we're just a weird animal. We're the fucking weirdest ones. But the show chimp crazy. I'm, I just finished episode three last night and we got to number four and my daughter wanted to watch number four. I'm like, I don't think I could do it. I go, I was so bummed out after episode three. I was like, oh my God. The, I mean, I don't wanna give away anything for people who haven't watched this series yet. I highly recommend it. It's really fucking good. But episode three Man is, it's like, it's like there's something about, first of all, this is one of the rare times where I'm fully, fully with peta.


When You're You know, it's like when you side with PETA on things, it's like You know. Like, this is, this has gotta be an egregious example of something absolutely horrific. And you know, the one situation where the woman who was so drunk kept the chimp and then attacked her daughter. And the, the whole thing is like, at the end of the show, I was like, oh my God, I don't know if I could keep doing this. Yeah. No. It's interesting you mention peta because I'm not fully aligned with PETA on a number of things. But in this case, I, I am aligned with peta. But just to touch on Peta You know, You know I work with reptiles and I try to save turtles and tortoises, which actually are the most endangered group of animals along with primates.


If you turtles and tortoises, Really, if you think about the percentage that are on the brink of extinction, over half of primates are on the brink of extinction. And over half of turtles and tortoises. I Had no idea. But where I, I'm not aligned with peta is when you have to make a choice between You know, eradicating a rat that's killing off the last Galapagos tortoises, or, or eradicate a mongoose that was introduced, that's killing off You know an iguana in the Caribbean. I will make that choice. Peta basically views it as the rat has rights just as much as the tortoise. And I'd like to have the tortoise around for future generations. So, so I'm not always aligned with peta, but in this case, yes.


Well, they, they have a background with the animal liberation organization, which essentially doesn't think that any animals should be captive. and I, I do understand their point, but then you have Carl, how do you, how's Carl gonna not have an owner? How is, how's little Carl over there not gonna be fed? I mean, do you want French bulldogs to go extinct? 'cause they will, they can't even breed. If you did a poll and asked how many people at peanut that keep dogs, it's like 95%. Which is crazy. So it's a little hypocritical if they don't want people to have pets. Well, You know. It's one of those things, it's like the how it starts and how it's going.


you know, like what, what, where did it start from? You know it. Start and I see their look. All dogs are a, a horrible mis justice that's been done to wolves. Like we, somehow or another, we have become friends with wolves and turn them into these strange things. But the reality of life in 2024 is we have dogs. You know and You know dogs need owners and they, they love you. And they, it's a great relationship. Like, but It's in their genetics. Right? I mean, they've been thousands, Thousands of years. Right. It's like saying that we should be going back to chimps. Sure. We should live in the jungle.


We should, we should live in trees. Which is also crazy. What is it, Erica? We are chimps are more like chimps than we are human is That chimps are closer to us than they are gorillas. 'cause we are the sub family of chimpanzees, which are called hominins. And yes, chimpanzees are closer, closely related to us, more than any other ape. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. But it's You know, back to what you said a minute ago about making these movies. I just wanna touch on You know why we do this. 'cause a lot of people miss the point of Tiger King. Even there's a point. Yeah. There was a point. I think I missed it. Well, We were really trying to get Joe exotic elected president.


That was the point. No, but the point was that a lot of docs man, are great and they, they are really informative, but they preach to the converted people that already know the issue. you know, like the cove or, and they're great. Right. And You know what we wanted to do is preach to people that dunno about the issue. So you had to cast, you had to get a lot of eyeballs on it to make a difference. Right, right. So that was sort of the goal of both Tiger King and Chimp. Crazy in the end. Well, but I think he definitely did that. I mean, I, I had a joke in one of my earlier comedy specials about Texas and Tigers and I don't know that the statistics, but there's no more tigers in captivity in Texas than all the wild of the world.


Yeah. In private collections. Wow. We were talking about not in zoos, in people's yards. Yeah. There's these wacky people that have fucking tigers in their backyards. Yeah. And there's a lot of, there's thousands of tigers in Texas that are in people's yards. Yeah. Yeah. That statistic has been going around for a long time. That may change. But yes. They used to say there's more than 3000 tigers in Texas and there's less than 3000 tigers in the wild. Yeah. Yeah. They think there's 5,000 in Texas. Yeah. Yeah. Believe it. Well, you know, there's also other animals that are in Texas that are exotics, like ter orx, which is very rare in the wild.


Yeah. And is endangered in the wild, but is so common in Texas that you can hunt them. Yeah. And they have them on these enormous ranches, You know, 30,000, 50,000 acres. And they're wild. But they live wild. I don't have a problem with that. Yeah. Like, if they could figure out a way to actually ensure that tigers could be kept in a 60,000 acre preserve, and You know you had adequate funding to where the, the fences were completely monitored every day to make sure that they don't get out and kill people. You're talking about a different thing. But what you're mostly getting is small enclosures of tortured animals who are fed cold meat.


And that is not what they want. It's not what nature intended them. They're the cleanup crew. They're everything that has a limp. Anything that's slow. They, they keep populations down. They make sure there's not an overpopulation problem of undulates. That's what tigers do. That's, that's what they do in the wild. And so they're all of their instincts, everything, their essence of their being is all stifled by being captive. You know We. were talking about giraffes. That they're the only animal that I don't have a problem with at the zoo because they're so chill. Yeah. They're so chill. Babies feed them. When my daughters were young, we'd take 'em to the zoo and you could hold a piece of lettuce and the giraffe with this giant fucking head that's like, as big as this table would come over and gently take the lettuce with their tongue.


And we are so confident that they have no aggression towards people, that we allow little babies to feed giraffes. Yeah. Giraffes don't seem to have a problem at the zoo. They, they seem to be totally relaxed with it. Yeah. But there's a lot of animals where it's nothing but torture. Yeah, yeah. No, for sure. and I think it's incredible that in the day that we live in 2024, that and the consciousness of the You know the culture that we still keep certain animals in zoos that really are miserable. Yeah. You know, those are things like You know the whales and cean and Yes. And elephants are not happy in zoos and Monkeys. Yeah. And most, and most primates are not happy in zoos.


And they Yes. and I think there are animals that lend themselves more, I like to say to being in captivity Yes. Than Like, giraffes. I think giraffes is the only example. Yeah. Or a or a giant tortoise maybe. Yeah. That's a good example too. Solitary. That's good example too. Solitary. Well, even at just animals that just don't, they're just happy that there's no predators. Sure. And then they're relaxed. Yeah. But the last time I went to a zoo, my daughters were, they were younger, but not, not like babies. And We were in Denver. And I was there for a gig. And we, we went to the zoo and Oh man, to this day it haunts me.


Yeah. There's this primate enclosure. And this one monkey was just screaming, just screaming like in agony, like being tortured, just, Ah, Just holding onto the bars and screaming because he was by himself and just the, this tiny little cage and There was nowhere to go. And people just staring at him all day. Yeah. And he was just losing his fucking mind. I'm like, I don't want to do this anymore. I can't. 'cause I felt super hypocritical because I, I've always had like an issue because it's animal prison. It's animal prison for animals that did nothing wrong. You Know, I was at the, the Singapore Zoo once, which is a good zoo for zoos in Asia.


It's one of the best zoos, maybe the best zoo along with a Taipei zoo. But There was a polar bear at the Singapore Zoo. You know this is like 95% humidity, 90 degrees. And it was green 'cause it was covered in a film of algae. Oh. And so the polar bear was literally a green. And you just say to yourself like, let's just, you know, if you have a zoo in Alaska, you could maybe have a polar bear, but Phoenix, Arizona, Singapore. But Even if you have a zoo in Alaska, polar bears are the one bear that doesn't need anything but animals. So polar bears are extraordinarily predatory. And they have hunting instincts.


Yeah. So all day they just wanna roam and hunt. Yeah. And I was, when I used to, I drove limos for a while and I had this gig once in New Hampshire and I was on my way home. and I stopped just because I, I had, I do this job where I dropped somebody off, it was a few hours away. And on the way back I got lunch and I saw this, this zoo. So lemme just check this zoo out. and I went to the zoo. There's this little shitty zoo in like, somewhere in, I think it was in Massachusetts. And There was this polar bear and this tiny little enclosure just going in circles. Like he was fucking crazy. Just going in circles. Tiny little enclosure. and I was like, what is, why is this okay?


Like what, what, what is this? This is not a life. This is terrible. It's terrible. We, this, this current, there's another project we've been working on for equal Time to Chi Crazy. And you've been spending more time in over 10 years, which loosely covers the exotic animal, wildlife trade, international wildlife trade. And through that interest, we've had this incredible opportunity to explore all of these You know moral truths about American zoos. For us, one thing that was sued deeply fascinating, I think There was something like 242 accredited zoos in this country.


750 million people visit zoos annually, which is more than the five major sporting events combined. Wow. The, the way in which zoos function, there's, it's like the 80 20 rule. There's five or 10 that contribute the majority of the income that cover most of the mizzou's. And they run like entertainment complexes, like amusement parks. And very little money goes back into conservation. Now, there's a lot of zoos that are doing great stuff. and I, I think the, the things that we're learning about is the educational value of zoos for kids is no longer as what they intended it to be. I think there's great things that they do, but there's not, there's nothing proven around You know zoos are a educational facilities for Animals.


Animals. Well, what really rocked zoos was the film Blackfish. Blackfish. Yeah. And they, and they suddenly went, wait a minute. Yeah. The Public doesn't like us. And they started putting into effect all these kind of new programs for animal welfare. And particularly for bears. Like polar bears, like what you just mentioned. And they have a new word. It's not so new anymore called enrichment, which means that you give a bear something to do. So it doesn't do what you were just saying. You put their food in ice. So they have to work to get it out. You put their food in a ball, you make them have to do things. Mm. But you know, that was the big shakeup for zoos in terms of animal welfare. And, and now You know, of course they're, it's still evolving and zoos are scared when they see Tiger King and even chimp Crazy.


But Joe's daughter's grandkids will still see orcas at SeaWorld. Do you think so? Yeah. I mean, 'cause the, well, they Live a long time. That's, They have a long time. And the She You know, Maybe not granddaughters, but, Okay. But I, I I say it more. Yeah. I am You know. I I have little boys. I have a 4-year-old and a 1-year-old. and I think it's particularly interesting to kind of go through this experience 'cause they're obsessed with animals. And you're, you're kind of educating them on these kind of moral issues surrounding animals, the anthropomorphic characters that are created to describe the feelings and where they should live and how they should feel. And kids relate with them in, in some form of a bridge to humanity. I, I believe, and we You know you ask this fundamental question when you go to the zoo, Hey, where did all the animals come from?


No one really begs to think that question. Well, That he's, where he is going right now is the sort of a big part of our, our next documentary, which is about You know the illegal animal trade Yeah. But also zoos We. were complicit in that for a very long time. Maybe still. So anyway, sort of going's Yeah, No, I'm, but but the zoo thing. I mean, you're, you're into, I I I you get emotional on this. and I, I I I what's really cool about the, this kind of medium that we're in You know, we have access to all these, all this information and all these people over large decades of, of work in conservation and zoos and peta and legislation laws. It's really enc I just love the idea of synthesizing this information to a point in today's context, which is, yeah.


It's, when you go to a zoo, no one seems to ask where the animals comes from. Right. You know, it's, it's, it is a very You know simple idea that many people miss the point of when they go there. Now, I, I'm not anti zoo totally either. You know and I have no real position or credibility to also suggest that. But I do think I'm, I'm interested in asking those questions of what we can do to make these institutions better. Yeah. I mean, for sure. They should be bigger. I mean, there should be a size requirement. There should be, you should have to have a certain amount of acres for each individual species so that they don't like We, were talking about the chimp enclosure at the LA Zoo. They bite each other's fingers off and they need space.


You know they need space and they need activities. And ideally what we should do is emulate their wild existence. But then you have this moral question of, are we, are we gonna let goats in in, into the tiger cage and just let them sort it out because that's really what they want. Yeah. you know, what lions want to do is chase down a wild debe and eat it. Yeah. And instead what we do is we slide a tray underneath their cage. And that's torture for them. It really is, it's torture for them to have an enclosed space where it's small, it's torture for them to not be able to express their natural instincts. I mean, there's, it's one thing if you're talking about something like the thine Right.


Where they, they kept him in captivity and the, the last known survivors and you had this thing and like, wow, now we have video of this thing, and now it doesn't exist anymore. Yeah. So the zoos were like the last hope to try to keep this thing from going extinct. And it may not be extinct. There's a lot of Yeah. Seed banks. Yeah. The Tasmanian tiger. Yeah. I was eerie footage of the last ones. Yeah. They, they think there might actually be living specimens that are alive and You know there's well in this state, they're Bringing them back. But I know You know Forest Gallant and I was Just about to bring up for, I also have colleagues that have gone looking for Thylacines in the Highlands in New Guinea so far. Yeah. People anecdotally say, yes, there might be a thine. Right.


But I, it's unlikely. But there might be. But yeah. Well, they're very hard to find. I mean, like, try finding a wolverine. You know there's Wolverine. Populations are pretty healthy, but good, good luck finding one. Mm Yeah. They're very, very, very difficult to find. Yeah. Unless you spend an enormous amount of time alone in the bush. Yeah. Good point. Yeah. So, and then you're dealing with th scenes, you're dealing with a very unpopulated area that's extremely hostile to people. But there are anecdotal sightings and hopefully that thing does exist. and I would, I would love for Forest to be the guy who finds it. 'cause he spent so much time looking for it. But other than a dying species, I can't see a good argument for keeping these things.


Yeah. It used to be that a zoo existed before There was videos. Right. So if you wanted to find out about a lion You know the only way a child could see a lion was to go to the zoo and go, oh my God, that's a lion. Look at that. Look at that lion. Oh. And the kids are, and it is educational for children, but at what cost? And is there, are there better resources now? and I think video is a much better resource. It's much better to see lions in the wild. Yeah. No, no. I mean, of course zoos were originally created just, it was like good civic planning, you know, 150, 200 years ago. Like You know to have a park, a zoo, a library when you're building a city.


Right. So they were really just built as, you know, a good city needs to have a zoo. It's it's entertainment. And they weren't really designed to be You know, have anything to do with conservation. Right. Or anything to do with animal welfare. But yeah. Today, like you mentioned the orx here in Texas, you know, there are species that have either gone what we call biologically extinct, which means that one animal can't find another, they're virtually extinct, or they are extinct in the wild. And zoos may offer some hope for those animals where they can put them into what's called assurance colonies and try to maintain You know genetically diverse groups in a zoo for the day.


That one day you could return it to the wild. Right. You know there may be a reason to have animals in captivity. How much success has there been in returning animals to the wild though? Well, You know where we live in. You Did it, but you just said it with the eastern box turtle in New Jersey. No, no, no. Back to like, oh, Reiling, the example he's talking about is re like California condors. Oh, okay. California condors. See, see? Or black-footed ferrets I see. Or animals that, you know, I mean the, whatever it's called. There's, there's a endemic horse that they've done some work with, but yeah. It's You know much less than, but shouldn be putting animals back into the wild that went extinct or went virtually extinct much less than but shouldn be.


Yeah. But shouldn, I mean, but shouldn be a priority if you For sure. With certain animals spec specifically. Yeah. you know, I'm trying to think of a really good success story of an animal that went back into the wild. And it was really successful California condors, the problem is they've reintroduced them into the Great Grand Canyon in Arizona. There was, when I was young in the seventies, There was maybe 28 of them left in the wild. They brought them into captivity. Today, there's probably You know hundreds in the wild, but at a very expensive price tag. Because what made them go extinct in that case was the lead bullets that You know kill a deer.


The condor would eat the deer and then die from the lead. So the condors You know that, to use that example, there's just a lot of management to keep them alive in the wild. I think there's some dispute about that. About which part? About whether or not it's the lead from the bullets that was killing them. I mean, that's what they say. But maybe, Yeah, I was reading something recently about that, that it just doesn't, doesn't make sense. It doesn't attribute to the, the, the, if you think about the number of animals that are shot with a bullet that aren't recovered, it's so small. Interesting. Yeah. You know, that it's, it doesn't make sense that It would be enough to kill off these animals. And there's probably some other factors that we are not considering.


I believe that because a condor in a day, not to go off the chart on a condo, but a condor in a day can travel 400 miles in the thermals looking for You know a carcass. Right. and I would suspect that You know the fact that there's just less carcasses out there. Right. That's what I was gonna say. Might be part it Not like, I think that's the argument. Yeah. I think the argument is there's less predators and there's less prey. Yeah. Right. So you have a, a dec You know. So like California for example, like the, you have a, a fairly small deer population because you have so many animals that kill deer. Right. So you have, California has a lot of coyotes and California has a lot of mountain lions.


And there's a lot of people where I used to live in the hills that did not like coyotes. I'm like, do You like rats. Okay. Well if you don't like rats, you should like coyotes. Yeah. Don't leave your dog outside. Yeah. 'cause your dog's gonna get You know. And my daughter's puppy got killed by a coyote and I've had chickens killed by coyotes. Ranchers hate coyotes more than Anything. And they kill fawns. They hate, they kill. Yeah. They kill baby cows. They kill baby everything. That's just what they do. And that's their job. you know? But there's an ecosystem and that's, that's a part of the ecosystem. And what's really unnatural is ranching. But they're forever, forever. There was a bounty on coyotes where if you brought in two ears, you got like a buck and people would bring in a hundred sets of ears and get a hundred dollars.


I mean, they were vilified. When I grew up in California, there were hedge next to us, which were sheep ranchers. 'cause sheep are dom and coyotes can get sheep easier than You know calves. They would trap the coyote with those You know those horrible traps. They'd pour gasoline on 'em. They'd light 'em on fire and let them run off burning. I mean, they, they hate coyotes. They do. Which is really unfair. They, Well, they're cool. You know. They're just not cool if they eat your cat You know. But they're a fascinating animal. I mean, I, I remember when I first saw them, I moved to California in 94 and I was staying at, do You know what the Oakwood Gardens are? It's like those pre they're, they're prefu apartments that you just rent. Like people that are like sort of transient Oh.


yeah. Just moving. They allow you to like, have a place before you get a place apartment. Yeah. And I was driving, so it was in Burbank and I was driving down the street and I was like, who these fucking dogs? Like what is going on? What these dogs running around? And then I, I drove up. I I had never seen a coyote before. Oh, wow. I was like, that's a coyote. Yeah. Oh my God. There's coyotes on the streets. Yeah. And that was pretty rare then. But 30 years later, it became insanely common. I would rarely go. I lived in a fairly rural area where I lived in California. I lived about an hour outside the city. and I had a lot of acres. And it was, it was cool to live out there. But you experience a lot of wildlife and I saw coyotes almost every day.


Yeah. Yeah. Almost every day. Yeah. They look like a man g motley skinny dog. That's Right. Yeah. But they're cool. There's something cool about coyotes, but the reality of coyotes, I don't know if You know why they're so successful, but one of the reasons why is because they're the only, so red wolfs can interbreed with coyotes in that you get the coy wolf. But gray wolves do not breed with coyotes. They just kill them. And so, because the gray wolf, which lived in California and lived all over the, the west coast was the predominant predator. Calv. The coyotes had to develop a way of surviving. And the adaptation was when they call out, when they yell out in the night, and they're trying to do roll call and figure out how many guys are around when one is missing, the female will have a change to a reproductive system where she will develop more pups and then they will expand their territory.


So because they were persecuted by wolves, they expanded their territory. So now when people came in and started killing off the wolves, which they did successfully, but they were never able to, to kill off coyotes because of this trait. Hmm. So coyotes are now in every single city in the United States. Yeah. This was not the case just 30 years ago. They're what we call, there's a word for that. It's called subsidized predators. And these are animals that do better around man. And, and crows are one of those animals. Raccoons are one of them coyotes. And they're weirdly can do thrive and do better around You know human activity Yeah. Than a lot of other animals.


And so coyotes are one of those 'cause of garbage. Yeah. Because of garbage. Garbage pets because of water. We bring in, in water and, and arid areas. So they're highly adaptable creature. And Yeah. And, and just for the record, I do like coyotes and I listen to 'em almost every night, having a tailgate party behind my house. They're Cool. They're cool. And they, they interesting. They, they, they make the er and noise together. They, they, they caught something. Yeah. But you know, I'm sure you've seen that video from Woodland Hills where this man was unloading his car and a coyote came and snatched his toddler like right in front of him. Oh. yeah. It's hard. They're fucking predators. Right. And you have to be careful little things and little people and animals will get eaten by them.


And that is what they do. Like Dingoes in Australia do that. Right, Right, right. Dingo ain't my body. There's You know, there's no doubt that we live in complex ecosystems and we do not like the idea of them. We've developed these bizarre establishments called cities. And in these cities we have removed ourselves from nature. And You know, if you go to the mountains of Colorado, people are well aware of mountain lions. They're well aware of bears. They have to lock their garbage up. They have to, they have like a neighborhood email list where they talk about like, bears broken in this guy's car. And everybody's on the look. But they, they understand they're living in this system. They're living in this ecosystem.


Yeah. Most people in the United States that live in urban areas have no idea that they're in an ecosystem. 'cause we've essentially done some very bizarre stuff and isolated ourselves from nature. Yeah. Which is one of the reasons why we have this strange idea that we are not animals and that we are not a part of nature. Yeah. You know, it's, it's just weird. It's, we we're fucking weird. We're weird in our justifications. We're weird in what we allow ourselves to do. Yeah. That's back, back to the chimpanzees. That was one of the things that I just couldn't ever You know. Ex I couldn't ever connect with this woman Tanya, that kept this chimp and tried to explain to her You know that we are chimps, You know effectively.


And you know, and she just You know, took the page out of You know Genesis where she just said, You know I'm not You know we're not animals. This is an animal. and I can own it like property. Anyway, that was just one of the things I, she just never really fully understood. Well, to be kind. She's not bright. you know, she's not a bright woman, not a well-read woman. You know, unfortunately. And this seems to be part of the, the theme of all these folks, which is weird. You know. And then you got the one guy in Tiger King that's essentially running like a little sex cult. Right. That guy. Doc Antle. Yeah.


And then you've got the Tiger King himself, Joe, you got Joe exotic, who is also kind of running a strange little sex cult. But You know, he's just got all this personality and he's so interesting and fascinating. And if he wasn't in jail, it's really unfortunate You know. 'cause if he wasn't in jail, he would, he'd be a very popular person. He Hasn't even seen the show, can You? Which is amazing. Can you imagine if he was Well he's trying to get Donald Trump to, to exonerate him. And he and he, and pardon him. I mean, he was constantly after I had talked about Tiger King. Oh sure. Yeah. I get messages from that guy.


I don't know how he's giving me messages. I'm shoot, I'm assuming it's someone who works for him. Yeah. But I get messages all the time. Like, you've gotta help get him out. Put him on your podcast. Do this, do that. Like, well, He also has communication in jail. He gets a, somehow he's able to get a phone. He's doing video calls and stuff. Well, You know how it goes. Yeah. You know. But There was a moment, There was a moment when We were filming this kind of like second installment of Tiger King where we covered this, this pardon the presidential. Pardon? There was a real shot where Joe was actually on a list supposedly that Trump was gonna like a You know. Kind of hilarious. It's hilarious.


So I don't remember exactly what the specifics of his, his accusation. So was he caught trying to hire someone to whack that lady? Yeah. Was so he was twice. Yeah. Yeah. Two Counts. you know, that lady, is there any truth to this idea that she whacked her husband Carol Baskin? There's a lot of circumstantial, I wouldn't say maybe evidence, but there's, it is sort of Who else? It's not clean. Who Else? And, and it was either, it feels as if it was her or members of her family, and they were the only ones to gain.


And so Yeah. And what a great way to dispose of a body. I don't, I mean, I don't know how she disposed of the body. It's nice to, Well, you have meat grinders on the premises. You like meat grinder. Yes. You have enormous predators. You know On premises and I think feed 'em a tiger. Don't you think the only the only thing I would say, Eric, is the, the circumstances surrounding the change in the will. I mean, who, who, who alters it to account for disappearance Upon my disappearance. It's a very, very strange No one says that. Yeah. Strange Thing. Isn't there like a disparity in the handwriting as well? Yeah, we did handwriting experts. We did the entire thing. Yeah. To prove otherwise. So It's also just when she talks about it, You know. But Joe, back to back to Joe.


Joe, exotic You know, I was on the phone with him a lot up until he was convicted You know from prison. And he just was convinced he was gonna be exonerated and You know, not convicted. And they offered him, the feds offered him a deal, which was something like six or seven years. You know you can plea or you can go to court. He'd probably be out by now. Yeah. I was just gonna say he'd be out now. And so he was so convinced that he was gonna win, which is so delusional. Ah. But yeah, poor Joe would be out right now had he made that deal, by The way, how crazy is that, that you could plot to kill somebody and lay you out in four years? Like you, I know you've been locked up with a bunch of murders and thieves, but I'm sure you're a better person now.


Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's plot. It's plot and then learned intent. You know, paying someone to go do something. Right, Right. There's quite a few steps involved, But Yes, Joe's now pro-Trump. Again, he was pro Biden when Trump, he Trump didn't Yeah. Because he was trying to get Biden to pardon him. That They wouldn't touch that with a 10 foot pole. But Trump might. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially this time around. Yeah. Just for fun sake. Well, Let's hope Tanya, let's hope Tanya doesn't go to prison. I don't wish that on Tanya. I haven't seen episode four, so I don't know. But when you guys were filming again, spoiler, or please, if you're watching the series, stop right now and scoot ahead by a few minutes. When they found that Tonka was in the basement and when, when I saw they're film, when you guys are filming it, I was like, Jesus Christ.


This lady is so crazy. She's showing everybody I know it. She's, she's, she has, I know With like all due respect, she is, she just does not seem like a smart person. And she's almost like, like if you gave her an IQ test, like, and then gave a chimp an IQ test, it'd be a toss up You know. I mean, I think that's part of the problem because Yeah, I don't think this lady understands the consequences of what she's doing. Just like she doesn't understand how crazy her eyelashes look. You know, like, all of it is just, there's some fuses that are missing, some wires that aren't connected. And then because of the fact that at one point in time at least it was illegal for her to do what she was doing, and they, they become accustomed to being able to have, and then their identity revolves around, they're the person that has all the monkeys and all the chimpanzees.


It was just fucking weird. Well, It's still legal to be, it is still, it's still legal. I Thought they changed it. No, there's no federal law preventing ownership of Chimpanzees. Jesus Christ. You can own a fucking chimp Still. Correct. There's 20 or so states legally You can do it. Oh my God. I thought Missouri is one of them. Oh my God. But You know background. We, we spent about four years making this documentary series. First of all, how'd you start? How do you find out about these people? I, yeah, go ahead. I Get after Tiger King. How do you get anybody to talk to you on camera? I've done a, I've known a lot of animal people, Joe, but I did not know about Monkey Moms. And along the course of You know, making Tiger King, I started filming some monkey moms and I.


I mean, like, as you see in Chimp crazy, you just can't make them up. And so after Tiger King, I just thought You know, let's scratch the surface. Let's check into these monkey moms again. Yeah. And so You know it's these women that dress up their monkeys like dolls, like JonBenet Ramsey, like a little pageant doll. And they want them to be kids. And they seem to have the same pathology over and over and over. There's a lot of monkey moms out there that we did not film. And they have annually something called a monkey ball where they all come together with their monkeys. Anyway, we discovered them in the course of making Tiger King and Yeah.


Well My grandmother Had a monkey. Yeah. Grandmother Had a monkey. Yeah. We hear the story a lot that She, she kept in the attic. Really? Yeah. Monkey's name was Chichi. And Chichi used to eat gum. You'd give chichi a piece of gum. Chichi would unwrap the gum and put the gum in his mouth or her mouth. I don't remember it was a boy or girl. You know what kind of monkey. I do not. I was very small. Yeah. Yeah. I was very young at the time. and I, remember she had to get rid of it 'cause it bit my cousin. Yeah. Well that's what happens. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But Chichi couldn't be around anybody other than my grandmother. Yeah. My grandmother was very eccentric. Yeah. And they're, and they're, they're territorial and they territorial and they're protective of their owner. So, you know, when I was young in the seventies and sixties, seventies, eighties, you could buy a monkey in virtually any pet store across the United States.


Oh my God. And thank God people realize, like your grandmother, they're not good pets. I could buy them in the newspaper, you Know? Yeah. And they're not good pets. and I think my grandmother, after her kids were grown, she just decided she wanted a kid forever. You know. Yeah. If I had to guess. Wow. Yeah. If I had to guess. Yeah. Yeah. That's our, that's our kind of consensus on a lot Of it. Yeah. Also a kid that doesn't talk back. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great book. The book you'd love, it's by this guy who had a store in New York, Henry Relic that it's called, they Don't Talk Back. Mm. And it's these kind of chronicles of his experiences. You know through the last You know There was basically 40 seventies. This was a animal, exotic animal dealership that existed up until the seventies in New York City.


But they had everything, chimps, gorillas, elephants, and they sold stuff to the private sector and zoos. But yeah, I mean, you could, you could walk into a Woolworth. Right. And, and buy monkeys. You know They still to this day catch people with large animals in their apartments in New York City. Yeah. Like, wasn't there one real recently where a guy had a large reptile, Venomous snakes? Yeah. Right. Was it snakes? The venomous snake bite Eric. Some guy, well, there's one that one guy, I think it was in Harlem, who had a tiger in his house. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And that there's a crazy image of the cops going up the fire escape and the tiger's in the window. Yeah. And you see the tiger bearing its fangs and the lingo You like that glass is that fucking thin man, that, that is so crazy.


This thing is trapped in this like regular apartment with regular glass. Yeah. Like at any moment, the, the only thing keeping that thing out is it doesn't know that it could just smash that and get on that fire escape and just go run through the streets. Yeah. It Just, yeah. Yeah. Crazy, crazy. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. But the bizarre thing is that there's humans that want those. They want those. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I mean, the tiger thing is more of like kind of a macho thing. I think if I You know. Well, What about Carol then? She's a woman. Yeah. She's kind of an anomaly. you know, it's funny. I, but she Liked the, the, The lesser known cats. Right. I interviewed Tippy Hendron You know in the course of doing all of this.


And her You know Zou, it's called Shealah with all of her cats. You know and I know, you've talked about this, about Melanie Griffith growing up with Lions. That crazy movie Roar. Yeah. Oh, and that movie Roar, the Bad Photograph is a fantastic Oh my God. That movie Roar. But yeah, when I interviewed Tippy Hendin, literally on her property in California, she lives with all these tigers and lions. She built a museum for herself of like, so she's got her own museum, the Tippy Hendra Museum where I interviewed her. But yeah, there are some women, tippy Hend and Carol Baskin. But You know General, It's mostly a macho thing, Generally speaking, I think it's more men. Yeah. Well, I guarantee if you go through the Texas private collections is a bunch of good old boys.


Yeah. You know. Exactly. Believe that probably. Yeah. Yeah. You Know Got some oil money. You've, You've got canned ranches in Texas. There's a lot of those. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of, a lot of canned ranches, which is very odd. And some of 'em are fairly small, like a couple hundred acres. Yeah. And they keep animals there. Yeah. It's in my mind what that is, is agriculture. Okay. It's, it's just you're doing a different form of, of deer agriculture. You're not really hunting. you know, hunting to me is, you go into the wild, you go into the woods and you experience real nature. And it's, it's fascinating. It's enthralling. There's something about, it's also so lonely.


There's something about being in those mountains just puts you in check. None of that exists in a canned Ranch. Well, yeah. Canned ranch, you can go shoot like in South Africa, a lion. Right. You know. And the lion was raised in a kind of domestic situation And recently released. Yeah. So it just sits there. Yeah. You know there's no sport in it. Hunting in the United States and You know for elk or deer You know there's a lot of things people don't know about hunting, which is, you know, one just obviously obvious statistic is that more wild lands are protected because of hunting. So yeah, you're killing a deer, but you're protecting all the other stuff. So, well, the amount of money, because of the Pitman Robertson Act, the amount of money that gets, I think it's 10% of all sales of outdoor activities gets donated towards wildlife preservation.


And this is the reason why we can have these enormous national forests where you have wildlife biologists establish what the healthy numbers of these animals are and how many people can go hunt them. And they also know, because you have to, when You like say if you shoot a deer, you have to register that you shot the deer. They, you have a tag. They make sure that your tag is right. You, you got the right species, you got the right sex, the whole deal. And so they have a very accurate number of how many animals in there. And they spend a lot of money doing this. And these wildlife biologists do an absolutely incredible job. There's more whitetailed deer in this country right now than there were when Columbus landed. Wow.


Part of that is 'cause of agriculture. Yeah. That's where it gets weird. So agriculture particularly, I have a good buddy of mine who is, he's an archer, a professional archer, and he lives in Iowa, Iowa, rather. I always get those confused. And in Iowa it's all farmlands, right? Yeah. And they have enormous deer and they set these ranches up. He has a place that's like 600 acres. It's all, there's no fences. The animals come and go, but they establish these food plots and they put these things in to make it a good place for deer to be so they can hunt them. Yeah. So it's this weird sort of planned community sort of ethical bastardization of the wild.


Right. It's like dealing with the reality of what you have. You have untold thousands and thousands of monocrop agriculture acres. So thousands and thousands of acres of Monsanto, corn, and, and they're all these deer thrive there because when they chop down the corn, they don't chop it all down. And You know these deer, they go in there after fresh feedings. They, they go there, you see them eating corn and they eat grass. There's grass everywhere. There's plenty and plenty of food and a very low number of predators. Like Iowa does not have a lot of, they don't have wolves. They don't have a lot of animals that would sort of balance out the population of these animals. And so you have insane amounts of car accidents.


Like when I was in, I went to visit my buddy there and just driving from the airport to his house, we saw like 50 fucking deer. And if you're going there around November, which is the rut, the men lose their mind. Sure. So the, the male deer, they're, they're horny as hell. They're crazy. And the female are breeding and the female are running from the males, and they're running right into traffic. And the male's running after them, and they're running right into traffic. It's kind of nuts. It's kind, it's a really nutty situation because it only exists because there's no predators. Wow. So if like California has this bizarre model and what California would like, I mean, California is I think the only state that doesn't have a fish and game department.


They have fish and wildlife. And so they treat it very differently. Instead of treating it as a renewable resource where people can go and get their own food and hunt animals in the wild, they treat it like we should have the animals take care of themselves. And so that's why it's illegal to kill a mountain lion in California. And they have a large number of mountain lions. It, it probably under Reported, I I have mountain lions in my property. Yeah. Like all the time. They're Dangerous. They're under reported. And they, they are a predator and they will kill people. And they, they have killed people. It's not often, but You know if you're on a bike, the problem with being on a bike is you're moving a little too quick and their instincts take over. They think you're trying to run from them and they can't even help themselves.


It's like a kitten with a ball yarn and their, their instincts clip in and they just go chasing after it. But I've seen mountain lions in the wild, and it is a sobering, sobering moment when you stare into the eyes of one of those things, you're like, Whoa, what are you supposed to do? Well, you can't do much, man. Make a lot of noise. You make a lot of noise. You're not supposed to run. You don't run. if you, if you have a weapon, you're You know you should really have that weapon ready because they will jump you every now and then. They jump people. There's a crazy video. Yeah. Well I believe two people were killed last year in the Pacific Northwest. Mm. Of all the big cats. I think Jaguars kill the least people, Which is crazy. Which for some reason, but Well, Well, they also live in the least populated areas For the most part.


Yeah. At at mound lions. Yeah. Of course they will kill someone. But You know, typically they're not looking for people. Right. They're not looking for people. You know. It's not like a tiger that, you know, has all its prey, you know, get trapped by, you know, the local people in India and they have to go out and try to find prey. And it's people oftentimes, And Jaguars have to, at this point in time, have realized that people have bows and arrows and spears. And every now and then, if you go after a person, you can get jumped. And, you know, so they probably, like grizzly bears behave very differently in places where grizzly bears are hunted. So in the lower 48, it's illegal to hunt grizzly bears. So if they see you Right. You know if you run into them in the wrong, they're not gonna run away.


They might run towards you. Right. If, especially if you surprise them. It's very dangerous. And that's why, and they will treat you as food if they're really hungry. You know. You know. In the course of making Tiger King, I would interview people about tigers and how You know what it's like keeping a hundred tigers. And people would always say to me, I'd rather have a hundred tigers than one chimp. And and that's because chimps You know. And everyone thinks, oh, tiger's so dangerous. But chimps can figure shit out. And one of the chronic problems keeping chimps is that they can figure out how to escape. And so you can never use a combination lock. 'cause you'll sit there all day and figure it out. Oh My god.


And you gotta use oftentimes like three layers of locks. Yeah. and I, I'm just bringing it back to chimps because You know people think, oh, it's a chimp. It's so cute. It's in the circus. Trust me, it's a lot easier to have a tiger act than a chimp act. Oh, I could, I could imagine. And also when I was watching this lady's enclosure, I was looking at the steel that's drilled into wood and I'm like, I could get outta that. Yeah. I could get outta the a hundred percent The way, the way that thing is bolted into the woods, all you have to do is kick that door enough. Yeah. You kick that door hard enough and that wood will give out. Yeah. It's the wood that you're, it looks like you're enc caged in, in steel bars, but the steel bars are connected by wood.


Wood's easy for a chimp to break. They're so much fucking stronger than than us. Yeah. Yeah. If that thing knew that it could just grab those bars And slam It would and slam It would, It would've worked on that all day. Yeah. 100% It would've got through. Yeah. Yeah. You, you would've had to figure out a way, way, way better Cage. Especially the one that she put in her home. You Know, I'll tell you a really weird story that I just never would've thought in a million years about a chimps. I was interviewing a guy in Kenya that had a chimpanzee, and the keeper was this blonde woman. And all the chimp ever saw was this blonde woman. So he started, the guy gave the chimp playboy, and then it graduated to porn and the chimp. 'cause it'd never seen other chimps.


It was, it was raised in isolation. Started thinking it was human, and started sexually identifying with this woman that was keeping it and started, you know, started becoming sort of addicted to pornography. So just to give you weird sort, I'm segueing, whoa. But how crazy. And, and, and you know, like these chimps, they'll have a favorite show. Like, like I remember a group of them in South Africa. All they watched was Avatar. But anyway, just to back to sort of how, how Ironic weird It is to keep a chimpanzee. You don't have a tiger getting addicted to human pornography. Right, right, right. We, were watching Avatar all day long. So anyway. Well, they're too intelligent. They're just way too intelligent. Especially as they get five, six, and seven years old, they get really fucking dangerous.


That lady in Connecticut, I had heard that she was, she slept in the bed with that, the chimpanzee. Well, That's where I was going. Yeah. One of the things we did not cover, which I always wanted to know more about, is what really is going on in that bed with that woman? Oh, I mean, I don't wanna talk about it in too much detail here. Well it's, but you have to ask yourself. It's worth asking a question. You have to ask yourself like, how weird does it get You know? You know. Right. I mean, how weird does it get if she wasn't she giving it Xanax and wine? Okay. That alone. Yeah. Oh. yeah. You and you haven't seen the what Viagra? She was giving it Viagra. I'm joking. Oh, but who knows? You can't joke about that.


You're gonna get sued. You cannot joke. But, but speaking of that though, We were, you saw the second episode, we obviously, oh, Think chimps need Viagra. No, they're very active. Yeah. You Know. It's funny, I heard nuts. I heard that a chimp can fuck 50 times a day. That's right. In the wild. I saw like, so maybe they don't need Viagra. Okay. Well Primates are very promiscuous and chimpanzees in particular, if you notice that chimpanzees have the largest balls of any primate, and there's a reason for that. The more promiscuous the female chimpanzees are, the more sexually active the males become and the bigger their testicles are. Oh, interesting. How interesting. So it's like a direct correlation between the size of the male's tech testicles and they think that exists with human beings as well.


But it's a little more problematic to examine. But that, oh, so That's my problem. Yeah. You're out a bunch of ladies that are a bunch of sluts. You might get fired up. No Wonder I never got married. I think that with You know chimpanzees, you're dealing with these incredibly complex social structures. I'm sure you guys have seen Chimp Nation. Yeah, yeah. Which is fantastic. Yeah, it's so good. It's so good because it is a rare documentary that had this established element in that these scientists had been embedded in this group of chimpanzees for 20 years. And so these scientists had very specific rules. You do not look them in the eye.


You don't get any closer than 20 yards if they come towards you at 20, just move away. Don't ever have food. There's like a bunch of rules. And as long as you have those rules, they behave completely normally. And they just, you don't, you're just a thing. You're like a tree or a bird or something. They're not, they're not interested in, which is really interesting. Right. Yeah, yeah. Amazing. Because they Got incredible footage of the social interactions. They got a detailed analysis of how they establish dominance and who's in control. And then it's, it's, we used to think it's always the biggest, strongest chimp, but no it's not. It's ones that form unions and bonds and communities. Very interesting. It's so much like us. Well I think also it's so amazing about that film is, and I give them an incredible, a ton of credit.


Most people that go out to do a documentary don't have the capacity to film that many days. Like they covered that. Yes. I don't know. It was like hundreds of days or something. Yeah. Years Or, and years. Yeah. and I think, you know, they really invested the time and they deserve the credit. 'cause they put in that amount of time. I mean, for us to do, even You know Trump crazy. We filmed how many Days? It's probably close to 250 days. I mean, People, most people can't do that. Right. Right. You know. Right. And so, I mean, it's incredible resource suck. Like, how much did it cost? That's where I'm going. It's, yeah. My God. It's Not A, it's not a really, But in order to make a documentary this, this way, you have to catch it while it's happening.


you know? Contemporaneously. So you have to be there. if you, if you snooze, you lose. If you're not there, you're not gonna make chimp crazy. Right, Right. And, Or, or Chimp, what's it called? Chimp Nation? Yeah. Chimp Empire. Empire. Is that what it Oh? yeah. Well See. Chimp There's two right. Chi Chimp Empire. Right. Chimp Empire Is Chimp Nation. Another one. Oh, Chimp Empire. I'm talking. Yeah. This is The Chi Empire. Yeah. Yeah. The way that, see, the thing about the difference between your show is you need someone who's compelling. And so you have to find someone and like, and you, what's her name again? Tanya. Tanya. Tanya. Crazy. Tanya. you know, and Joe. Exotic You. like, you need someone who's like, like the, the figurehead, like with the photo that you guys have on the promo Yeah.


Of her laying down in the chimp behind her. It's perfect. Yeah. It's perfect. I mean, you need that nutty person to compel you, because there's part of all of us that recognizes that that thought would come into our minds, but then rational thought would go into play. Like, you can't do this. They're dangerous. They're big, they get older. You can't control 'em. What happens to them? It's not fair for them to be, and then you go, I don't want a chimp. But if you're dull minded, if you got a nine volt brain and you look at this like, I am gonna take, they're more important to me than my own babies. Like when she says stuff like that, you're like, oh, well you shouldn't even have a dog like You. like you definitely shouldn't be allowed to vote.


No. But it's interesting you say you have to find those characters, but you also have to find a story. and I mean, you can talk about this is how wide did net we cast. 'cause after Tiger King, it wasn't like we just jumped into this chimp mob world. We were filming, you know, mark the shark and You know women. Yeah. We were, We were interested. and I mean it took a lot of time to, In the, in the animal human relationship in variety of forms. Yeah. I think we, we, we, and you've seen episode one, one of the first things we we shot years before we even met Tanya was this woman, this part of the circus family. Pam Rose You know watching 2001 Space Odyssey with her chimpanzee chance.


Yeah. Yeah. It's a re I mean, talk about sobering experience. I'm You know me and Carl distance with Chance, the chimpanzee 15 years old, pounding a basically a modified trailer home. The floor echoing. Yeah. The, the loudness was, was of that, of that sound on the floor was so loud. I had take my headset off. Yeah. It Was a lot scarier. And you were there, it was a lot scarier to film chimps than tigers. The crew didn't have a problem going in into a tiger enclosure. 'cause the thing about Tigers is, as long as they're about under the, your age, the age four, even though it looks like a full grown tiger, they, you know, they haven't gone through puberty yet. They, they haven't gotten the Tiger You know mentality of killing you, but a chimp.


Anyway, the, the chimp filming was a much more difficult thing. Well, they're also like human cha characters and, and wiry and you don't know what's gonna happen. They're on these unpredictable, these kind of leashes. Well, it's also how they evolved. I mean, that's what kept them alive. if you watched chimp nations, like those sort of instincts is what keeps them alive. Oh, sure. Very murderous. Well, We didn't really know how murderous they were until Attenborough when David Attenborough did that series. I think it was in the nineties when he captured the chimps Eating monkeys. Yeah. Ripping. Yeah. And this is one of the things that, when I, I had the guy from Chimp Nation on, I discussed it with him. He's like, I go, how, how often do they eat monkeys?


He's like, we couldn't even show it all. We, we, we It would just be like, the whole show would be chimps eating monkeys. Yeah. Yeah. Got 'cause that's what they want to, to do. They want to eat monkeys. That's their primary source of protein. Yeah. They like fruit fruit's great. But they also like monkeys. They Call us monkeys. Yeah. And they eat You know I'm a reptile guy. And in, in the range of those chimps in the wild, they, there's a tortoise and this tortoise, it's like our box turtles, but it's much bigger. But it's called a hinge back tortoise. And it literally closes up like a rock. Like you, you can't see it any flesh. The chimps will grab that tortoise and they'll just bang it against the tree and just crack it open like a cantaloupe. Wow. And they, they're, and I am just saying that because yes, they're really hardcore when it comes to the way they predate on other animals.


And they're about as strong as a 500 pound man. Which it's so That's about right. Yeah. Yeah. It's so insane For us, we had a chimp on the set of news radio like 96 or something like that. There was a baby chimp. It was a baby and it was a, in a diaper. And this chimp climbed on my back and whacked me a couple times in the back just playing. Was just having fun. and I remember first of all, the feeling of holding it is like it was made out of steel wires. It wasn't made out like a baby. You know, you pick up a baby, baby is like soft little. You pick up a 3-year-old little soft little things and you hold onto them and they're weak. These things were strong as fuck.


Like in a bizarre way. We like to look at something that's close to our size and think, oh, I could probably overpower that You know, oh, I know how to fight. I'll fight that fucking chimp off. Now you have zero chance. Yeah. It's a different thing. Everything about it is different. The muscle structure's completely different. The tendon structure's completely different. And the amount of force it can generate is The arm leverage is Yes. Pretty incredible. You know, but its, they also wanna fuck with you. They also wanna, I Was just gonna say, like, people always say pull your eyeballs. People always talk about like with a bear, kill the lion or with the You. know the bear killed the tiger. I think chimpanzees, You know, and you're into obviously fighting and you know, I think they are the most diabolical fighters.


'cause You know, I don't know what a chimp would do to a grizzly, but a chimp, you know, goes after your genitals, your fingers, your face. Yeah. Yeah. They know how to fuck you up like nothing else. Yeah. They know how to debilitate you and take away what makes you a human. Yeah. Yeah. And they also have zero remorse. They, so they're like a human and that they can think, but they have zero empathy and they're fucking dangerous. I'm, I'm writing this You know what was so fascinating, you think knowing all this about Chimp Slater, and remember this Eric We were talking about, well, there must be like reported human deaths in the United States with chimp attacks and we couldn't find any. It's only mames. It's, it's only, it's only little. I mean, there are globally, but globally, A lot of them in Africa, little kids globally though, get snatched and stuff.


The kids get eaten. Kids get eaten. Yeah. But in the US there has been no really human death caused by chimpanzee. Now what was fascinating, and you haven't watched this yet, but in episode four, we kind of go, it comes like from delusion to reality. And it's heavy. We filmed our first chimpanzee funeral and what we didn't show, which I remember being, I just remember this now, everyone that would come up to say their piece would share a story where they were attacked by that animal. Oh God. It was, it was so, so the kind of juxtaposition of, of this celebration of life and these attacks in, in this context of a situation, they shouldn't have ever been in it. It was kind of Remarkable.


And, and animal attacks in general across the board in roadside zoos and, and private sector are completely under reported because people don't want their animals taken away. Right. So if a tiger attacks someone and they have a huge laceration, they'll go to the hospital saying it was a chainsaw. Mm. You know. 'cause the second they say it was my tiger or my chimp. Right. You know, they run the risk of losing that animal. You also have the problem with less than extraordinary people being addicted to extraordinary circumstances. Yeah. So if you have a boring ass fucking life in some middle of nowhere town, but you also have a lion You know, like all of a sudden You like, you're cool, you're cool.


Life's pretty interesting. Yeah. Yeah. You know. I mean, and that's Joe exotic, right? Yeah. Well, Joe exotic, I think is pretty smart. He is odd for sure, but intelligent. But in Tanya's case, like what would that lady be like if she didn't have chimps? Like, it, it is the focal point of her life to the point where she neglected her own biological children. Yeah. It gives her an identity. Yeah. In a weird way. In a weird way. In a, in a very compelling way. And when people live boring ass lives, things like that seem like something that, that's who I am. Right. Like, that's me. Because it's extraordinary experiences Yeah. From persons that are You know. It's like, Where does that come from, from though with Is it influence?


It's, I Think we like experiences, first of all. Yeah. There's a part of evolution where human beings, part of our lust for innovation and for constant improvement of our, our environment and circumstances is we like extraordinary experiences. I think it's what made people successful. I think the more daring and the more addicted you were to extraordinary experiences, the more likely you were to find new hunting grounds. The more likely you were to conquer neighboring tribes, the more likely you to survive an attack by like, I think human beings like extraordinary experiences. We like comfort, but not as much as we like extraordinary experiences.


But having some of these animals is like chick bait. You know, it's like a little pooch gets you a lot of cooch. Like a guy that's walking a dog. Joe had tigers to get boys, Which is so wild that where he got straight guys. I mean, that guy had some fucking game. Exactly. Yeah. I guess, I guess I see your point. You know. Come on, If you have a chimp, a baby chimp, Oh. yeah. You're walking around Austin, Texas. Sure. People, You get people come up to you and go, oh, Joe, I love your little chimp. That's interesting. I want to go out with you. What a weird way to try to attract. Well, like they always say that about puppies. Like, that's guys bring a puppy to that's Park. I mean, I'm more interested with Carl now. You know. Yeah. What, what your what's your motivation over there with that baby dog?


Isn't It interesting when you see Carl interact with Marshall? Because Marshall's like, I don't want to hurt you. I don't want nothing to do. I said, stop biting me. What are you doing? Like Yeah, you can see it. Yeah. But, but, but you got two different kinds of things. You know. Like one of 'em is like a little bulldog. It's a little psychopath. And the other one is a golden retriever is like a love sponge. Like all he wants to do is be your friend. Yeah. He wants to be your friend. And unless you're a squirrel. And that's really interesting. You watch his reaction to squirrels, like his intensity when it comes to like squirrels and birds. He's, So it's a movement, right? Is it, it's the movement. Is that what's Attracted? It's just instincts. Yeah. It just fires up that part in their DNA that knows that that's what they do. But the bizarre thing with retrievers is it's not to eat it, it's to bring it to you.


It's always to bring it to You. like one time I, I got home and I let the dog out. I opened up the back door and I just had to take a leak. So I took a leak, and then as I flushed washed my hands opened the door. He's standing there with a squirrel in his mouth. Like he got a squirrel that quick. Wow. And he wanted me to know. So happy to Show you. Yeah. Wanted He was so happy. Yeah. and I was like, dude, what did you do? And he was like, Ooh, what did I do? I'm like, what did you do, man? And so I got rid of squirrel. But whenever he sees one, it's just nobody how to teach him that he's locked in. Like, that's what he wants to do. He wants to go get squirrels and he wants to bring 'em back to you. It's, it's, it's a weird thing because it's like you, you understand predatory instincts.


Like cats have them. They're the worst. Cats are, they have killed so many fucking birds. It's something like a bill. It's multiple billions of, of mammals and birds or killed every year by outside cats. The the first thing that kills You know songbirds birds is glass windows, skyscrapers glass. Mm. Second is domestic cats. And they are killing machines. And they really do take a toll on wild Birds. and I went terrible way. I'm getting ready for this podcast. I went down a a, a dirty road last night. A a a wormhole of cats. Predatory cats. And there's, there's compilations of cats just jacking pigeons, jacking squirrels, jacking everything.


Everything. They're, they can get their hands on. Yeah. Yeah. No, cats are bad unless they're indoors. Domestic cats, they've You know in Hawaii, cats are the reason why so many species and why went extinct. Yep. Yep. You know, They're just, and in Australia, Australia, they brought them in in Australia to deal with certain animals. And then they got outta control. And now in Australia, they hunt them. Dodo birds went extinct because of domestic cats that were introduced into Mauritius. And You know, 200, 300 years ago, whenever Doto Birds one extinct. But no, they're killing machines. They're Machines. Sorry to interrupt you on that. No, No, no, no worries. But like, so like, their predatory instincts are more reasonable. Like I understand that they're cats and that's what cats do.


And but the weird thing about a retriever is he's not doing it to eat it. Yeah. Yeah. He's doing it to bring it to me. Yeah. Like, I didn't even have to teach him to, to bring a ball back. Like he learned within like the first two or three throws. If I throw the ball, he brings it back to me. It's just in, it's brought into them. Whereas every other dog that I've had, I had to teach 'em. And you throw the ball, you're like, come on, bring it back. Come on. Bring it back. And you bring it back. Give 'em a treat. And they understand. You You know you praise 'em. They, and then eventually they understand commands and they have this like pathway that you've carved into their system of chasing the ball, bringing it back. We're gonna have fun. Chase the ball. Bring it back Marshall. It was in there. It was already In there.


Yeah. But that's his programming, right? I mean, which is crazy. Which is, which is so, so much of what the, what we found so interesting about the, the justification for this love that a lot of the subjects we've covered had for these chimpanzees was that they love me. You know they do these things with me. I've, I've, I've, I've trained them to believe that they have feelings for me. and I have feelings for them. We have this understanding and I feel. I feel what we've realized is this kind of imbalance of, of this, this mutuality of caregiving that I think exists with a lot of our, our subjects that we cover, but also some of the chimpanzees. But, so it's very, very incredibly selfish around the symmetry of needs being met.


But it's so disturbing. you know, you have a beautiful lab, a dog that You know Tanya says You know constantly how much she loves this chimp Tonka. But the chimp is like incarcerated in You know this cage. It's like, Tanya, if you really love this chimp and Tonka loves you back, why the cage? Right. You know you don't have a cage for your dog. Right. And it just seems so obvious, like, Tanya, this chimp does not love you the way you love it. Well, I think it does, but it also doesn't have a choice. Right. So if Tanya lived in the jungle, if she had a shack in the jungle and the chimp lived in the jungle, wild and free, how much would the chimp visitor, first of all, it wouldn't be eating chicken nuggets and drinking Coca-Cola.


Which is weird too, that she's feeding this thing and she said it has congestive heart failure. Spoiler alert again. It's still good. You still gotta watch it, folks. But if you give a person that they fucking get sick, like nothing you're doing to that chimp is natural. The cage is not natural. The food's not natural. Nothing's natural. You know, one of the saddest things for me was when she was showing it Instagram reels. Ugh. And just scrolling through reels and the chimps just staring at the screen. That is, That was the weirdest One. That's really disturbing That for whatever. But meanwhile I do that. No, that, that's a lot of, that's a lot of the sentiment we see from people is a reaction to that. We are basically doing that ourselves.


Oh. yeah. Yeah. We're doing it to ourselves. You're not Looking at your son. You can make a choice. Yeah, Sure. I'm gonna put this down. Sure. I'm gonna go out in real world and have fun with human beings and have a good time with my friends. You can make those choices. The chimp doesn't have a choice. It's essentially a prisoner for no reason. And it likes the guard. And that chimp You know Tonka was looking at its kids. Yeah. In that footage. You know. And whether it Tonka knew it or not, but, And Instagram, yeah. Was looking at a bunch of things, but just staring at the screens. But I don't think it probably understood that those were his kids. But it probably did remember what it was like to have babies You know And to be outside. Yeah. Outside sitting there in that cage in the basement looking at these chimps washing a Mercedes that's outside You know. We both still talk to, to Tanya almost daily or communicate with Tony.


Oh My God. And it's the most bizarre communication because You know. We don't You know. Everyone thinks I lied to Tanya about this film. She would've talked to me anyway. I'm convinced of that. And when I did come into the picture, she didn't skip a beat. And she was like, oh, it's you. Let's, let's keep filming for another year and a half. But she continues to talk with us and we continue to tell her, Tanya You know, maybe this is an opportunity for you to rethink and reinvent yourself. You know. Like, it, it's, anyway, it's really interesting. Well, it doesn't seem like she has a lot of self-reflection with all due respect. I know. Which in You know.


It's Hard not to be compassionate with a lot of these people, to be honest. Right. It's really hard because I do. They're humans. They're humans. Yeah. Well, Especially Tanya. 'cause she led us into her life in such an intimate way that, you know, it was You know. She was really generous that way. So it isn't black or white. There's a lot of gray. Right. I understand. I understand an audience reaction though. And you can have those kind of conflicting views on it. But being part of making it as You know, we're partially complicit to it too, as well. I mean, in a way of, of sharing that story in a way. Well, You know, there's the age old term with great power comes great responsibility. It is a great responsibility to hold a large chimpanzee in your house.


That is a great power, is an enormous responsibility. And she should not have the option to have that responsibility. Yeah. She's not capable of managing that situation. It's, it's, I don't think anybody's capable of it. I think the same way. I just think dolphins we're lucky that they're nice. That's what what I think we're lucky that they're nice because they shouldn't, they should be killing us every 10 Too little Rapist. Too Rapist. Yeah. They are, they're not just that. But in infanticide You know the, the reason why female dolphins are so promiscuous. I know. Well, male dolphins, when they find a female, if the female has babies, she will not breed for, I think it's a long period of time. I think it's around six years. Oh wow. See if that's true. Wow.


But so what a male will do will kill the babies. The males will kill the babies to force her into es extra, so she will start breeding again. So what the females do to counteract that is to have sex with as many male dolphins as they can. So they have sex with all the male dolphins. They're not monogamous in any way, stretch or form. They, they just go and fuck as many guys as they can. So those guys will protect their babies because the, they don't know if that's their baby or not. Yeah. Because they know they've had, had sex with her. But if they have not had sex with her and then she has babies, they will kill that baby. Are any animals monogamous? Because they used to think so. Yeah, penguins. Penguins are penguins, but they only do it for like a year. They're monogamous for like a year. Okay. Because they, they also look exactly the same, which is a trap. They used to, they used to think maca parrots were monogamous and swans.


And then they started doing the genetics and they realized they cheat like hell Yeah. I'm sure they do. It just, it doesn't, it doesn't seem to serve any purpose evolutionarily for them to be monogamous. It, it seems contrary to the idea of natural selection. Like you should be wanting to, if you have potent genes, you should wanna spread those genes as much as Possible. So that means we shouldn't be monogamous. Well, human beings, we've fallen into this weird thing where we're more than an animal in that we are an animal, but we're an animal that expresses our thoughts and feelings to each other. And we are evolving, we are clearly different in that we are animals, but we can manipulate our environment like no animal that's ever existed.


We can travel to any place in the world, which no animal could ever do on its own. We can do all kinds of things that other animals can't do. But more importantly, we communicate. Yeah. And we communicate, Tell stories. Yes. And as, and we empathize with each other and we recognize things in other people. Even heinous people, even people they don't like, like whether it's Joe Exotic or Tanya, you recognize, like, I see she's not I get it. You know. Yeah. She's just a person who's all fucked up. Even that crazy drunk lady who had the one that attacked her daughter, like what happened to her? you know, like what was her Childhood Like? you know, you know, it couldn't have been good. And she's the one person out there who's still alive, who I really don't want to hear from. Yeah.


Because I really wonder right now, what is she thinking? Well, the calmness, while her daughter was being attacked on the phone, the calmness of that phone call was just shocking. Suspicious. I think You know when that lady from the liquor store was talking about how much that lady drinks. Like who knows what she's even responsible for anymore. Like, she's, she's gotta be out of her fucking mind all the time if she's drinking that much booze. Well, I, I Think she wanted out with the chimp. I think the, she was as caged as depressed as the chimp possibly in that house after 15 years living with this chimp that she thought You know was her son. And then later was dressing, you know, the, the chimp up with the same clothing as her deceased husband.


I think she wanted out and somehow she figured it out. Well, the life choice is, is really remarkable. They're, they're, they're also basically in cages, the, the humans taking care of the chimpanzee. Right. Right, right. You really think about it. And the same goes for Sandy. Sandy, Harold You know this. What was so great about revisiting that story in Connecticut, You know, we basically, We were set to come out with this show in March this year. And We were basically wrapped in November. And We were going through finishing and we suddenly got access to the entire Travis story. We, we work with this guy who wrote this incredible article, a New York magazine article named Dan Lee. It's one of the best written articles about Travis.


It's called Travis the Menace. He has no attribution of sources. You don't know who is talking. So it's a, the kind of foundational piece for the Travis story. We tracked him down. He says, I have everyone that was part of that story and they have archive. Do you wanna do it? And so we basically said, You know, is this gonna make our story better? Meaning that we're gonna have to extend for at least four or five months to do this Right. And postpone our entire delivery schedule. And once we got into it, it was so worth it because we got this total intimate view of what it was like to be in Sandy's world. Mm. We had this archive. The video that you see has never been seen before. This portrait of a family, this, this kind of very complicated, complex family life that's been inhabited by Travis, which was a descendant of Connie Casey's place in Missouri.


if you think about that, where our, our starting point was for this whole project was, was always around how do we understand where captive primates came from in America? Connie Casey was this place, this kind of You know breeding ground for all of these animals that were kind of cycled through Hollywood. And what I found very interesting is this kind of, this lineage that led to Travis. Travis was sold to Sandy. And then you see the, It's so incestuous, It's so incestuous that they're all connected. And you'll see A little bit of episode four. There is, there it is. Travis the menace. And it's a remarkable story. This is Sandy who bought Travis from Connie.


Connie You know. It was, it was a, this Susie was mother by the mother. How much does that photograph freak you out? Yeah. When you see that chimp holding that baby at any minute and just decide to pull that baby's head off. And, and when Chimp smile, it's, it's actually a sign of aggression. It's not like us, we, we You know smile 'cause we're happy. That's not a happy chimp doing that. So he's trained, he's trained to Yeah. He's, he's Trained but he's trained to smile. He's not necessarily aggressive right here. Yeah. He's trained to show his teeth. 'cause it's Cute. Right. It's more of a grimace. It's more of a, more of a happy smile, I guess, if you wanna call it That. Right, right, Right. So it was fascinating to us to get access to this story. We, we get, we we go into it and he's Drinking soda for McDonald's.


That's disturbing. Yeah. He got too big. Well you're giving him the standard American diet. Yeah. But Look at the canines compared to ours. Oh. yeah. Look how Oh yeah. They're daggers. You know. Oh well the bite force. Everything. I mean everything about them. Yeah. We are so watered down by the ev evolutionary process. and I was real aware of that when I was touching that 2-year-old chimp with diapers like real wear. Yeah, sure. Like this is, it's a different thing. And when you're taking this thing and you are You know, it is a time bomb. You have like four years we can control it maybe five. Right? Yeah. And then they say after five, it's just like you're basically rolling the dice anytime someone comes over your house. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. That's basically it. Just so Crazy.


But he was You know this, this classic story. It was this kind of gothic fairytale in Stanford, Connecticut, which was so unusual because it's a suburb of Manhattan. You know. Yeah. Everyone thought this was in the south or wherever it was happening in, in Stanford, Connecticut. And Sandy had this kind of void in her life. She buys Travis and raises her part of the family. And you see the story the same arc as every other chimp story in a family setting. They get too mature and they have to You know. The, the thing that I thought you'd appreciate in terms of our kind of this idea that we show in the story really well, I think is this, this chimp is happy and connected to the community. 'cause he's free.


He's socializing, he's a town celebrity. Right? He's at, he's at work with Sandy and the tow shop You know Right. Answering phones. Yeah. You know, filling out paperwork. The, The mascot of the tow shop desire me motors. Right? Yeah. He's airbrushed everywhere on trucks. And he lives A cool life. He Lives a cool life. And then one Day everyone gets to see the chimp. Right. And then until one day he gets too aggressive. And he, this this incredible story, which we don't cover in the dock, but he's in this intersection, very busy intersection in Connecticut. A little boy throws a can of coke over to the car with the chimp. The chimp gets out, you know, stops traffic, You know. And it's covered in the news. And it's a joke. Everyone's like, oh my God, it's planted at the age again.


But the chimp is trying to get ahold of kid Chimp Chimp's trying to like, he's irritated. Why, why would you bother the chimpanzee? He threw Ken of Coke at him. He runs out of the car trying to figure out what's going on. Meanwhile, Sandy gets an ice cream cone, brings it back in the car, and everything's cool. Two Hours Later. Two hours later. Right. So it, the, the state of Connecticut says, no way, you can't have this chimp anymore out in public. You gotta put him in home. So this, this, this chimp is, is out in space for a majority of his life and then built to confinement for the majority of his life. And so fast forward and I'll, and I'll spare you kind of the other stuff that we learned. But you know what, what everyone kind of talks about in revisiting media at the time. Is he, it was Xanax. It was the wine glasses.


Yeah. He was drunk. It was You know, maybe a relationship. Maybe the relationship went wrong. But he grabbed car keys. He wanted to go for a ride. He could drive a car. He wanted to get the fuck out of there. Yeah. That's what happened. Right. And and the person who he runs into first Charla represents confinement. Right. He was a nanny. Right, Right, Right. So what do you think's gonna happen? Right. You know, he was also reported he was fucking, or he left already. He was like cruising around and he was in the graveyard fucking with the guy who was digging graves. That's we heard. That's what heard him. He's probably Yeah. Insanely bored. Just like, like a person that's stuck in a cage. Yeah. And chips when they're bored and you always see it, they rock. And so you see, if you're watching that section of Chimp crazy Travis is just sitting there rocking, which is like a tick You know.


Right. Big cats do a figure eight over and over and over. You know, know chimps do this rocking. And it, when you see that You know that's a really desperately depressed chimp. But we love, we love this You know, I'm sorry love, but We, were, we're interested in this, in this tension because we think we can control things. I mean, that's what, if you seen the movie, Nope. This great footage with this Chimp Gordy, which he covers and is a through line in the show. It's inspired based on this, this whole idea of spectacle and humans that can control things. Nope. It in that scene with Gordy the Chimp is probably one of the most beautiful displays. Cinema You know cinematically that I've seen of It's hor horrible, it's very tragic.


But The, the one person that has the 15-year-old chimp in their house, how have they been able to avoid all that? She's careful. I mean, she, she's 77 years old. Pam Rose there. Oh boy. When she was seven years old, she was asked what she wants to do with her life in this circus animal family. And she says, I wanna train chimps. I wanna do something hard. I wanna do something difficult. The rest of her family train horses and elephants. And that was culturally what they Were called. But that's a really good question. How is it that Pam hasn't, But I'm okay. You're thinking about more diff different measures. But like, I'm thinking about Attacks. Yeah. That's what I'm thinking. So, really good question. 'cause I always wondered that about Pamela there.


How come she's the one person that has sort of been immune to it? Or has she? I think she's got some, you know, can I, I look, I think she's lucky. I think it's the best way. I don't know what happens behind the scenes, to be honest. I think You know, to be fair, I think, I don't know. But I do know that when I watched her interaction You know there's a real like understanding and I it, it's, and and she has a leash on 'em. I mean its A Well and she collar, she also they are neutered. They these Chimps Castrated. They're castrated. Yeah. I'm sure they're I'm sure lot less Aggressive. They're, they do You know they remove their canines. Oftentimes. They do have to alter them to be able to con continue to work with them. Oh. yeah. They're modified. Yeah. I mean, you shouldn say there's, there's a lot of dark parts of our story that we didn't go into.


Like one of the things we learned was that so many of the monkeys that are being sold You know by Tanya and others are coming across the border from Mexico. Just You know along with probably drugs. And more recently in, in recent time, we've seen a lot of Central American and Mexican species coming into the us. So there's a pipeline You know, I'm sort of segued Well, what We, what we look what so You know. Yes, it is. We didn't realize also how dark this was coming out of it. 'cause We were so close to it. And the reaction by people, it's very heavy. So I I'm, we're all desensitized from, from seeing this. There's some really interesting stuff that happens in for joy.


I hope you finish it, including another attack. But this time with a person that we all know and Oh, You're teasing Me. I'm teasing you. A. little bit. I'm sorry. I ha it's, it's, It's pretty good. It's pretty Good, Jeff. It's pretty good. I'll probably want watching it. Okay, that's good. It's pretty good. It's pretty, it it's, it's, it's heavy. A part of her body gets bitten off. Well, Come on man. I'm not kidding. Similar to Trump In Oh. yeah. Now you're giving away way too much. You fucked it up. Fucked up the whole show. I'm gonna look at her here. The whole show now. So is that lady in with the 15-year-old champ, is that the only one that You know of that keeps a, a full grown adult and has it just wandered around with everybody?


We've Learned more. Well, wait, Wait. It's Also castrated too, to be clear, Pam doesn't live in the chimp doesn't live in her house. Like, Like it's in there sometimes. Yeah. There's Sometimes, but it's, And how much of the castrating it changes its behavior, I think significantly. 'cause Buck in Oregon was castrated and then it You Know the Connecticut chimpanzee was that castrated Probably. But Buck was castrated and started wearing a shock collar. Right. In order to manage a chimp, as you say, after four or five years old, they typically alter them. Right. Remove their canines, castrate them, shock collars. It's so crazy. Like fixing a dog is so commonplace. People don't even think twice. Oh, is your dog neutered? Oh, you're a good pet owner.


you know, that way your dog's not gonna have unwanted puppies. Yeah. But fixing a chimpanzee You, like, what are you doing? Like what did you do to 'em? It's like Fixing your, but But also by the way, it's like Fixing a human. Think about what the medical care they get. You know the guy who's a horse vet. Right, right. Is the guy working at a chimpanzee You know if you're lucky. If you're lucky. If you're lucky. Yeah. So if you think about the care, it's, it's really horrible. But I was gonna add to what you were saying, Eric. One thing that we learned through the process about kind of, what is this about more mainly You know, we're talking about this very niche subject matter of captive chimpanzees in America, which we learned there really only is about 1300 remaining in captivity, which includes those who are already in sanctuaries in the US about half of that 1300 and and big zoos.


And big zoos. Big zoos have about 250 of them still. So in terms of the kind of roadside zoo private home environment, it's between You know less than a hundred chimpanzees that remain in captivity. So to answer your question, there might be more, but it's hard to tie to Chimps. But, but, but globe globally, there's still many chimps in Thailand and You know all over the world that are You know. It's a, so the US at least, there's less and less in this. There's Less and less the over kind the, the, the primates in general in terms of You know monkeys as pets. It's You know it's reported somewhere around 15,000 people in America have primates as chimps, as a as as pets. 15,000, 15,000 people. 15,000 according to the Amer American Welfare Animal Welfare Institute.


So that's what we're finding. But you know, through that we had to zoom out and I think that that what we've learned, what I've learned personally about organizations that are, that are doing something to protect wild lands and protect wild populations of chimpanzees. There's a lot of great ones out there. So we've been supporting a program that's doing 12 project sites in Africa. $10 million, 10,000 chimpanzees. And that's what we're hopeful for. I mean, Africa is basically gonna be China one day. What do you do though with, with animals that have been kept in captivity their whole life? You can't really introduce them to the wild, can you? It depends on the species. Certainly Not. I mean, chimpanzees certainly not after the castrated, Not chimpanzees.


They've Done all these Projects. Definitely not. I dunno if you You like any of these other movies that were done about these scientific experiments people have in their homes in the seventies and eighties, bringing chimps and reintroducing them into the wild. It doesn't work. It ends horribly Well there, there's a place in Africa, there's a sort of an island in a, you know, there's a, it's like a freshwater river where they have released chimps, but You know chimps that are just placed in Africa. But yeah. To release them actually back into a population of wild chimps hasn't been done successfully. For sure. Not with chimps. Have They done it with cats? Hmm. That's a good You know, there's that famous You know image of Putin releasing a tiger in Russia that was captive.


They have done it with cats. Actually. I work with an organization that's been releasing Jaguars back into Northern Argentina where Jaguars have now disappeared. But the Jaguar program is, it's very, they do it very carefully and they, they put the jaguar in this enormous enclosures and, and let them capture wild prey before they release them. It takes a lot of time. Well, I mean We were talking about house cats earlier. Oh, house cats? No, no, no, no. I wasn't saying I just meant cats in general. Oh sure. But I'm saying that house cats, which are completely domesticated, you come to and pet 'em. if you let them loose, they survive. Fine. Yeah. It's feral cats. Yeah. They all have instincts to kill and eat things.


Yeah. So I would imagine cats would probably be one of the easiest ones to reintroduce to the wild. But then you have things that are accustomed like bears. One of the, the problems with people that live in rural communities is when bears start attacking your dumpsters and your garbage cans, they know food is there and you can't get rid of 'em. They will come back to that no matter what. You can't scare 'em off. You scare 'em off. You're only scare 'em for an hour. They'll be back. Yeah. They know there's food there. Where we live in California, we have bears, black bears, not grizzly bears. And we have mountain lions. And almost every night you'll see on our streets when the, there's a certain night of the week when the garbage comes out, all the garbage cans are tipped over because of the bears. Yeah. And you're right, you're right. They, they, once they learn that, then they have a pattern and they go after those dumpsters.


Well, You know, California used to have big, big brown bears. California state flag is a grizzly bear. Yeah. Which is crazy. And we work with an organization that's trying to bring them back to California Down folks. Settle down. Look, Keep 'em alive where they are. Yeah. Don't get nutty. All these people that wanna reintroduce animals, like okay. It's just, you have to understand you're, you're playing God. You're Throwing And there's a reason it what Extincts 'cause they, the last grizzly bear in California was shot about a hundred years ago. And it's because they eat people. Levette California is named after the last guy who died from a grizzly bear attack. Hmm. Yeah. I think his name is Steven Leveque. Hmm. Yeah. And he got fucked up. They were big You know big brown bears.


And we killed 'em all because they were killing people. And I'm not saying you should kill 'em all. I'm not saying we, what we did was good. But once you've established an ecosystem that if you make the con, I believe I like humans more than I like other animals. This is my thought. I believe that we're more important to each other than animals are to us. Doesn't mean that I don't care about animals. Mm. But if you start bringing in things that are gonna eat people, I'm like, hey, like this is not good for us. This is not good for us. We don't have to reintroduce them to places You know. I think a better solution would be let's make sure that wherever they live naturally their populations are fine. I think that's probably the better solution.


There's been some success of reintroducing wolves into Montana You know the Yellowstone reintroduction Yeah. Know. 19, 1990s. Yeah. Really interesting. Like they, they did have an overpopulation problem of undulates. 'cause bears can only eat so many of 'em. And wolves are much more clever and they act together. And it's kind of balanced things out for now. We, We work with turner endangered species, which had turnham and we work very closely with this guy Mike Phillips in Montana, who's been probably the key guy to bring back gray wolves into this part of, you know, the western part of the United States. But yeah, it's been without, I mean, I, I know 'cause we, we do this that even gray wolves, there's a lot of controversy from ranchers.


Sure. Imagine, imagine bringing back big grizzlies, brown bears to California. Yeah. It's gonna be a problem. But people that live in urban areas don't understand what that problem is. Like. This is the problem that Vancouver has. So British Columbia outlawed brown bear hunting, you can hunt black bears 'cause people eat black bears and you can eat brown bears as well. But most people don't. And they, so they have in their mind hunting grizzly bears is in line with what they wanna call trophy hunting, which is gross. You're just killing an animal so you can stuff it, it's gross. We all agree it's gross. But the reality of grizzly bears in rural areas. I have a good friend who lives in northern bc.


He lives in like a very rural area. He's like, they're fucking dangerous. He had to shoot one that was trying to break into his cabin from three feet away. Yeah. He shot a large grizzly bear trying to get into his cabin and eat him. Yeah. From three feet away. Yeah. He, he said they're really bold now because they haven't hunted them for a, for a few years. So if you're running into a four or 5-year-old male, they don't know what it's like to be hunted. There's not, no one has any feelings of being nervous around human beings. And you remember the movie The Grizzly Man, right? Yes. Yeah. Timothy Treadwell. That's A fascinating, he Was lunch. That's my favorite unintentional comedy. Yeah. Because it's Werner Herzog, I think made that movie funny on purpose.


Of Course. That of course. That's like our You know source. It it's a really, it's a good movie. But I Well, it's great. Yeah. I'll never forget watching it in New York City. I was watching it at a theater the whole time. I was just saying like, oh my God. Like I just was being, I was angry with this guy. Right. you know, the, the deck, he was like worried about his bandana or his, you know, his whatever, whatever he was worried about. I was so pissed watching it. But it was a good movie. But it's the same thing. It's a less than extraordinary person who gets attached and addicted to extraordinary experiences. Yeah. Yeah. You're constantly around these, I mean, he got some incredible footage. Yeah. That guy got some amazing footage and he did some fucking hard camping. Okay. That guy was out there roughing it for a long ass time in a tent surrounded by monsters living in the grizzly maze.


He's a maniac. Yeah. Talking baby. Talk to the bears. He pulled it off, pulled it off for a long time. But you knew what was gonna happen if you watch that, like eventually something's gonna decide to eat him. And then that's exactly what happened. It's like these chips with these women Similar, but at least that guy's going to where they live. Yeah, of course. Of course. That, you know, I don't have any problem with someone deciding to do that. if you cure that fucking crazy and you want to throw yourself into the system and maybe live with them as for as long as it lasts. I mean, and maybe it also is suicide by bear. Right. Because that guy seemed really depressed and didn't seem like he was having a good time. Yeah. But he had the bear eat his girlfriend too. That was the, well, the bear like him getting well The bear eat his girlfriend after it ate him.


Right. It killed him. She was trying to defend him. She was hitting it with a frying pan and Yeah. But she was like, You know collateral damage. It was, I feel bad for the girlfriends. I do too. But again, like what kind of choices are we making in this life? Yeah. Yeah. But think about you, you asked a question about reintroduction or these attacks that occur. We, There was a story we didn't include. It was just too tangential, tangential. But There was a neighbor of the Missouri Primate Foundation, the chimp party place where all the animals were bred at, at a time in the nineties. She had 42 chimps living in the house in, in a, in a single property. One escapes a 19-year-old boy recognizes his dog in the backyard's being attacked by chimpanzee.


He grabs a gun, shoots a chimpanzee, he gets charged with destruction of property. It's a felony. Oh My God. He went, he went to prison. He went, Oh my God, For six months gets out his law. He missed the, the birth of his daughter. That's Insane. And his name is Jason Coates. It's a, it's a really interesting story. He, who the fuck tried that? And then guess what? Here's what happened two, two years ago. I think he gets his record expunged finally at 40 years old. And now he can, he can't get work. You know the guy's like a You know contractor. And he, he couldn't get work. That's so crazy. Yeah. That was so defending his property. He shouldn't have been in that situation in the first place. Well, also defending his life. Yeah. Like the, the reality of, if you understand chimpanzees, the person who had that champion, chimpanzees responsible.


It's not this man who's defending his life. Yeah. Yeah. You are so vulnerable to a chimpanzee if they decide to get after you. There's not a lot you can do. You, you could survive for A little bit, but it's gonna tear you apart. Yeah. That's just how it is. And if that guy is not armed and he can't protect himself, then what do you have? You have a person that gets torn apart by a chimpanzee that the idea that you can't protect yourself from someone's crazy fucking idea of harboring an animal, an enormous animal that's insanely strong and hyper aggressive and intelligent and uncontrollable. Yeah. That was a tragic story. Terrible. It's, it's really hard making these films 'cause so many good stories fall on the cutting room floor and so many great subjects.


And that was one of 'em. Well, you have to have some discretion in, in, in the process of casting subjects. I mean, it's a choice, but I also think the idea is it, it was also kind of far away from where We were going with these themes. Right. I think, well, It seems like you could do multiple series. Oh my God, we could continue with this thing. I, I it's harder and it's getting harder and harder to do. But is it also harder to get people to be natural on camera? Sure. And to not be performative. It's harder. I mean, what is harder now, and it's, it was hard in the very beginning also is that these people that keep You know I'm generalizing A little bit, but they, for the most part, they're very guarded about letting you in. Because one You know, they don't know if you're a spy for animal rights groups.


They don't know if you're the feds and they don't know if you're gonna steal their animals. And so a lot of these people have very valuable animals and they're You know, extremely guarded and paranoid about letting you in. Now of course it's even become harder because in our case, we've been sort of You know, become known. And so to continue this model of doing another story on, I don't know, bears Yeah. People are gonna be suspicious. But as far as being natural, I don't think that's so hard with Tanya and Joe You know Joe's obviously a performer in a sense, but we just film them and the more intimate you can make that filming experience for them, the more natural they become.


Right. So we, we work with hardly anybody You know with, with Tiger King, it was just me and a camera guy. And then You know and I drove back and forth from Texas to Oklahoma constantly, you know, Dallas to Oklahoma City. It was just two of us filming. And so the more intimate it is, the more You know, the less of an audience is watching. Right. While you're filming, the better it is. And also before Tiger King, there's no way they could have known how big that was gonna be. Oh My God. I didn't know. No, we didn't Know yet. No. No way. They could have ever anticipated some bizarre obscure documentary on people that are keeping pet cats. I started Our insurers didn't even know, but I started Making a film about the Six Extinction Big cats in America.


Yeah. Okay. That's like low risk. Yeah. Oh my God. We didn't, we didn't even know it was gonna be successful. So. Yeah. Well I, like I said, you guys caught lightning in a bottle is the perfect timing of people being locked in during the pandemic. You guys were kind of the early stars of the pandemic your show. Yeah. It was like, it was also a welcome escape from the craziness that We were all experiencing. Hmm. We were experiencing, everyone's wearing a mask. You're keeping away from people and then you're, at least when you're home with your family, like, oh my God, we're not these fucking idiots. We're crazy, but we're not this crazy. Like this, this World Is so much more insane than this new insane world that it became sort of A, little bit of a panacea for us.


Yeah. I I think I was telling Eric this You know, it's, so we get asked this question a lot about, you know, the state of You know non-scripted, unscripted shows, documentaries, and this, this dramatization that you're seeing as a trend. People making very cinematic, real stories, dramatic recreations. And Eric and I we we're talking about a lot because so much of our content is so much more surreal than anything we can even make up. Right. Or, or recreate. And that's what's, that's what's so surreal about our process and, and also just the stuff we capture. Right. It's, it's, it's stranger than fiction. Is is it It's stranger than fiction.


And it also comes off as authentic and as someone who's worked in reality tv it's not a reality. Okay. And especially the kind of reality shows that you think of as reality shows. They have all these scenarios set up. They'll edit things to make them look like different things happen. 'cause they just want you to keep them, keep people tuned in for drama. So if you're, you know, you're following a family around, they, they create drama. Sure. They have scripted shit. It's, and it feels like it. Right. The thing about Tiger King, and the thing about Chi crazy is it feels very authentic. It's crazy. God, I'm so glad you say that because I would fly into St. Louis, drive down to the Ozarks to film Tanya and You know.


She'd be like three hours late for some reason. And then she'd show up and she'd say, oh, You know I gotta go get my eyes done. And then I would be like, Tanya, you are three hours late. Can I at least film you with getting your eyes done? And not once were we setting her up or saying, can you You know, get your lip injections? She just would say, no. I got four o'clock appointment with my lip injection and We were, we just shadowed her. Mm. So it was just her life. Yeah. So it is authentic. Yeah. And we also have a, we also have percent also, you know, Eric, you know, we're also fortunate to have an incredibly talented team that can help, you know, create these experiences in a way on, on screen that, that make it authentic even More so.


Well it's also the editing process must Of course we had a great team, incredible Group of guy of of team. So as they're doing it, are they like marking down like key moments that they have someone who's like a stenographer or someone who's like marking down so You know like what to look for? Or do you at the end of the day go that thing where she went and got her lips done? We have to have that in. I mean, I wish we had what you just said. It would be very helpful. It seems like we Don't, you guys are Doing well. It's pretty, it's pretty organic. It's pretty organic. I think there's also You know, you, you, you follow the course story, which was Tanya's story. We kind of knew that we had it the minute the the missing chimpanzee happened or the, the supposed death occurred. So that was a story. Whereas where is the chimp?


And through that story, we're able to kind of latch on all these other things. Now what you don't know is we shot these other stories, You know out of Sequence You know that Travis came at the very end. So we had to figure out a way to You know, weave it into episode two, weave it into episode four. Mm. We knew we really wanted that end to serve as thematic connection to Tanya's story. But I just have to make one big overriding point, which is that this is not a good recipe for People. Yeah, sure. No. Making films like this because it's not, 'cause we You know, like there's all these sort of formulaic styles of documentaries. Like a biopic, a famous person or a take down documentary or true crime. What, what we do and I think we've just been really lucky, is we just start filming somebody never knowing.


Of course where this is gonna go. You know. And, and that is not a good smart way to make probably documentaries. 'cause what if it goes nowhere? Right. You know. I'm just, I'm just bringing that up. 'cause Right. You know. And so in order to do Jim Crazy after Tiger King, we actually film so many different things to get to gym people. You know, How do we, how do we spend less time on these things? Is what we've like kind of realized. Exactly. It's like exhausting. It's worth it though. It's worth It. It seems like there's no other way, there's no way to keep it authentic then it just shadow these people forever and then splice it down to four hours. Yeah. Yeah. Which is like, you have 250 plus hours of footage.


250 days of Footage. And it's like about, it's about 1300 hours roughly. Okay. 1300 hours down to four. Yeah. That's Now that's just primary camera. It's like You know, summarizing the days. I mean Right. Multiple cameras, multiple things happening in a day. Right, right. We, were very efficient. You know it's an eight to 12 hour day. We're capturing a lot of stuff in that day. So are you archiving and You like at the end of the day, so You know like what day this happened and what day that you're, so you do make sure that There's a process, there's a field process to ingest that has kind of the notes that we have for the day. What happened, what's interesting about the day and are gets in, Are you trying to fill to form the narrative of how you're gonna have the whole documentary series play out as you're doing that?


Or is it Just that comes so much later? Yeah. Okay. Like we have no idea where it's going. Probably for the first year and a half of filming You know, You know the case of Tim. Crazy. We didn't even discover Tanya until a year and a half. In A year and a half in I what? No, it's what kind of made, what made it what? It made it more complicated. So Like, we got our star. Well, You know what's so interesting, Joe and I wanna come back to this about You know. I saw you get a little emotional with the Buck story because I, we spent, it was really a, it was really a hard one for us to tell, but an important one to make sure we got that in. But the, we missed it. We missed it, we missed the cover. We, were gonna go, Eric and I, were gonna go to Pendleton to cover what was happening with Buck.


'cause we knew There was a violation that occurred from the state of Oregon that basically said, Tamara, you have to do these improvements, otherwise we're taking the animal away from you. And that had happened. We thought we would cover the response to that. Four days later, buck was shot. And we said to ourself and I, remember this so vividly. We, we can't, we have to trust our like instincts. Like when we like are into something, let's cover it, film it, send someone out and cover it if we need to. So we decided to film everything, everything including our conversations and process. Like very meta, which ended up becoming part of the story too, as you'll see more in four where we have to like turn her in basically. So the point with being is that the Buck story happened.


We thought we'd just send this guy Dwayne, who we recruited, to kind of join the team into, into Fest just to cover this confiscation thinking nothing was going to happen. Day happens, take the animals out, one is missing. And then the guy that we had sent there became friends with her and we just had to keep following, following it. So this guy became essential to this story with, with no intended intended, you know, reasoning for that. Yeah. So yeah, it's a, it's the, the making of became more interesting than the actual subject matter in a way to us. And kind of weaving that together came much, much later. It's not a good formula if you wanna Make money documentaries.


I mean, I'm interested though, so you're also kind of an outsider in this, but what was your kind of response to the industry You know, formulaic kind of way of doing things? Well, I mean doing what kind of things With reality TV programming or programming in general? Well, I think they, with reality tv it was pretty simple. I could see how it started. It was people that were involved in scripted shows and then scripted shows somewhere around the early two thousands got decimated by reality shows. And so these people who were already respected television producers, they made their way into reality television. And then they realized some of these people are pretty fucking boring. Most of the time. We don't have enough time to spend 250 days to film one episode of a show.


Right. Which is what you guys had to do. So instead what they do is they say, okay, today you're gonna argue about what to have for lunch. You know. And so Bob wants Mexican food. Sally wants Chinese food. You have to figure it out and you have to go around town and figure out where to eat. And you're eventually gonna decide this and this is the place you're gonna eat and you're gonna be happy. And so the whole thing is the personal dynamics, the the re you know, the relationships these people have to each other. How? And then they create drama along the way. Along the way. You gotta run into your friend from high school who's like perfectly made up You know, like well lit with a microphone on. Whoa.


So it's like it's bullshit. Yeah. It's bullshit. It's not really reality, but it's also not really a drama. It's real human beings. Right. That are doing nonsense and you feel it. Yeah. And then there's also like reality shows that are on specific subjects and those are bullshit too. Yeah. And then You know you have dating shows, which are super, super popular. 'cause like who is he gonna pick? Who's she gonna pick? How's this gonna work? Yeah. You know, we get excited about that. Or fucking these garage shows where someone shows up at a storage unit. Well, You know a lot of those shows. They fake it. They load up the storage unit. I didn't know that. 'cause yeah, so they can't be assured that this storage unit's gonna have some fucking pirates treasure in it. Right. So what do they do? They put pirates. You ruined that for a minute.


Yeah. So they pretend that they got this at an auction. Like who knows what's in it. Apparently the guy died. And in a mysterious way and there's people looking for 'em. We might really be onto something. And then you cut to commercial. Is that gold cut to commercial cut back from a commercial? Is that gold? But I even thought, I don't watch any of those shows. I even thought some of these like You know nature shows like Steve Irwin You know and I. I'm not, I know You know Forrest Gallant, but I always kinda wonder like, is he walking through the jungle and there he suddenly finds the snake? Is it It's gotta be set up a lot of the time. A lot of the time. I'm sure it is. Or the crocodile, Some of those shows. But a lot of the ones, like one of the more interesting things today is YouTube, right?


Sure. Because YouTube, you have these small, independent people. Like there's this guy we had on called Python Cowboy and this guy goes out into the Everglades every day and captures pythons. Yeah. And You know, like there's videos of him. He got bit by one, like really fucked up. His arms gushing blood. He's holding onto these. They're enormous. Yeah. There's more pythons in the Everglades than anywhere on earth. Bur Burmese pythons. Yeah. Burmese pythons that used to be people's pets. Or used to be a part of a, a reptile facility. So we're doing a, our next doc series is about reptiles and the smuggling reptiles. We have a whole section On that. That's another thing. I went down the rabbit hole last night. Nile crocodiles. I was going into Nile crocodiles in the everglade. I can tell you, I can tell you a lot about Nile crocodiles.


Tell me about Nile cro crocodiles in the Everglades though. 'cause what they were saying is they found a few, and the ones that they identified that they've captured that were definitely Nile crocodiles came from the same gene line. Mm. So they think they came from the same genetic source. Mm. But then There was another guy that I was watching this documentary last night, or this YouTube video rather last night, where he was saying that there's like huge crocodiles that take out cattle on the west side of Florida. No. Yeah. So he was, he was sketching me out. He was like 18 foot, 18 foot crops Killed cows. There's, there's like 23 or 24 species of crocodilians in, in the world. you know, that's, that includes Cayman crocodiles, alligators go rails. And the only Crocs that are really, really dangerous to man are saltwater crocodiles, Nile crocodiles, mugger crocodiles.


But the Crocs in Florida that are native You know American crocodiles. They are brackish water crock. They're not like Nile crocodiles that are in fresh water. So in Florida you basically just have American alligators. And there's a very small population of American crocodiles that are still native, but they're in sort of the estuaries and brackish water. They're Smaller. They Which ones are smaller American crocodiles? Well, they're bigger than alligators. Are they really? Yeah, for sure. What's the biggest American crocodiles they've ever found? Oh, they can be big. I've seen American crocodiles 'cause American crocodiles, the one we have in South Florida is the same crock that you see in costal Mexico goes down into Costa Rica. You can see I've looked over You know I've seen a lot of American crocodiles in Mexico.


Costa Rica. They're big. They're long longer than a, than your alligator out there. Really? Not that much Longer. But longer. Longer. So Jamie, can you find out what's the largest American alligator or American crocodile? I was under the impression that they were smaller species than the alligators were. And definitely smaller than the rest of their Truck. Check. Check. Check me on That. That's an alligator. No, That's alligator. That's alligator Monster cattle eating alligator shot in Florida. Look at the size of that thing. Okay. But that's unusual. Oh, 15 feet. Oh my goodness. Wow. Look at the size of that sucker. But you said earlier, crocodile Cow, American crocodile. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's the largest American crocodile Jamie Ever found? And the largest American alligator.


Right? I think the largest American alligator was 20 feet long. Wow. Really? That big? I think that's the longest one they've ever found. Wow. Wow. I love this fact. Check for you. Okay, Here we go. Fantastic. 14 foot. Yeah. So they're small. What? Yeah. Wait, What's the largest American alligator then? It's bigger. Definitely. For sure. Is it really? Wow. Yeah. 'cause that one that we have out there is 14 table Long. Yeah. It's like when you catch a fish, right? You say it's this big. I think that's how I'm being with it. Yeah. Okay. 19 feet, two inches. Oh Joe, You're right. All right. I'm wrong. I love This. Well, so there's a bunch of different ones, right? And the, the Nile crocodiles are a different animal. Like Nile crocodiles regularly get to 18 feet and there's, there's some really interesting reports from back in the day of much larger ones.


And so the question is like, what? Here's the thing about alligators and crocodiles in particular. They don't die of old age. They just keep getting older and bigger. And when you introduce human beings and guns into the equation, what are the people gonna shoot? Well they're gonna shoot the biggest ones. Right? So you have guns being introduced in the 18 hundreds and now in 2024 you can't find the really big ones. Well, one of the reasons for that is a really big one would take hundreds of years to get that big. So an alligator like that big fucker that they had, that the cattle eating 15 foot alligator, that guy might be 90 years old. You know. Yeah. So an a crocodile that gets to 30 feet long.


Right. Which is You know There was reports of ones that were longer than a 38 foot boat that these guys were on that This is a long time ago though. Yeah. And so there's all this speculation. Were these people just freaking out? 'cause it was big and they exaggerated. Is this hyperbole? Like what, what is this? Well, there's the other part of the speculation is, well for sure we know crocodiles used to be bigger. There was many, many species of crocodiles that were fucking enormous. Dinosaur eating crocodiles. Huge. Like what is the biggest ancient crocodile that was ever discovered? Fossilized. I think it's like in the neighborhood of 50 plus feet long. I like this right now what we're doing and I like that.


You were right. and I was wrong. I like That too. You should tell me about gigantic o Well, so my point is that like these things are, they're so different than us that it's hard for us to even imagine. Okay. The biggest fresh water croc ever was 40 feet long. Yeah. That's remarkable. 110 million years ago. Wow. What about salt water? Wow. Is that the largest crocodile period? Or is it what they all the big ones. Fresh freshwater. Right. What is the, is that the largest, biggest crocodile fossil ever found? Okay. Cross sea. Largest seed dwelling. One 30 feet long. Interesting. So the 40 foot long one was bigger.


Hmm. Interesting. You know. So these ones that they, okay. Super croc, massive fossilized croc discovered in the aula, how do you say that? aia. AIA formation in Big Bend National Park. 40 to 50 feet long jaws with six inch teeth. Good Lord. Wow. Good Lord. Big bend. Good Lord. Six inch teeth. How great. Just imagine fucking six Polk County teeth and it's 40 feet long. Oh my God. I mean, I think saltwater Crocs and Nile Crocs. Right. Eat more people. Right? Yes. Today. Well I have, that's insane. A friend Jim Shockey, who's actually a professional hunter that was hired to go to Africa to shoot some of these man eating crocodiles that were taking out these people in this village.


And the footage that he got of it is so disturbing. 'cause everyone in the village is missing something. Everyone in the village is either missing an arm or missing a leg or has a bite taken out of them. And while he was there, a woman got snatched up when she was trying to do a laundry. So it's a very poor village. And these people are at the mercy of these monsters that are actively hunting them. So what they do is they, so if they want to do something like have a place where they can retrieve water safely. Right. What they do is they put like giant poles in the ground all around. So they essentially like encase this area. Right. Pri But the problem is, primitive cro crocodiles have figured it out. Yeah. Yeah. And then they go in there and then just settle in and they just wait for you.


'cause they can walk around on land obviously. So they go out the wa and they go, oh the fuckers, they only go in this little area. How do I get in that area? And they're watching you underwater for hours without breathing. You know, I, I work a lot in Madagascar and we have not crocodiles in Madagascar, but they're not as big as mainland Nile Crocs. But I know that in Madagascar it's when people go to wash their clothing a around the edge of these lakes that they get You know. And every, that's Their instincts. 'cause that's how they get deer. Like these little species, Every, every year people die washing their clothing in Madagascar from, from Nile Crocs. Yeah. But Oh. yeah. That, yeah. So the speculation is that there's breeding populations of those Nile Crocs in the Everglades.


Really? Yeah. Wow. Wow. People. Yeah, they, they've Why Not? Why Not? They've seen enough of them. See if you can find like what's the latest breeding crocodile breeding Nile crocodiles in the Everglades. They have a shoot on site order for them. I mean it makes sense. I always wondered why there were not anacondas and in the making of this reptile documentary we're doing, the reason we've been told that they're not anacondas in the Everglades is that they didn't import anacondas in the way they did. Burmese pythons. Burmese pythons. From what we understand, the python skin people in, in Thailand and Malaysia, they would collect the eggs and breed You know have the babies and send thousands of babies, baby Burmese pythons to the US.


And that never happened with Anacondas. But you think about Anacondas 'cause they would live in the Everglades. You Also, you're meeting the guy responsible for that tomorrow. It's unclear if Nile crocodiles are Breeding. You're Unclear if they're breeding in the wild in Florida. But here's some information about Nile crocodiles and breeding in Florida. Nile cro first observed in Florida in the sixties. Wow. Wow. Wow. Believe they've captured all the Nile crocodiles in the area. Nile crocodiles become established at four. They could threaten native species. Well that's what pythons have done. Yeah. I mean they might have to bring in the Nile Crocs to kill a pythons. But what's interesting about that, you know, in the sixties, but in the sixties, alligators were endangered people for that. Yeah. Yes.


Well I lived in Florida in the seventies and I lived in Florida. They were in danger. They Were on the endangered species list. People used to feed 'em marshmallows. Oh wow. Yeah. I lived in Gainesville, Florida. We used to go. And then when I was there, some lady got her dog snatched and then everybody got kind of freaked out. Everybody in the town was like, whoa. Because they got way too comfortable with alligators. Yeah. Because alligators, when they get used to people, they just lay around. Mm. So they would just sit on the banks and we would go to the fucking park like Lake Alice is where the lake is. We'd go to the park and hang out and alligators would just be hanging out there. Right. and I was a little kid. It was normal. Mm. It was normal to see alligators just sunning themselves. And they were endangered back then. Yeah. And now they're not in endangered at all.


And now they're everywhere. And crocodile farming had a lot to do with why they're not endangered really. From what I understand. Yeah. 'cause what took pressure off of Crocs just globally, not so much alligators, but crocs in general was when the farming happened, it took pressure off of hunting them, obviously for skins. Right. Right. And, and the farming or crocodiles has been a really, You know, it's controversial, but it's really been a, a success story for wild crocodilians. But why is that? How does it affect alligators? Well they did they, that's a good question. I think it was crocodile farming. You should ask, but I know crock farming in general has protected crocodilians across the board.


I guess they used to hunt alligators also for skins. Or am I wrong Oh? Yeah, for sure. They still Do. Okay. So maybe that, I Mean, they, they still breed 'em for skins and hunt them for skins, but now they have a, an overpopulation problem. So I was just curious to like, how would crocodile farming make that happen? I don't think that, I think it's probably just a natural reaction to the fact they weren't hunted anymore and then they just blossomed and it just took a few decades. And then you have enormous populations over. Yeah. Yeah. That may be true. No, crock farming has helped crocodilians across the board. Sure. That's for sure. And storms patterns. Right. Shifting, isn't that also true? American alligators were on the endangered species list. Like Yeah. Spread. They were very rare in the sixties. Now they're incredibly common. Well, they Were very rare because they were over hunted.


They were over hunted. Exactly. I mean, that's the problem when We were talking about deer, one of the things that was established through Teddy Roosevelt and when they set up the National Parks and Wildlife Services in this country. Right. They had market hunting before that. Mm. And they had wiped out everything. Mm. They used to be elk over 50 states. They used to be everywhere. Well, The eastern elk is extinct. Yes, Exactly. And we have rocky mountain elk now that have been transplanted into the east. But the, the market hunting was a real problem. We had decimated the populations of all these things. Yeah. They were just hunting deer and all these different animals and, and selling 'em for food. Yeah. And oftentimes it's like bison, they would just sell their tongues, which is really crazy. 'cause bison meat is thought to be like some of the best meat.


But they were, they're pickling their tongues and sending them back east. Wow. You're now making me think about something. and I don't know the facts. 'cause I I But the migratory bird act is some You know that we used to shoot birds all the time. And obviously the most common bird, or one of the most common birds was passenger patients. Oh. yeah. Right. And it was There was so many fill the Sky. It would fill the sky. Yeah. Yeah. And then I think the migratory burdock came into effect that Anyway. But, but you're right around the Teddy Roosevelt period. Yeah. These people killed off all the, there were so many passenger pigeons, they were fucking everywhere. And we killed 'em off for food And for feathers and people's hats apparently crazy. Anyway. Yeah. We're gross. But so what do, what do, what do you think? So it's, so you have, you have Teddy Roosevelt National Park system.


I like think you called me On stuff in services. You have things like migratory bak. You have things like the esa which you know, had its own unintended consequences, which you co we actually cover in our series about stopping importation, but propelling domestic interest Yes. Through breeding. Yeah. And, and, and You know the demand that's created through us zoo systems that you see. So what happens next, I guess is, is a Question. It's complex and the problem is people are very dug in on their sides. Yeah. You know. You have people that are very dug in with the animal liberation idea. They're very dug in with peta and veganism and dug in with anti-hunting. And then there's people that are ranchers and then there's people that are very dug in to animals are our property.


It's, it's quite complicated. And it's just one of those things about being a human being is there's nuance to most things that are important to all of us. Sure. And the success of wildlife is important to all of us. It's so true. And one of the things we've tried to do A little bit is bring the animal rights groups closer together with the conservation biologists groups so that they can kind of work together. 'cause you're right. Yeah. They're so polarized. Well, there's also, the problem is, like We were talking about with bc I didn't really finish my thought, but the reason why they outlawed bear hunting in BC is 'cause the high population centers are all urban. So people don't have any experience with grizzly bears trying to eat their dogs or grizzly bears killing hikers, grizzly.


They, they don't experience it. If they did, they'd be terrified there. It's a giant predator and you have no chance if it catches you out in the wild. I don't think we should ever kill off all the grizzly bears, but they should control the populations. And the way to control the populations ethically is you do it through hunting. As much as this seems counterintuitive to people that love wildlife, the right way to do it is you have informed, well-schooled biologists that really do a great job of managing the, the numbers that are in the area. And then you have people that spend enormous amounts of money to hunt those things. And then that money goes into maintaining the population and make sure that it's at a healthy balance.


If there's too many bears genocide, I mean, in infanticide and bears is common, almost all bears are cannibals. They, they, they eat their own babies. It's the whole thing is mad. And if they don't have enough food and or if the, the males come out of the, if, if if they're hibernating and they come out before the female does with their cubs, they'll actively seek out those cubs for food. And they will do less of that if there's less of them. And if there's more of a balance between predator and prey. And that's where it gets weird. Because as a person who loves nature, who are we to say you should kill a certain amount of bears and a certain amount of wolves that seems fucked.


Like we should just sort of like, let it be what it is and enjoy it. But the problem is it leaks over into this strange world that we've created. And this is the reality. if you want to be able to go to Starbucks, if you want to be able to go outside and have a cheeseburger in an outdoor patio, you can't have fucking wolves everywhere. Okay. This is just reality. And we're accustomed to this artificial enclosure that we've created to keep human being safe. And we've lost our perspective of what it means to be an animal in the world. Yeah. No, I mean, like calling elephants. if you don't manage elephants, they'll denude everything and then you, they'll all die.


Well, there's that, but there, there's also, they don't give a fuck who planted that food. If you're in a village and your whole family survival is dependent upon you getting these vegetables that you've planted and then elephants come in and and eat all your vegetables, you could very easily starve to death. And that's real too. Yeah. And people don't want to think about that because you think of elephants. Well, elephants are endangered. Yes they are. Elephants are hunted for their ivory. Yes, they were. But also elephants are a Africa is fucking huge. There's not the same amount of black bears in San Francisco as there are in You know rural Wyoming. Right.


It's 'cause that's the, the environment to live. if you went to San Francisco You like, oh my god, black bears are extinct, but You know, go to New Jersey. They're everywhere. Right. So it's, it's not that the animal is that, you know, you shouldn't have any of them. It's just like you, there's, there should be places where they exist and places where they don't exist. And if you wanna maintain a city, you're gonna have to do something about the population of predators. You're gonna have to do something. It's just like how far outside of your city does, does human control radiate? Well then you have ranchers. Right? Okay. if you want to have a guy who grows cows so you can eat steak. Yeah. You're gonna have to be able to protect this guy's cropper. It's not gonna be profitable for him to, to do this. You're gonna have to be able to protect his, his Animals. I, I completely agree. Keep animal human conflict.


You know if you want to keep it at bay, keep wild animals in the wild. I would question and I think you're right, bringing or reintroducing grizzly bears into areas where there are high densities of humans. It's a recipe for trouble. Well It's also completely theoretical. And right now it's theoretical. Although they did just recently rein reintroduce grizzlies back into Washington state. I don't mean theoretical in a sense that they haven't done it as, as far as what the outcome's gonna be. Hmm. Like you really don't know. And especially if they get to a point where they become bold and they're not threatened by people at all anymore. And, and that's what happens in certain parts of the country. That's what happens when they have too many of, of them in a specific area.


And then they compete for resources. And it can get weird out The outcome of Tiger King. and I mean no one knows this, but I'll tell you this, or I don't think anyone knows it publicly, but, you know, a few things happened. One thing, this federal law called Big Cap Public Safety Act was passed largely because of Tiger King. But the other thing we did just sort of privately is we donated a million dollars to Tiger conservation in India and one of the, one of the countries where tigers are still doing quite well. And so we went to visit the program last September in India. And You know, it just was so interesting 'cause you We were talking about bears attacking people in India.


They do live with tigers and they do have obviously a certain amount of people that get killed every year. But the, the key is to keep enough prey within the area where these tigers are. It's when the local people, I guess out hunt or You know, compete with the prey that the tigers start going into more human You know, basically start looking at humans as, as something to eat. But anyway, I just bring that up 'cause it was something that, it was a byproduct of Tiger King that You know. It was something that we did just quietly as the, the people that I did Tiger King with. Including you, not So quietly Now don't they? That money not so quietly. Now you got, You aware the cinder bands Yeah. And the tiger attacks and cinder bands. Absolutely.


Cinder bands are fascinating. 'cause hundreds of thousands of people have been killed by tigers Beautiful wetlands the last several hundred years. Yeah. Yeah. But also brackish water. And they think that might contribute to the aggression of the tigers they drinking in like salty water and they're just constantly irritated. But they seem to kill people for sport. Really? Yeah. There's this one story of this group of men that are in a boat and they're rowing this boat in the water. And they're, I, I don't know if they're rowing it, but they're, they're trying to get away from this tiger. This tiger jumps into the water, swims up to the boat, kills a guy, drags him to shore, jumps back in the water, swims out to the boat again. Kills another guy, drags him to shore. And one guy gets away to safety. One or two guys got away to safety.


And were they wearing masks behind their heads? They Weren't. But yeah, that's also what they do. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. When they walk around there and they do surveys of the animals, but it's also insanely difficult to find out where they are too. Yeah. Because the grass is so high and, and You know they're just built to fuck things up. That's what their job is. Yeah. And if people live around them, people are on the menu. That's just what it is with Tigers. It, It didn't make it into Tiger King, but we filmed in southern Nepal a place called Chiwan National Park, where Tigers are doing very well. And they actually have armed guy, you know, guards with like machine guns to protect the tigers from poachers. We filmed there, but it's pretty remote and I don't remember how many people get killed.


But, but yeah, it, it, it, where are tigers? People are going to, you know, have problems. Yeah. If there's high densities of people. But you know, it's all, there's a reason why human beings don't live. You're not supposed to live there. You shouldn't be living with a tiger. Oh, that's Also, they have to, they're stuck. They're fucked. But boy, we should figure out a way to develop some sort of an area there where they don't have to live like that. There's A lot of people too. I mean, it is amazingly, it's amazing, Right? India has a billion people. Yeah. It's amazing that in India there's still tigers at all because it's one of, or the second most populated country in the world is or is it? Yeah, I believe so. It feels like when you're in India, there's people everywhere. Right. Like you think you're going off on some rural road, it's just, there's people. Right. But if you go into a place where the jungle is like, where the tigers live, it's like really hard to live there.


Like, and, and then the people that are living there are probably, they have no options or they're the poorest. Yeah. And so they're living You know in sort of a traditional way out exposed. And then they have to figure out how to protect themselves in these, these enormous stealthy cats that are sneaking around everywhere they go. Fuck. But you see plenty of cows, which is amazing by the way, just kinda ro which is so nuts. Which is roaming, which is so just roaming these kind of You know Windy rights. That is I would sacred cows. I would really love to know what the origin of the sacred cow is. Really love to know the origin of that. That's a one of the most fascinating things. That you have a place where people are starving and they choose not to eat cows.


Yeah. Fascinating. Yeah. And they stop and the just the tra the traffic stopping, which is You know in these roads that have no lanes and they're all just kind of, thats what I first visit. India is wild, But it's, it's so crazy that they stick to this one thing. Yeah. Like I was just watching this news report of this group of people that were not Hindu. I think they were of some other religion. And they lived in India and they got arrested for killing cows. So they had cows in their yard. They arrested for them and they bulldozed their homes. Oh wow. Wow. Yeah. See if you can find that general. Oh, they're also probably Muslim. I believe they were. Yeah. Yeah. But more people die from what, in India?


In terms of wildlife? Is it snakes? Probably Mosquitoes. Yeah. Mosquitoes. I mean, Of course, of course. Mosquitoes. But after that, snakes or tigers. I don't know. That's a good que I don't think it's tigers. I think the sundarbans is the, the area where they get jacked pretty regularly. Right, right. But, and also, how many, many people are doing surveys on how many, how many people are missing? you know, when you're going into these like very remote areas. Yeah. How many people know? Yeah. Indian authorities, bulldogs, bulldozer homes of 11 people after finding beef and fridges. Yeah. Incredible. That's Ins I mean that is Slaughter of cows, which Hindus worship as a deities banned in most of India as his consumption of their meat. Isn't that fucking Fascinating? Well, you cut down an oak tree in California. You're right.


They're not gonna bulldoze your Fucking house. You know. t they nuts. Depends. They're kind of tree. Isn't That nuts? People found beef in their fridge and, and cows in their backyard. So they, they Wait those in India, you, you can eat a hamburger. You cannot. Yeah. They're not really, really, I was just In India. I think you can get in like hotels and stuff. Think so. You can't get it at like a i Oh wow. They allow it in hotels. Yeah. You can get it at a, I mean animal. I was just in India. Well, you can Eat lamb. So you can eat sheep, you can eat, you can eat other different animals. You just can't eat cows. Yeah. Wow. I didn't even think of that when I was there. A lot of people think it has its roots and psychedelic mushrooms that psilocybin grows on cow manure and that these people, which is Oh wow.


Because one of the oldest, what is it? I think it's called Choctaw Hayo. It's like one of the oldest known civilizations, which was a cattle worshiping civilization. And they had like these like, why were people who are fucking starving to death? Like barely getting by? Why were they like into worshiping cows? Hmm. Well that's where you got all your mushrooms. It completely makes sense. It's almost the only thing that makes sense. It's almost the only thing that you could, especially if you have like ancient stories of soma and these different psychedelic compounds that the Hindus would would eat. And these different psychedelic notions or potions rather that were talked about where we don't really know what the composition of them was.


But we do know that psilocybin mushroom has a long history of use and it's really common to find them growing on cow manure. Why? Why those of poor people that don't have any food, not eat this one animal. Hmm. I don't know. But I've seen mushrooms in cow manure getting Very confusing information on the burger. And India, they Have chicken. You chicken all you want baby. They Definitely seem to have burgers. But I don't know that they're making them with like beef ground beef though. Right. Could be like a lamb burger. Should be, it Could be all kinds of stuff that they call Burger. Right. When you get Indian food, it's always lamb. It's a bit more western now. I mean, if you're going like kind of more, you know, Not to these people. Yeah. Fucking these people wasn't western enough. I they bulldoze their fucking house a couple Months ago. That's Remarkable. That's incredible. I bet they're also Muslim though.


That's also Yeah. Right, right. It's like the uyghurs get treated. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of the You know. Yeah, I'm sure there's some of that too. Yeah. But it's, it's just our relationship with animals is very bizarre and I think most people have like a really stunted understanding of it. They're, they're, they're never really around wild animals. It's a squirrel or a pigeon or something like that. It's like they don't see animals. We're further and further things. It's kind of perverse our Relationship with animals. It's, well, so c cities, as much as I love them, they're perverse, they're strange. And they've, they've done us a lot of harm psychologically.


They've, they've created people that are much more vulnerable than they've ever been before. They're soft and lazy and entitled and everything comes easy to them. and I don't think that's normal for human beings either. And you can get food anywhere you want and all the worst kinds of food. And you're in a prison of your own choosing. You're going from one closed environment to another closed environment riding around your car or the subway or whatever you're doing. And we're completely disconnected to what it meant to be a human being for hundreds of thousands of years. And it happened in a blink of an eye in a couple of hundred years. All of a sudden we're fucked. Yeah. Yeah. And we're trapped in this bizarre system. Yeah. And in this system, You know, occasionally we, we interact with animals and we don our understanding of it and what we think of it, what we think it is is so di and we have anthropomorphization through like You know yogi bear and all that kind of stuff.


Yeah. And we're, we're so weird with the way we interact with animals and we, every piece of It would, I was so lucky to grow up in nature and I take it for granted. Now, where'd you grow up? I grew up mostly in Northern California, but I was like a feral kid. My mom, my mother always said, Eric, you were feral. We didn't plan anything. I would spend my days fishing and hiking in the creeks. What, What part of northern California In Sonoma area. Oh, okay. But I, oh, It's beautiful up There. But then I spent 40 something years in New York City, but I never lost that. What you're talking about and that interest and love of going out into nature. But I think you're right. Today people don't have the experience I had so many kids are from an urban You know Yeah.


World. And they can't connect. We don't even know what it's like. But there, I mean, I would imagine if you went to a city, your average city like a New York City or Los Angeles, the average person there, what, what percentage of them spend any time at all alone in the woods? Yeah. It's very few. Yeah. We've lost our connection. I think we had this conversation with Carl Eric recently, which kind of put it really well for me. So much of the conversations you have is, oh, we're gonna go connect with nature. We're going to Botswana for the summer and You know do tourism. But what you really can do is put a bird feeder outside your window and connect to nature that way. And you'll see lots of different birds and, but You must have, you must have grown up in nature in some way or No, not really. Oh, okay. No, not really.


But why do you then have such a like, connection to it in a good Way? 'cause it's in, I like interesting things. Yeah. you know, I'm, it's, it's really interesting. The fact that so few people engage in it is also interesting to me. Mm. Because I'm, I'm fascinated by the, just whatever the pull of urban life is, like what is the gravity of urban life that it's changed us into these soft, nonself sufficient beings that is completely relying on some strange system that's ultimately polluting the world and decimating of its resources. Yeah. Like what, what are we, like we're weird. Yeah. And time I spend in the woods, in the, in the wilderness.


Just, just being out there. You just, you get a, a different sense of what life actually is. You know, you just, it's, it's so extraordinary to see wild animals in the wild, like wild deer and elk and bears and see them existing. It's, it's incredible. It's better than any movie. It's, it's like it gives you a vitamin that you didn't know you needed. Yeah. You know, like the feeling that you get when you go out in the sun. Like maybe you've been indoors in the winter and then there's a nice sunny day in the spring. Everybody's outside in the park. Like, gimme my vitamins. Right. Doesn't it feel like that? Yeah. You're lying down You like, gimme my vitamins. That's what it feels like on a nice sunny day at, in like Central Park.


Right. That is a, there's a, a vitamin that we get in the wilderness that we are, we don't know we're lacking in. Yeah. I think it's a part of being a person. I think, I think it's a part of being interconnected to every life form that exists where wherever we are and we don't think we are because we live in a apartment and we play Nintendo and we You know we're locked into this thing that human beings have created, but we're missing something. And it's not as extreme as Tonka being trapped in that lady's basement, but it's in the neighborhood. There's something about it that's real similar. There's something about it that's real weird.


Where, where our, our own prison of our own choosing is not good for us. And it's interesting, You know most all of the characters in Tiger King and Chi crazy did have, have never seen Champs or tigers in the wild or had any interest. You know. They were just, that's crazy. They were just in, they didn't have the Intellectual, they just wanted control. They didn't have the intellectual curiosity that you would think they would have to see them in the wild. I'm not shocked. Yeah. I do have a question though. Really important. The chip with the McNuggets chicken nuggets. Did, does he open up the sauce and dip? Yes. Did you show him dipping? He Peels. Yeah. He, I mean, well In that you didn't him dipping, I I think Camet different like this, but They Oh, he sucks it out.


But they Are dextrous enough and they have eaten so much McDonald's. They do know how to do that. So they do dip the, the nuggets and the sauce. I don't think it's in that shot, but, But they, I I've seen the, the, they actually peel it with their mouth. Mm. Yeah. They peel the wrapper off. Right. They don't like wrappers. They dig in with the nugget and get it in The, I think they just mustard squeeze it in their mouth. Oh, not dipping. No, I like That Question. That's a good one. We. Were confused. Yeah. He's gonna dip and then it cut away. we don Is he fucking Dipping? What? I mean, the sauce toss moment was just so surreal. Amazing. Where's you want your sauce? It's real. Here's Your sauce. Yeah. That sauce. It was so surreal. Incredible. They know too much like just the, the communication Get that piece of paper and he gets the paper and brings it back.


They knew too much. Yeah. It's too creepy. It's too, it's, it's so weird. I mean, you guys did an amazing job of capturing it and thank God you found that one nutty lady. 'cause she really glues it all together. But everybody, everybody should watch it. It's, it's really good and everybody should watch it also because you have to know that that's a thing. Like you You know if you don't know what people are really capable of until you watch like a serial killer documentary and you go, oh Jesus Christ, that's a thing. Yeah. So you don't know that people are keeping chimps in their house until you watch your show and you go, oh, that's a thing. Like, because, But but wake it wakes you up from human confinement to the You know the symptom you just described of urbanization and coastal bubbles.


Yeah. It's, it's kind of the people are like, oh my God, is this America? Like, what do you, are you of course like go outside 45 minutes away from where you live. Right, right, right. I didn't know it was a thing. And I've been involved with animal people my whole life, so Yeah. It's a thing monkey moms. It's A, yeah, there's a lot. I mean, I'm not saying that I'm, I'm not saying that it's, it's, it's a common thing. if you, if You let people, They'll do it. There's some strange obsessions in this, in this world. Yeah. if you, if you give people free license to do it. I mean, it's one of the great things about being American, you have so many freedoms. There's so many things you could do. But it's also like, at a certain point in time, we gotta wake up and go, Hey, putting a dolphin in a fucking swimming pool is evil You know.


And one day when AI can transcribe dolphin communication, we're gonna probably realize they're as smart as us. And that's where it gets really, really, really scary, is that we have been engaging in a form of indentured slavery. We've, we've captured them, we've raised them from child, from the time they're a baby. They've been in captivity. The whole thing is completely disgusting. And yet it's a normal part of life. And until blackfish, most people weren't even aware that it was a thing or what it actually was. When you see orcas behave in the wild versus the way you see them trapped in those swimming pools, it's torturous.


Their skin's falling off and the whole thing. Yeah. But but think about this a hundred years ago, you can go to the Bronx Zoo and see You know a, a boy in a cage. A banga it photo. A photo photo Is Me. Remarkable. They kept in a cage. Right. What year Was that? 1930s. 18 Is it 19 or twenties? Was it twenties? Maybe. but shouldn should have this Photo, which is incredible. He ly shot his brains out. Even people then knew that ban this, you know, you know, basically a indigenous man from West Africa with these 1912 or something like that, I wanna say. Anyway, but he, even then people would disturb to see a human being next to a gorilla in The Bronx Zoo. And he was in a cage by himself.


I think he was in the, a house at the Bronx Zoo. Well, first he was brought for the world's Fair on display. Wow. You know to show Here. we go, there he is. There You go. They shaved his teeth down to to be more, to like fangs. Oh my god. Shark shark teeth 1904. There it is. So what, what year at the Bronx Zoo? 1906. 19 Oh oh. So he died in 1916. That's right. Okay. Wow. So he was an exhibit 1904. Turn Of the century. Yeah. Yep. Jesus. So that's our history. Right. 1964 Bronx Zoo. This incredible, I-I-I-I-I love this this image. It was a, it was a dis it was an exhibition, right. The, the, the World's Most Dangerous Animal.


And it's a reflection Oh. yeah. It's a mirror with bars. And you walk into it and you see yourself. Wow. But they Were, it's a really cool image. Were Conscious of that in 19, find 1964. 1964. Well, it was 20 years after we dropped a fucking couple of nuclear bombs. Yeah. This is a, this is a proative, But how cool is that image? That is cool. That's, yeah. You would never have that today. The most dangerous animal in the world is us, which is You know. So true. Yeah. Well it certainly is numerically Yeah. You know. And also just the impact we have overall. We're a sketchy group, but we know more about us because of stuff like what you guys have done.


So thank you very much. Cool. It was really fun talking to you. And did HBO fund this or did you guys bring it to HBO after it was done? We pro probably went mid midstream. So if we kind of, typically what we do is we figure out if we have something we self fund and develop something until we get to a point where we think it's ready. I mean, tiger King, I almost finished it before I brought it to anybody. Oh Wow. So I think now we have the ability to kind of control output in terms of control of what the ultimate product can be. It was A little bit harder that back then. Yeah. But yeah, it's, we kind of figure out if it's worth it or not and then we take it out. But Joe, thanks for having us. Yeah. My pleasure. You guys nailed it twice.


It's Chimp Crazy's. Really good. Yeah. Thank you. And of course, tiger King was awesome too. And what I said, I, I really mean, I think you, you guys are doing something that's, you're giving us a, a better understanding of humans. You know through this very strange lens of watching these very bizarre people and their psychological misfortunes. Like whatever it is about them, whatever unfortunate aspect of their, their, their mind, the way they interface with the world allows them to do that. It gives us a better understanding of ourselves. I really think so. Oh. So I appreciate you having us. Yeah. My pleasure. Thank you guys. Really cool. And please finish the show. I will, I will.


I was just bummed out last night. Okay. Thank you very much guys. Bye.