
This episode is brought to you by the farmer's dog. We all want to do the best for our dogs, but there's a lot of mixed messaging out there. Take kibble, for example. You don't have to do too much digging to learn that kibble is actually ultra processed. That aside, they're vague serving suggestions. Make it very difficult for your dog to sustain a healthy weight. Now there's a better option. The farmer's dog is healthy food made with real meat and vegetables by people who care about what goes into your dog's. Body board certified nutritionist develop their recipes to be complete and balanced, making their food to the same safety standards as human food. It's lightly cooked to retain vital nutrients and then pre-portioned to suit your dog's needs. All this helps your dog reach and maintain their ideal weight. One of the biggest predictors of a longer, healthier life, try the Farmer's dog today. You can get 50% off your first box of healthy freshly made food at the farmer's dog.com/rogan. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the Farmer dog.com/rogan. This offer is for new customers only.


It's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in on all the hoops, football and hockey action at DraftKings Sportsbook. In the season of giving, we're being gifted college football and basketball, pro football and basketball and pro hockey too. Almost 24 7 money lines parlays, props, live bets, and so much more. The betting options feel endless on DraftKings. Best of all, it's safe, secure, and reliable with 24 7 support. And here's a gift for all new customers. Bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use Code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks. Happy Holidays from DraftKings. The crown is yours. If you or someone You know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia Problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only. Eligibility restrictions apply. Bet must win to receive reward bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio Rogan podcast.


Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Alright, cool. What's happening? Hey, great to be back. Thanks for having me. Your movie is really funny. It's really funny by myself laughing out loud hysterically today, But I watched it in the sauna. I watched it in the gym. I watched it. It it was, it's one of the best comedies I've seen in a long time because there's so many moments that, that are so uncomfortable. That means a lot. I appreciate that. Yeah, that's what we're, what we're hoping for. The Robin, the Robin D'Angelo one where you gave that guy money for reparations.


Yeah. And you got her. She thought it was uncomfortable. Yeah, That was kind of, we got, well we, when we had the idea for the, for the film to talk about race, we knew we needed to get Robin dangelo. I didn't think we'd get her, 'cause I figured she'd be a lot more Savvy. Cautious, Yeah. Yeah. Savvy and cautious. But apparently she doesn't, she has no idea what's happening outside of her bubble at all. So she didn't know who I was. I mean, I gave her my name and she had no clue. So, wow. So, but we, we kind of went into that knowing what, what the end was supposed to be if we could get her, we came up with that idea. We went to a bar the night before the interview, and we came up with this idea.


Could we get her to actually pay reparations to ban our black producer? And we had to kind of talk him into it. And, You know, it was really just like, in real time. I was there for about two hours and it was an hour and a half of the most mind numbing conversation. Or I'm just, none of that's in the movie. 'cause it's just me like fluff questions. And I, and I'm, and I'm repeating back to her own ideas so she knows that I'm a safe person. Right. It's a safe space. And then you gotta build to it and build to it and build to it. And then finally you get to a point where you can do something a little weird. And she'll and she'll probably go along with it. And, and she did. I mean, you saw we'd go through a whole, we have a whole series of exercises we we wanna do with her.


And she went, she did it. She was, she was game. So That was, and That was one of the first things we filmed. So after we got that, we knew that, okay, we have a movie here. I feel Like you got your money's worth with her seeing as it's $15,000. But I feel like you got robbed by the, the lady that got upset about the mascot 50 grand. You barely got anything out of her. Yeah. That was, well, part of the, the point of the movie is that's why we put the, the price tags on the screen, we want people to see how absurd it is. So in a certain way it was Like, it, the, the higher they quoted the price, we said, great, we'll pay, we'll pay that. 'cause this is this, we want this in the movie.


Right. Because if all these people had said, Oh yeah, I'll do it for free, or I'll do it for 200 bucks, just pay my travel. Doesn't really make the point. Right. But they all were, were quoting exorbitant prices and she was, she was the most $50,000. And then she basically said almost nothing. But, but it was, it was okay. No one ever found out who the identity of the mascot is. No, I don't Think So. It would've been hilarious if it was a person of color. Well, It almost certainly was. It, it almost certainly was because if it was a white guy, They would've thrown him under the bus. Yeah, Yeah. They would've. So the fact that they didn't, yeah, it could, it's probably some like Hispanic kid or something. And You gotta imagine you can't see real good with that fucking costume.


Have you ever put a mascot costume on? I haven't, But I can tell that there's little is isolates. You can't even see what's below you. Exactly. Duncan. And that's why, Yeah, Duncan and I did a whole podcast where we pretended to be furries. We lasted, we, we, every podcast we do, we dress up, we'll dress up like Star Wars people or whatever, spaceship people. We did a podcast as furries. We kept the helmets on for maybe five minutes. We're like, I can't fucking do it. And we both took 'em off. We're like, props to the furries. If you could run around with this thing on, this is hard to do. Like you can't see shit. You can't breathe. So the idea that he missed those kids is like, And the furry, the furries are doing a lot more than running around in those things too. So that's the They are, they're They are, I think they designed special ones for that.


Yeah. I don't even want to know, But I, but like a hatch. But that's, it's actually a perfect example of the, what these people do. These, these race hustlers that something happened. It was A little bit unpleasant. Yes. Not a big deal. There's a million ways to interpret that. It's just a normal human thing that happens in the world. Like things happen that are A little bit unpleasant. You're disappointed your kid didn't get a high five. Okay. It happens. But for them, they have one lens for seeing the world. And the lens is through this left wing racial ideology. So everything that happens is colored by that. Right. And everything is understood through that lens. So anything, I mean, you think about Michelle Obama, when she was First Lady, she had multiple stories that she would tell about as first lady being discriminated against because of her race allegedly.


And one of them was, she was in line for ice cream or something and someone cut in front of her. And she told this story in some interview, this very dramatic story about, well, they didn't see her 'cause she's black. And meanwhile it's like we've all been cut in lady. People have cut in front of all of us. It's just that if it happens to me at Walmart, I don't think of it racially. I just think, oh, this person's an asshole. Exactly. But for her it's all, it's all racial. So that's kind Of Well that's a crazy one to say that someone cutting in front of you, a selfish act is somehow racist just because that's like looking for racism everywhere. Right. Because that kind of situation is so normal. That's so normal that some dick cuts in front of you.


Right, exactly. It's a, it's an unpleasant thing that happens to all people. And if, and if you're not in the kind of race hustle or bubble, you don't, you don't see it that way. But that's, But it's interesting that nobody wants to call that out. Nobody wants to be reasonable. Nobody wants to say, well, is that like you just say, oh wow, You know, you have to listen to it. That's part of the problem. Like, you can't say, are you sure that's racist? 'cause then you're a racist apologist and then you're racist by proxy. Yeah. And how do You know? So how do You know what's in that other person's mind? How can you ascribe motives to them? Right. And this, it, it drives me nuts that this is what, this is what we do now, where if someone does something or says something, someone else is offended by it, that person who's offended gets to decide what the intent was behind the other person's action.


To the extent that if the other person says, no, no, no, this was my intention. I'll tell you what it was. They don't get to have a say in their, the intentions behind their own actions. They, they are, they are suddenly not authorities in, in their own behavior. Exactly. This other person who was the offended party gets to inform you what you meant by that thing. Which is really what the, the, You know, I mean the move's called am I racist? But in reality, there's only one person who can answer whether you're a racist person and that's you. And if you don't think that you're racist, then you, then you aren't because racism is a thought process. And if it's not in your head, then you're not racist.


You might, you might have stereotypical views about people of other races. Everybody does to some extent. You might think things that are even insulting about people of other races, but it's not, it's not racist. Right. 'cause racist means you hate people of other races or you think they're inferior to you. Right. But you could be not a racist person and think that whatever Asians are bad drivers, You know, you could think that that stereotype is, is true. Whether it's true or not. You just happen to think that that's a true thing about this group. Doesn't mean you hate them, doesn't mean that you think that they're inferior. It's just You can say frat boys are annoying and not hate men. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Whether and, and most Exactly. And most of the time these stereotypes, they didn't just fall outta the sky.


Like Right. They, they're grounded in something. If they did, no one would, it wouldn't make any sense. Right. And nobody would be offended. That's the thing. Nobody would be offended by a stereotype. Right. They had no, that that really was not true at all. Right. You're only offended because it rings true at least A little bit because otherwise it would just be art. It would be absurd. Exactly. Absurd. Which is why when you get, I mean in the movie we go, there's a a section where we go kind of outside the, this bubble and we go down, we talk to bikers at a biker bar in the south. We talked to the poor black community in, in New Orleans. And the only reason we did That was just, well, like let's, let's find people who are not, they probably didn't go to college, so they didn't get, they didn't get brainwashed there.


They're not getting the corporate DEI seminars. They're not list, they're not reading Robin DiAngelo or any of these people. What do they think about this stuff? What are, are they worried about systemic racism? Do they see everything as racist all the time? And what we found is no, they're just not. Even, they, they don't, they don't even speak that language when you say the term systemic racism to them. They say, well, what do you mean by that? What is that? Well, this Was something that like, look, people are always concerned about people being racist. But there's something that happened in this country somewhere around 2012 ish where things really, really ramped up. And it, it just became, it just became much more of a subject, a subject That was like constantly around, You know, worrying about racial bias and, and, and it, and it ramped up.


Right. It ramped up till you get to the point where you do have some of these race hustlers that are saying everyone's racist. You're all, you must confront your unconscious bias. And we're all, and you just constantly hearing about it. It's like, I think be, and I think you're right that it was around 2012 BLM came into formation in 2013. I think That was the Trayvon Martin thing. And it's, so it's not a coincidence that it seemed like race relations in this country were improving. Yeah. Decade after decade. They weren't perfect, but it seemed like they were pretty good. Much better than the sixties. Yeah, the nineties, right. I grew up in the nineties, it was not perfect, But I grew up in a diverse area. I went to public school, a lot of people, different ethnicities and races.


We didn't, we weren't talking about racism all the time. It was basically fine. And, and then something happened in the, You know, middle part of the, You know, first decade of the two thousands where it seemed like things started backsliding. And that's right, right at the time when, when Barack Obama was elected. And that's not a coincidence. Like a lot of people have noticed that, You know, it's, it's odd that we had a black president and then all of a sudden now we're having race riots again. And I think the reason is that when you elect a black president, I didn't like O Obama. I didn't vote for him. I think his policies are terrible. But you would think that at least one positive you could draw from that is that well at least that means that systemic racism is not a problem in this country anymore.


I mean, if the, if a black guy could rise to the top of the system and run it, then clearly the system is not racist against black people. And in fact, was, was overwhelmingly voted into that position by Americans, which is true. So that is evidence that America isn't systemically racist against black people. But the race hustlers don't want us to draw that conclusion. They're worried that we'll look at Obama as president and say, okay, well racism isn't a big issue anymore. And that's a problem for them because there's a lot of power, money, and influence to be found in the racist racism narrative. So they had to kind of like double up on their efforts to convince us that America's actually racist. Which is why during Obama's term, that's when we started getting all these race hoaxes and the race riots and BLM, that's when things like mi people started talking about microaggressions and all this kind of nonsense because they needed to tell us that, yeah, you might think that this issue is kind of solved now, but it's not racism is actually, is actually worse than you ever imagined.


It's lurking everywhere. And now we're at a point, You know, and then, and then not long after that they started tearing down, You know, confederate civil war monuments and stuff, stuff that's been there for like a hundred years. Which was always weird because a hundred years ago, people could whatever, walk by a Robert E. Lee monument and not care. It wasn't a big deal to them, black or white. Now all of a sudden it's a bigger deal to us than it was to people whose like parents fought. You know, they, they have, they had grandparents who fought in the Civil War, died in the Civil War. They were okay with it. And yet for us, what the wounds of the Civil War are fresher or more raw for us than they were for people a, a century ago.


It makes no sense. How are we less able to be objective and non-emotional about the Civil War than people who, who had family member, I mean, slave ex slaves were still living back then. Well, I Think it's because it's just like a religious ideology. Like when the Taliban started blowing up those ancient statues of Buddhas. Do you remember that? Yeah. Because like they could, like, they destroyed things that were a part of human history that we would've studied for thousands of years. Yeah. And they destroyed them because they didn't go along with their religious ideology. And I think part of the woke thing is this religious ideology that has to be followed.


And you, you cannot stray from the lines. You have to stay inside whatever this ideology is promoting and telling you what to do. And one of the things was that you had to take down all these statues of terrible people. And I remember Trump saying at the time, well, the problem with that is like, eventually they're gonna take down George Washington. And everybody thought he was crazy. Like that's a crazy thing to say. But once they got past Civil War people, then they got to who owned slaves? And then they got to taking down, they wanted to take down statues of Thomas Jefferson and eventually did get to George Washington. Yeah. And That was always, it was always gonna go that way because George Washington founding fathers own slaves.


Not only that, but they were rebels, You know, rebelling against a governmental authority. And if they had lost then they all would've been hanged as traitors. And that's how they'd be remembered. Thankfully they didn't. But so there's a, it is actually, there's a, there's a, it's not that far of a leap to go from, from one to the other. And of course the issue is that everybody who lived on earth prior to about certainly prior to a hundred years ago, is racist by our standards today. Every single one. Right. There was no one who lived on earth a hundred years ago who we would not consider racist anywhere of any race.


If you go back 200 years or or earlier than that, almost everybody either owned slaves or was okay with slavery as an institution. You go back 500 years and There was nobody on the planet who, who considered slavery to be wrong. Fundamentally, they might have had issues with how slaves are treated in some context. But it took like thousands of years for it to ever even occur to a single human on earth that slavery is actually fundamentally wrong. Which is a crazy thing. And that's actually an interesting thing we could, you could talk about and and think about, like why is that? How could it be that? Right. It's so obvious to us, but the, some of the greatest minds of history, they never thought of it.


But we can't talk about that because we have to talk about slavery and racism as if they're exclusively white western phenomena. Well, I've had friends that have a different perspective on the Obama situation. And my friend Willie was talking to me about this and he was saying that what happened was, when you look, one thing that we can be sure of is that racists surreal. There are real racists in this country. There's real anti-black racist, anti-Asian racists. There's certain people that have hateful ideology in this country, just in a certain percentage of 'em in the world. So those are real. And when Obama became president, those people became more emboldened. And he said that he saw a lot more of that online and a lot more attacks.


And especially in uncensored online forums like four chan and places where you can kind of get away with saying whatever the fuck you want. He said he saw a lot more of that on the streets. And he said, this is probably why he believed Michelle Obama didn't wanna run for president. 'cause she experienced so much of that hate while they were in the White House. Forget about hate for their, their policies and what you think about them as president and vice and, and first lady. But the, that racism hate. So his perspective as a black guy was like, you had to be a black person to realize how angry people were that There was a black guy who was president because That was real too. It was real that racism in America and racial relations in America had changed radically since the 1960s, certainly since the 1920s and thirties.


And, and over the years has kept getting better. But in his mind, There was something that happened where when Barack Obama got into the White House, that the real hardcore racist got very vocal and he experienced it. And I think this is akin in some ways to what's going on with antisemitism online because I think there's always been a certain amount of people in this country and in the world that are like deeply antisemitic and they just don't like Jews. And when something happens where all of a sudden now it's okay to criticize Jews because of Israel's position in Gaza and what they've done now you see antisemitism just pop out of the woodwork.


I think there's, there's something like that where people feel emboldened to talk about things. So, so like maybe we just don't have an accurate account of how fucked up some people are. But the general population, and whether you're conservative or whether you're liberal, everybody kind of agrees that racism is a stupid thing. There's amazing people of all ethnicities and colors and you should judge people like Martin Luther King said by the content of their character. We all agree to that. But there's a certain amount of people that are always going to be racist. But when you start looking for it everywhere and saying everything is racist, first of all, you are, it's an insult to real racism.


It's an insult to the people that are the victims of real racism. When you consider microaggressions or cutting in line in front of you to get ice cream, this's a vic, there's people that are real victims of racism and pretending that everything is racist just minimizes that in fact makes, probably makes more people racist. It's gonna make a bunch of dumb liberals like, like drop to their knees or give you money for reparations. But it's gonna make a bunch of other people really resentful and it just polarizes us and and drives people further and further apart. Yeah. It's just genuinely stupid. It's a self-fulfilling prophecy. And I, I think that's that's true.


What, what he said about I'm sure that when there's a black president that we know there are real racists out there. Yeah. There are anti-black race, there are anti-white racists, but there're out there and social media was also really coming online around that time. So people had a forum to express this kind of stuff and Anonymously. Anonymously. And so yeah, those people come out of the woodwork. I'm sure that did happen. I don't deny that. The difference though is that that kind of racism is personal and individual. It's not systemic, it's not in the system. Right. And also it's absolutely rejected by society.


It's absolutely rejected by polite society. So there's a reason why they have to go to four chan or whatever to express those views. 'cause you can't come out in public and say it with, and if you do, it'll be like the end of your, whatever your career is, it's probably the end of it. And that's kind of, that's the most you're gonna, when it comes, as you said, there's never gonna be a time when there's no racist in the world. So the most you can do is, okay, we're not gonna have this stuff systemically. We're gonna, the system's gonna treat everybody equally great. We crossed that off the list. We've already done that. Actually, we've gone too far. 'cause you got affirmative action where now you're discriminating against white and Asian people. But so anti-black racism is outta the system. Fantastic. That's good.


It's not accepted by mainstream society. Great. And then, so that's kind of it. I mean, what else can we do with this? You can't, you can't get inside people's hearts and make them not feel things. Those people are gonna be out there. They know that it's not accepted in mainstream society. And, and I, I kind of think you, you can sort of move on from it culturally to other issues. It's not a major issue anymore, but they won't allow it. And you're right that then it's got this pendulum thing where, okay, well if you go after white people and you demonize them relentlessly and you do it practically from birth now through the school system, some of those white people are gonna end up being stricken by guilt.


And they're gonna walk around feeling like they're guilty for something. That's the the white guilt liberal thing. But then you're gonna have others who kind of become exactly what you accuse them of being because they're like, oh, You know what, if you're gonna call me racist anyway, then You know what? Fine. And there's gonna resentment that builds up and then you actually create more of it, which I think they're happy about if, if actual racism is increasing in society. I don't know if it is or not, but I think the people that call themselves anti-racist are quite happy about that. Well, Business is booming. But the other thing is like, think about Robert D'Angelo who you said just lives in her own bubble and really doesn't, didn't know who you were and didn't catch on at any point in time that any of this stuff was ridiculous.


Like these people that this, if that's all you think about and that's all You, like, I have friends that live in California and every now and then I'll talk to them and some politics issue will come up and they give me this fucking CNBC. They give me this MSNB, this fucking propaganda viewpoint on something that's so wrong. Just so, and I just go, okay, I can, I can't, like you're, you're in your, in your bubble. There's no, there's no real discourse. Yeah. There's no real dis there's no discussions about whether or not what these people are saying is correct. It's just you're a part of this tribe and this is what you believe.


And I think that's the case with these anti-racist people too. They might not, some of them might be like just hardcore grifters, like they could be playing three card money or they could just get corporations to give them money by, by saying that everybody's racist. There's some people that are definitely like that, but there's other people that are just, that's their friend group. Like that's their social circle, their social circles. All people believe this stupid shit and they all yap it to each other and they, they say it like it's a mantra and they pray five times a day with it. You know, it's really like a religious thing. I Think it is like a re Yeah, I think you're exactly right about that. I mean that's, that's why for me the more so the grifters that are getting paid, that's not that complicated to figure out why they're doing it.


Like yeah, they're getting, they're getting paid A lot of 'em. A lot of them are. And and even when they're not, there's pa they're still power and influence and they're being consulted as kind of these moral gurus, which is, which is very strokes the ego. A hundred percent. That's rewarding for the, the, the more interesting thing is like, what about the people who go to those people and consult 'em as moral gurus? I mean, in the movie we have, there's race to dinner where you got these white women who sit around a table and they invite these other two women cyber row Regina Jackson to come to dinner. They pay them to come to dinner and call them them racist for two hours. And it's like, why would you subject yourself to that?


It's, it's So, it it's, it seems like the most miserable experience to if volunteer to be broken down and insulted and degraded, which is what happened to these women. I mean, I saw it. They were just like two hours of them just getting, you're racist, you're racist, you're racist. They had to go around the table, confess their racist sins. And then they all, they each go and they say what their racist sin. Like what, what's a racist thing you've done recently? They all confess and I'm listening to it and it's like, none of you have actually done anything racist. I listen to all your stories. None of that is racist. There's a, there's a woman who said that she's married to a black guy and she Yeah, he's loud and she tells him to quiet down sometimes.


What wife has not said that to their husband? So Exactly What, What I get that once a month. Right. So what do they, I Think my wife is racist. She she could be, she Could be. She's Racist against me. Sex. Yeah. Oh, she's sexist against me. So what are they, why, what are they getting out of it? And I think It's, well, they're getting out of it. First of all, they're terrified of being called racist, so they jumped the gun. So they, they they headed off at the path like, I'm gonna make sure I'm not racist, so I'm gonna become an anti-racist. You know, I talked about this before, but when my kids were young, like my youngest was pretty young when they started doing this anti-racism thing at the school where they said it's not enough to be not ra this is actually right after we left.


So it was right after like the George Floyd things popped off. They said, it's not good enough to not be racist. You have to be anti-racist. Yeah. You're talking about some of these kids in that school are six. Like what are you saying? It's not enough at six. You gotta what, what are you saying? You saying a 6-year-old has to be an anti-racist. Can't they just play with their toys? Can't they just go to the park and hang out with their friends? Can't they just play sports? Can't they just enjoy each other's six year olds don't give a fuck what color somebody is. They don't, they all just play together. They just wanna play with the people who are nice to them and who they have fun with and laugh with.


And here you've got some fucking grifter who latches themselves onto some school system that's filled with all these terrified liberals that are just terrified of being called out for anything. And they, all the rules are changing and everybody's like, oh. And so they bend the knee, they bend the knee and It's with kids, it's so insidious because Yeah, kids don't care about race. They notice it though, which is fine. But then you, you, you give them like this complex from such a young age, which is so unnecessary. And that's why, I mean, I remember when my oldest daughter was five, We were at the mall or something, and a black family walked by and she like pointed at them and said, why do pe why do, why do, why are people black?


Like how do, why is their skin like that? She wanted to know what, why, why, why do skin, why do skin color exist? Like what, why, how do some people have different skin color than other people? And and of course, You know, I told her, well, it's like to be polite. We don't point at people in public. So I told her that, but then we talked about it. It's not, it's okay to wonder that it's okay to notice that I think with these anti-racist people, I, You know, if I was listening to them, I should have, like, this was, this would've been an opportunity for me to give her whole lecture about racism and make her feel really bad for noticing that and asking about it. Yeah. And then you create this complex and yeah, fast forward 20 years and she's one of these women at a race to dinner.


Exactly. You know, It's, it's, it's awful. But it's very, it's a very potent thing. I mean, white guilt, the fear of being called racist for, it's hard for me to understand because, You know, I get called racist all the time, 50, 50,000 times a day and it, it just rolls off my back. I don't care. 'cause it, it's just, it's un It doesn't mean Anything anymore. It doesn't mean anything. But for, for you and I, it doesn't mean anything. But for a lot of nor normal people, especially, It's a death sentence Right. To be called that. It's like the worst thing in the world. Yeah. They're Terrified of it. They'd rather, they'd literally rather be called anything than racist. Yeah. And then so for them, once you, those kinds of people when that's the threat ra when being called racist is a threat, you can get them to do anything.


Yeah. And we've, I mean, I don't spoilers or whatever, but the, in the movie at the, the last thing in the movie, when I do my own anti-racist workshop with these people, and they're all real people and we, we get them to join in on some things that are really like morally repugnant because they, they're terrified of being called racist publicly. They, they can't stand that thought. And the other thing that happens with kids is if you have a thing like you're telling the kid they have to be anti-racist. Well some kids are going to use that as a, a platform to increase, You know what, whatever social cred that they have and they get feedback from it.


It's positive feedback and they, they, they get very vocal. And the more vocal, the more people are impressed and the more work they do, the more people going, you're doing great work. And then you get what's essentially like the racial version of Greta Thornberg. Like, what, what is that lady that lady's moral outrage at what have you done? How dare you? And everybody's like, yes, we like what you just did. And so now you do it all the time. And so now somehow or another, a 16-year-old kid travels all over the world telling everybody they're bad.


This episode is brought to you by den of Thieves two Pantera. You love the Action Heist Den of Thieves. And now it's back with a sequel that cranks it up a notch. Gerard Butler and OSHA Jackson Jr. Are returning to the franchise. But here's the Twist Butler's cop character, he's flipping the script and joining the heist. That's right. The cop goes gangster. And I can't wait to see the chaos unfold. See Deni Thieves two Pantera only in theaters January 10th.


This episode is brought to you by visible, You know how most wireless plans feel like they're designed to confuse you with like hidden fees, weird sub charges, family plans you don't even want. Not with visible on the visible plan. It's one line of unlimited 5G data for just $25 a month flat rate, no surprises powered by Verizon's network. So You know, it's solid. And here's the kicker, they're all digital. You can manage your plan in the app or online, meaning no stores, no pushy salespeople, just you and your phone. And right now Visible's got an insane deal. Use promo code Rogan by January 31st and you will get the visible plan for just $20 a month for 25 months. That's $5 off every month for over two years. So go to visible.com/rogan and check it out. It's wireless made simple terms, apply, see their website for the details.


Flying around in jets, telling everybody they're bad for ruining the environment. Like, And she gets to feel Morally superior, morally superior, virtuous. And for a child to be in a position where they become virtuous is, You know, they love that. They love that To be in a position where they can lecture adults. Yes. Lecture Or adults are looking to them as, as authorities. Yes. College kids love to do that. The moment they're outta their house, the moment they don't have their parents telling 'em what to do anymore, now they can tell other people what to do. And it's just like, it's one thing that you see online from people who have been bullied in the past, people that have been picked on and fucked with. Boy, they like to do it to people like online on Twitter mobs.


They like to jump in. And I know a lot of people that have that. I've, I've known a lot of people that have engaged in these things. I've, I've known them personally, these feeble, weak, terrified men. And they say the most heinous things about people like uncharitable not knowing You. Like what, what kind of response these words are gonna have in that person. And they, they bully these people because they've been hurt. You know, it's that hurt people, hurt people thing, that's what it is. But they don't think it's a violent, they don't think it's as bad as bullying. Like in real, real life bullying's terrible. You're gonna hit somebody. How dare you? You fucking monster. Well, you're emotionally scarring people online every day. And you think you're doing it through this when you, it's like one of the things Elon's talked about this, that one of the things that woke does, it allows really mean people.


This ideology allows really mean shitty people to have a a virtuous way of expressing that. Yeah, I think that's, that's right. And and also the internet. I mean, the whole idea that the internet isn't real. We hear it all the time. That's why I hate it when people say, well, Twitter isn't real life, but, and I understand what's meant by that when people say that. But it actually is real life because these are, these are human beings who are communicating with each other. Now there are bots too, but if you're a human being on Twitter saying something that's real life, it's not, it's not fake. This isn't happening in some kind of dream world. Right. So, but then people think that, well, okay, if I just say this on Twitter, I put it, put it in a YouTube comment section and it's this heinous awful thing.


It doesn't count, it doesn't mean I'm a bad person 'cause it's not real life, which is like, that's like writing on a loose leaf paper, calling someone a piece of shit and handing it to them and then they get mad at you and you say, Hey man, it's the paper. It's not real life. Like, it just, it just happened on the paper. It's a, it's a, it's a method for communicating. Yes. And and so I think people have been conditioned that in this world, it's like a moral exception. So you can do and say whatever you want and you don't have to feel bad about it. Right. And then it turns people into sociopaths after a while. I think. I Think it does too. And I also think it ramps up anxiety in a huge way for the people that are actually engaging in it. You know, the people that actually do it.


I think they're just fully anxious all day long. And I think it's terrible for mental health. Even if you're like, quote unquote winning these verbal battles online that you're engaging in. I think it's terrible for everybody. It's really terrible for the people that are just like all day long negative. Like there's, and arguing with people, like why do you want that in your life? That's, that's a very unusual position to be in. Where all day long you're in conflict. That's only war in the real world most of the day. There's no conflict. That's why conflict is so uncomfortable. 'cause it's so unusual. Yeah. If you're used to conflict with people all the time and you see some guy and he's like, fuck you, no, fuck you. But if you're not used to someone saying, fuck you, and then all of a sudden, hey, fuck you. And you're like, oh, what?


Like you're terrified. You're freaked out. Like, what's going on? Oh my God. This is conflict. The kind of conflict of verbal conflict that people engage in online all day long has the same sort of effects on your psyche. You are perceiving the world to be this, this is one of the things that's so polarizing about this particular election, right? That people are willing to accept propaganda because it feeds into their view of the world, which is that they're engaged in this moral battle, good versus evil. And both sides think they're good and both sides think the other side is gonna be the end of the world. And it's accentuated heavily by mentally ill people that are on Twitter all day long.


Yeah. I'm one of them. So You seem fine. But I, I mean I I am guilty of some of this. I do, I'm on it way too much first of all. But I, but then I have my excuse, which is it's part of my job. It's part of Your job. I do often think if I didn't do this for a living at all, I, I don't think I'd be on any of this stuff. I think I'd be off everything. Yeah. If I was not a quote unquote public figure, I would be off everything because I have, I don't know if you have a pro, if I go on vacation or something and I'm, and I'm taking time, I have no issue putting it down. I don't, I have no compulsion to look at it. In fact, I have to, when I come off vacation, it, it's effort to get back. It's like, okay, I gotta get back into this again.


It takes me a couple days then after a couple days, now it's a compulsion again. But Right. But I have to, I have to reignite this weird compulsion to constantly look at my phone. But I, I have a problem too in that I'm a comedian in that I'm also a gold miner. Right. So what that means is when I'm going through my newsfeed, my newsfeed is the thing I'm the most addicted to. I'm minding for gold. Like, what's going on here? What'd they do? They did what they, they fucking what? And I, I need those, those are really important to me. 'cause like those can be my next hour of standup. Those can be, they're, they're chunks every, and it's not every day. It's like I can go through 30 days of nonsense and just not one thing. But every now and then there's a chunk of gold in there.


I'm like, oh, I got one. And then I put that in my notes and I justify endless scrolling to get to those gold nuggets. But if you didn't do any of this for a living, if you just worked at Lowe's or something and You know, do you think you'd still be The problem is I'd still be me and I still have this really intense curiosity. I'm, I'm really curious about all kinds of things. There's so many subjects I'm really, really interested in. I mean, I would, I would for sure still be paying attention to, You know, science issues and space travel and You know, new discoveries and the universe. And there's a bunch of stuff that I would just be ancient history, ancient civilizations. I would be, there's no way I would not be fascinated by them.


'cause they almost have nothing to do with my job. Yeah. I think I, I think I would be the same, But I, I don't think I'd feel the need to, I would like to absorb all that interesting information, But I wouldn't feel the need to say, Hey world, here's what I think about this. Right. I would just absorb it. The problem is if you do, and you do it just once, and then you get feedback and then people say, Hey, I really like what you posted. You like, well great. And then, and then all of a sudden you're connected and then you're like looking for this feedback. So you're trying to post things to get likes and you're trying to post things to get reposts and get comments and you're engaging in the comments. And now, now it's, now you're fucked. Now you're locked into this weird ecosystem with these people you don't even know. They might be all stupid. They might be all, You know, really annoying people that you would avoid in real life.


Like if you work with them, you're like, oh, there's Tom. Lemme get the fuck outta here. And you go to the other side of the office, but now you're engaging with them. Yeah. People that you avoid having conversations with, you are now like in mortal combat with words on Twitter and it's fucking stupid. And not only that, but their engagement with you is, is cheap. It's, they don't care that much. So even if someone gives you positive feedback and they say, oh, That was a great tweet, they've forgotten about it two seconds later. Right. You're just, they're just scrolling. You're just the latest thing they saw and then they're scrolling and they've already forgotten about it. They don't care if they cuss you out 'cause they're mad at you. Same deal. They forgot about it two seconds later. So yeah, I guess it could be kind of intox intoxicating and get the engagement, but then it doesn't matter.


And that's one of the, that's one of the things that makes it so, so toxic is how sort of like nihilistic all is that that's why, and this was, this never was an issue before, but now I feel like when I go on social media, I'm constantly seeing these horrific videos of people dying. Like, Oh yeah, snuff films are all over social media now and it feels like a, a relatively recent development. And that's really horrible what it does to, I, I don't even think we quite understand what it's doing to our minds. I actually think we are, are all traumatized from it. And I don't, I don't use the word trauma loosely, but what's what's traumatizing is not only are you seeing somebody die, but it's a context.


It's like you, you see this horrible video of someone just got shot and then you keep scrolling and a second later you're reading something about whatever, You know, a celebrity news or you're watching a a cat video, right? So it's like this, it's this horrific human thing that happened. But for you it's just content. You absorb it that way. And I don't know, after a while of just absorbing human suffering in this, in this way, i, it's gotta mess with your mind. I think Of course it does. I mean you're the product of what you take in, even if that information is like low impact, it's not the same impact as being there when the hitmen show up and gun the guys down in front of the cafe.


Like I've seen these videos where it's just mass shootings. This one video I saw the other day of some gang violence situation. These guys drove by gunned these guys down and then the guys started shooting back and they were all shot while they're shooting back. And then the car backs up and then they gunned them down more. Yeah, I've Seen it's Fucking Cool. Seen that one, But it's not the same as being there. If you were there, they would haunt you for the rest of your life. If you were across the street and you watched that happen and you watched these people die, it would haunt you for the rest of your life. But it just, you get a little blip, instead of getting a hundred percent dose, you get like a little 1% dose, a little 1% dose, and you get them all day long and by the end of the day you're just like, what the fuck is the world? Yeah. But it, it's the thing, it kind of should haunt you for the rest of your life.


Right? It's a horrible thing to see, but It's like Twitter in that it's not a full experience, like the full exp Like if you were having the kind of exchanges that some people have with each other where they're just ruthlessly insulting and shitty to people, if you were having those in person, there's a high probability that that's gonna lead to violence. Actual violence. Like if two men are in a room and one man starts insulting this other person, like really like viciously and, and talking about their life and their family and all kinds of crazy shit that people do online. There's a probability it's more than 0% that this is gonna result in violence, but there's zero possibility of it online. It's just, it's just free.


It's a free shot. And that's a part of the problem as well, is that it's not a real human interaction. So you're getting like these little doses of shittiness from people, but you're not getting this one burst where you and this guy are about to throw down because he's like, he's insulting you to the point where like, this person's actually dangerous. Like this is actually, this person hates me. Like this could be a real bad situation here. And I think much like that exists on Twitter where you have these little shitty interactions. It's like 1% of real hate and it just adds up over time. That's the same thing as seeing violence, seeing all these executions, seeing all these botched robberies, seeing all these people that get murdered in some, You know, third world country.


You, you just get a little, little tiny piece of it all the time and it's, it normalizes it, it's probably really, really bad for us. Do you, do you pay attention to what people say about you online? Do you No. You never do, you never no search for Joe Rogan and Nope. Never. Nope. Shouldn't do it. Yeah. It's not good for you. Yeah. I'll admit that I've done it on occasion. It's just, It's just, it's nothing. But if you wanna just destroy your esteem, esteem, self-esteem, you could, you could do it pretty quickly. Well that's what they want. That's what people want to do when they say things like that. Like, this is my opinion. And You know, a lot of it is like really outta line. Like a lot of it is just like the worst possible to, like I said before, like the least charitable takes the least nuanced, the this ridiculous caricature of a human being just to try to just to try to demonize them, to make yourself look virtually or virtuously superior.


It's just dumb. It's a dumb way for people to communicate. And the kind of people that do it are all losers. Yeah. There's no like really exceptional, fascinating people that engage in that kind of stuff. Well the, the thing that gets me, I don't mind when people insult me. I, I, I don't care. I'm used to it. It's the lies. Like when I see something about myself that's just a straight up lie, totally made up and then it picks up traction and people are, sometimes it could be, You know, even someone photoshopping a tweet that I never said or whatever, anything that stuff still still like bothers me and it, and then I try to tell myself, well it shouldn't bother me, but at the same time it should.


It's like it's normal for a person to be bothered when you're, when you're being lied about. Right. And other people are believing a lie. I think it's a normal human reaction that I'm like, I don't want, that's not fair, that's not true. You know, you could attack me for things that I really have said and done, but that's, you can't do that. That's not true. But then at a certain point you just have to sort of give into it and realize this is the way the internet works, I guess. But Well it's also who knows who's doing it. And at this point in time we have to accept the reality of propaganda. And that there, You know, we've talked about this ad nauseum, But I'll say it again. There was a, an FBI, former analyst did some sort of a study on Twitter where he was estimating the amount of bots versus this is like right around the time when Elon was saying that it's more than 5%.


He said he thinks it's about 80%. He thinks 80% of the accounts. Yeah. 80% of the accounts are fake accounts, which just stop and think about if you are in a country, okay, let's imagine you want the politics of America to swing in a certain direction. 'cause we most certainly do this in other countries. I mean, we don't have to educate people on the long history of interventionalist foreign policy where we have gone in and installed new leaders of countries and organized all kinds of shit. So we do it and we do it and we know they do it. But isn't it like the cheapest way to do it? Wouldn't it be to do it on social media?


And if you did it, why would you do it like one account? Why wouldn't you have a million accounts? I would've a million accounts. Like it just gotta get a computer that keeps making new accounts and you run a program, it's not the most difficult thing to do for people that know how to actually actually code operating systems. You don't think there's someone out there that can code a computer program that can operate millions of different Twitter accounts and you run it through some sort of AI that you've developed some large language model on things to say about MAGA or things to say about abortion or things to say about conservatives or things to say about liberals and you put a fucking American flag in your little bio or you put a pronoun thing he her zr, whatever it is, and then you just flood the internet with fake anger and fake discourse and you lie about people and you, anytime there's a post about anything controversial, you insert something in there that gets people even more riled up.


You could get people, you could swing the vote, you could swing the vote in one way or another, especially with fence sitters with people that are not sure, like, I don't know, is Trump really the answer? And then you get online and you see all this hateful shit, or you might get on a MAGA forum and you go, oh, the the, there are, they are eating cats. He was telling the truth, ABC's biased and you could swing it one way or the other. And I think they're all trying to manipulate it. All these foreign governments, and I think internally in the United States, I'm sure there are groups that are doing it too, that are manipulating things in one way or the other in a disingenuous way because it's available. And I don't know how to stop it. I think the only way for you to not personally be really affected by it is you have to understand that it exists.


And then you have to recognize that, You know, some of these takes are not even real human beings. So instead of saying Jesus Christ, people would think that way. Go, maybe not like, maybe this isn't, maybe there's a few people that think that way, but you're being led to believe that it's a huge movement of people. And it might not be, but the problem is when it, even if it's fake, people are so stupid that even if it's a fake thing that becomes a bit of a movement online with fake, dumb people will jump in there and then it'll become a real thing. Yeah. Like you aware of the, the free bleeding movement that four chan pushed? Yeah. I think I heard of that. So It became kind of real, didn't it?


It became Real. That's what I'm saying. Or flat Earth is the same thing. It became a joke if people were fucking around at first. We've known the earth has not been flat for a long ass time. And then, but Now that's totally real. I read Now it's totally real. Now there's massive groups of people that think the earth is flat, Which isn't. I, I can't, I can't. I don Dunno how that Yeah, Yeah. You can't. But the thing is, that's how dumb people are, that you can have a fake thing and say it enough times and enough people jump in and be on board with it. And then it becomes a real thing. And then you don't even have to like, use propaganda anymore. These morons are doing it for you. The thing that gets me about the flat earth thing is 'cause I didn't realize that it was a real thing until, I don't know, a few years ago I did, I wrote, I posted something about it and all these comments from, from real people that, that, that what what gets me is, well, you get the people that say, yeah, I think the earth flat.


And that's insane. You're just really stupid. But I, I was more fascinated by the like 80% of people who 80% of the, of the flat earth crowd, 80% of them, their take was, well, I, I'm not, I'm not saying the earth is flat, but I'm, I'm open to it. So I'm, I'm open to the possibility. How are I, I get it If you're just completely stupid and you got sucked into this cult thing. But what I don't get is how can you be, how could you be on the fence about whether, about the shape of the earth? Well, it's just people that really are not educated. That's, that's number one. And people that believe that there's a collusion that's so large that all of the space agencies from Japan, from China, from Russia, all of them are liars.


That all of them are colluding together to hide the true shape of the earth. Because if we really knew the earth is flat, then we would, it would, it always is connected to some sort of a Bible thing. Like it's the firmament. And they believe that, that we're, we're hiding the fact that God is real. And somehow there's some mass conspiracy that all these world governments and every person that ever was involved in the space agencies, they've all hid from us. Yeah. And the you're moon landing, you're not a, you you believe in the moon landing. Right? I used to believe in the moon Landing. You don't anymore. I I had A joke in my act about it that before covid I would've told you vaccines the most important invention in human history.


And after covid, I'm like, I don't think we went to the moon. Yeah, I know That was in your, but but you, you actually think that, I think there is a less than zero possibility that we did not go to the moon. Oh my gosh. I know. Why do you think we went to the moon? 'cause it's exactly what you just said about Well, there's a lot of reasons, but there main thing is what you just said about the earth, the, the, the vastness of the conspiracy that would be required to fake that it's so vast that it's just, it's, it's a lot more incredible to believe that we faked it than to believe that we just went and going to the moon. Don't get, it's a ma massive achievement. But I, I think the greatest human achievement of all time. But even so to fake it, would he be even more massive?


Because not only would you need all of these, You know, space agencies and all the different whatever people in, in America, American institutions to be colluded. But you'd also need foreign governments, including adversarial foreign governments who at this point certainly would know we faked it and for some reason haven't blown the lid on it. So they're, they're letting us like, take this achievement that they know. Like why haven't the Russians come out and say All those things you're saying are true. Right. I, I don't, I don't argue with any of the things you're saying, but one of the things that I think you have to consider was if it's not possible for human beings to safely go through the Van Allen radiation belts and out into deep space without much protection and face the temperatures that are on the surface of the moon, which get up to 250 degrees and 250 degrees below zero in, in the shadows.


It's a, there's no environment there. It's a hostile beyond belief. Micro meteorites are flying into the moon all the time. They're flying through space all the time. We've never had a single biological organism go out into deep space, pass the Van Allen radiation belts, and then come back to earth and come back alive except human beings. During the Apollo missions, every single space station mission, every single space shuttle mission, all of them are inside 350 miles from the Earth's surface. The only time human beings have ever been past that. And through the Van Allen radiation belts was the Apollo missions. And We were the only humans that were ever able to do that.


The Russians never figured out how to do it. No one else figured out how to do it. But the Apollo astronauts, and we did it seven times six successfully from 1969 to 1972. If you told, if you said to me, do you think that they could fake the moon landing today? I would say no. I would say, no, no, no, no. People are gonna be able to track it. They're, it's a very easy, they have satellites. They're, they're gonna know everything. But in 1969, the technology was so crude that the fir when they first showed the Apollo 11 landing, they didn't even show a direct feed to the networks. So like, if you're on CBS news, you don't get a direct feed. What you do is you point a camera at a projection screen.


So that's why the, the film looks so shitty. The camera is pointed to a projection screen where you see the astronauts jumping around on the moon and you see this weird, grainy, third generation image. Right. And we did it, and we have never done it since. And we've always said we're gonna do it. And no one's ever even come close. No one's ever even gone into deep space since 1972. We Also haven't been trying, We haven't been trying, but we always talk about going back, including Herbert Walker Bush talked about going back. George w talked about going back. They, they all talk about going back, but nobody ever gets anywhere. Well, I think That's 'cause we lost the, the spirit and hunger for discovery, which Is we didn't just lose that.


We lost all the technology from the Saturn five rocket. They don't even have that anymore. In fact, they don't even have the original film. They, they erased all the original footage of the Apollo missions. So you just have copies of everything. You could develop the technology again, you can do all that. Sure, you could, If, if you can get through the Van Allen radiation belts into deep space with human beings and have them safely come back. But I, I think what you're describing to me, it all that does is highlight how incredible the achievement it was if they Did it right. If they did it right. But there's, But I don't, well, here's the main point. I don, I, there's no, there's no evidence. 'cause saying that it was a hoax is an assertion of a, it's not, it's not, you're not just denying an event.


You're, you're asserting a whole other event that you say happened instead. And there is evidence that we went to the moon. Now, now someone who's a skeptic might say, I, it's not enough evidence or it's not good evidence. There's like evidence, there's eyewitness te there's people that went and came back and told us there's, there's footage, there's a lot, there is evidence. Okay, there's, but there's, but there's no evidence of the hoax. Like no one has come and said, here's my affirmative evidence that this hoax happened. It's never happened. Right. As far as I'm aware. Okay. No one, no one's ever provided that evidence. I, I see what you're trying to say there. The evidence that they went to the moon, there's a bunch, right? There's moon rocks, that's one.


There's lunar reflectors that they placed on the moon. That's another, and there's a couple problems with those. First of all, the Soviets put, so laser reflectors on the moon as well. And also the moon itself, in many places where you shine lasers on it, they bounces back by itself the reflective quality of the moon. The reason why the moon is so, so bright and white in the sky, when the sun hits it, there's a certain amount of you, you get a certain amount of bounce back off of different things with lasers. There's some photographs that are interesting. What was it was the India, what was the one where they got the most high resolution photos of the lander? I'm looking at a Wikipedia right now of all third party evidence of the Apollo mission.


One of the things that's interesting is they gave a moon rock to, was it a prime minister of Holland? Is that what it was? Which one was the moon rock they gave that turned out to be petrified wood. So the Apollo astronauts gave a moon rock to some foreign dignitary. And it turned out to be a, a piece of petrified wood. They do have samples of moon rocks that came from the moon. But we also have those on earth. And in fact, Warner von Braun in 1968, I believe, went to Antarctica. There's all these photographs of him in Antarctica. Antarctica is a great place to take moon rocks because Antarctica is just this gigantic sheet of white and you can spot the meteorites in the ground.


So this is the photo, I mean this is from what, what is this from? What is the, so this is an indi Yeah. India, Indian space research organizations. I don't know how to say that word. Chandra. Y two orbiter captured images of NASA's Apollo 11 and 12 landing sites and lunar modules from a hundred kilometer altitude. Apollo 12 image astronaut boots tracks are still even visible due the recent interest in another post I shared decided to download and to view the raw imagery. So that looks like there's some kind of thing on the moon. It's pretty good evidence. It Is evidence that something's on the moon.


It's not evidence that human beings went through the moon. See, we have things that are on the mo. We have things on Mars right now. Well I think it's, we had things that were we, we'd shot things into space for sure. Yeah, But I, it's evidence, it's not proof in and of itself, but it is Evidence. Listen, I'm not saying we didn't go to the moon. What I'm saying is the subject is complex and it's not even a little complex. It's really complex. There's a documentary called The Funny Thing happened on the way to the moon. This guy Bart Re, he's been upset. He was a yes on the show too. Been obsessed about this his whole life and absolutely believes that we never went to the moon. And there's enough shit that you go, okay, if he's right about any of these things, it's weird. One of the things was some of the photographs of the moon, they ran through a, one of those AI detectors that can tell you whether or not something's false or artificially generated.


And it showed different images from, I think it was a Chinese satellite of the moon. They said this is legitimate. But then it got to these Apollo images and they said these have been doctored. This ai, this AI program that they ran All the images or a few Of them? A few of them. But then other ones were found to be authentic. I Don't think so. I think they only ran a few images through. See if you can find those, Jamie, find what they did. Again, this is not saying that we didn't go to the moon. It could be, and this was a fact with the Gemini 15 program where Michael Collins, There was a, a photograph of Michael Collins that they took in one of his, one of his training exercises where he had, You know, those, those packs that they put on where they can move around while they're doing moon walks or not moonwalk space, walks outside of a, where they're connected by a tether.


And he was like in this harness and manipulating this device. And what they had done is taken a photograph of him training and then someone, probably some overzealous PR person had taken that photograph and then blacked out the background and pa tried to pass it off as a really clear photograph of him out there on a spacewalk, which is probably very difficult to get right. You'd have to have another person at the camera frame it. Right. They had this photo, they're like, look, he did it. Let's just pass this off as the real thing. Which is, You know, you're also talking about the Nixon administration where they were just full of shit constantly. If you remember. This is where he tried Yes. To claim it was from, which is a Russian video.


I don know. Yeah. So there's different video where they, they ran it through and they said it was real and it was the, was it a Chinese program? But when they ran the American ones, the American images, they said that they were doctored. Again, it doesn't mean that we didn't go to the moon, but it does mean Okay. There's that, that's weird. Have you ever seen the Apollo 11 post-flight press conference? Yeah, it looks like a hostage video. It looks like a bunch of guys who don't want to be there. They look real fucking nervous and they look real deceptive. And if you watch that video, it's weird. Well, but I think that's just, that's the temperament it requires to do something like that could be, it's basically, it's almost suicidal to go to the right. Right.


And so you have to be like not barely even a human psychologically to do it. So I don't, so that to me is just like, and they just went through this whole experience. But who knows what that does to the human psyche to even just like be in the vastness of space, even on the space station. I can't, I feel like that would change me. Oh yeah. As a person. Oh yeah. But it does not necessarily for the best. Well there's actually like a psychological condition that they talk about that this, this sort of understanding that we're all connected that a lot. It's like a, a kin to a religious experience that many astronauts get when they go up to the space station and look down at the earth and go, oh my God, what are we doing? Like we're all together in this thing and we're so alone in the universe and for us to be fighting over these trivial differences and these stupid lines in the dirt that we draw when we are like just clinging to this ball in the middle of everything.


So what, so then what would you say or someone who is a, a full on believer, Full on, not a full on Believer, someone who is a full on believer in the moon hooks. What would they say to my other point? That there is evidence. We went to the moon. You can try to nitpick the evidence. There is zero evidence of a hoax because that's a whole other event that would've had to have happened. There is no evidence at all. Not one sliver of evidence ever of that hoax having ever happened. But I think that's a weird way to frame it. Right. Is there evidence of a hoax of the JFK assassination that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone? Do you think there's evidence?


Well, but but the, the event itself being that JJFK was killed Happened. Right. But, but Right. But that's not the conspiracy. So the, the conspiracy is did he act alone and is there evidence that he didn't act alone? What do you think? I'm, I'm very skeptical that he acted alone. Yeah, right. But I don't know, I don't know exactly what happened. Nobody does Exactly same exact perspective, same exact perspective about this moon thing. Like it, it may have happened, but this was a time of deep deception in, in the American world. Yeah. This is a time after Operation Northwoods. This is a time after the Kennedy assassination. This is a time, I mean this is a, a weird fucking shaky time in terms of propaganda.


This is after Eisenhower warned about the military industrial complex. This is like, There was a lot of deception, Gulf of Tonkin incident. There's a lot of open deception that the American people were being subject to. And then There was this cold war between us and Russia, this, this space war for superiority. Yeah. There was, we, we was, we wanted it so bad we brought in Nazis. But I still, but I think, I mean the, the JFK is a interesting example, but, 'cause yes, there are things that I'm skeptical of that are claimed that I don't really have evidence that the thing didn't happen or that it didn't happen the way they say. But I'm still skeptical. So I get that. But it feels different to me because the JFK assassination did happen. The question is how did it happen? But if we're going to assert that a major historical event, probably the greatest, the the, the most significant historical event in history over one of them did not happen at all.


No one did it then, like I said, that's, so what you're actually claiming is that some other thing. This, this, they went somewhere and they pulled off this, this hoax and they planned it and they did like an event happened where they were faking it. Right. And so what I would want to see, has anybody come out, any whistleblower ever to say, Hey, I was involved in the shoot, or I I'm in Hollywood. I talked to a guy who was there. I, You know, here's a Well that's not even, that's not even evidence. You know, real evidence would be some sort of documentation. Some sort of a, some sort of a way to go over. Like there's a binary code that shows the distance between the earth and the lunar module at every stage of the, of the journey.


But that's missing. That stuff's missing. All the tracking data is they can't find it. All the original footage is missing. And it could just be people who are really bad with historical items. That's possible. But to say that faking the moon landing would be a bigger achievement than actually going to the moon, I would say only if people could actually go to the moon. So here's the question. Can we really, everyone wants to dismiss it. Can we really send a biological entity into space, go through that radiation which is thick covering the earth and have it come back alive? Well, supposedly this is the only time people had done it.


And supposedly the way they did it was by going through the top area of the, of the earth where the Van Allen radiation belts, it's like kind of like a donut. That surface that covers the earth. It's not uniform and this, and there's an area at the top where you can go out. But according to Bart Rel, they didn't go that way. 'cause he would've had to launch from Antarctica to do that. It's not really possible that that happened, that they went that way. So he doesn't, he thinks that if they did go through that there, there is no other examples of living things that have done that and come back alive. And they've known that this is an issue. They've known that this Van Allen radiation belts, which is this band of heavy radiation that covers the earth and protects us.


They've known that it's out there because they tried to blow it up once. There was a thing called Operation Starfish Prime where they, this, they, they launched one of several nuclear bombs into the radiation belt to try to blow a hole through it. And unfortunately, when did that happen? 60 God, was it 67? Maybe it was Starfish Prime. But it did the opposite Effect. Why, why did they do that? Just for The, they wanted to see what happens. Shit and giggles. Well they were, they had so much power and You know, you've got nuclear bombs and you can't blow people up, but you're still doing studies. So they're, they're doing tests all throughout Nevada and they, I mean that's what killed John Wayne. John Wayne got cancer. 'cause he was working on a set doing a western right next to where they were blowing up nuclear bombs.


The like 200 people on his, on his on the set got cancer Starfish Prime high altitude nuclear test conducted by the United States, a joint effort of the Atomic Energy Commission and the Defense Atomic Support Agency July 9th, 1962. So this is like, while Kennedy was in office, they were trying to figure out how to, we will get to the mood. Not in this decade, but in the other or whatever he said, high altitude nuclear tests. So the thing you did unfortunately was it's supercharged the bands and it made it much have much more radiation. Not only that, it, it blew out power in some parts of Hawaii. I think. I think it cooked, it cooked a few satellites.


Right. We talked about this the other day. It cooked a few satellites. Okay, So can I ask this though? Do we have examples? So We were saying, well we, we don't know if a human can go through the right. I would say well we do know. 'cause they did. If they did, but Well, but if, listen Morgan, we know they sent people into near Earth orbit. That's a fact. We know that there. Well how do we know that if we don't know? I mean maybe there's space station. 'cause we actually can see that. We can see where they launched. You can follow the trajectory. You can know about the propulsion units that they used, You know, about what they were trying to accomplish. And you can watch it. So my, but my question is, have we tried to send humans through the radiation belt and not been able to, has that Happened?


They never even tried that. They just did it. Right. That's what's even crazier. So, But but how do we know? So the, So how do we know they did it If the only time they did it was, how do we know they can't do The last time they did it was 1972. You don't think that's a little weird? Not really because No, no, no, no. Listen, listen. I don't think it's, even if they did go to the moon, let's say, let's say, I'll say they went to the moon. It's fucking weird. Everything from 1969 is easier, cheaper and faster to reproduce today. Except the moon landing. Except space travel. I just don't think there's a will. But we thought, what? I don't think there's a will. Do You Know how much fucking resources there is on the moon? Do You know how many valuable minerals there are on the moon? And trillions of dollars of things that are very difficult to find in the United States are on the moon?


I don't think, I don't think the Amer like the people in the 1960s, the American people cared deeply about going to the moon. I don't think that these days, most pe I think we should care about that. But most people don't care about, If we found out that we didn't have to dig for lithium, that we could just go to the moon and pull giant chunks of it out and not have slave labor. And no one has to feel bad about using your iPhone. You don't think that they would do that? Of course they would do that if they could. If you could have a mining station on the moon, no problem at all. Totally safe. Of course they would do that. Yeah. And I think and it's, I agree it, it only takes Two weeks to get there. People, they go people mine in Northern Territories, like people mine in in Canada in these horrible conditions.


I know. Fucking freezing cold out and But, but it probably takes a lot of time to get to a point where you can do that consistently. Right. But it's, it's Cost effective. Right. But it's so valuable. I know the idea that they wouldn't do that and they haven't done anything even remotely close to that since 1972 is weird. I agree that it's, I mean weird. Weird. Makes it sound necessarily nefarious. I Think it's no, just weird. It's very unusual. I'd say it's it's unusual technologically. It's incongruent. It's incongruent with technological progression. Yeah. That we have, we have that with everything else. Everything else. Phones, phones are in your fucking pocket now. They have more computing power than the entire cluster that they used to launch the, the Apollo program.


The Apollo program was a fucking giant room full of computers. Your phone is significantly more powerful than that. Yeah. Everything else got better except that we thought that people were gonna be going to space all the time. You ever watch that TV show space 1999 when you were a kid? No. You, you're younger than me. There was a stupid show called Space 1999 and they thought, boy, by 1999 we'll be flying around spaceships and people would be living on the moon every time they've done, like in the past, like after the moon landings, every time they did any sort of like science fiction movie, it always involved like colonies already established on the moon and on Mars and people traveling. 'cause we thought That was gonna happen. Orville and Wilbur Wright.


Right. Think about the launch of the first airplane and then the launch of the Apollo program. It's only like 60 years. It's kind of crazy. The launch of the first airplane ever and dropping nuclear bombs out of an airplane is only like, what is it? 50 years? I think it's something like something kooky. Yeah. 50, 60 years. That's nuts. I agree. But I, But then now you have supersonic jets like a hundred years later. Yeah. Now you have insane capabilities of like air force fighter jets, unbelievable power and maneuverability far beyond anything anybody would've possibly imagined when Earl or or Orville and Wilbur had that stupid fucking bird looking flimsy thing.


So everything progresses technologically except, Well, but here's what I would say to that. Except Traveling other plants. I would say two things. Number one, I think that it just, it does take, yeah, we're kind of spoiled by the fact that There was this burst of incredible technological advancement In everything, in everything, right? In automobiles. It doesn't necessarily, not every facet of technology is gonna continue at that pace forever into an an affinity. So I think it does take, especially if you take a historical perspective, a longer term historical perspective, it just takes a while to get from one thing to the next. It hasn't even been that long. I mean, the 9 19 69 was not that long ago in from the historical perspective.


And especially if you wanna, if you wanna do the next thing, I mean, what's the next thing? The next thing is to go to Mars. Most people agree that's so much far exponentially farther away and harder to do. Sure. And so if that takes, if it takes decades more to figure out how to do that, that doesn't seem that crazy to me. And the second thing I'll say is that I do think I get your point about resources on the moon. There's a reason to go back. I agree. You know, practically speaking. But it's just true that, that it requires a society that deeply values exploration for its own sake and is willing to make the sacrifices, is willing to send people off to do things just for the sake of exploration, knowing that they might die.


I think we have almost no appetite for that. Now, maybe the challenger explosion was you, you could point to that as, as the time when we sort of just, we have no appetite for people. We don't want people to die for this anymore. I see what you're saying. Here's the problem with what you're saying. The American people don't get a say in whether or not we do things like they don't get a say in whether or not we make a space shuttle. They, they don't get to decide whether or not we establish a new space station. No one, no one talks about it. They just do it. Like we barely get a say in how much money goes to Ukraine. Yeah, But it's gotta be funded. Right. But how much is funded to go to Ukraine? Like all of a sudden they had 175 billion plus dollars to fund this proxy war.


And who decided that? But it wasn't the American people. Right? It was, it wasn't. But unfortunately, but politicians are the ones who decide it. But people vote for those politicians. And unfortunately there are a lot of Americans who are basically okay with sending money to Ukraine, which they shouldn't be. It's insane. I agree with you. But what my point is, is if, if you had a skillful politician who got on television and explained that we have found a solution to all of our energy problems and it's mining on the moon and through this mining on the moon, we are gonna increase the overall way of life for every single human being on, on America's soil. We are, we are going to raise everybody above the poverty level.


There'll be no impoverished people. 'cause we have literally found trillions of dollars in very, very valuable minerals. And by using our United States taxpayers funds to fund this program and to finance it, we are going to allow the entire country to share in some of this wealth. And we're gonna change energy distribution and consumption in this country in, in an incredible way. It's gonna be beneficial to everybody and it's gonna make a bunch of people really rich too. But it's gonna change the quality of life for every person in this country. And this is how we're gonna do it. Everybody would be on board. Yeah. But nobody's made that case really. Right. But you could make that case with the amount of minerals and the amount of valuable resources you can get, not just from the moon, but also from mining asteroids, which they're attempting to do.


Now. If you can get people out there, if you really could get people out there. So here's the question. If you couldn't do it, if they knew they couldn't do it, but they wanted to show that they could do it, could they compartmentalize things? Could they feed a computer program that is instead of the actual binary data that shows a distance between the lunar module and the surface of the earth at any given time, could they just calculate that out with computers? Of course they could. Yeah, that's possible. Could they, if they couldn't get human beings into deep space and have 'em come back alive 'cause they couldn't figure out a way to get through the ven radiation belts and survive microm meteors and all the other shit that you deal with, could they get enough people to shut the fuck up because it's in the best interest of national security?


Of course they could. Especially in 1969. People were fucking terrified. They had just killed the president six years earlier. People were absolutely terrified of getting under the sites of the intelligence agencies. And if you have top secret clearance, if you're involved in some sort of a project, like look at the Manhattan Project, people kept their fucking mouth shut. They, they knew they had, they were working on something of importance That was above and beyond their need to yap about shit. But you, but for the moon landing, you would need way more people involved. I don't know. More Institutions. Because you actually have a real space program. So the space program's not fake. Right. So let's just assume a non-believer, I would tell you that the space program was absolutely real.


The Saturn five rocket was absolutely real. The modules, the, the way they were able to parachute down into the ocean a hundred percent real. They did go into space. But how far did they go? This is the real question. And Bartsil, the guy who made this documentary, he asserts that they went somewhere into earth's orbit, like, You know, in space, but not through the Van Island. Radiation belt, radiation belts, and not to the surface of the moon and back. And that they had video footage that they had done in some scenario. Some people think it's in the Nevada desert, who knows what it is. But they had this footage of people bouncing around and they said they got it on the moon and then they brought this back.


Does he have, but does he have any evidence of that event occurring? Would would he say, well I know they only went so far and came back 'cause 'cause of this. Well, he has a bunch of different things and one of 'em is the one that's like very hotly debated and it's the different light sources in the photographs. So a lot of the photographs from the surface of the moon have intersecting light, intersecting shadows. So you have a shadow that's going this way and another shadow that's going that way indicating more than one light source or a close by light source that's, You know, coming in. Not something that's, You know, thousand, millions of miles away. Like the, like the sun. There's those, there's the photographs. There's the photographs that run through ai.


He has this other video of what looks like them filming the earth through one of the round portal windows with everything blacked out in the cabin. And then they pull down the things that were blocking off the other light sources and the cabin floods with light and it looks like they're in near earth orbit. And it's very confusing. 'cause you're like, well what is that video? What exactly is going on there? Because if they really are in deep space and they really are filming this small image of the earth, 'cause that's all they can see from 200,000 miles out. Well why, when they take those things down, does it look like the whole cabin is filled with light?


Why does it, why does it look exactly like they're in near earth orbit? Well that, but that still goes Back. Have you ever seen it The specific You wanna see it? Sure. Shit's and giggles. Yeah. Because we're in the middle of this stupid conversation. It's, it's a fun one. It's one of the most fun of all conspiracy theories because if they did it, wow. First of all, if they killed the president. Wow. And they, it seems like they kind of did that. So if they did this too, like what else did they do? Like what other hoaxes were played on, on the American people? If this is real, that's why it's fun. I'm not saying it's real, but it is, It is a fun one. It's not as simple as the Earth is flat.


That's a stupid one. But this is a fun one. This is a fun one because you're, you're dealing with the kind of power, with complete control over the media. Complete control over newspapers and what they reported the interest of, You know, national security, the Cold War with Russia, the Space War with Russia. We wanted it so bad we brought in some of the most heinous human beings that have ever lived to, to run our NASA program. Yeah. It's not as, it's not as dumb as flat earth, but it does remind to me, it reminds me of, to me it's in the vein of like, Sandy Hook was a hoax. No, No, No. Well, I'll tell you why. That's heinous. Let's Not morally.


Not Morally. Let me show you the video. Lemme show you the video. Jamie, you got that? I'm trying to, I don't Funny thing that happened on the way to the moon. I know, But I can't, I'm Is he hiding it? I I know it's available. Sure, sure. I I'm not even, I have to figure out exactly what the video I'm looking for. Proof I, I know and I'm trying to, I'm digging through. I pick a video I try to find, it's not in there. I have to find another video. It's not like, okay, you'll find out the exact name of the video. It takes a second. Okay. You'll find it. He'll find it once he does again, I'm not saying we didn't go. I'm saying this is a fun one and it's a weird one. There's, there's a lot of weirdness to it. Isn't it? Similar? Okay. Because a lot of this comes from, it's such a, it's, it's such an incredible feat that's so difficult to do that it's hard to believe anyone actually did it.


Sure. Which I can understand that mentality. But the thing is, you can go back in history and you could look at in for the sake of discovery and exploration. You can look at what other men have done hundreds of years ago that arguably is more impressive than going to the moon. Like what? I mean, you name it. Like take any, take any famous explorer from like the 15 hundreds to the 18 hundreds and whether it's Magellan or James Cook or Christopher Columbus or any of them, what they were able to do, navigating this vast ocean going to play, having no modern technology at all, being able to go from where their starting point hit some little tiny island somewhere and then go around and navigating a world that they don't even know what it Looks like.


They have no maps, they have no GPS. They have nothing at all. I cannot conceive of how they could have ever done that. I don't know how, how in the world not knowing what the world looks like, having no map, having no GPS having no modern navigation whatsoever. How in the world could you possibly get on a ship in, You know, launching out of France or Portugal or wherever and make it anywhere across the ocean? How could you, I don't know how you could do it. It's It's incredible. But it's incredible. But, but We know that it Happened. Okay. It's incredible. But it doesn't com it doesn't compare because they do it now easily. So anybody can get in a ship right now and travel. You, you can get a, a, a small boat that you have enough resources and you have enough gas and you could travel through these routes.


You can do it. It took 'em hundreds of years though. But you can do it right now. I could. So it's way easier to do now. Right. So it's something that they did that's incredible. No doubt, no argument. But something that could be reproduced today easily. Or at least, at least possibly. I wouldn't say easily. It's, it's a, it's a task. But it also took centuries to get to the point where it could be easily Recreated. But it got better right after each one did it. Because they had maps now and then they also used their sextons and they, they understood constellations in a way that most people don't today. And sextants are, if you actually use them correctly and you understand which way the, the tides go and which way the, the water currents are going, which way the flow is happening. They, they had a deep understanding of the currents of the earth.


They knew travel rains like travel lanes and they knew which ways they could go with ships. So applying that to the open ocean, applying that to the, these continents, they weren't even sure were There was very iffy, very dangerous, very courageous. But once they did it, then everybody else could do it easier. And then they started doing it better and better. And then people started coming to America and then bababababa. And now here we are. And now anybody can get in a boat, anybody with enough resources can have a boat that can travel those routes. No one can just say, I want to go to the moon today and get their private moon craft and fucking shoot off into the atmosphere and land on the moon. So no one's done that since 1969.


That's a recent occurrence in, in terms of like human history, but not technologically, the technology from 1969. It's not even, it's like cave people shit compared to what we have today. So you really can't compare the courageous, amazing deeds of these early explorers. 'cause what they did was absolutely fantastic. But they left a clear record of how to do it and then each person improved upon it. And now it's easy to do. But It was still, I mean The spacecraft travel is not, there's nothing like that. I Would say a hundred years from now, check, check In perhaps maybe The techno Christopher Columbus was 300 years before James Cook. I think the technology they were using was not that different.


It was pretty similar. It didn't, it didn't progress that fast. Well they had maps. They had maps and they had sex stents and they had a, a detailed, at least crude understanding of the shape of certain continents. Like there, there's maps from the 15 hundreds. There's maps from before that there, there's plenty of maps that are rough estimates and pretty good job actually. The cartographers back then were astonishingly good. Astonishingly good because it was so valuable to be good at that. Now this is the footage. So let's just watch this. So this is Neo Armstrong talking to Houston. So gimme some volume now The segment. All We, I don't think we can do that.


Why is that? We're watching, We're now watching the movie. Alright, so let's do this. Let's just, he and I will watch it with the sound on and we'll tell everybody else to just go to the website or go to the YouTube video. I don't, so we don't get pulled off of YouTube and we'll watch it and we won't say anything and then we'll af after it's over we'll come back. So play it. 'cause I want him to hear it Air after review. That's enough. So what do you think about that footage? I mean it's, it's interesting. Yeah. I'm at a slight disadvantage because I'm gonna assume that people have addressed some of those issues and have given responses to it.


I'm gonna assume, like if I went to YouTube right now and looked up that video debunked, people have probably Done that. I'm sure someone has. So I don't know what the, what, what their response would be. So it, it's interesting. I just don't see it at, so to me, I, I listen to that and I think, well that's interesting. I I I look into that to figure out what the first thing I'd wanna know is, okay, here's your claim, the claim they're making. I need to know what is the official narrative, let's say, how do they respond to that? 'cause I know they do, right? So I need to know that. Well Here's two problems with that video. One, the English accent. Those motherfuckers, if they wanna sell you something on late night tv, they use an English accent. 'cause it makes someone look more intelligent.


Yeah, more sophisticated. The Crescent insert, why would they fake any of it? And then they got you with the music. The music music is manipulative. So they're manipulating you in two ways. They're manipulating you with the woman's voice and they're manipulating you with the music. The mu Wait, so you're saying they are manipulating You with the video? I'm saying they most certainly are manipulating you in that video. That video is not just the video. So what I would rather have is just the video and watch that. But we do get to see them say the distance they are from the earth. Here's a couple of questions, right? What does it look like? What is the shine from the earth from 200,000 miles out?


And maybe you, in order to be able to film that, you have to block off the light from all those other windows. 'cause even though it's 200,000 miles out, just like the moon lights up the sky on a a, a night where there's a full moon and you're outside it, you can see like a really good full moon with a clear sky. You can see the ground, it lights it up. And the moon is one quarter of the earth's size and the moon is 250 plus thousand miles away. So if something is four times bigger than the moon and the blue from the, the earth's oceans, like when you see it from the space station, it is powerful. I mean It is a potent reflector of sunlight.


So you could say that he's just ignorant about how much reflection you would get from the surface of the earth, from 200,000 miles away. And even though they are filming it by blocking out all the lights and filming it through this window, that actually is the, the earth. That's actually what it Looks like when you're in deep space. You could say that too. You just don't know. And then it's, it's hard to figure out what's what. It's hard to figure out what's what. But when you see a video like that, you just go, Hmm, okay, what is that? And I don't think it's impossible to fake people going to the moon. I think it'd be very difficult.


It would require a lot of people to be on board. But I also think it could be compartmentalized. The people that make the rockets, they, they, you are a desi you're, what you're doing is you're making a specific part and this guy's making another part. And you have the engineers put this thing together and you launch this thing into space. The people that would have to know are the people that are actually charting the trajectory of the Apollo mission. The people that are actually talking to the astronauts and explaining to them what to say during the press conference. The people that are engineering the whole thing. And you could probably get away with doing something like that with a few hundred people and you could get a few hundred people of high ranking people that have top secret clearance to keep their mouth shut.


You Could, I would just need, I would need some kind of solid evidence of that to believe that it's True. Yeah, Me too. This to me, there are some things that we call conspiracy theories that I think are, You know, clearly true. There are some things that we call conspiracy theories that I think are maybe true. But there are conspiracy theories that to me are just that. They're just, they're just, they're not even theories really. They're just kind of like fanciful whatever proj projections. And the ones that I don't find convincing are where, where, where they, they usually start with, there's a so-called official narrative of a thing that happened.


There's a couple of things about what actually happened that are kind of weird. And we look at that and go, that's A little bit weird. And then the, and then the conspiracy theorist in that case, they come in and they find these little tiny cracks, if you wanna call it. And then inside the cracks they shove this whole like Hollywood cinematic narrative that they have created to explain what's actually like a pretty tiny crack. You don't need this whole thing to explain that. So with the moon thing, I mean one of the first so weird aspects of the moon landing that, that I think started kind of the conspiracy theories about it was the, the flag, the fact that the flag's moving in the picture.


Yep. And so yeah, it's like when you look at that, you don't really understand. You look at what that is weird 'cause there's no wind on the moon. But then you understand that, okay, for example, when you put the the flag down, it creates reverberations. It makes the flag move. It's gonna move for longer 'cause there's no gravity. So there's an explanation for that. But if you're the conspiracy theorist, then you take the flag moving and you just let, you're like, nope. The whole thing is bunk. Have you ever seen the video footage of the astronaut hopping by the flag and the, the, the breeze of him hopping by makes the flag wiggle. He's not, he doesn't touch the flag at all. The flag is completely stationary and then astronaut hops by the flag.


And as he hops by the flag, the flag wiggles. Okay. Are we saying that wouldn't happen on the moon? No, it wouldn't. There's no air. Yeah. Okay. But I haven't seen that. I'll show it to you. It's weird. Listen, what you are saying is entirely correct. Everything you're saying is entirely reasonable and, and correct. If they actually can get through the Van Allen radiation belts, if they can, this is stupid. This whole thing's stupid. But if they can't really do that and they never have done that, and the only time they say they've done that is these missions, it gets real weird. And since they haven't done it since then it gets real weird. And it's not just that there's other video footage. It's not just the one where the guy's hopping by the flag.


It's other ones where it looks like they're on wires, where they're being pulled up, where they fall down, they're being yanked up. The whole thing is weird. There's a lot of weirdness to the footage. The physics don't line up exactly the same. If you go to the early days of the like Apollo 11 footage and you look at the difference between when they were playing golf and jumping around the moon, they, they're, they move different, they, they cover more distance. The, it's Like, it looks different. They got better at it, they get better at filming it. They got better at whatever they're doing. And then there's the other question, maybe they actually did do it, but the cameras weren't able to handle the radiation and the film, which, You know, you, you wouldn't even be able to send your film through the radar detector at the airport back then.


'cause it would get fucked up. You'd have to put it aside. Maybe the radiation space fucks up the film. So even though they did do it, they show you recreations or show you these test runs that they did. And they, they film it because the actual film footage is impossible to obtain. That's possible too. Hassle bad, who made the cameras, didn't put any special protection in these cameras. There was nothing about them That was unusual that would be able to withstand that kind of radiation and that kind of heat of deep space. Yeah. Steve, do you have that one where the guy flies walks by the flag and he hops around and it wiggles? I have a, I typed that in and it's not really like Popping up. So I'm not sure which video. We definitely have played it before.


I, I know. But if you take a look, that's what's popping up. It's, it's not that one I don't think. Is it, it's not a The plant flag. No, that's not it. What did you write? Astronaut flag, flag wiggle, moon. No. Type in astronaut hops by flag. Flag wiggles. I saw a bunch of videos of people ask like making recreations and seeing if this was even possible, but not The video. Astronaut hops by causing a breeze to move the flag. Okay, that's it right there. Click on that. That's it. That's the footage. That's okay. So watch. So he is gonna hop by.


Okay, See that? Yeah, But I he could have hit the flag. Yeah, but he didn't look, look at the distance. Look how far away he is from it. Pull it back again. See where he is. So he's in front, he's way in front of that thing he hops by in the wig. It wiggles. I don know he is in the suit. The suit's pretty clunky. Yeah, but he is not close to it. Look at the perspective. Let's look at it in slow motion. So watch he hops by and it just wiggles in the breeze. That's a breeze dude. So that might not have actually happened on the moon. Okay. That might be footage that they filmed in Nevada desert.


And the footage they got on the moon got all fucked up. And so they tried to pass that off on people and they thought that no one would know. It doesn't necessarily mean we didn't go to the moon, but that does look weird. And it's just not Yeah, it's not one thing. It's, if That was the only thing you'd be like, oh, well who knows? But there's a lot of 'em. He could have also, he could have hit it. I mean he's close enough. It's possible. It's close enough. It doesn't look like he hit it. It looks like a breeze. Yeah. But then the other part of this is that they, so what they, the people that went through all this trouble to fake the moon landing, how would they miss these things? That's the other, Well I don't think they thought people would catch it. First of all, you're dealing with a time where there's no VHS tapes. There's no internet. Right? Right. No. So you show it on television.


Once you get to choose what gets shown and what doesn't get shown, you film a bunch of shit. That's how they got that footage of them inside the craft filming through that, that circular hole. Because they don't air everything on television. But you have archives. So you have all these archives and these kooks go through the archives and they find things like that. Okay. But that doesn't even mean that That was actual moon footage. That could have been some of the training footage. I'll tell you what would convince me to, not that it's a fake, but at least would make me open to it. One thing that would shake my faith considerably in the moon landing. If Elon Musk were to come out and say, yeah, I don't know about this moon landing thing, then okay, fine. 'cause, and I'm not saying this is my whole reason for believing it happened, but Elon Musk, first of all, if the moon landing was fake, he knows it was, he knows it was fake.


Sure. He's the richest man in the world. He's, he's shown zero concern for, You know, propping up official narratives at all. Right. So he's a guy that would know if it's faked would, there's no reason for him to continue that, that narrative if it was fake. In fact, he could even say, yeah, they faked it. I'm gonna do it for real. I'll be the first one to go to the moon. 'cause they faked it and he hasn't said that. So I also find that to be pretty compelling. The fact that he, as someone who would know, let's say the problem is that you and I and most people that talk about this, we have no like direct know access to knowledge about space. This is all being given to us by other people. So you gotta go to people that have actually are working with this stuff.


And so the fact that he has no time for this theory at all, I also find to be persuasive. It's good, it is persuasive, definitely. But also he has a contract with NASA and he has to be very careful about what he says and does. And for him to say something incredibly insane, like, we never went to the moon. Even if he believes it, that would be a, a, a big risk with zero reward because there's no way to prove, as you've said, there's no way to prove that we didn't go to the moon and to say that we didn't go to the moon is a, a kook take. Like that's what, what the fuck is wrong with you? You could say stupid things like that when you're a comedian, who's a podcast host, You know, but if you are, you have contracts with NASA and you run SpaceX and you are legitimately making some of the greatest breakthroughs in space travel that human beings have ever known like what they're doing with those falcons when they have them land.


Yeah. Fucking insane, insane. Come back and land. I mean, we've never been able to do that before. And it's all because of Elon. I mean, if he really is going to get people to Mars, something has gotta be addressed eventually as to, You know, if, if they do it and they pull it off and it's easy and comfortable, okay, we probably did it in 1969. If they go to the moon and there's no problem going through the Van Island radiation belts with no particular insulation other than what the spaceship had, maybe, yeah, they probably did it. Well, I'll say I, I don't even, the, the moon landing hoax idea is, it's barely even a kook take anymore.


I, I think it is. But you're, you're probably in the majority with your take on it. And when I, the last time I talked about this publicly, I got absolutely ripped to shreds. I mean, it felt, of course it felt like 99% against, and it's gonna happen again in response to this conversation. 99% against you. Yeah. I It's your take. So most people think that we didn't go to the moon. It Seems, I mean, that's your followers, bro. I think you get the overall internet. It would go the other way. The overall internet. Most people would think you're a kook for even entertaining the idea that we never went to the moon. Maybe. But it seems like it's, it's shifting drastically. And a lot of that is people just have lost all faith in our institutions, which I understand.


Yes, Yes. So people Are, I mean, That was kinda the point of your bit. That is people are, once you see that this is a lie, this is a lie. This Is a lie. Yeah, exactly. That is happening. And I'm totally sympathetic to that part of it, But I just think that the moon landing is there, there's a lot of good evidence for it. And also, You know, as a, this is an emotional argument. Yeah. It's an American thing. It's An, it's a, it's one of our greatest achievements as Americans. Sure. Like you gotta, you gotta pry that from my cold dead hands. I mean, I'm, I'm, you gotta really, you gotta really show me something to make me willing to give that up. I would tell you that one, some, one of our greatest achievements is faking the moon landing.


I could be, I think it's an amazing achievement. I think it's an amazing achievement. It's, it's akin to turning Kamala Harrison into the most compelling presidential candidates since Barack Obama. Like, there's things that they can do with propaganda and spin that are truly amazing. And, and watching her become this like, celebrated character when just a few months ago everybody was upset that she was on the ticket and oh my god, if Joe Biden dies and she becomes president, people are freaking out. Now all of a sudden everybody's like, yes, that's also, she should be president. That's Also wearing off though. I mean that's, you think So? I don't think So. It, she doesn't have, she had, they, they were able to make her into a sensation, a political sensation for about a month.


I don't think she has that anymore. I don't think people are, 'cause you gotta, you can hype somebody up and you can turn them into the next political savior through really good branding. They did that with Obama. But you gotta have something. There has to be something. They at least have to have charisma. I mean, Obama had charisma. So you at least have to have that with a pol. If you have a politician who has charisma, then the media can come in and they can do the rest and they can turn you into, well she Certainly has charisma when she has planned speeches and she gets to read off a teleprompter and maybe that thing in her ear. What do you think about that? You think that's legit? It could be. You see the company has responded To the, yeah. What, what did they Say? They said they, they definitely didn't deny it.


And they said, really it looks very close to like what our device and I really go to their website. It might be on their website. It they might, somebody sent me something and I, I just looked at it briefly and I'm like, oh this will probably come up today. I wanted to, I wanna see it in real time. 'cause whatever the website is of the company that makes that thing, they've apparently addressed it on the website. But is that illegal? I don't know if it's illegal, but it's certainly you're not incredibly unethical. Unethical for sure. But also if they pulled that off with earrings, like fucking amazing And it would explain 'cause she, she stayed on script really well.


Amazingly well. Amazingly well. Pretty sure It's their website. Does it say anything about the presidential debates? The company's definitely responded. Maybe it wasn't their website. Maybe it was social media. What is the name of the company? No, I'm pretty sure this is it. Okay. Google Nova audio earrings. Response to presidential debate. Nova audio earrings response response to presidential debates. It Sounds like patrol I, it might've been a troll. That's why I wanted to see it in real time to find out what the fuck it is. But see if there's a website where they responded.


'cause I think they did respond. I could find it. I know I saved it. S says Kamala earrings strikingly similar to its Bluetooth device. Okay, there it is. Strikingly similar to its Bluetooth device offers to make ones for Trump. Imagine Trump starts wearing earrings. First of all, that would never work. 'cause you can't tell him what to do. Yeah. He would never, he's not gonna listen. It's not gonna happen. He, he knows, he's free balling. We do not know whether Mrs. Harris wore one of our products. The resemblance is striking. And while our product is not specifically developed for the use at Prudential presidential debates, it is nonetheless suited for it.


Okay. There you go. Yeah. To ensure a level playing field for both candidates. We are currently developing a male version and we'll soon be able to offer it to the Trump campaign. The choice of colors a bit challenging though, as orange does not go well with a lot of colors. That company's funny. They're funny. That's a funny company. Would I would buy their shit bulletproof Earrings for Trump. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I mean How crazy is the, the, the conspiracy theory that he didn't actually get shot, that he like cut his ear like a pro wrestler. Like Yeah, that's a, that's another, or or that it was shrapnel, which to me would make even less sense 'cause Yeah, it's a very minor injury 'cause you just got nicked.


But if a shrapnel you would expect, You know, marks all over his face. Right. Or not. You know, the thing is shrapnel could be a small piece of shrapnel. You know, shrapnels not uniform. Right? So if it hits a railing, which apparently there is some shot, there's some video footage of, 'cause I think There was nine shots fired total. Yeah. Was that what it was? Something like that. Something Crazy like that. So what about that though? Trump sustained two centimeter wide gunshot wound to his ear. Okay. The thing is, ears heal pretty quick. Yeah. And two centimeters, I mean, you can't see it from Yeah, I saw holes from when I got My ears pierced. Oh yeah. But that's different. That's a hole. This is a scratch. Like ears, like I've gotten my ears fucked up a bunch of times from Jiujitsu and they heal pretty quick.


It's foreheads, heal quick ears, heal quick things around your mouth heal really quick There. The, there's parts of your body that have a lot of blood vessels and they, they heal pretty quick. He's old, which is odd for him not to have a scar, but it's not inconceivable that it could just scratch the surface and that would cause a lot of blood. Like if you get a forehead cut, forehead cuts are crazy. You, it just pours blood on your face. But if you get a cut like on your knee, yeah, it doesn't even drip. You know, you have to have a real cut on your knee to be dribbling blood down your shin. You know, the, the forehead is filled with blood vessels as I think are the tips of the ears. So I think it would bleed a lot. And it might, it might be a minor injury that bleeds a lot and it could heal in a few days.


Also. It wouldn't even ma even if he didn't get hit with a bullet, which he did, but if he didn't, it doesn't make a difference. He still got shot at Yeah. It doesn't change what Happened. And people behind him, one guy died. Yeah. And other people got grievously, grievously injured. Yeah. Like terribly injured to the point where it's gonna affect them for the rest of their life. The, the more bizarre thing about the shooting is that it's only been two months since it happened. Right? Two months. Or not even two months. It's been like a month and a half. And, and we've al we've moved on Like it never happened. Like it never happened in two weeks. Yeah. In two weeks they stopped talking about It. It's had it's had no political impact whatsoever. Nuts. He, he got no polling boost from it.


Reagan got like 12 points briefly, Which just shows you the polls are full of shit Probably, but Yeah. Full of shit. I Mean they are full of shit. But also I, I would, I would, I, it would not shock me if, because we're so easily distracted if people really did just forget and don't care a week later, two weeks later. Well, as long as it's not in the news and it's not in the news, you don't, you don't care about it. Also, There was no press conference, so that's kind of crazy. There was no disclosure of all the information about this young man's prior history. What led him to this? They went to his apartment and it was professionally scrubbed. There was no silverware in his place. There's also this bizarre thing where there's, You know how they get ad data where you could track where phones have been?


Yeah. This one phone was going from outside of the FBI office in Washington DC to where this kid is multiple times. So how did this kid get these explosive devices? How did he get up on the roof? How did they, how did they not flag him? And you see a guy walking around with a range finder a half an hour before the event, that guy is going to jail. Like, what are you talking about? You have, there's two reasons for a range finder. You're trying to shoot something or you're using it for golf. Or if you're not playing golf, then you're trying to shoot something. That's the only other reason for a range finder. Yeah. And That Was like three hours Before. Yeah. They, they knew about that kid. They, they, they were aware that he was there.


He somehow or another got on the roof with a rifle. The whole thing sucks. It's stinks to high heaven. And then they cremate him. He's gone. They, they, they get his body. Someone snatches his body like five or six days after the event and 10 days later he is cremated. Yeah. The whole thing is nuts. Like, who is this kid? Why did he do this? Why did some 20-year-old kid take shots at the president? Yeah. Why didn't he have a scope? This is one where I'm totally open to conspiracy theories only because there's not even, there's not even like an official narrative for Right. They basically told us nothing. So Right. We're left to fill in the blanks. Not Only that, think about how perfect it would've been for a plan to assassinate someone. If you do get this lone crazy kid, you give him whatever.


I mean, there's been no toxicology examination of his body that's been released. Right. So who knows what the fuck this kid's on. Yeah. If you're gonna try to convince someone to go shoot the former president, you'd probably dope him up with some crazy shit. Right. And then that would be in his system. And then it would be like, be able to trace, okay, how do you get this? Let's in, let's talk to all the people that are on his cell phone. All the people that are in his email, let's investigate and find out where the fuck he got this stuff that he's on when he shoots at the president. You don't hear a peep out of that. So this guy, somehow or another figures out how to get on the roof, take these shots and then they kill him. Now if he shot and hit Trump, if Trump didn't turn his head at that pivotal moment where they talk about it and it's a headshot, Trump is dead.


The world's in chaos. And this kid's dead seconds later. And then it's like that crazy kid who shoots the president and that's it. And then, okay, now who's gonna run as a Republican who's the world's in chaos. Yeah. It would've been a perfect plan if that kid just pulled it off. Yeah. I mean, and I just, I can't, I think about, I I, when I do a like a college speech, we'll have a little, we'll have a few security guys there and there's no way if someone showed up with a range finder, they would not get in the building. Anyone that looks vaguely suspicious with any kind of bag is getting flagged.


Now I got like, You know, I got three or four guys and I'm just a guy. I'm like just a guy giving a speech at a college. That never would've happened. It could not have happened. They would've flagged especially three hours ahead of time. So how does that happen with the president of the United or or former president? It, it's, it's impossible to wrap your mind around. It's not like they've come up with, it's not like they've come up with some explanation where you could go, okay, well now I can see how that might have happened. Everything we've, we've heard since then just makes you even more confused. No, it's insane. It's insane. The whole story's insane. And the fact that it went away is even more insane. And the fact that There was a brief moment where even Biden was saying that we have to stop being so polarized and stop attacking each other and just try to help this country peel.


And then, eh, a week later, fuck that guy. That guy's a threat to democracy Part. But I I also think part of it, the fact that America, that America seems to have moved on is nuts. Part of it was a, it's a political mistake. A lot of it's the media, of course they have no interest in talking about it. Some of it guy goes to the Republican party. I mean I you had the Republican Convention, which was like two days later. The so the timing is nuts. And even at the Republican convention, I just felt like the fact that this guy was almost killed two days ago should be like the centerpiece of this thing. I mean you've got, you've got all the cameras on you for four days and so everything you were planning for the convention should change now because of this.


And it should take on an extra seriousness. And just the whole tone should change. Yeah. Because of this in incredible historic event. Fist up, fight, fight, the whole thing. And I don't know, they just went to the Republican convention and they started parading around the normal, You know, they had their celebrity Whole podium comes out, They've got Instagram influencers and they've got, You know, they've got MAGA rappers from YouTube. And it's just like, you're not, you're, you are not showing us how serious this thing is. And so I think That was a mistake. Right. Well I think he only wanted to address it once and it's probably, look, he's got a great ability to push things aside and it's one of the reasons why he didn't age like everybody else ages when they get into the White House, he kinda aged normal, You know?


Yeah. Like he didn't seem any older. When he got out is when he got in, he was the same guy. And I think he's got this ability because so many people have hated him for so long and he gets attacked so often. He knows how to just shut it off and shut it out. And I think he probably did that with the assassination attempt too. It's one of the reasons why he said, I'm gonna talk about it once and I'm not gonna talk about it again. And he's basically held to that other than briefly mentioning it that he thinks he got shot in the head because of the way they talk about him. Which I would agree. I mean, if we watch that, we've watched that footage right before the podcast of Trump on the Colbert show that apparently never aired. But Jamie says you can get it on Colbert's website.


Yeah, it was on YouTube. I don't know why peoples, I Don know does. No, no, no. But it is just saying that it never aired, never aired on television. Is that true? I don dunno. Why would it be on YouTube then? Well, because sometimes things get on YouTube that never air on television. Like Fear Factor. The Fear Factor episode that got us canceled. You, you can't watch it on on television. It would never aired on NBC. But it, it's on the, in on YouTube. You could watch it on YouTube. There's things that get aired. There's an article From it on the Atlantic from the day after. It's those things that go around is like, Okay. So he might have actually been a guest. Yeah, he did. Okay. So he was a guest on it. But the way they talk to him, the way Colbert talks to him and the way they talk to him on the View, the View is my favorite one.


The view's Wild when they're all hugging him and everybody loves him. They Both are, I think they're equally as wild. 'cause Colbert's apologizes to him apparently in that for, for being mean to him. Tells him in the, in the clip we watched, tells him, I'm so grateful that you're running for president. Yeah. And this was, he Said that. Yeah. Yeah. And this was September of 20 16, 15. So this was of course after he'd already announced A year. A year plus before the elections. Yeah. But everybody thought he was a joke back then. Yeah. I think it was. I I think it was that they, they were happy that he ran and they wanted to win the nomination 'cause they thought that he easily beat him. So he was really, it really is a Frankenstein kind of story from their perspective.


Yes. 'cause they look at him as a monster, this monstrous figure. And they re the media deliberately created this. They, they gave gave him all the attention. They sucked all the oxygen outta the room. Yep. For every other candidate. 'cause this is the guy they wanted. And they thought he's, we, We were gonna annihilate him. There's no way he's gonna win a general election. And of course he won. But, and I think that's one of the reasons why ever since then they haven't been able, the media, they, they just can't, they hate 'em with an extra passion that that that they have not had even for other Republican presidents. And I think, I think a lot of it is, it's like this, they're projecting because they realize that they did this and, and they just can't get over it.


I think, well There's definitely this overcorrection. You know, Robert Epstein talked about that, You know, Robert Epstein's done all that work on Google and these ephemeral instances of interacting with Google, where it shows you with search results and with news stories that get brought to your feed, that they're temporary. You don't record them. So he records all these. And what he has found through his research is that especially with people that are on the fence, like people that are 50 50, you could swing 50 50 to 90 10. Like people that don't know who they're gonna vote for, you could make it 90 10 just through these interactions with Google.


It's really shocking. What do you mean 90 10 in, in what Way? 90 10. Like say if you want Hillary to win or you want Trump to win, what, who, whatever candidate you choose, if you manipulate the search results, if you manipulate just the fill in, You know, the suggestions is Matt Walsh A and then it just fills it in just through that, just through the suggestions. They can manipulate it to a significant difference for people that are on the fence, that are independents or that are undecided. And he said you can take 50 50 and turn it to 90 10. Wow. Which is fucking stunning. It's stunning. Terrifying. It's, It's terrifying and it's unregulated. And one of the things that happened was after Trump won in 2016, There was some sort of a meeting at Google where they were openly talking about this and they were talking about we can't let this happen again.


Which is such a crazy thing to say that we can't let the people decide who they want to be president again, if that exact is what they said. If that is what they, and let's find out what the actual quote was. And I could see how someone would say that if they worked at an insurance company and they're a pro, You know, a diehard Democrat blue, no matter who, and they were like, we can't let this happen again. I could see how you say that if you're just an individual voter who doesn't really have an impact. But if you're someone who can shift undecided voters from 50 50 to 90 10, as Robert Epstein is alleging, if that's true, that's a crazy thing to say. 'cause you're deciding you are gonna decide the result of the election and you don't give a fuck about debate and free speech.


And people being able to decide for themselves Because you think that you are right. And you think everybody else should agree with you. You also think that you are, or you've told yourself that you are the, the vanguard protecting democracy in our way of life. Which is crazy. Which is insane. Of course. The idea that you have to prevent people from voting, from a cer for a certain guy in order to protect democracy, It's Like, is nuts. It's so nuts. But but that's what they actually believe. And and when you tell yourself that and you, you convince yourself that, well this is for their own good. Yeah. Like these people are silly. They don't know they're dumb, they're bigoted. They don't understand what they're doing. And so for their own good, we have to prevent them. We have to do whatever we can to prevent this.


When I talk to some of my hardcore lefty friends that are still left in LA That was telling you about before they say we, they say we all the time we have to win this. They say that all the time. We can win if this happens. They say that kinda shit and they talk about it like they're talking about the Dodgers. They really do. They talk about it like they talk about our team and they're connected to all these other people in their community and they're all on this team. And it's weird, man. It's a weird little hack that it's just like hypnosis. It's weird that you could just do that to people. It's weird that you can get people to just ideologically be captured and join this team and lose all ability to look at things objectively and, and, and just understand nuance and understand the influence of propaganda and like how many people are spending money on this and like, why is, well, does all the news have this one specific narrative and then Fox News is a totally different, well what is going on here?


And nobody does that. Yeah. And not only, not only can you get them to, obviously they hate Trump, but to also demonized, You know, half of the, the country's population. I mean There was just, I think it was M-S-N-B-C yesterday, one of these pundits was talking about Trump and said, well he's, he's despicable. He is terrible, but his supporters are too. He said, and they, they went on about how terrible his supporters are, which is, you're talking about tens of millions of Americans. A basket Of deplorables. Right. But You know, we take it for granted now. But 15 years ago that would kind of be unthinkable. It was just you, you wouldn't do that. You would, you say whatever you want about a politician, you hate them, they're terrible.


But it was just generally understood that you don't, you don't use that language to talk about all the people voting for them. These are American citizens. Do you remember when Mint Romney and Barack Obama debated? Yeah. It was the most cordial Yeah. Professional, respectful discussion of the issues and who could do a better job. Yeah. Kind of amazing. Kind of amazing that That was, what was that, 2012? Yeah. Kind of amazing. And I don't mind. 'cause you can go back farther in American history and you can find like back to the beginning and they're in Congress, like beating each other over the head with fireplace pokers and that sort of thing. And I don't, You know, there's an argument to be made for that kind of, it certainly makes CSPAN a lot more interesting, but that shows a certain passion for the issues, I suppose.


Sure. But that's, it's what we have now is different from that. It's, it's, it's much more, I mean, there've been multiple cases recently of congressional hearings where they start screaming at each other. Marjorie Taylor Green, c Marrie, Taylor Green, A OC and who's the other one? Jasmine Crockett I think. And it's like a waffle house. It's like, You know, just no respect for each other, but also no, no dignity at all. Right? No, no class, no Respect for the position. Right? Like you can't be yelling out, oh baby girl. Like you're exactly, you're congresswoman. This is crazy. And they're making fun of each other's wigs. Google versus Trump leaked video reveals executives negative reactions to Trump's 2016 election victory.


So what is the actual quote? I didn't see the actual quote that We were trying to find. There were stuff said that they weren't happy. And then this got, so this was a confidential video that got released via Breitbart in 2016. So he is saying here, hold on. Oh, sorry. Are you saying here, most people are pretty upset and sad because of the election. Imagine that most people like how do You know, like myself as an immigrant and a refugee, I certainly find this election deeply offensive. And I know many of you do too. I think it's a very stressful time and it conflicts with many of our values. So scroll up. What else did he say? He also, he then added to like, he hopes the, there might be, I'm gonna find where it was.


It might have been right here. Yeah. Less convinced. He said, I, I find that things Trump has done very offensive. I don't have very high hopes, but he could do anything. You have no idea. Maybe he'll do something great. Who knows? Take A little bit of wishful thinking. So Google Pushed back that there wasn't any bias discussed in the meeting. But I Well that's bias right there saying that most of us are upset. Right? For over 20 years everyone at Google has been able to freely express their opinions at these meetings. Nothing was said at that meeting or any other meeting to suggest that any political biases e ever influences the way we build or operate our products. So this is Google's official statement. So what else did he say though? Where, because the thing that Robert was alleging that he was saying, we're gonna make sure it doesn't happen again.


Right. I I couldn't find that quote. I watched A little bit of the video with closed captioning. Scroll back up so I could just read all those quotes there. Okay. It doesn't Say it though, right? Someone else that they're giving a quote of, not him. I think a lot of us would agree this election was particularly hard. He said There was a lot of rhetoric. There was a lot of Rhetoric. Yeah. Well that's what elections are. One of the things that's always interesting to me is that they're, that they are so desperate to stop Trump and they, that they, they act like it's, it's, You know, the future of the planet. It hangs in the balance. Meanwhile, they still own everything.


I mean, they own all the institutions, Google, You know, the federal government. So the truth is that Trump could get into office. This happened last time. He was in office for four years. They act Like it was the end of the world. Then he is out of office and they basically reverse everything he did in like two seconds, a couple executive orders, whatever. And, and most of it never took hold anyway because the bureaucracy is entirely aligned against Trump. So it, it's, it, that's the problem is that even when Trump gets in there, there's, there's, he's, he's handicapped his ability to do anything because the entire federal government, he might be at the top of it, but everybody underneath him despises him.


And they're all leftist. So, and they, they could just reverse it the second that he leaves. And yet they still act like if he's in there that it's, it's the end of the world. They still can't, you think they'd almost have an attitude? They're like, yeah, whatever. Fine. Let let 'em have it for four years. Yeah. It still won't matter because we're still gonna be in charge of everything. Did you see the conversation where this woman was talking to someone from the Trump, from from Trump's team saying worried that he was going to weaponize the judicial system once he got into office. That if he got into office he would weaponize the judicial system and go after his enemies. Oh wow. And he says like, what?


I Can't imagine, What are you saying? Are, are you, for you saying that and asking whether or not Trump would do that, you have to acknowledge the fact that that's absolutely happening to him right now. Yeah. And then she tries to push back against it. And he does a brilliant job of explaining how she's incorrect. Hey, let me, I'm gonna find this Jamie, 'cause this is a good one unless you could find it. But it's, it's kind of crazy like to, to see this conversation take place. 'cause you're just like, what? Like how are you even, how are you so blind to what's absolutely happening that you could even say that I'm gonna find it. God damnit, it's so hard to find things that you save on these little social media platforms.


See if you can find it. Jamie, From the debate. No, it was from a conversation between someone in the Trump administration, someone on his team. And I know I can find it if you just gimme a second That Trump is going to weaponize the Yeah. That, that's her argument is that Trump is going to weaponize the political system and You know, this guy saying, what, what, how are you even saying that without admitting that he, that they're doing that right now to him? God dammit, I'm not gonna find it. I don't know where I saved it. Sorry. Every time I type it in, all I see is stuff about Trump saying he would use. I know, but that's because of Google and that's why wets his face is correct.


God, I know I saved it. Shit. Of course. The funny thing is that he definitely will not do that. No. Well he didn't do that when he was in office. He could have done that to Hillary. Right. And he said he thought it would be a bad look. Yeah, yeah. He, he ran on lock up and he didn't, I mean that's the thing. They always, their criticisms of Trump, one of the reasons they don't really land is that they, they're not hitting him in the places where like they don't even understand what his weaknesses actually are. They try to make him out to be some kind of dictator. That's, that's the opposite. If anything, he has the opposite. If anything he has the opposite flaw that he, he's actually hesitant to wield power even in times when he should.


So, You know, if anything that should be the criticism that you should use your power more. But he's probably the least dictatorial, You know, presidential candidate we we've ever had. Yeah, probably when you think about what he actually did when he was in off in office. But that's why it gets weird. It's like, 'cause they can say something and it can be not true, but yet enough people repeat it and then it just becomes a narrative that everyone just, I mean like it's true that he's a convicted felon now, but is it true that it's, that it makes any sense No. For you to say that he is a convicted felon, like okay. Right, but what did he do? Do You know what he did? What he did is a misdemeanor.


Like, and it also, it had lapsed the, the, You know, whatever the fuck it is where you statute of limitations. Statute of limitations. Thank you. So, and there's 34 counts for a bookkeeping. Right. And, but they don't know what he did. The people saying that they don't know what he did. They have no, they don't care. Right. They don't care. So they just repeat that thing that he's a convicted felon. I can't find this goddamn thing. It's driving me nuts because it was really interesting. I hate when I save something and I don't know where I put it, But I know I do. And the funny thing is, these are also people who otherwise would say that the court system is entirely corrupt. That just 'cause you're a convicted felon, it really doesn't mean anything at all necessarily.


Right. So, but in this case they, they put a lot of stock in it. Well it's just, we're in the weirdest time where people are willing to believe bullshit. It's, it's not as simple as being able to recognize bullshit. They recognize it, they have it right in front of them and they're willing to believe it because it's more convenient to believe it. Yep. All right. I can't find it. I'm giving up right now. Damn it. Well they said stuff like that for sure. Yeah, I know they have. But this one was really interesting Because you see this guy combat it and the way he combats it is so, so interesting to see her squirm 'cause Yeah, that's exactly what they're doing.


They're, I mean, it's not a terrible crime that he committed and you're making it seem as if it's something that he deserves to be in jail for the rest of his life for. And that's crazy. That's a crazy thing to say. And that might actually happen if he doesn't become president. If he doesn't become president, they might actually lock him up for 25 years for that, which is essentially the rest of his life will be behind bars at Rikers. Yeah. I kind of go back, I, that's the conventional wisdom, at least the people I talk to that they say, well if, if Trump doesn't win, he is gonna jail. And so he's got a lot on the line here. I kind of think, are they real? Like maybe it's naive of me to think, but would they, would they do that or would they rather just, he loses Kamala wins and then they can let try, they'd want Trump to just fade into obscurity and never talk about him again?


I don't know. I would tend to think that that would be, that they'd prefer that, but probably not. I mean they, Yeah, you don't know. It's, it's just, it's so hard to tell what people would or wouldn't do today. It's just the whole country seems so committed to their side and I don't know what a solution to that is. And I don't know how we get past this and whether Trump wins or loses, like what happens, what happens next? There's a real, I mean there's certainly a real thirst for vengeance. They, they, they want revenge on him. I think that's what it comes down to. Whether it helps them politically or not. Because I think that's the problem is that if they, if Kamala wins and then they really go after Trump and try to put him in jail and if they actually do put him in jail, I don't see how it helps them politically.


I think that's just gonna radicalize people on the right even more than they already are. It will radicalize people on the right, but people, and For good reason by the way, I'm radicalized by it. Yeah. But, But I, So it doesn't help them politically, but I think they just, they, he has to pay the price for defying them for so many years. But if he does get in office, then it gets very interesting because then it's like what can he, what can he do now? Like how much different is his take on it now? Because one of the things that he said is the first time he got in he didn't know anything about governing. He is like, I had to find people and I picked some of the wrong people, But I, I know better now and I could do a better job of it now. Which kind of makes sense. 'cause one, if I wanted to talk to him, one of the things I would want really want to ask is what is it like the first, when you actually get in there, they don't think you're gonna be in there and now all of a sudden you're the actual president.


Yeah. Like what is the resistance? Like what are the communications like what can you say about how you have these conversations with these people and how you, how you govern, how you get things done. Yeah. How much power do you actually Have? Right. What is it actually like, because we all have this sort of mystical view of what it's like to be the actual president, but very few people and only one ever that's not a part of the system has ever snuck through. Yeah. And attained that, that position. It's only him. Yeah. I'd be interested to hear his answer to that. I, it wouldn't surprise me if in a weird way when you become president, you, you, you feel very powerless once you're sitting there Because you realize that you're, you're overseeing this just gigantic mammoth thing that's, that's just so unwieldy.


There's no way, like there's no way to really control it. Yeah. And especially in his case, you've got so many people within his own administration plotting against him. So Is there a lot of people within his own administration now you think plotting against him? Or only then do you think it's just like backstabbing politics that just at the, what they do, period. I mean at the time there certainly was, and I think, But I think he also made some, he made some bad choices in personnel. He made a lot of really bad. I mean, bringing guys like John Bolton in, there's no chance that you're not gonna be undermined by somebody like that. And especially, You know, in Trump's first campaign in 2016, drain the Swamp was, was one of the, it was build the wall and drain the swamp and lock her up.


You know, were the two, the three big things and you don't hear, we don't hear drain the swamp nearly as much anymore. In fact, I don't think I've heard it. It's never said anymore. Right. Which is unfortunate because that is actually, that is, that is the first thing that needs to happen if he gets in there. And what I would love to see is that okay, he's in there now. He got back in, they tried to stop him, they tried to kill him, they tried to put him in jail, he still got in there. He doesn't, he's not getting reelected. This is it for him. Four more years. He's outta politics forever after that. And I'd love to see him just, I got, I got nothing to lose now they're gonna put me in jail when I'm out of office. You know, so I got nothing to lose. I don't care what these people say and just ruthlessly push your agenda through no matter how much they complain about.


I'd love to see him do that. I think that they're assuming he will, which is why they're so desperate to stop him. But, But I don't know. It didn't happen the first time. You know, so I hope it does. What's also gonna be very interesting to see, like what did they do to try to prevent this from happening in the future? 'cause one of the things that has been discussed is cracking down on misinformation. And that free speech doesn't include misinformation. Which is a wild thing to say after what we just went through with Covid where what people were saying was misinformation turned out to be a hundred percent true. And not just about covid, but about a bunch of things. A hundred Biden laptop story. There's quite a few different things you could point to.


Like who the fuck gets to decide what's information. Only the government, you guys, the people that have lied about basically everything. Like this is a crazy thing to say. And to be running on that and to get people to support that, just the lack of understanding of what it means to be able to freely express ideas and communicate and whistleblowers, whistleblowers from corporations that are telling you about something they're doing. It's illegal whistleblowers from government agents that are telling you they're spying on you when it's illegal. All that shit like, to, to have that be filter through the government is an insane position. And yet that's something that they talk about. And this is something bizarrely that the left supports, Well even if, 'cause even if it is mis, most of the stuff they call misinformation isn't, but in the case when there's something that is mis it's just not true.


That's being plenty of, that goes around the internet. That's still free speech too. You have the right to say things that are not, as long as you're not slandering somebody, you have the right to make claims about the world that don't happen to be true. So the idea that that doesn't qualify as free speech is of course absurd. And then, but then who then that also requires some central authority to be the arbiter of what is true and what is not. Exactly. And it's like a childish view of truth and lies. It's childish because one of the only ways that people find out if something is correct or not is let someone say something that's incorrect. Then someone who knows a lot more comes along and corrects them. Right. Yeah. That's, that's how it works. You know, like I had Terrence Howard, You know, Terrance Howard, the actor.


Yeah. Brilliant guy, but wrong about a lot of the things that he thinks he's right about. I brought him in with Eric Weinstein and Eric Weinstein, who's a genius, like a legitimate genius and a mathematician. Explained him like very patiently and carefully, this is why you're wrong and this is what you need to know and ex you've got some good ideas, but you're off on all these different things. I'm an actual expert and let me help you out here. And so anybody who saw Terrence Howard talk on the first podcast had this idea like, oh wow, maybe he's right about all these things. Anybody who saw the second podcast with Eric, where Eric clearly corrects him and actually knows what he's talking about, he's a brilliant guy.


Now you have a, that's what free speech is supposed to be about. That's what's supposed to be about. And actual expert comes in, corrects everything. And then you have this look at it like, okay, now I see now it's been, look, but it, it's not silence Terrence Howard. 'cause he doesn't know what the fuck he's saying. No. It's like, let him talk now. Let someone who really knows what they're talking about, explain to him why he is wrong. That's the benefit of free speech. And everybody listens to that, has a better understanding of all these different really weird complex things that they're discussing that maybe otherwise you would never have illuminated in that way. Yeah. You would never really be able to understand it. That's why, that's why I think the, the free speech thing is people act like it's a complicated, it's a complicated subject. Where do you draw the line?


What is free speech? What, what qualifies and what doesn't? I don't think it is that complicated really. I think it's just you should have the right to express whatever your opinion happens to be. Everyone should be able to say their opinion, their point of view, wrong or right reprehensible or, or not. They should be able to say it. Yeah. You can't defame someone, you can't threaten to kill somebody. But those aren't really opinions that's, that's that's different. It's like if it's just your opinion about what's happening in the world, it should be allowed and it should be allowed legally. It should be allowed on every social media platform. I think it's kind of simple actually to, to differentiate between that and the 'cause.


Yeah. There's certain kinds of speech that should not be allowed. We all understand that. Yeah. It's complicated. And this childish idea that just handed over to the government to clean it up. That's not the answer. It is complicated. There, there are gonna be people that say a bunch of things that aren't true, but the way to combat that is not put the government in charge of what's true. Right. Especially when they've been wrong so many times or they just out and out lied so many times. That's a crazy position for the left to take. The ones that are supposed to be the party of science and reason and the ones that are supposed to be the most educated. It's, it's just a bizarre perspective. Just Because you don't want Trump to win. Just you don't, you don't want this to happen again. And they hate speech too is the other, is the other, the other label they used to, you can't, you can't say Tim Wall said this recently Yeah.


About free speech. He said, well, of course you can't hate speech and misinformation doesn't count. But what is hate speech, right? Hate speech is just you're expressing that you hate something. That that's people, people hate things. You know? It, it's legitimate. There's some things we should hate. So the idea that, that it's, it's, it's automatically illegitimate to express a view if it's, if it's communicating. Hatred is of course ridiculous. It is ridiculous. But it's also a really goofy label that you can slap on basically anything. Right? Like hate speech can get to the point where if you call Caitlyn Jenner, Bruce Jenner, that's hate speech. Right. That's dead naming, dead naming falls under hate speech. And so what are you saying?


You can't do that? Like, well that's fucking ridiculous. I can call him a cunt, But I can't say his name is Bruce. That's insanity. Like what, what, what what world are we living in where you can decide what someone can and can't say by a label. That's so why it's such a net. You're casting, You know, hate speech. It, it's like completely subjective. Anyone can decide what's hate speech, Right? It and it's, it, it implies that all hatred is automatically bad or at least it, it puts the people in power in a position where they can decide what kind of things you're allowed to hate and what you're not. Right. And it, it makes things all equal too. Something like very benign versus something truly awful. It's all under this one stupid umbrella of hate speech.


Yeah. Hate crimes too is the same. Where, where Do you think we would be if Elon hadn't bought Twitter? Different World, right? Yeah. That that, that's a, I think Elon Musk is, he is actually preserving free speech, one of the main people preserving free speech in America right now and going into space. So it's, it's always funny to me when people, when the left tries to nitpick and needle at him. It's like, this is one of the most significant human beings on the planet right now. And literally one of the most significant human beings historically, ever. Right. He's like a Nicola Tesla type character that people are gonna be talking about a hundred years from now. And he'll, You know, SpaceX will launch a rocket and it'll blow up or something.


Stephen King was making fun of him, right? Yeah. You'll have someone like Stephen King, like rocket blew up. It's like, dude, what? Yeah, your rockets don't blow up 'cause you don't build them. I mean, You know, Not only that, like he made this tweet about how it, it damaged the ionosphere that when it blew up. But do You know that that like heals up in like 40 minutes? Yeah. Like he didn't even bother looking into that. Like every time they punch a rocket through that shed, it damages it, but it, it heals. It's Like it punches, it's like, You know, you punch a hole through a cloud And, and a lot of times when they say that the rocket malfunction or something is actually doing exactly what it was supposed to do. This is a test run or whatever, but it's Yeah. They have to test tolerances and parameters. I mean, they have a lot of 'em blow up.


Yeah. That's what you have to do until you get one that doesn't blow up. Yeah. You, you and you need, and we just need people in the world. This is very much the, it's like the Teddy Roosevelt man in the arena, You know, speech. You need people in the arena who are actually trying to do stuff. Yeah. Do do important things. You need people like that. Yeah. And of course social media gives a platform for people who are like not doing anything at all to just sit and snicker at the few people in the world who are trying to achieve something. Yeah. But That's okay. That's okay too. That's their free speech. You know, let You know if that's what Stephen King wants to do today, let 'em go. Who cares? You know, it's, it's interesting to watch.


It's all of it is interesting to watch. You know, there's, there's a, a lot of people out there that are fools and they serve as education to others. You see the folly in their actions and behaviors and how stupid they look and how ridiculous this whole thing is. And it's there for you. You learn from those people. You can, you could you have a better understanding of human behavior. You have a better understanding that people are capable of, You know, being really interesting intelligent people, but also being buffoons at the same time. And that, You know, we're all subject to all these various influences. And especially through the use of social media, which just like I said before, it's just, it's an anxiety creating machine.


And there's so many of these people that are attached to it that are so deeply rooted in these online conversations and so disconnected from the natural world. And it's odd, it's odd to watch, but they're there for you. They're there for an education, an understanding, a greater understanding of the, the weird nuances of human thinking. 'cause that's gen that's genuinely what this whole thing is all about. All the ideologies and all the, You know, left and the right and the immigrants are great and immigrants are terrible and they're eating ducks. All of it is just human thinking. Trying to figure out what's the correct and incorrect way that we all cohabitate and what's, what's the best way for all of us to sort of get along. Yeah, I mean that's the catch 22 with social media.


'cause it could be, if you use it exactly the right way, it does give you access to all these human beings and the way that they're thinking about things, which could be quite enlightening. But most people don't use it the right way. And also you Have to use it the right way And you can't, this is also why, my opinion, my kids, none of my kids have smartphones or social media. They're gonna get bullied. Well they're not, they're not on social media. So They won't, they're gonna get bullied by how, how old are your kids? Our oldest, they 11. That's young enough. They shouldn't have social media. Yeah, I agree with you there. But as they get into like the high school ages, like I think it's a new world. We are navigating it. They should learn how to navigate it too.


I think it is very addictive, but it also, there's people that know how to walk away from it and know how to self-regulate. And I think that's a valuable skill that I think everyone's going to have to learn. Yeah. I think once You like, I mean we've thought, we haven't quite decided when we're gonna introduce this stuff to the kids. But once again, the height at a certain point Yeah. I don't want them to be 18 and it's their first time ever holding a cell phone. Right. Because then you're just, then they have no, I they, we haven't given them the tools to understand how to use this stuff. Right. Like the emotional and You know, intellectual tools. So you gotta introduce it at some point. But, You know, mo, most kids today, I don't know what the, the latest figure is, but q millions of kids today have smartphones by the time they're like eight or nine years old.


Oh Yeah. And a lot of my kids, You know, friends when they come over and or 8, 9, 10 years old and they've got phones. I just think it's like that's, it can only harm them. You understand as a parent, you're giving them something at this age, they cannot use it appropriately or correctly. They, they don't have the tools for it. They're not old enough. It can only, it cannot help them in their life. It can only harm them. It can only do damage to them. I think We're gonna look at it 20, 30 years ago. 20, 30 years from now. The same way we look at people smoking. I think we're gonna think what we're doing, what we're doing, giving kids those goddamn phones. What, what did we do? Like what, what we don't even know what the kids of today who are on the internet who are subject to the same sort of horrific images that you and I are talking about are like, what is that doing to people long term?


Like I never got exposed to anything like that when I was seven. Like how many kids are getting exposed to murder videos when they're 10 years old? Yeah, probably quite a few Pornography. Yeah. Oh, that's the craziest one. Right? Because That was a hard thing to get. It was difficult When I was a boy, we'd find magazines in the woods. You know, you knew a guy who had a VHS tape. Oh my god. It was crazy. Yeah. No one can find it now. Kids have it on their phones and it's instantaneous. You have 5G on your phone, you can go to any porn site anytime you want. Yeah. I mean the, the average age of first exposure to pornography now is like, I think it's around 10 years old. I mean, it depends on I guess what study you look at, but it's, it's young. Yeah. And it, and it's not just 'cause Yeah, people sometimes will dismiss the harms of it, but, 'cause they'll say, they'll say, Oh yeah, my, I found a playboy under my dad's mattress or whatever.


Not The same, but it's not at all the same. I mean the, the, the kind of thing you're being exposed to, how often you're being exposed to it, how ubiquitous it is now, how readily available it is. It's not at all the same. And well, You know, we had the guys on from that chimp crazy show, You know that new show on HBO where the, the people have pet chimps? No. Crazy. It's the same guys who did Tiger King. Oh. And it's amazing. It's on Max what used to be HBO and one of the things they said is the chimps get addicted to pornography. Really? Yeah. They get addicted to pornography and they watch it all the time. Like these certain chimps that get older, they give them iPads, they give them phones and they show them, You know, they get on the internet and if someone shows them pornography, they get addicted to pornography.


That's Crazy. That's crazy. And they start sexualizing human beings. Well, that kind of goes to show there's something primal about even just the, well, obviously with pornography, but the, the phone, the the, even like my kid, my, our 2-year-old twins, they don't have phones obviously, but they're just something about the phone itself. Even if it's off, they just like to It's Cool. Object. Yeah. Yeah. And, and our kids, we will, You know, they don't have tablets and all that stuff, but if we go on a long car trip, it's the one time we make an exception if we're going like a 20 hour car trip, just so we don't, just for our own sanity, we'll let 'em have tablets in the, in the car. Yeah. Just with games and books and stuff. But then we get wherever where we're going. Take the, we take the tablets away.


You don't get 'em anymore. But there's, there's like a detox period of like two or three days where they, they're jonesing for it. They're constantly, they can't, they're constantly asking for it. Then once you get past that, they're fine again. But there's a real, it's like there's something, it, it creates this compulsion and kids take to it really quickly and it just becomes a, it's like a, it becomes another limb for them. Part of their, part of them somehow really quickly. Yeah, it's weird. And the addictions to phones, which we all have. Then the addictions to social media, which a lot of people have. And then you get these weird insulated groups that live in echo chambers. And that's, I think, like one of the things you highlight the most about this show, this anti-racist film that you made, is like the struggle sessions where these people all get like the, the first scene where you, before they know who you are when you're, you're going and it's sitting there and, and talking to these people about these things.


Like who are You? Like where do you live? How do you think like this, like what is going on in your life that you've, you've been exposed to this version of the world that seems so ridiculous to someone who's not in that bubble. So ridiculous that it seems fake. It seems like you're doing like a borot thing. Yeah. And it's, yeah, we've gotten that with the, the movie people ask is it, is all, all the, is that all real or did we stay, it's all totally real. We didn't script any of it. And that in particular is a, yeah, it's like a support group for white people who are struggling with their white grief because they, they have privilege and they're grieving their whiteness and their privilege. And there's this woman, BHE Wade I think is the name it a black woman.


She'll do these sessions with white people where she'll kinda like talk them through their whiteness and people, yeah, people pay money to go and sit around and, and talk to her. And That was another one. That was like a, an hour and a half, two hours in the room in real time. When did they start figuring out who you were At, at some point, mid midway through. They started, well, they started looking at me strange. 'cause I was intentionally making it really awkward just 'cause it was funny. But then I, as you can see in the movie, I got, I get, I get emotional 'cause I'm on my own journey of self discovery. And I had to leave. 'cause there's the one, one rule that all these people have, we ran into this multiple times, is if you're white, you're not allowed to cry in front of black people.


'cause that's white tears. And you can't shed white tears around black people. 'cause white tears are manipulative. So in this place, they, she had a, a cry room. She said, if you get emotional, you have to cry. Go. We have a room. Get away from us and go cry over there. So I, at one point I left to the cry room 'cause I was, I was getting emotional, You know, it's a very emotional experience to confront my whiteness. And I guess while I was gone, they, yeah, they, they started talking to each other and like, who is this guy? They looked it up and they were Googling and, and then I came back. The whole thing had changed. The tone had changed. They kicked me out. The, it's A great scene. They called the cops. Well when the guy is saying it was trying to hold your hand, trying to grab you, and you're like, I did not consent to be touched.


And he's like, I'm not gonna touch you. I'm just gonna answer your questions. Come, come. I'll answer your que He's going answer your questions. Like what kind of answers are you gonna give me buddy? That guy too, I can say, or, well, I don't, one of the people in that group was a, a professional cuddler. Actually we didn't, it's not in the movie, but we just know that about them. They, they Get paid to cuddle with people. Yeah. One of the people in the group, geez, a profe a a cuddles is what they call it. So these are, but that's like, I Think they're fringe people. We thought about somehow we could put up a lower third on the screen to like, but it would seem fake. It's like Right. People don't really professional cuddler come on. But this, this Is too crazy.


These People exist out there. This is a world that they live in. Yeah. And they go to events like this and they're, they're very, they feel they have a lot of guilt for the fact that they're white. You know, they were people crying in the circle. I mean they were getting really emotional talking about it. There's the part where they, she says, think about being white and like what emotions come up when you think about being white. And then everyone goes around and they, they're like, oh, I just, I have revulsion. I just feel, I cringe. I feel cringe. Really? This is who you, this is you, you're talking about yourself. Ugh. It's just, it's sick. It's a sickness.


Yeah. Well it was very funny at the end too. We try to get people out, spoiler alert. Try to get people to self flagellate. Yeah, well There's, and just a few people were like, that's it, I'm out. Like, slowly you lo you lost like a bunch of people over the, the course of it. I didn't think, I mean we, we had that planned as our last exercise when we bring the whips out and we debated like, is anyone really gonna take a whip? I didn't think anybody would. I thought that this would be the I, 'cause we needed an end for the scene and so I thought I'd bring the whips out and everybody would leave. And so then that would be the end. And then that would be, that's our 'cause You know, it's a narrative we're trying to tell story.


So that would be the thing that shows me I've gone too far. But then they started taking the whips and I'm like, I don't think I can actually have you beat yourself right now for like liability. I don't know if I can do that. So I was not expecting that. Well You lost a lot of people when you asked who's the most racist person in the room. Yeah. There was really the right before that. I mean, You know, spoilers I guess. But when, when I'm berating my, my racist uncle and well I don dunno. You, you gotta watch it, but you gotta Watch it. Yeah. That, that, That was for me the, the most shock making the movie, the most shocking thing to me that happened that really took me back was in that moment and the way they responded to it, which I was not expecting.


And it it's kind of dark. Yeah. They got aggressive with him. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great movie man. And it's, it's just like, what is a woman in sort of the same vein of just, it almost feels like satire but you realize it's not, it's just ridiculous. But you do a great job. You do a really good job of staying calm and dead panning. 'cause I don't, I don't have that skill. I would not be able to hold it together. I would have to start laughing. I would, at some point in time I would crack. It's just, I wouldn't be able to not enjoy it in the moment to the point where I, well, You know, that's the thing. You don't enjoy it in the moment because in the, it's actually, it's really unpleasant in the moment.


Right? You're in this environment with these Insane people. Yeah. It's like, it's exhausting, You know, listening to this. How did you develop that skill to do that though? Because That's a skill. Yeah. I don know if I, I it's, I, I can't say I did anything to develop it. It's more just, I just know what, You know, we're making a movie, so I'm, I'm aware of that the whole time. Obviously if we weren't, the cameras weren't rolling, I wouldn't be reacting the same way. So just kind of keeping that in back of my mind, like this is what we need for this scene. And also, but the main thing is we want to, with both movies, the whole point is to, to create an environment where the other person feels comfortable saying what they actually think and what they really believe and doing what they would really do.


And that means not react. 'cause if you laugh at them, they clam up. You know, if you argue with them, if you show any real skepticism, they clam up. They're not gonna tell you what they really believe. And then it's a, it's a, it's a boring movie 'cause they're, all you're getting is the, are the talking points. And that's especially the case we found in this. You know, That was the case of with what is woman we're talking to the trans activists. But in this, when you're talking to the race hustlers, they've been doing it for a lot longer. The race hustle's been around a lot longer than the trans hustle. And they're pretty good at what they do. And they, they're, they're usually pretty sensitive to detecting when someone's being skeptical.


And if they get that then they, they're, they kind of go into a different mode and they go into this kind of HR DEI mode where it, everything's very sanitized, very surface level. They're not gonna, they're not gonna tell you this stuff about how, You know, all white people are inherently racist and all they're not gonna do, they're not gonna get into the really brutal, terrible racist stuff. So we just thought making this movie, how can we just create an environment where they'll, where they'll really Be themselves, Be themselves The Kookiest version. Yeah. Which with what is woman. All that required was just kind of being a blank slate and asking questions. With this one, it required more of a affirmatively agreeing with them and demonstrating that I'm fully on board with this.


There's a a a like a feel that you have when you go into the, like, like if I was there and I didn't know you, I'd be like, I think this guy's fucking around. There's just an edge. Just a touch of it. Just a touch of it. That makes it even funnier. 'cause you're hanging in there and you're being dead planned. But there's some, some moments where like, one of my favorite moments was you asked Robin D'Angelo what mansplaining was and then when she gave you a definition and you mansplained her, you corrected her and she didn't even pick up with what you just did. Yeah. I was proud of that. It's very subtle. It's very subtle. I was stretching when I was watching that.


Just laughing really loud. 'cause it was like you just did. Oh my God. She Did. But the thing is she did kind of, and I think, I think you can see it on camera in the room. I could tell she was kind of like, What did you just do? Yeah. She was trying to figure out in her head. I think she was trying to sort through it. Like, is he, is this, But I, I think she just couldn't, she couldn't, the possibility that she was in the room with someone who doesn't already agree with her about everything, it's like unthinkable to her. She couldn't, she couldn't fathom it. She probably, That was probably the first time in like 20 years that she'd been in a room with someone who doesn't agree with her on everything.


Has She responded to the movie at all? No, she took down her Twitter page. So most of the pe most of the people in the movie have taken down their Twitter pages, deleted them. So they're kind of, They're They're, they're going into a bubble somewhere. I, I mean the truth is there's not a lot they can say because listen, if we, if we deceptively edited it, if we pulled any trick like that, they'd happily come out and say that. Right. But they know that we didn't, everything that's in there is what they said. We didn't change anything. It's all real. And, and they know that. So what can they say? And especially in Robin D'Angelo's case, You know, she, it, it, You know, it, it goes in a direction.


She, she's willing to do some things that are quite embarrassing for her. And, but You know, we didn't, we didn't put a, we didn't put a gun to her. We didn't force her. Right, Right. So what can she say? Well, listen man, congratulations. It's really funny. It's great. Thank you. And, and I think it's, it's a great way to expose how ridiculous some of this shit is. You could expose it by being angry and yelling and arguing with people on Twitter, but to do it the way you did it and just make it a hilarious hour and a half movie is really good. So kudos. Thank you man. Appreciate it. Congratulations. Alright. Tell everybody where they can see it. It's on daily wire.com Actually. In theaters. Oh, it's in theaters. Sent theaters, right. Oh, nice. Yeah.


Nice. You get tickets@msracist.com. Nice. So we're nice. We're, We're trying to get it out to make it available to whoever wants to See it. It's very funny folks. Alright, thank you Matt. Appreciate it. Thank you. Bye everybody.