
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Alright Bro, boys, Good to see you. What's happening? What, what's Up Joe? You have a little adventure coming over here. We did. Got just off sweating little One. This driver dropped off at the wrong spot. This one might be on me about, about Dropped this off at the completely right spot in his mind and The, the amount that I cursed him because we thought it was the wrong spot. I mean, we Spent, it's on me. That's on me because I should have got you guys the car service. We have the car service, it takes guys all, But I figured you guys were already here. You had Transportation. That was funny. Was when We were at about, I don't know, three quarters into our three quarter mile walk here.


You sent somebody over to come get us and he pulled up in a car and he goes, he goes, you guys for Joe, right? And he said, yeah. And he goes, follow me. And then just drove away in the car. No way. He didn't let away. You know what? You were too sweaty. Yeah, that's what It was. Move his, had his shirt off still you could see him blistering. See You like, fuck my eyes. We were going, my hair producters in my eyes Like, Hey, are you guys here for, for Joe Rogan? He told me to bring you this heat lamp. You can carry that with you. The sonet is ready when you get Pocket warmers. Guys, you guys carry these kettlebells over to the studio Where I was in Utah where it was like 50 degrees. And then I came right here to l to Austin. It was like 98 when I got outta the car. I was like, yo, I forgot. Yeah, I forgot about This some. It doesn't end in Texas. It lasts a long time, but it does get winter here eventually.


It's hilarious. They shut it down when the, the Austin people don't know what the fuck to do when it snows out. There's no infrastructure at all. I got stuck in Houston for maybe four or five days because they had, I mean, I wanna say a light flurry and there's A little bit of ice, but Texas doesn't have like, You know, like trucks, no plows, No salt Trucks, plows no salt. When we had the big freeze the first year I moved here, they did nothing. Yeah, they did nothing. They just let it thaw. You Know, I, I went, I was the la I was the one flight That was able to get at one time to go to Dallas for a gig and they had Like, it was three inches of snow, but the whole place shuts down. And the thank God, 'cause the car that picked me up to drive me to the hotel that night. If There was other cars in the road, dude, it would've been ping ponging dude.


He was just, every time he stopped the car it would like turn sideways complete slowly. But he was just calm because There was nobody else in the road. So it didn't really matter. Telling The sketchiest feeling is not when you're in like Edmonton or some shit and they have to spray that stuff on the wings. Oh yeah. Deicer in the wings. Oh yeah. And You like, yo, like there's a real, 'cause it's kind of a misty freezing rain thing going on. You're like, there's a real possibility like, You know, fucking one in 1,001 in a hundred thousand chance that those fucking things aren't gonna go up. 'cause they're frozen stuck. So they have to spray it. And what would happen if those things didn't go up? You're Fucked. Is that it? There's no control of the plane. I just don't, I don't wanna know anything.


I'm like, they gotta back up For that. That's one thing I always do. I remember talking to, I think it was Ben Bailey years ago, and I was like, You know, it's so funny. The more I fly, the more I'm afraid of flying. Somehow I go. But I have to just assume planes are designed that like, if all fails, like they're designed to kind of be able to be able to be glided to safety. You should just look into That was if you lose all the engines, he goes No. If you lose all the engines, it knows dives directly to the ground. Well that why It was, it was such a big deal. The miracle in the Hudson, it was a miracle that the guy was able to land the plane when the engines went out. Right. And that's because that guy was like a real serious pilot. Yeah. That guy really knew how to fucking fly a plane. I love the argument. He's, he's not A hero. I love the argument that he's not, that always makes me laugh. They're like, he did his job. He goes, sure. Well he, But I mean A survival on his own trans woman.


If he was, if he was a trans woman from a third world country, he'd be the greatest hero of all time. I remember when it landed, I was rooting for him to be drunk. Like, I just wanted him to come out and I fucking did it On Coke. I also wish There was like a, like a, a drag queen that would do something heroic. So everyone's gotta like, praise the things of like, You know, like cunt lips, thunder, tits. They always get stupid names. How weird is it that, that it's an argument whether or not drag queen should be reading books to kids. It's What's the upside of that? Yeah. Like why, whose idea was this? Yeah. Can we talk to the first person who came up with this idea?


Like what goes, What is, You know, kids lacking these days? The most aggressive gaze yelling at them, But It's sit and listen to the story. Honey, At the very least, I've met some very nice drag queens, but at the very least it's an odd choice. That might be one that someone's outta their fucking mind chooses. It's a possibility, right? Oh, it's not zero. Absolutely. Well, I went to warn It's also like, it's like a, it's almost like a, we, we actually did a sketch, we did a, a thing called Legion of Sketch where we performed dirty comedy to kids in a library. And That was the whole point is that We were like, You know, You know, it's, it's an adult job. You know what I'm saying? It's not meant for little kids. So somebody wearing makeup and even though it's not inherently sexual what they're doing in that moment, it's like what their, their whole thing is meant for a nightclub for Adults.


Well that's what the people who defend it, they always go, I don't know. Have you ever been to one? Like it's just a guy in a dress reading a story. It doesn't have to be weird, but then you're like, You know what would be even less weird? Is a guy not in address reading a story or just a teacher or just, yeah, just like whoever the person happens to Be. So I guess the argument for it would be this is what makes these people happy. We should normalize the fact that they want to dress up like very flamboyant women. We should normalize. That's the, the, the, if You Like, you shouldn't have porn stars reading books. Kids either. Yeah. For what? But, but we wanted to take the other side's position. Like what would you say? You would say, Hey, this is fine to do that. It's fine to do that.


This episode is brought to you by the farmer's dog. We all want to do the best for our dogs, but there's a lot of mixed messaging out there. Take kibble for example. You don't have to do too much digging to learn that kibble is actually ultra processed. That aside their vague serving suggestions make it very difficult for your dog to sustain a healthy weight. Now there's a better option. The farmer's dog is healthy food made with real meat and vegetables by people who care about what goes into your dog's. Body board certified nutritionist develop their recipes to be complete and balanced, making their food to the same safety standards as human food. It's lightly cooked to retain vital nutrients and then pre-portioned to suit your dog's needs. All this helps your dog reach and maintain their ideal weight. One of the biggest predictors of a longer, healthier life, try the Farmer's dog today. You can get 50% off your first box of healthy freshly made food at the farmer's dog.com/rogan. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/rogan. This offer is for new customers only.


It's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in on all the hoops. Football and hockey action at DraftKings Sportsbook. In the season of giving, we're being gifted college football and basketball, pro football and basketball and pro hockey too. Almost 24 7 money lines parlays, props, live bets and so much more. The betting options feel endless on DraftKings. Best of all, it's safe, secure, and reliable with 24 7 support. And here's a gift for all new customers. Bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Download the DraftKings sports book app and use Code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bed wins when you bet just five bucks. Happy holidays from draftings, the crown is yours. If you or someone You know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. Bet must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


But it's still a biological man who's dressed up like a woman who's reading things to kids. It's still, it's like the odds of this being a hundred percent like really rational, fascinating person. Well, it's gonna read books you get or someone who's outta their fucking mind. There's, it's not like a 0% thing. It's like something you should be kind of concerned about. If it was A stripper reading books to a kid Or ex convict Yeah, you would just go like, yeah, it's just not Like it. The the whole thing that's interesting about it is you take this fish outta water and I just don't think you should be experimenting with kids. How about guys on parole for violent crimes? How about have them read the kids about they give, they give them puppies. Now you guys, how corrupt, corrupt politicians have them read to kids about that.


Would I, that I object to the most? How about CEOs have been arrested for embezzlement? How about them reading the kids? How about all kinds of like people, kids laughing all Guy can't Read to them. Maybe cool, but maybe super fucking sketchy people reading stories to kids. You know, there's a lot we could go with. A lot of 'em. It's reading time with Day Sean, right? I don't know dude, I, Mary people convicted of violent assault but they, they wouldn't do it again. It was a bad move. Have to read to kids. I was, I was on one of those apps to hire a babysitter recently and it's, it's a very weird that I'd never done it before. And it's almost like, it's almost like a dating app. Like you're like swiping left and right, but it's on for babysitters, your kids. And I will say, and I'm on the Legion of Skanks, I'm a comedian.


I hang out in a pretty seedy world. But it is amazing how judgemental you get when you're just judging a person off their face over whether they're gonna watch your kids. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's like nose ring. Never freak. You'll never Be more racist. Tattoos on the face is a no go. It's not like being an MMA fighter. Yeah. It's like you might be cool, you might be a cool person, But Sugar Sean O'Malley could pull it off post. Malone could pull it off, but not the fucking babysitter. I'm considering getting a tattoo on my chase at Gang Fest. Like how about if There was That's a good idea. The one we said. How about if There was guys with tattoos on their faces that wanted to reach stories to kids. Would that be cool? Who would be cool with that? Guys weird with tattoo. If it was Post Malone you'd be like, of course he's so cool.


Let him read the stories to kids. That'd be really fun. They'd probably Joke, but would you be weirded out if your kids had like a face tattoo teacher at all? Yeah, I'd be weirded out. I would not. I would not like that. Listen, Like jelly rolls is the coolest motherfucker alive. Sure. He's got face tattoos. There's a lot of people that do 'em and wish they didn't do 'em or do 'em and are happy with them and like 'em, it's cool. No, I'm not saying you Shouldn't, but the possibility of you being outta your fucking mind is in there. No, no, absolutely. But I also, I just mean the idea that like, I'm not, like even I said post, I don't think a teacher with face tattoos might be the best teacher like in the world. I just think it's like as a parent you'd walk in and be like, this motherfucker's deal. It's possible that they could be though. They might be.


They might be best teacher in history in Spite of it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They have to go so far above and beyond. Right? Right. If someone with a face tattoo is an excellent teacher, then let them teach inmates. But stay away from my children. I don't have time for this. Isn't it funny? We have no problem with sleeves. Like if my kids teach at a sleeve, they're like, oh, the teacher's Cool. But I think 30 years ago they probably did. If you showed up as a teacher 30 years ago, people are like, What the Fuck is this guy doing? Okay. Oh yeah, biker Bob Gets outta my classroom's. Cool. If you see someone with like a button down shirt and like this part of the arm you see is completely done, you're like, all right. Yeah. Quite cool guy. But still, I think there's probably, there's probably Conservative America would still feel like a little weird about somebody with a sleeve teaching their little girl in kindergarten As, as a representative of Conservative America here.


I will say I was at my daughter's tee-ball game and There was one of the moms pregnant and one of her kids is in the T-ball game and she's in shorts and just has two leg sleeve tattoos. Now I, no judgment, it was fine. But There was something where I was like, it's just a little odd, let's go champ. That's all generation. I'm judging the let's Go Champ. Champ. I'm judging the town for letting a girl play T-ball. Yeah. It's crazy. Ah, It is. It's Dangerous. I'm judging you for coming out as conservative. I now, I now Joe, this is my new grift. I am now Mr. Conservative, we gotta get truffle Elected. You've given up on this libertarian stuff. There's no money in it. I figured out There's definitely no money in it, but that's why they let it exist.


Just 'cause there's no Way, You know, if There was another legitimate party That was actually challenging to the Democrats and the Republicans, they would attack it. They don't say a peep about the Libertarians. Those are in their eyes. The libertarians are just vote stealers from the Republicans. Yeah, they were mad when Trump came this year. But aside from that, they don't really, they don't see us as a threat. Yeah, it's, they don't, no political party gets mad at the Libertarians. They fucking Furious The Republicans. The Republicans are furious at the Democrats. Nobody gives a fuck what the libertarians say, including Me. Dave, Dave, Dave speaking at the thing was the funniest one. He goes, Donald Trump's gonna come up here and we're gonna show him that we know how to act and behave and because we are the right party. And he up there right away, Hey, fuck you, you fucking pu outta Here.


Well I knew I literally, you Were a Rapist. I got off stage and I passed by Angela McCardle, who's the chair of the libertarian party. And I walked right by her and I went 0% chance they listened and just went back and go, now let's go watch the shit show. 'cause this is gonna be Ridiculous. So how, how much of a shit show was it? That Was awful. I mean, just the Worst. I only watched like A little bit of It. So I went, I, they kicked me outta backstage 'cause it's like a secret service like checkpoint thing or whatever. 'cause they're real on top of that. Not so big on people with rifles on buildings. But they got me outta there. And so I go out and I come back around in the main room and I'm just, I walk into the middle of just all the people. Like, and so, and one of 'em at one point Trump goes, he goes, I fired Comey.


And one of the libertarians goes, 'cause he was 'cause he was on to you. And I just turned to him and I went, I went, that's not even the right heckle. And then the guy goes, oh, what's the right heckle? I was like, I can't, I can't give it to you right now. Well the Comey, There Was a wild scene. The Comey thing was w what were they, they were alleging, first of all, that the Clinton campaign was spying on the Trump campaign, right? Yeah, it was, it was after that. They, he was trying to blackmail him and fucking Trump caught onto that. Really? So he fired him? Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Are you, How do You know? So, okay, so if you, oh, here we go guys, here we, We go.


So you, You know how like, well, You know, You know, we yelled at Kurt about this yesterday, but he came in and he goes, P Diddy definitely fucked everybody and, and did this and raped everyone. And then we're like, well how do You know? He's like, I read mean anything, anything. You're always reading somebody else's number. So what Is, but that's what you can do in comedy is that is enough to checkmate. Most comedians goes, I read not wrong. He does read. All right. Yeah. Well it's also, it's just a funny thing to say Because you could also be like admitting the ridiculousness of it yourself while saying I read, You know, because it's kind of an admission. Like I'm not there. I didn't go to the Freak off, But I know what the fuck happened because I went to one of these parties and man p did, he was like, if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go fuck Meek Mill in the butt.


But like, that's never gonna happen. No one comes out and says that. So if you are like, if you're looking at that, what, like, what makes you conclude that he definitely was doing that? Because he basically, the first time they ever met, he presented him with the, the Steele dossier, which had all of the like dirt. That's The peepee stuff, right? Yeah. All the peepee shit in it. Or I shouldn't say shit. There was no shit alleged. Just piss Russian piss. Yes. Alleged Russian piss. Yes. That's the aspect. Is that what co is that what collusion means? Something like that. And then and Just play so dirty. They play dirty like a movie.


It's, it's pretty crazy. Yeah. It's, it's really wild. I don't know. I mean, did you see That's, That was the number one fear of having these big agencies have so much power that they would never wanna relinquish it. They would never wanna say like, Hey look, we're patriots. I think we should fall by the rule of the constitution and let the people decide like that. It's like everything else, man. Once you start running shit, you don't wanna stop. Well I've seen friends of mine have way less power go to their head. It's weird, right? I wouldn't trust these two with power. But It is a weird thing to watch, right? Yes. It's bizarre. Yeah. That's, that's that's human beings though man. Now imagine that, but with no showbiz. No showbiz. So you get in that rush.


But now the rush is controlling the world. Well isn't that? Yeah. It's like the way we feel about like crushing on stage is the way Hillary Clinton feels about crushing Libya. But he is just like, That was, we came, we saw he died. Wasn't El Ron? I fucking crushed. Wasn't that El Ron Hubbard though? El Ron Hubbard was like, Hey this will be funny. I'll start this and, and go into this start religion. And then like years later, he said when his f friends, he told that to hit him up. Like, this is crazy dude, you did it. He is like, You know, You like you, you ran that scam. And he was like, scam, you better get your feet and levels checked if you're gonna say it. Like he just started eating his own shit. 'cause like Well he was, do You know that he's the most prolific writer in human history? Sci-fi was Yeah. More fiction Yeah.


Than any other human being ever. More than Stephen King. More than Anybody. And one Bible dude More than anybody and not a second draft amongst them. Everything he wrote Was Nonsense. Everything he wrote was hot nonsense. If you read it, it's like these Are the dumbest stories. Well, do you remember the Dianetics commercials? Do you remember the commercials with the Yeah. The volcano. Like the lava was going off. Yeah. And it just gave You like, like the most generalized things anyone feels. He goes, are you sometimes tired and sometimes awake? Was this, You did it before, right Lewis? When they had the test, sometimes Times people Because you just, it was just kind of cool. I was like a dumb kid. So We were like, Hey, do you want us to test your stress levels? It was like, boy do I.


And I went over and I held these dumb things and they're like, yep. The words that go like that. Yeah. They're like, you're stressed. And I was like, I am right. They're like, come on inside. They brought me into this weird thing and they tried to sell me a book. I don't really Remember. I did that too. And I did that in San Diego. I was down there filming something and We were in the park and it was like at a time where I could, a lot of people didn't know who I am and I could sneak in and I sat down at this guy's table and he gave me the e-meter and I put my hands in the things and he told me what ha what it was reading. I'm like, how does this thing function? Like what is it, what is it reading off my body? And the dude was like, oh, I don't wanna explain it. He didn't wanna really be there. He's just a member who got roped into doing this thing. He had zero enthusiasm about the Sale. Oh yeah. They like the, they have the street team job for, it's the lowest level. It's the lowest level job you could have for is having to go out and bark people into your church.


Have you guys read Lawrence Wright's book about it? I don I don't think so. It's called Going Clear. Oh, I saw the, The documentary, the HBO thing. Yeah, it's the book is the documentary basically tells you all you need to hear. But it's, thank God It's So true. It's such a strange religion. But here's the thing about it, man. This is what's weird about religions. It's, this is my, You know, I'm a moron, But I, I occasionally have these moments where I'm like, I think I know what the fuck is going on. If you really believe it, it benefits your life. Even if it's hot nonsense. Even If it's a 14-year-old kid who finds golden tablets that contain the lost work of Jesus and only he can read it.


'cause he has a magic rock. Yeah. But if you get enough of those people, they make great neighbors Like it fucking works man. They just want their kids to go to School. Is it better? But here's my question, is it better to be an atheist and to be this person who just like objectively looks at this at the world and like, none of this makes sense. There's no way there could be a God. I think when you die, you die. And that guy's fucking miserable. It's, it's that guy's taking medication and all of his friends think he's annoying. Not, I think I'm be dev vout atheist. And you're right about all that. I do you believe like in a higher power? No, no. I I I don't not believe, I believe that That's what my girlfriend says when I Ask her. I, I believe there's more to the universe and more to life than we can think of through our narrow field of perception.


That's what I think. I think there's more to human contact and interaction than just people talking to each other. I think there's a thinly veiled reality that we live in where we express our souls to each other. That's what I think. And I think it's a very complicated and confusing thing that's fucked up by lies and deception and violence and war. Well so many of them I Think. And it's enhanced by friendship and love and communication. And it's weird. There's a thing going on that's beyond just like you're born and you die. And if that thing keeps going when the physical body stops existing, I wouldn't be surprised. I think religion is always the funniest to dial back to though.


'cause all the organized stuff and you were doing the Joe Smith story finds the tablets or the plates right, right, right. And everything. Could that be more of a religion That was like, like a, a pitched by a dude do a bunch of dudes. This guy turns out a kid. We could have a whole bunch of, a whole bunch of chicks and they always have to live next to each other and you Yeah. Fuck one this guy. It wasn the Other guy. It wasn't like they were, they were Like, it was like racist up until like 30 years ago. They were like black people were like the seed of the devil or whatever and then they changed it. They're like, no, no, no, they're cool now. Can't be racist when your women are bearded. You ever see sister wives? It's not like you're stoked to have three of them. Yeah, But dude two two fours is an eight. So When You know the guy who wrote it, that's when shit gets sketchy.


Yeah. There is something about like when it's from thousands of years ago. Yeah. It's easy to go like look, There was a burning bush and God spoke to this guy And you're like, when like 5,000 years ago you're like alright, fine. But when you're just like three Wednesdays ago it happened, you're like, Oh yeah, I'm not buying That. There's enough stories that are similar about the ancient stories of like apocalypses, like the stuff about like the epic of Gilgamesh is real similar to knowing the arc. There's enough of those stories. Yeah. Like Jesus was like they keep on just eScribing him from like thousands of years before Jesus was around that story of him being the son of God and all that. The virgin Mother, He's black woman now. Yep. Jesus is trans. Could Been black woman.


He could have been an alien. Jesus. Yeah, Sure. That's the the most Joe Rogan sentence. I've never heard this. It Could have been Jesus could have been an alien if There was Get that me, There was someone who came here and didn't make any sense that he was born and he just existed but knew everything and was the son of God and was trying to straighten everybody out. And then they kill him. He was like, all right. We tried it lit. Literally could be an alien. I mean if you're thinking about what, how long ago this is, this is thousands of years of people telling a story. Right? I mean how long after Jesus is dead before they even write the the new stuff. Well why does no one consider that that long ago people were Like hundreds of years after his death. Right. At least a hundred years after his death. Well It's, but You know what I'm saying, like also years ago, like no one considers the idea of works of fiction, right?


Like everything then was just written from the thing versus someone making entertainment. But it's Also, there's a combination of that and then real events they're trying to document. So both things are true. 'cause they had a lot of shit going on back then. Like they didn't have to write fiction. They were getting killed by swords. People getting lit on fire and shot with arrows. Like there's not a time to be making shit up. Yeah. It's like what happened to your brother? And it's like, I don't know, A beast got ahold of him. Andp pieces. Yeah. You don't wanna have, It can't be all Colosseum. Once in a while you got wind back and there's no video Video games. You're not gonna listen. That's life then. Then though. You're not gonna write Harry Potter when you're getting slayed by the Romans, But you're fighting a lot. He goes, I got a good idea. You like, I Don Dunno a magical school.


The Dude could walk on water, he walked on fucking water And then he put a guy's ear back on Water into wine. Come on. Who's not happy with that idea? A lot of those miracles. I'm, I am studying magic right now for my magic show. It's gang fest and I'm reading a book about magic. But a lot of those miracles that they talk about, they, it's theorized that they were just like magicians that were like doing tricks for people. And they would would get like, By the way, Jesus Christ would be a great name for a magician if There was no Jesus Christ. It's got a Chris Angel ring to it. Oh it's a great name. Oh Yeah. Jesus Christ would Be amazing. Come see Jesus Christ live at the Rio. Yeah. Because it's got like A little bit of a Latin flare. 'cause You know, you could say it like Jesus, Mexicans are the only people that I know of.


Or I guess Spanish people as well. Where the name Jesus. It's literally Jesus. You could name your kid Jesus. Like how many Muslim kids are named Muhammad? A lot. It was like the number one name for boys in Ireland like a couple of years ago. Muhammad. But Yeah, Muhammad, it freaked people out. They're like, what? But, but you can't name your son, your American son Jesus. It's gonna raise a few eyebrows if you bring baby Jesus to the daycare. But isn't that crazy? You, I know you legally can't name your child Jesus Christ. Oh is that true? But that's Legally, yeah. I swear to God that's A real thing. The pendulum's gonna swing back to like There was a time naming kids Jesus. No, but naming No, but naming kids.


Like when There was no actual like lines drawn on naming years and years ago as far as like race goes. So my grandmother's boyfriend when she died, still name was Jerome. Look at this. There's old Tyrone like white Tyrone's. Wait dude, that that just stopped one day and those became black names. These are all Wild. These are all names that are ruled illegal by courts within the us. Yep. So Bobby Green just got his name changed to King. He got his name legally changed to King Green. Yeah, He's gonna have to take this to the Supreme Court. Maybe not because it said go back to that please. No, I'm sorry here. But the, the States. But before that it was like showing how many states does it say that?


Why Can't it be 10 69? So it's not the So it was just the way it was phrased in the earlier thing that you had. Okay, here it is. There's a handful of names that were ruled illegal by courts within the US within. So that could be local Courts. So in some areas it's illegal to have these names. Not all areas. But hell imagine you can't even call your kid Santa Claus. How about Majesty? Imagine You can't call your kid Adolf Hitler. I'm gonna name my kid Roman numeral two. You could only call your kid Majesty if you are an r and b singer. Oh those are those. Those are the best. There's so many rapper kids. There's so many rapper kids. Like kids you ever name like Prince. Yeah those Things. That's fine but fine. Just that spelling though. Could I name my kid Messiah with like an apostrophe in the middle?


Right? I bet you could. Yeah I bet you'd change the spelling. There you go. And Messiah needs, Go back to that. Lemme see the list. What is the third? You can't be the third just Roman Nu three. You can't, you can't be the Roman numeral three. That can't be your name. Is that come up a lot? Or they had to make it illegal? Yeah, imagine all the shit that's Legal Boston, his kid out there, his third album. They'll Let you in the border, but whatever you do, don't use that numbers three thing. That Roman three that's fucked up. Dude, you can't call your baby Roman number three. But like two and four are. Okay. Okay. In 19 North Dakota man named Michael Herbert Dangler who was adopted wanted to change his name to these four numbers which held philosophical and personal significance for him.


State court rejected his name change request in 1976. They're like saying ISN can't be used, can't be names due to potential confusion. But isn't like a, isn't Elon Musk kid's name like the Sounds a OL used to make? Well he calls his son X but it's like a bunch of other letters too. Yeah, bro. Imagine if he had that guy's son, but you were a moron. That would suck. God, That Was, I mean Arnold Schwarzenegger had his a son That was a shrub and then the one he didn't know, he had looked just like him and was shredded and working out constantly. Jack. Yeah, it's hilarious. I think the other son's Jack too now. Oh Is he? He had to catch up then. 'cause he was a schlubby kid.


Sometimes he just, You know, fuck dad. I don't even wanna lift weights. Yeah, if You're, if you're on Schwartzen saying you're like, you have so much privilege. Like I would just never wanna lift weights at that point. I can never imagine like building the foundation as like a young schwartzenegger to be like, I'm just gonna work really hard now at something. Right, Because you born inside that house. Yeah. Yeah. Well Kennedy, guy Kennedy, you're Half Kennedy. Half Schwartzenegger. That's crazy. Crazy. Tom Hanks has a son that became another Tom, like Hank's person, You know, tucking in his polo shirts on a Sunday and then one went full wigger. So it's like Someone's, there's like a, a thing about the way you name your kid that someone brought up the other day. Fuck I, I wish I remember who was saying this, but there were, there's like an actual principle to it and I think it's based on Chet Hanks.


Oh yeah. It's like calling him Chet just sets him up to be and Chad. Oh it's like, yeah, you've never met. Awesome. Chaz is, except Chaz Palmer is the exception to the rule. That's not what you picture when you picture a Chaz. Well isn't Chaz Palm, is that his full name? Is that how you say it? Or is it a shortened version? It's probably Charles is, my guess would be There's certain like names that are like associated. Like I, I have an ex-girlfriend, I won't even say her name. This is how crazy she is. Like every girl I've ever met with this name is a crazy bitch. But she's so crazy that I refuse to say her name out loud. Wow. I'm Not somebody that It's Bele. Yeah dude, I want say I saw Beetlejuice last night. How was it? It's fucking great. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's fun as shit man. Enough Nostalgia. And I heard the Reviews are not good. That's probably why You like, I'm like, I heard the reviews were, I heard the crow was terrible.


I didn't hear about the reviews until after I saw it though. I didn't know anything about it. I just went in cold. It was great. That was like the female Ghostbusters. Everyone hated it so much that I watched it on a flight. I was Like, it wasn't that bad. It's kind of Fun. But Beetlejuice is better than that. Beetlejuice is really good. The female Ghostbusters was Terrible. It's fucking great man. It's like, it's like on par with the original movie. It's Tim Burton at his best. It's really good man. I fucking enjoyed the shit out of it. When I heard that people didn't Like it, I was like, really? Well I believe all the bullshit I read right away where they're like, Michael Keaton's only in it for 10 minutes. Well That was the point. No, that's not true. I know he was so they wanted to make sure that he wasn't in it anymore. 'cause in the first movie he was only in it for 13 minutes. A total, right. Yeah. So they were like, they didn't want to change that element.


So they purposely made it so he was in it for around the same amount of time. Yeah, I mean all that fucking number stalk is nonsense. It it's the movie's fun. Like you don't give a shit if he's in there when no one A rider's great. Everybody's great. It's, it's a fucking fun movie man. And it's Tim Burton like at his weird best. It's very weird rider. No one trusted Alec Ball set anymore. I met one On a rider and the streets in New York City when I was selling comedy club tickets right after she got arrested for shoplifting. Shoplifting. Yeah. That was like the most bizarre thing ever. She was like, Because You could've got her. You're like, oh my God, she has the same likes as me. Well she Was in like a, I Can't afford to buy you makeup. You crazy bitch.


But it's Just genuinely like craziness. Right. 'cause she's rich. She was a movie star at that time. She didn't need the money. She got the Itch. Dude. I think it was a thrill thing. It's, I think it's for a lot of people it's a thrill thing. What's the last thing you stole Joe? I stole a candy bar when I was 13 and I got caught. That's the last thing. Yeah, I got caught. I was ooh, so embarrassed. What? Like a security security guard. I security guard pulled me into a back room and oh, I was terrified and I didn't even know what I was doing. I was just doing it. 'cause I thought I could get away with it. You know We were fucking young kids walking around. You Know what's Yeah, that's really the thing is what you, what's the worst thing you got caught stealing? Mine was stuffing porn magazines down the front of my pants And putting my shirt over it And I mean the Guy at The farm.


Oh my God. Try reselling that now. The Guy, the guy at the drugstore, the guy at the drugstore was baiting me to do it. Like he couldn't wait. He was Baiting You like he was leaving porn out. No, no, no, no, no. The porn section was in this magazine. He was He me, he trick Tricked him. I'm just thinking he tricked him. No porn. He just a porno mag and then he's got like a fishing rod. I'm gonna catch this little, Yeah, no baiting's the wrong word for him saying he, he knew I was getting ready to like, he felt that I was waiting to, to find my moment. He could stop you before you did the crime. You gotta stop me before I did. And said, Hey you can't be in here unless you're gonna blah blah. I kind of made notice he laid back and I was kinda like, he knows. I'm like, I guess not. He's just sitting there. And then I did. And then an old man spinning you around and lifting your shirt to show the half of porn magazine sticking Up.


How old were you? Just ran like 12 maybe. I ran so fair. 12-year-old boys should not be left alone. Yeah, I still, I for their own devices, the Dangers I used to rob cars when I was 12 years old. We, me and my friends would break into cars in the ShopRite parking lot and just clear


This episode is brought to you by Den of Thieves two Pantera. You love the Action Heist Den of Thieves and now it's back with a sequel that cranks it up a notch. Gerard Butler and O'Shea Jackson Jr. Are returning to the franchise. But here's the Twist Butler's cop character, he's flipping the script and joining the heist. That's right. The cop goes gangster and I can't wait to see the chaos unfold. See Deni Thieves two Pantera only in theaters January 10th.


This episode is brought to you by visible. You know how most wireless plans feel like they're designed to confuse you with like hidden fees, weird sub charges, family plans you don't even want. Not with visible on the visible plan. It's one line of unlimited 5G data for just $25 a month flat rate, no surprises powered by Verizon's network. So You know it's solid. And here's the kicker, they're all digital. You can manage your plan in the app or online, meaning no stores, no pushy salespeople, just you and your phone. And right now Visible's got an insane deal. Use promo code Rogan by January 31st and you will get the visible plan for just $20 a month for 25 months. That's $5 off every month for over two years. So go to visible.com/rogan and check it out. It's wireless made simple terms. Apply. See their website for the details.


Throughout all the change in the the center console, All it takes is one bad kid in the neighborhood. That's fun. My, my biggest steal wasn't even like for money or anything. I was staying at my, my grandmother's friend's house. My aunt and Eden and Uncle Herb and Uncle Herb had a nice stack of like porn magazines that I found. There's a pattern. There's a pattern. No, this is funny. Well this is one I thought I'd get away with for no reason. I took a few. I just want, I Think every one of these stories is gonna end with Jay being spun around and his shirt lifted up so Herb gets in there. This Is proverbially that because I took a few of his giant stack being like, he'll never miss these. And if he does, he's not gonna think it was me.


And if he does think it's me, we are gonna have this quiet code of like, what you gonna tell my mom? I took your p. It's like somebody, you have to find out that your porn magazines now. That's exactly what he did. He didn't give a shit. He was like, I want my porn magazines back. And then went down other channels from my grandmom to my mom and I was like, ha Oh did I grab these? Oh shit. That's Hilarious. Oh dude, that's such an embarrassing to get a phone call. He goes, your Uncle Herb, once his Dupree internet porn was like gold when you're a kid. At that age were you, 'cause we had a magazine that we found in the woods and another kid stole it from us. Every kid. And it was a thing. Every kid found dirty magazines. The woods one there in the woods. Yeah, of course You just hoped that it was wet for the right reasons.


They're always damp. Yeah, yeah. Then I, I had that one at home for a little while and I used to, I used, I used to live in a shitty apartment So it had like a drop ceiling. So I used to keep it inside of my ceiling to hide it from my mom. And I would just, I had this, it was like literally covered in mud and water. Did, Did you guys see that shit That was going down in Philadelphia yesterday? Where one of those street takeovers? I saw a video that I don Dunno what It is. A Cop car drives towards it and hits his lights and thinks he's gonna get them to scatter and they just jump all over the car. I didn't see that video. I saw a couple of them. It's crazy. Yeah, Crazy. It's crazy. And what is it They're doing? Check this out. Look, so the cop, there's, they've got a street takeover so they just decided to stand in the middle of the street and block traffic. Oh, is it a protest?


No. I don't know what it, what they're doing. I think they're just getting crazy. I don't know if they're protesting anything. I think they're just a group of kids just decided to get crazy. This is a United States of America. This, this is like one of the, if you saw that this was happening in Ecuador, you'd be like Yo Ecuador's outta control. Right? But no, this is the United States of America in Philadelphia. Watch it happens to this cop car. Wait, what was the fir? Go back A little bit. What was the person who spun out with like a person hanging off the car? They're going crazy. It's a street takeover. They're doing that with their cars. That's what they're doing. So they block traffic and then they spin around in circles in their cars and they organize it. So this cop tries to break it up and they just, fuck this cop's car up dude. Hundreds of kids.


Fuck. And no one's in control of them go birds. I mean if you are in that situation and you're parked in your car in like traffic. 'cause there's like fucking, if I'm a cop, no, but if you're not a cop, if I'm a cop Right now, I'm just wanting to blast everybody for the wind party. You can't shoot enough people. There's 200, there's hundreds of people. It is so funny. You and they'll kill you. I can get 16 of them. You know, you Might be able to get three of them. The first time I seeing someone With a phone, John went through just head shots, Bro. It'd be such a wild panic knowing you only have 12 bullets. But this one, but The first one. Oh my God. Well the last one's for yourself. You can't let them have you. Oh my God. The first time you see like someone with authority in your life or something have to realize like an a can't win situation is awkward.


Do You know what I mean? Yeah. Like seeing a cop have to like kind of surrender or have to give up my step pop. When We were younger, We were driving back, my step pop was like a power lifter. Always like a big, like a tough guy to me. I always thought, and We were driving back from the Philadelphia Zoo one day through Fairmount Park and they had shut it down for what's called the Greek picnic, which is all the black fraternities like party in the, in this big giant park. And the Traffic, I love the, I love the old Greek guy that shows up for it. A Greek barbecue. Jamie put that video back up. But then my step seeing my step, these guys were coming and they were just walking all through the street. All these like black frat dudes and Like it was traffic jammed because they're in the middle of the street and sitting like on the hood of our car and stuff like that.


Oh no. And my step pop just being like, I just see him just kind of sitting there, kind of eating it and like realizing that I was like Joe, You know, it was almost like that Joe, why aren't you gonna, You know what? You're right. Like this is just unreal thing. That's one Of my biggest fears that I'm gonna be with my son and I'm gonna get chomped out by tougher men than me. It's the most horrifying thing in the world. Dude, look at this video and imagine if you're a person that just was going to see your aunt got in your car Jesus and got stuck behind this Jesus, Jesus, you had no idea you're gonna be trapped in this kind of traffic and they're just gonna block off the street for who knows how long. I just have to join them to start doing fucking donuts. Also the people, I mean Jesus Christ. That's My car on fire. The likelihood of one of these kids getting run over is very high.


It happens All the time. All the time. Does it? They get hit by cars all the time. They go flying through the air. It's like a dumb thing. They do these Stolen cars. Yeah, they're stolen cars. But these guys get so close to each other. They hit each other all the time. All the time. People go flying through the air boom. If you're a teenager it does look like it's a lot of of fun. Oh look man, if you don't have a dad and your mom's a cunt and she does meth. Yeah, I'd Be there too. It's a nice cut loose Dude being in the middle right there. I would be There too. Imagine being in the middle right there. You'd feel like a king. Yeah, I, if your dad beats you, You know, if your dad's an alcoholic who just beats the shit outta you and you only love you get is from your friends on the streets. I was telling him I'd be doing that too.


I was telling these guys yesterday I saw a a video where it's a guy, some of the people filming any, anything. Now it's a guy in Times Square who films himself going up and just talk, robbing a guy. Like on ca I just talk. He just goes, Hey man, come here. Come here. He goes, he goes, you're doing a new documentary. He called, I just got robbed. He's like, what? He goes, I'm gonna need your wallet. Don't run. Don't be weird. He's just like intimidate. And the guy and the kid, the guy's Name is Rob, He's clever. The kid's so happy that he's not getting beat up and just nervous and happy. He's not getting beat up. Like he pleasantly like gives him everything. And it's kinda like now go over there. He is like, all right man, be easy man. Be easy. And the guy's like, all right man, cool. Like he just gives him his stuff and walks away. It's Just he gives him his stuff back. No, No, no, no. He robs him.


He does. He just robs him on camera. He Rob. Yeah. It's pretty nuts. Is it Even illegal though? Are you sure? But I just go up To you. Are you sure it's real? It seems very, very real. Are you sure that he doesn't give it back to him after they stop filming? Doesn't. So it, it's not a crime and that it's just a stunt. No, I think this happens all the time. People get arrested actually for it. I mean really? You know how crazy You are. There's people who's, there's guy, There was a called their guns and saying, I'm about to go kill so and so, this Happens all the time in New York. Like this happened to a, like a former Miss New York. She was in the park and these two young, like maybe Puerto Rican kids or black kids, they, they come up and like, Hey, You know we're trying to sell candy for our basketball team. That that old scam. And then she was like, I don't have any cash. They were like, oh, you could just send us a Zelle.


And she was like, sure. And then they got her to give them their phone and then they just sent themselves $2,000 under Zelle and handed her phone back and just ran away and they just couldn't get the money back. Oh My God. Oh Jesus. Yeah. I saw, I stopped paying attention when you said they may have been black or Puerto Rican and you said selling candy for their football team or whatever. I'm Like, it definitely was black or Puerto Rican. Well, no, No, no. I know. I wasn't Sure they were black or Puerto Never had never white kid try to run the old buy some m and Msms from e scam. You gotta have laws kids or it's dangerous out there. You leave people to their own devices and you get that shit. You get people going wild in the streets. Dude, It's a, it's very scary. Thank God We all survived being that age. 'cause you're just so stupid and yet you're in the body of kind of a grownup.


Yeah. And you just have like all these, You know, just testosterone and fucking being young and not knowing like I could so easily if I lived in Philly, been handful, one of those things, Things, oh, I was full decisions away from being at one of those things when I was a kid. But does that guy, is the guy the idiot who keeps jumping over the car and lighting the fire in the middle? Does he look back like, is he 55 1 day going like, Oh yeah, I was a little. Do You think he lives 55? No, probably not. He probably dies under a donut from a fucking souped up. SUV. There's a high likelihood that young man's involved in other questionable activities. Yeah, no, maybe, but I'm saying but there's just those guys like, I don't know how you like grow up out of that. That's gonna be something that really nails it.


I Mean I, my childhood wasn't Outside of entertainment Crazy far from that. I mean it wasn't, I just wasn't with that crew. But I was doing pretty like ranted shit. I was stealing and you guys, you guys Just couldn't afford to pull that off. You would've Wasn't doing that. It wasn't a thing. It wasn't a thing back then. Like that's only been a thing for the last like how many years, Jamie? As the street takeovers? Yeah, with the internet with To make internet videos. Yeah. 15, 20. I don't know. Honestly, maybe never. When I was a kid There was none of that. No one ever blocked the street and did donuts. Yeah. Yeah. You you did donuts in the school parking lot. If you knew where the cops were, They would drag race though in Philly they would like stop block off streets and like drag race illegally until They broke them up and shit. Yeah, that's true. That's true.


That's true. That's true. Did you find Jamie the guy robbing? No, I was actually, I was, I was, I checked a couple places. 1980 to find it. Look at that. It's Instagram actually Side shows. They call 'em side shows. Yeah, I've, that's how I saw it. First it's a thing from the Bay area. So the, the first occurred from the streets of Oakland in, during the mid 1980s, back in the olden days. Yeah. Does seem like a very asiany activity. Yeah, I think them, I think them stealing the cars is probably more of a newer thing. I think back in the day they were just Like, it was like a car Show essentially. Right, right. They were showing off their cars. Yeah, They, and You know, in the seventies and eighties they'd have the, You know the ones with the hydraulics and shit. Yeah. That would happen. Oh, it comes from a, it comes from a Bay area rapper.


Richie Rich's sideshow. Damn Bancroft to the light. Let me warm it up. I hit a donut. Tight wrap sucks. I hit a donut type Chevy on my side window. Straight tinted. He got hyped when he saw me spinning. I'm, yeah. Who likes this? I do. I like a lot of it. It's fun. That The what? Rap Sun wrap is fun. I know. I love tons of rap. That's whatever That was, was terrible. Well, That, well also you didn't really sell it. Like if I was at an audition, I'd be like Big J, next time I want you to be in the moment. You, You know, you're, you're rapping about these things. You really feel this, you feel very strongly about these issues.


Try to lower Lewis into a false sense side. Shows we have to wrap battle this Friday at Oh yeah. Steak Fest. I hate it. Oh, Trying to harm a false of Hoe. Oh, I see what you're Doing. Although, I have a feeling it's gonna be better than what I did, but if we find the song sideways or whatever the, I bet that guy doesn't kill it. It's all that, because that, that has to come from the era. Well, it's the nineties I guess though, So it might not be mumble rap. Right. Some of the fucking nineties stuff still holds up, man. Oh Yeah. Most of it does. Yeah. You know what I listened to the other day? Tim Dogg. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Tim Dogg. You remember that guy? Of course. No, I don't think So. LA He was like the first guy who went against the, the, the guys from Compton. And Was he based out of la? No, he was in New York guy. See, he had a Tim New York.


Yeah. He had a song called Fuck Compton. He probably wasn't. I was pretty Ballsy at the time. It was, Well, That was the worst rap beef ending ever. What? Isn, W-A-N-W-A split up from Ice Cube. And then Dr. Dre left and then, and him and EZ went and did their own thing. And then that beef ended in, in Aids death. It's like, you don't see those ones happen anymore. Well, Those beefs, they would go to actual shooting each other. That's what's the craziest thing. Like never in the history of show business, was there a scenario where stars were having other stars murdered, like openly What's happening now more than ever. Yeah. It's easier to become like a, a like a, a quote unquote star on the internet now.


So a lot of these guys are like getting really popular and then getting killed, like young rappers. You know, the wildest conspiracy theory about that has to do with intelligence agencies Creating Oh, that the CIA made rap made 'em gangster and shit like that. That C that they funded it and promoted it because they wanted to fill prisons. It's the wildest, but like you white guy right down society. And you get kids, like young kids who are like, we're talking about dumb, stupid, real easily influenced, don't know what the fuck's going on. And you introduce 'em to rap music, it will most certainly change the way they think about life. Yeah. Especially all I'm saying. Oh yeah. I don't know enough about that whole conspiracy and stuff, but it is crazy if you're, like, if you remember the eighties and nineties, the transformation from hip hop, from being like the Ks one kind of Like it, there were like all these songs about like cleaning up their streets and listening to your dad and Like, it was like rap was just, it took this drastic turn from being like very positive, like pro black kind of thing to just all of a sudden being like, we're killing everybody and fuck bitches.


That's So funny because, 'cause I listen to a lot of hip hop, like when I work out, but it's Like, it just, I'll be listening to the most hardcore shit and I'm just like, this is nice. Let turn up the treadmill A little bit. But like, if you're in the hood, it's just inspiring you to murder people in raw Banks. My, The, my favorite workout rap is Nas because the lyrics are so good. It gets you hyped up. You know, a guy, like, that's the thing about the nineties hip hop, it was like so lyrically based, you gotta Listen to any ly, any beef raps are the best to out to just like I and I take no sides. I listen Biggie n Tupac, you just want the impression just fuck you Tupac. Wait, wait. We were pretty, Remember when Ice Cube, remember when Ice Cube put out No Vaseline bro?


Oh, you do not want to get in one of those rap battles with Ice Cube. He was so great for his time in rap. He was fucking bro. He's such a good writer. Hey, well they did the song Jacking for Beats and that's when he made the song, it's everybody else's. It keeps changing all the most popular beats and he just does rap. It's great. Didn't he do a lot of the writing for NWA? I think All the, oh, I think he was the, I think That was basically like, the thing was he wrote all the songs, The Money and the Voice That DOC guy probably wrote a bit too. You Know, I'm friends with Willie D from, You know, GTO Boys, ghetto Boys. And he wrote everything. He wrote, he wrote like most of their songs. He told me he wrote Fuck a War in 45 Minutes We were talking about on the podcast.


And he sent me a text. He goes, I wrote Fuck a War in 45 minutes. I just sat down and I was like, motherfucker a war. Have you heard that song? Yeah. Bushwick can't Remember. Bill was getting recruited. Oh bro, we gotta play it. We gotta play It. Can I tell you that my, one of my favorite lyrics that never struck out to me or stood out to me when I was younger, but always makes me laugh and my mind's playing tricks on me. Oh, is when Bushwick Bill, You know, he is a midget and then he sings a song. He goes, this wasn't no ordinary dude, he stood about six or seven feet. He goes, that's the n word I'd be seeing in my sleep. And like he goes, that's not even that crazy Look at, look at what he, what Jamie just pulled up and Jamie, the investigative journalist that he is just pulled up that Ice Cube formed his first rap group called CIA in 1986.


Wow. Oh my God. Coincidence. It's all Right in front of his man. Connect the dots, bro. I don't say that about Puffy Now, like every interview with Puffy, he's just like, just being A little bit weird, but everyone's Like, it was right in front of you, bro. He was letting us know the whole time, Dude, when, when Bill Mahers said the N word on his show and then the next week had to give his apology to Ice Cube was the funniest thing in the what A weird person have to do it. And then he, he goes, I'm really sorry That was Cuban. I just, You like, well Bill Ma, This is a good moment to teach you something. It was so bad, dude. Let me hear fuck a war. This, this is one of my all time favorite war songs with Bushwick Bill was fun 'cause it was like a South Park character.


Like he could say the wildest shit. 'cause he just, he looked different and You like, ah, let him say it. He is tiny guy. Did you Ever hear ever clear when he tells the whole story of making his girlfriend shoot him in the eye? Yes. Why has no eye Crazy. He's Been into the United States military. The United States wants me for watching. Excuse me, sir. When I used to deliver newspapers, I used to listen to this on cassette. Son, you need to Contact your nearest recruiting office immediately please. You delivered 'em on bicycle? No, I was in a van. I had a van. I delivered. My uncle had a route and I had a, I had a, I would go with him like two o'clock in the morning.


Throw, Throw him out the window. Yeah. Dave Smith, you should go on stage to this. I am loving it. Oh, it's great. Keep me a little more, That picture's crazy. The cover of that album. It's so funny. This was like hard in the eighties. Yeah, I know, But I hate your damn hoe.


I know, but like the, the flow of it doesn't seem anymore. Yeah, it seems bubbly. Call me a funky sucker. Can you imagine being a woman being abused by a black midget and he makes you shoot him in the eye? Where's her side of that story? Listen, that can't be her first mistake. He can't be, she's made a lot of mistakes. No, That's the end of a long series of bad, You know, just, just get there Because you won the lottery. Oh, he takes his eye out. You Gotta do the work. You wanna get into a position where you're fucking being forced to shoot your tiny man's eyeball out.


Hey, Shoot me in the eye. Jesus Christ. You crazy tiny asshole. Jesus Christ. He's got some Willie's got some great Bushwick stories. That was a guy that I wanted to get on the podcast, but he got sick. Like right when We were talking to his people, he apparently got sick. Bushwick Bill. Yeah. And he went up in the hospital. I'm like, God damn. That would've been a good one. How long, how old? When he died? It was a few years back. He he wasn't that old, You know, he had a lot of health problems. What year was it? 52. It was 2019. He was 52. 2019. Yeah. So it was right, right before that he got sick. 52. Did you ever get Scarface? No. I'd love to have him on You ever see the tiny desk thing?


He did. Fucking incredible. You know that tiny desk performance thing? They do, but Scarface did it and like slowed everything down to fit with the vibe of being in this like, really tight thing. And So it was like, You know, he's always been a, a great ru gimme some of this Fucking stone. What's up Mike Dean with him? I think like White Guy Stone. Okay. Mike Dean Stone. But I know, how does it feel, Jay? How does it feel to be on the, the under the other End of it? Like it one bit. It's got big as those camera lenses y'all. And Will something like this Hold up. I said he greet his father with his hands out rehabilitation.


Glad to be the man's child. The world is different since he seen it last outta jail. It's kind of strange. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well also what's strange is again, seeing, we'll never know what, how corny or not an old Biggie or Tupac would've been. Oh yeah. So it might seem like there's not that he's corny, but he's just an an older guy. You know? I mean this guy doesn't live any kind of gangster. Like you Think this is corny. No, no, no. I'm saying saying He what? Saying? I'm saying that he became, you get to see how people would become. No, it's not corny at all. But it's much more, it's much softer energy than you ever thought of Scarface. Oh yeah. In the eighties and nineties. Oh yeah. It does feel like a Oh yeah, for sure. It's a Scarface song that you could read one of these books to. I mean, Guys, yeah, I, if if you told me this was a guy who was in the Roots or something, you'd be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, that makes sense.


But Isn't it make more sense that he's like this now this is an intelligent guy, guy that kept evolving course hundred, a human being. Right? 100%. And you should evolve. Yeah, which is great. It's way better than You, Like you're the only person that hasn't evolved since high school. I, If you're Justin Bieber and you get a sing in a Girl's voice when you're 80, You know that, that, that he, that high pitched thing. First time I heard him sing I like, wow, this girl sounds amazing. And they go, that's Justin Bieber. And I go, oh, what a crazy voice. Well bring him in here Anyway. GCJ Also. But he was, but he was real young back then. Right?


What am I looking at? GCJ, DJ Paul is three six Mafi. Yeah. Three six Mafia Man. I just saw, okay, DJ Paul at Gathering of the Juggalos I performed at, he was one of the people who performed. It's so funny seeing the people who get what's happening there versus the performers who don't because he was up there. He knows like he's been with that audience. I think Tech Nine also does that. So he does all the family chants and stuff. DJ Paul. And he just gets that crowd, gets 'em going. But they throw shit constantly and they're doing all kinds of crazy shit. Rakim went up there and by a Rakim back the third song at like, You know, they were throwing shit to state, but they're into it, the audience. And then he just kind of stops the song and he goes, a I ain't about that.


Fuck shit throwing stuff man. So you could throw shit and we could leave or we could do some rap music. And the crowd was just kinda like, oh, oh, they got it. Okay. See back in the day when We did it yelled, we did it 15 years ago and then they stopped. Dude, they were fucking savages. So I think they're, I think they gather into the Juggalo crowd has gotten older. They're Age two. Yeah, They're all 40 now. So it's like, they're like, okay, if you don't want us to throw stuff, we won't. Which is great. I feel like. No, no, no. I think they were a little more like the crowd had, oh, this is our thing though. They Had to have a moment where they were like, all right, it's a choice between throwing stuff or rap music. And we Did it 15 years ago when We were just so young comedy and we didn't know what it was. It was midnight in a tent in the woods with the Insane Clown Posse and it was a comedy tent.


It's still that. I know. I know. But now they know who we are. They had, I, I mean they had a guy pick a, a clown pick us up in a van. It's OSA talks about it in his, he has that joke on a special up Chuck. Yeah. Up Chuck's Clown van name's Joel. He's a comic from Michigan. He still runs it. He just doesn't do it anymore. So they pick You up in a van. It's the scariest thing ever. You're like, it's just pitch black in the woods in the darkness. And when they put us up there, like, these people aren't there for comedy, they're there for this whatever experience. So they just start throwing like, just cans of soda and beer and alcohol. Oh, Jesus Christ. Jay goes to me, he is like, dude, just me. 'cause I was going first, he was like, I'm like a you in comedy. He's like, Jay's like, just go up there and do jokes. Don't just go up in there and smoke weed and do crowd work. It was like me. And it was Ion, who's like a straight up joke guy. So he was like, you're gonna set us up to fail if you don't do jokes.


So within 10 seconds, like a, a beer can whiz past my head. I was like, oh, is that weed? And there's smoked weed with them for five minutes. No, Lewis had on, he put on, Oh yeah, the mask, the gas mask weed thing. You couldn't even talk through that weed. That was my closer. Yeah. And then I sent, and then Mike Veo went out and I was the only one That was booked on it. I was just like, they want me to do a show. So if they were with me on another gig, I'm like, come and we'll do this one and you guys go on. So Mike Veon goes on and it's, they're not paying attention to him and yelling at him. And I remember he kinda looked at me off side of the stage. I was like, you can wrap it up. Like I'll go eat the rest of this shit. I remember One of his premise and He goes, though, no, well yeah, all I remember is the premise. 'cause he goes, I said that feel, You know that feeling like when you're, when it's going rough and you see the light somehow you even have like another five minute burst in you Because you, You know, you are done.


So like, let me see what I can do now. It's almost like that freeing thing. So I gave Veo and that kinda like, you can wrap it up dude. And he goes, ah, and I almost saw his energy change and he just goes, he's gonna do his last big joke or whatever. And he goes, so hey guys, I had a dream last night. And the crowd, someone in the crowd goes, fuck your Dreams. And I don, he finished, I don't think he finished the bit. And then he brought me up and then I was supposed to do like 45, of which I did 20 maybe because I remember saying where they got mad at me, they, I asked them why there's to rap festival with no black people. And then a black guy stood up and he was like, how about me? And I went one jug of bro.


And then, and then they just booed and someone yelled. They all bleed clown. And I just was like, can I go? Oh God, they all bleed clown. Yeah. I didn't know how to respond to that. Wow. Isn't it amazing though that you could just, if you just create a place where anybody can join you, you're gonna get a group of people, You know, whether it's the Insane Clown Posse or the Mormons. Like see if you just like throw it open head. I respect, I respect the Juggalos more than the ones. No. Hell yeah. I think they're similar. Nothing. Well honestly, they're more happy being Juggalos than they are. If Juggalos didn't exist. That Should be the judge of all of it though, like you said before, it's like, what does this actually do for you? Right. Forget whether any of it's real. It's just like, Are you happy? Is your life better because you're a jugg?


And Also if you've ever listened, if you ever listened to the Insane Clown Posse's music, it is unironically pretty awesome. I'm not gonna like, I thought I was gonna hate it, but every song it rules. It's just about clowns killing people. It's just to a great beat. It's horror rap. Horror Rap. It's horror wrap. Amazing. I'm I, I am thoroughly, I said that festival's pretty amazing and I'm thoroughly so just always impressed with the music is subjective to anybody. But I'm like the, what they've done I think is amazing. It's incredible. I mean they are world famous known. They Just did the VMAs and They're, they're of, they're the only band that's ever pulled off having like a whole festival. Yeah. They're, We are the second one.


It's them us. Honestly, without, without us doing ju the Gathering of the Juggalos, we wouldn't have even done Sk Fest idea. There's so much influence from the gathering of the Juggalos and our audience. There's a lot of crossover. In fact, I'll say it now 'cause it's too late for people to even go. But our secret guest is the Insane Clown Posse on Thursday night at the kickoff party. Oh, that's amazing. It's gonna be said. That's amazing dude. Legion Gangs is one of the most important things in comedy. You guys really are. Thank you. You really are. I put you guys in the same, like there's, there's this brackets of like, kill Tony Legion gangs. There's a thing about having these battlegrounds where you go, no, no, no, we're going to say what we would say if We were fucking around together. Mm. Like you could deal with it or you could not deal with it. But this is how we would, the the conversations we're having are exactly like green room conversations.


Oh yeah. Well yeah. It's, and I feel like now, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, But I feel like almost like the tide has turned in some weird way. Like it's kind of coming back. It definitely has. Even there, there were like these big moments I think like when they tried to cancel you and that didn't work. Shane getting SNL just like big things where it's kinda like, oh, they're almost admitting okay, we lost the great censor comedian's war. But for those years I think it was, it was good to have Legion of Skanks for a lot of those, for a lot of those comics That was just like, well this is the place where you could still do whatever you wanted. Yeah. We were, We were just opening the, the door A little bit to say fucked up shit. And people would come on our show. I mean the amount of times people were like, dude should I have not said that on your show after they leave, But Oh yeah.


You guys did a wise thing too though. 'cause you were subscription based. Mm Right. So for the longest time, if you wanted to find out what you guys were talking about, you had to subscribe. So you had like loyal, But I was just kind of like subscribers on that too is to kind of keep our ourselves a little safe from Well yeah, We have our own platform. Smart and what we put up, it's smart a version on YouTube. We put it out on iTunes, but we play by the rules there. So we edit out all the shit you can say on those platforms. And if you wanna see the real version the way that we do it, you gotta go subscribe. And honestly, with YouTube, the way they started censoring everything, it actually now, 'cause for, we've been doing this for like eight years, but now more than ever, a platform that we have, like we have is more important than ever because now YouTube is super strict with everything we do.


We have to bleep things, we have to censor things. There's certain topics we can't even put in the podcast. It's so wild that there's only really one YouTube. Hmm. Like if you had to predict at the beginning of the internet when they first started putting videos and like those little media players you'd get with Windows, who would, who the fuck would've ever thought there would only be one streaming site that anybody cares about? There's a few other ones, but Nobody Well, they do. That's what I'm saying. No one catch on. It's like Google is like the search engine, but like there's a whole bunch of other ones. But no one. But, but well, Google Also Bought out YouTube and I mean they, they, it was so smart the way they did it. But yeah, like you can't go to, no offense to Rumble. Like when you put the podcast on Rumble, nobody watches it. There's no, There's also, there's few shows that have big audiences on, on Rumble.


Like It, they're bigger than Rumble. Yes. That's, that's kind of the, the dynamic. And it is Google and YouTube, which are are one and the same now. It is amazing how they just became the thing for something that there's no clear reason why there should be one thing, but nobody is like, if you say something and you go, is that true? And I go, yeah, Bing it. Well the You Like The YouTube thing though. It's like they've, they have it so dialed in with like the recommendations and there's constant, you could go down rabbit hole after Rabbit hole after Rabbit Hole and never find the end and be endlessly entertained and it encourages you to keep looking at other stuff. Keep showing you other stuff constantly and Judgment and all the power.


I'm judgment of TikTok in the universe is that algorithm now. It's insane how much that like formula part Formula has this much power. And they've like, if they, if YouTube decides we're gonna push this person, they could make someone one of the most influential people in The world. Yeah. So the industry has become, it's not even like the industry. The industry has become tech nerds that are like in charge of all these algorithms and they can like, who knows how it works. Yeah. Who knows when they just pick and choose and what they, they choose. All I know is YouTube thinks I wanna see Ben Shapiro a lot more than I wanna see Ben Shapiro YouTube's like, I'm pretty sure you're gonna love This guy. I don how I told you yesterday, right? The guy's name I asked you about because I just found him yesterday was Kirk, was it Charlie? Charlie Kirk. Charlie Kirk. Yeah. He's big.


I watch him and Ben Shapiro yell at college kids. That's the video That is such A weird one. That is such a weird one. When you sit down with like young kids that don't know what the fuck they're talking about. They've never been on camera ever. And you give 'em a microphone, it's a, You know, even even if they're willing to sign the release, 19 year olds don't know what the fuck they're saying. Well The one girl, One girl, it's not Right. One girl's getting do one girl's getting dominated on the thing. But I was gonna say that, like, she even says it where I do like, even though I'm kind like, lady, you sound dumb. I felt genuinely bad for her when she goes, he like gave her like some kind of smarmy, like, You know, and she just kind of goes, she's like, well I'm sorry, I'm, I'm sorry I'm nervous. Like I don't talk on microphone a lot. Like I think you do. So like, I'm so, and I was almost like, yeah dude, like you're getting, of course you're like haling her and when no one, she says something and everyone's around and starts booing and she starts kinda like smiling, but it's not a smile of like, bring it on.


She's doing the smile of like, I don't know what to do. Like she's that scary. I've just been frozen before a lot. Makes me feel bad for that. Not only that, but then that girl now is internet famous. Right? So did she really understand what she was doing? Like did she really understand what the consequences of that are when you're 19 or whatever age she Is. Also, if you're an adult and you're arguing with a, a child, a, a 19-year-old, a 20-year-old, the the goal of it, it should always be with the tone of a like, well look, let me, let me give you something to consider. Like maybe I get why you feel that way. But like, hey maybe look at it this way. It should never be like, I want to have the crowd go, oh God, you destroy. It's like whatcha I doing's?


Like when you ever see like a comedian who's like a kid like a, like a 16 or a 15-year-old kid. Like every, I just have a hard time ever really enjoying him. 'cause I'm going like, you have no idea. You've lived absolutely no experiences. You have no like perspective on the world or anything. Maybe you understand that it's all a joke, but it's kind of Yeah. Oh, that's what it does. And that's one of making someone famous on America's Got Talent, something like that. And you're like, what do you do? I became friends with Chappelle when he was 19. I saw Chappelle when he was 19 and he was doing like, and he was Also savant though. He was, but he also did a thing That was really interesting where he would do outside shows. He would just throw a hat down in the bottom and Start doing Stand up on the street. No, anywhere. Oh yeah, he did in Montreal. He did it right in front of the club soda.


We did a show. And then Chappelle goes outside and fucking does standup to people in the street and they all gathered round and he was doing standup in the street in Montreal. Crushing, crushing, crushing, crushing. It's funny though. And this, this was him at 19. Yeah. So no, he's not famous at all. I mean maybe he was, maybe he was a couple years older by then. Maybe he was, Well 19 he got his first deal. So this was, this was 94 I wanna say I did the Montreal Comedy Festival with him and I met him in like 91 somewhere around then. So what, how old was Dave in 1991? That was, he Did a minute. Robinhood Tyson when he was 19, I believe. Dude, He was, It was crazy.


Like he would do this thing where he would just do standup. Yeah. Out to people. 19. He was 19, 15 or 19. Yeah. Depending on, he would just do standup on the street. It was the craziest thing he'd ever seen. Man. I Wouldn't, if anybody, if anybody did that now and put it on video, we would all muck them. But He learned how to do it from Charlie Barnett. And Charlie Barnett was like a famous New York comic that got on Saturday Night Live but couldn't read. Couldn't read. So that's Outie Murphy got the gig. Yeah, It's Wild. Oh that's, But he used to, that's why he lost the gig because he couldn't read the scripts. Yeah. He was pop, he was pretty popular at Charlie Barnett. He was like in DC Cab. Right. A couple things. And like He was a hilarious comic. He Was popping and then, yeah, he couldn't read the cue cards. So they had to hire Eddie Murphy. And he, I think he influenced Dave a lot in that too.


That like, he saw Charlie doing those better, Better learn how to read. Dave won't make it this business. Read That poor guy man. Because he was, I saw the early, was super talented. Supposedly The early influence of Tony Woods. Tony Woods Is so bad Too. Oh yeah, for sure. But Tony Woods still is a hilarious dude. He's great. He's doing the he's doing the festival this year, right? Is he was there last year? Yeah. Yeah. He's awesome. He did my podcast. Then we went to the Vulcan and did a show and he murdered, man, it was hilarious. Oh, he's A killer dude. Really, really funny. You like low energy? Low energy and levels. Charismatic though. He's just, he so good at engaging with the crowd. He's he's very good as some, some comedians just have that gift of like luring you into their world.


Yep. Like Nate Bargey is very like that. Yes. Like when you watch him, you're just like, you slow down and you just kinda like sink into his. I can't kill unless I'm yelling at the audience screaming at the top of my lungs. There's no chance you Turn mono. But isn't that personality Wheel, That's more of your personality though Isn't true. Like imagine if you were forced to do Steven Wright's act, oh my god, You like, like this is not me, but for Steven Wright, it's perfect. Yep. For Steven Wright. It's the fucking best act. Well Jay, you're very low energy. You're, and you bring, you kind of bring them into you, but it's very, you sit down, which is like a, It's by design though because you're lazy. And I said I watched that because I'm very lazy. No, I watched Patrice, like it's a, it's a complete like mimic of patrice's things.


It was watching him go from standing to sitting and seeing that the crowd, some of the people that took him in as very like, he's like looming over them and saying these like crazy things. Like being like turned off by that to seeing when he was laying back and letting them come into him. He could say like, much more people like embrace that they were leaning into him. That makes sense. And When you're a big guy. So that's what I felt as a big presence. I was like, I'm gonna say all this kind of crazy shit. Like when I'm down over them it looks like I'm like pointing down at them. Right. Right. Instead, instead of letting them kind of like coming into the stage, That actually does make sense that if you, and also they're sitting down too. Why are you standing up? Well you're not moving around unless you, unless you have some activity in your act. If you've got some activity, if you've got some things you gotta act out A Little bit.


When I started the black comedy clubs, But I was doing a straight Chris Rock pace nonstop. A lot of direct finger point. You know what I'm talking about? Just because I know what I'm Saying. Those are Good. Those juicy old act up. Yeah man, it's, it's interesting now too because like Kill Tony, sort of a similar situation as getting interviewed by Charlie Kirk, Some of these, some of these Fucking dudes for their first time ever, they do stand up and it's at Mass Square Garden. Oh yeah. And they're just like, what the fuck? And they go out there and they just frozen in the eyes of 16,000 people and that's gonna be them forever. Everybody at work. Like, look at Mikey bombing, look at Mikey Balman.


This fucking idiot. Thought he was funny. And then the comments, all your neighbors, you fucking the Guy up right before me just got booed. I couldn't even hear what he got booed for. I just know he followed a handicapped guy who gave a sweet emotional speech about the being handicapable. And then he walked off and I said, the other guy just got out there and they were like, fuck this Biped piece. He was, I remember he was like, he's whatever it is, dude. A shell. I kill Tony. If you're good looking. It's just, it's held against you pretty quickly. Really quickly. It like, yo, fuck you dude. Where are your burn scars? Like the rest of earth. The audience Represents the rest of Earth's micro.


Well you see someone that's good looking and they're gonna spotlight on fuck you. It's like a natural, I think there's a subconscious thing though. I think we good looking people. We want to grease the wheels for A little bit. Good looking. People have have it pretty easy in life in comedy. It's just a weird thing. It's just, you almost give 'em A little bit like, Because humor is the weapon of the not good looking person Right. To like counter out this. So you're immediately going like, you are hot, you don't have a fucking personality, Fuck yourself. Exactly. Even though there are good looking people who are hilarious and have good personalities, but generally speaking, Well you Schumer you generally Speaking, it's not likely. Right. Schumer, Schumer had a thing one time. She said, I saw her on stage at the Cellar once and it was about her and her boyfriend meeting Kate Upton and like she walked away to go get something to drink or whatever.


When he came back he was like, yeah, yeah. His her husband said to Amy, he was like, she's great man. And she said the funniest story was like, fuck you dude. The idea of like, come on man. Don't, Oh yeah, but you, you learned to be, people Tell Funny. It's, it's People were like, dude, George Clooney that prankster, he's the best. That guy's the funniest dude. You're like, he's fine at best I'm sure. Relax. Yeah. It's, it's a personality trait to get laid. We, we all learn to be funny when we're kids because we're not good looking enough to get laid without it. It's like, look, I either gotta get funny or do donuts in the streets of Philadelphia. Yeah. I love, it's easier to get funny. I love when really good looking actors tell you who to vote for. They're my favorite.


They're my favorite. These are the guys with all the wisdom. And then they're, they're gonna tell you the same, they're the same guys that told you to get vaccinated too, by the way. Well The best same guys. The best was like early in it, like in March and April when they would all take videos from their mansion and be like, Oh yeah, we're all in this together. I would also stay home. $30 million in the bank Is imagine oh you're twirling a a Tom Collins with your finger on a raft From the future. If we go into apocalyptic times, do you think they'll look back on like the shutting down of the country for a year and a half as like the trigger that made society begin to collapse?


I don't think they will. They'll never acknowledge they were wrong. Do do you think But like his historians, objective historians, you think they'll look back at this time and be like, this was the fall of Rome. Dude, there's Gonnas be a lot of books written about this period in time. I Think it's the internet. The internet is the, the beginning of the end for everything. But I The beginning, It's not the beginning. Internet didn't shut the fucking country down for a year and a half. The internet didn't do that. That's way they shared the idea that quickly. Yeah. But it's, it's a very specific group of people who decided That was a good idea. Nah, you wouldn't have had anyone even fighting back against it if it wasn't for the internet. It would've all just been the CN without the Internet. They would've pulled that off so much easier. They would've scared the shit outta you. Well they, you would never know they pulled off.


They did. You would. Yeah. But if There was, this happened in the 1980s, you would never know how many people died on respirators. You would never know about any of that shit. Right. You wouldn't know about a goddamn thing they didn't want you to know about. That's, that's what's so scary about the media today. Flu. When you hear about the Spanish flu, you're like, You like how do You know how many people died? There was no internet, There was no like there's no way. Yeah. By the time you got your horse to the next place with the information, more people have died. Bro living back then you, you were fucked if you lived in the city, the hygiene was insanely bad. People had shit in these outhouses that were set up for the block. There was never, Never, There was sorts of Diseases. No food. They never present that. I think that always when I see watch like tombstone stuff and like Right Kurt Russell and a girl went off into the woods to go kiss.


I'm like ah, I be her armpits smell like shit. Like everything. Yeah. Be She has gum diseases. Everybody Smelled like shit, you had a shit in a hole in the ground. They hadn't even invented toilet paper back then. What did, how they even wipe that Dude you had to be so horny in the 16 hundreds. Oh to just power through all of that God To have sex. My god. Just big hairy bush. It stinks off But I guess you'd just be like a Put, put my chin in your shit covered ass cheeks and eat your disgustingly smelly, hairy pussy Dogs don't give a shit what anything smells like and I guess you just get used to stuff. That was it. I guess So it was probably hot dude did a stinky pussy was probably hot in the 16 hundreds By 1880 horses in New York City deposited 4 million pounds of manure on city streets every day in dry weather it would turn to fecal dust and choke pedestrians.


Vacant lots were filled with the ways these mandu piles, manure piles would rise up to 60 feet High. Now it's called Staten Island 60 feet High. Dude if you fell. Yeah. So save me from 60 feet, You are dead. Yeah. Save me all that shit about carbon emissions by the way. We're doing great. This is way better than what it used to be. Oh my God. You're breathing shit air. Yeah. By the way, way Everyone was sick. I'll tell you who is right now. Nodding their head. He goes, yeah, that's why I'm the guy who invented that bag that goes behind the horse's asses. Isn't it Amazing though that the invention of the internal combustion engine and the adoption of cars by everybody and the abandonment of driving horses literally stopped there from being shit air throughout every city street.


Shit air. You never, you've never been to Newark. Summer times. Shit Joe. I was born in Newark. I've been there. It's Not, it's not much better smelling in Newark. I lived there in the 1990s. There's like when I Moved Was it bad when you lived there? That was horrible. Smells too. That was my grandfather to save up money to get an apartment. When I first moved to New York, I didn't have enough money for an apartment and my grandfather lived on North ninth Street in, in Newark and he was there from the block busting days. So he bought a house there like in the 1940s or fifties. And then in the sixties they came by and they said, black people are moving into your neighborhood, sell now. And these, it was like a real estate scam. And then they would try to sell to black people and just like get money outta all these houses.


And my grandfather was, it was an Italian community and my grandfather was like, I love black people. I don't give a fuck. Get outta here. This is my house. And he, he wasn't moving. And so all these people, people, Your grandfather's old enough also that he's like, I was the black person five minutes ago. Exactly. Like what do you mean? Yeah, When he moved here, he came here straight from Italy and he told me it was horrific de like the the term wp. I always think it was funny if you say around him, he would get angry. Yeah. Like someone called somebody a Guinea, he would get angry. Like Classic WP behavior. Am I right? But it's Like he was a peaceful guy but he would just get like, That was a terrible thing that they used to call us when We were kids. But You know that's like, that's not that long ago man. No It's, That's just really crazy.


It's all, all The like basically across the country, even like California. But like all the like areas that you think of as like the hood, it's like Oakland or Compton. Yeah. Or but Newark or Crown Heights or any of the, those areas, those were all white areas up until like the sixties. And then like a bunch of black people from the south came up and then all the white people left Are great now. And they did Do these scams. They did. There was like a lot of it was like pushed by these real estate guys and they would like purposely fuck up a neighborhood to make money off of it. And then There was redlining where like they wouldn't sell to black people outside certain lines. Like That was a Baltimore issue too. Well my grandmother, it was funny, the neighborhood I grew up in like was Jewish and black and then down the next neighborhood There was was Italian.


Everyone started, it became predominantly black by the time I moved up my grandmother till like two years before she died and was in her nursing home, stayed in that house and did not scare the old people at all. It didn't like as it changed around them, it didn't scare. There were be literally people like on her front step, like her neighbors like a bunch of like teenagers like rapping with a loud stereo and she would just be like, oh they're nice. Right? At least me. They're not trans. Like they call me Miss Jeanette. And so whatever my Grandma, my grandma was delightfully racist. I mean she didn't give a fuck. My grandma Rose. That's racist. Their mind, the only brown person at the table had the most racist. My grandma was grandmother, like openly racist. She didn't give a shit. My aunt Amory to this. She's a little Racist. I think the penalty of being a Puerto Rican that's racist is less than the Penalty of being white Irish.


She was Italian. She was, she was Italian. I'm half Italian Irish. Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. And no, they would literally, I would be at the dinner table and I remember one Thanksgiving my grandma said because I was getting picked on by white kids in the neighborhood 'cause it was like a white trash neighborhood and I was only the only brown kid. And my grandma was like, You know it's not his fault that he's the, he's an N word. Oh Jesus Christ. Yeah. Remember she was right. She was right. It's not your fault. It's not. Didn't choose. It's not my fault. Yeah, that's what the original Goodwill hunting was. Not you Grandma not, You know When people go, I just go hug black people in Goodwill hunting them. That's what I call it. It's not your fault. It's not my fault. It's not your fault. Not you Jay don't you do this Jay? Have you guys seen that Matt Walsh movie?


Am I racist? I haven't Seen that. I watched the trailer Today is is it? What's it out? It's really Funny. Heard, I've heard great things about it. It's it's a top 10 movie in the country right now. Yeah, I think it's a like what number is it? Well The first one was great, Which is crazy dude. It's got no press. No press reviews on Rotten Tomatoes. But customer reviews is 99%. Which is wild. Yeah. Like no one will review it. Why? Because It's funny. Well He's real Making and he's not being sanctimonious. He's not like talking down to people or preaching to them. He's just showing how nutty all these fucking people on these struggle sessions with white people. The other one was great. Funny. It is A woman. I think It's better. It's better than that. 'cause this one's really funny.


What does a woman at certain times would You like? Well the trailer says it's a comedy. Yeah, it calls it a comedy. It's It Is a comedy. I don't think the other one like really was pushed as that. But he's Do, he's essentially doing like a right wing version of one of those like Sasha Baron Cohen type shows. Yep. He's essentially doing that. He's sitting down with these people and he's pretending that he is with them and he wants to know, You know, how he could do better. Am I racist? Number seven. Wow. Number seven in the fucking country with no press man. He made two and a half million this weekend. Do You know how nutty that is to have no press and have a show take off and become a top 10 movie in the country? That's pretty wild. And no press reviews at all This.


It's an interesting time man. It's interesting. And it is Like it, the thing that's, That was real interesting about the first one and I think probably is true about this Although I haven't seen it yet, is that even though he's obviously like a real right winger, it's not like that's the movie. Like the movie isn't even making a right wing argument or anything like that. It's just like letting these crazy left wingers showcase how crazy they are. Exactly. Like okay, you, you tell them Like it was nuts. He just went up to these in the first one that I did say. He just went up to these gender experts and just kept asking them what a woman is who's crazy. And they all just collapsed into themselves. Like this toughest question. They Never thought the trans woman he asked outside was the best.


'cause they was like, well what is a woman Then she goes, I think I want go. They've made it. They've tried to boil it down. I think I saw somebody do this the other day too, like tried to come up with a logical explanation. It was something really ridiculous. Like it's I, although recognizing that there are biological differences, a woman is anybody who tells you they're a woman while recognizing bio legs. So this is like the loophole while recognizing that Harry probably can't get pregnant, he is now harrieta. And and that's just it. That's just it. There's no conversation that could be had here. And and in some countries they're talking about jailing people. Was it Scotland that had something about the, a proposal about literally jailing people for misgendering people?


Oh yeah. I mean that's like a big discussion always. Yeah, but it's, But but they were talking about putting people in a fucking cage Like it find out what saying isn find out where That was. Was that in Scotland doesn't the thing that happened in Canada, so many people in Canada, a guy got sent to jail for mis, he wouldn't agree to call his like son or daughter or vice versa. I mean how many people he went to actually Actually legitimately, it's like 0.001% of people are Actually trans. Well now it's way higher than that with young people because there's not a real thing to being trans anymore. Dude, I was, I was three steps away from racing my cars and doing donuts and also three steps away from becoming transit Door neighbor. They're just like moonies By way. Join up man. Ironically, join Up. I just wanted to up Everybody.


Most ironically, if you were Asian you would've been better at both things. Maybe. Possibly. Bro, you would've been a tough sale as a chick. No, dude, I The chick, first of all, me and Dave dress up as chicks years Ago to make fun of the guys. We fucked podcasts, we mocked them. We did, We did a sketch Dressing up as them and I looked fucking good. I'm sure you did, but there's not a lot of dudes who are gonna want to climb you. I'm telling you right now to get that giant You're intimidating lady pu You're a big lady man. You're a scary lady. Yeah. If I decided to claim Scott fly with jail, people from misgendering is false. And look at they have the Elon's picture. Why did get brought into It. So what is the actual truth? What is the actual truth? If I became a woman though I know I'm fucking very brutal. It's way down here. Skinny black dude, there You're, is misgendering a crime? What does it say? It says Jay, you're gonna move false According to law professor.


That guess according to Adam, Tom, oh, one guy, foreign. I'll trust him. Misgendering could only be considered a hate crime if it was done in a way that a reasonable person would consider to be threatening or abusive. Wait a minute. That's that's pretty vague. That that means Yes. That doesn't mean no that doesn't mean it's false. That means you just, if if that's how you're gonna write it out, that a, in quotes, a reasonable person would consider to be threatening or abusive. Who the fuck is reasonable? H how many in the Story? Many. How many people do You know that are reasonable And also threatening? They're gonna be able to decide whether or not you should be jailed. Well, threatening is A little bit more concrete than abusive. Abusive is really vague. Like what do you mean verbally abusive.


So If you're a hundred pound man and Lewis calls you a man name and you wanna be called a woman's name, that could be threatening. Right? Right. That Could be threatening. I mean i's A big guy. I also would've been threatening the guy to be honest. Yeah. Why are you being a woman? Yeah, a headbutt. That's a weird thing. Misgendering would only be considered a hate crime if was done in a way. Okay. What does it say below that? According to Adam Tompkins, a law professor and former conservative MSP asserting that sex is a biological fact or that it is not changed just by virtue of the gender by which someone chooses to identify is not and never can be a hate crime under this legislation. Okay, so he's saying that like dead naming someone will never be a crime.


Well, no, but see even this is in a kind of A little bit vague way because he's saying asserting that sex is a biological fact. So if I just say men or men and women are women, that can't be a crime that's not changed by gender but can calling an individual like could be like, no, you're not a woman, you're a man. Could that be considered abusive or whatever. It's all the interpretation. Like what is that? You know? That's a very good point. 'cause this is just step one, right? That's what it seems like to me. Right, right, right. So this is not saying no arguing with them. No, you're a man. It says it's not changed by virtue of the gender by which someone chooses to identify is not and never can be a hate crime. But yeah, that is weird because like asserting that it's a biological fact.


But like what if you're arguing? What if you're saying you're a man? Is that harassment now? Fuck you. I'm a woman. You're a fucking man. And if you're getting in one of those exchanges, what's that? Then? You know what I mean? Like that might get No, If I call somebody an asshole, they're not literally an asshole. Right. So like technically isn't it all just sort of like deciding what words have power on what words don't? 100%. Because if you're not swearing and this person's swearing back at you that wants to be called a woman, fuck you, you fucking cocksucker. I am a woman. Yeah. And you're like, no, you're not. You're a dude. Like you're, you're like standing your ground in that situation. Right. That could also be the case. What if you don't threaten them? But like if you hypothetically like if that, if that dude was like, I am a woman and I was like, if you were a woman, I'd slap the shit outta you right now.


But you're a man so I'm afraid you might beat my ass. So Well it's like I didn't actually train them. Well That's, that's a good balance. 'cause you're putting yourself in the, You know, you're not saying you'd, I beat your ass. You're saying I'm gonna get fucked up. So that's, I Don't know, do you train? That's very What's to be Said? That's very well phrased. What's to be said for feeling how you feel and also just not giving a shit. Do You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like I feel, like I said before, I think they should not give hormones or any kind of operations to children to, You know, change their gender. Imagine should that being a radical Idea. But I'm saying, But I, I don't, but also if, if they're like, they're not making it illegal, they're doing it. I'm like, well now I want to see a 5-year-old with tits. Like now I want to see it. I'm I'm against it. I just want go. They did, they already did.


You're You're Even allowed to say that. Let me zoo pop. Yeah, you're not even allowed to say that to Say what Five. But it's a boys' tits. That's the thing That's weird. It's like that the weird, the nipple thing is odd, right? Didn't New York City, didn't they free the nipple where you can walk around with your tits out? I believe so, yeah. Did you ever see it? Yeah, Once in a while in the park, in the park. See it all. Did I ever a pair that you're really looking forward to seeing? Rarely, but once in a while in a park you'll see a nice pair of tits in Austin. Wait, just fully topless, what's the, what's the spring called? Barton Springs. So it's top tops are optional there for girls. Oh my goodness. I brought my son there, dude. He was 10 years old and I just saw him staring at this girl's tits and it's all hot chicks. It's all like hot Austin Chicks. Of course they're being free.


Yeah, they do. Ketamine. Yay. And I remember James was just fucking keyed in on this girl's tits and I was like, Hey, what are you doing? He was like, he was like, it's natural dad. Mom says the body's natural. So Mom says, mom says the fuck is she talking to you about? Yeah, Bro. Imagine what people were like before they had clothes then just, just like chimps. Just fucking, every chance they click just off trees and shit. Imagine before people figured out clothes, how wild it was. I think we figured 'em out pretty early on in the game clothes. Yeah, No, It was a leaf you put over Your No, no, no. It was millions of years of being sub human hominid. What I should, what I should say is I think pretty early in the game of being humans. So like whenever they're like they trace like the genetic to like we, this is when we consider You like a modern Homo sapien.


I think first especially First thing if we came outta the water, our dicks were so small. You threw something on quick. I don't know if that's true. I think it was all climate based. I think in Africa. Like, I mean, how much They probably covered their dicks. Well, In Africa, if you Go to like some places, the Amazon that are totally buck naked, well, in Africa they have to cover their dicks. Otherwise it's dangerous. It's a trip You don't need, Just tie it back like a hair bun. Like They didn't need to stay warm. Right. So I think it was only when people started moving. Yeah, You might be right about that. I think it's a migration thing because where human life evolved to the same area where like a lot of different primates evolved besides us. Yeah. Human beings got to Europe and The IM Got close, they got to Europe and they went, all right, let's, let's cover our dicks and build some shit.


When did we start? I know in the Bible they says it was like, You know, God gave us embarrassment at one point or whatever, but when did we really start getting embarrassed? It was cold. Who was the first guy That was like, oh my dick is small. I don't want people to see This. I hope we don't find out. Our Sebastian's not gonna have anything to talk about. Aren't you embarrassed? I think it's as soon as we started moving to places where it was cold and then we don't see people's dicks and pussies all day long. Like it kind of changes your behavior. And it probably led to us like saying, listen, we need a city and we need a wall. We need, we need to figure out how to block all these wild motherfuckers, these bear dick motherfuckers from coming over the hills. That's probably what happened. Probably people got started getting really shy, but who was the afraid? 'cause they were covering their selves up with, with animal skins to stay warm.


But why was it having a small dick? I need to get to the bottom of this. What was the problem with having a small dick? That everyone was like, you need to cover that little dick up. You know? Well, You know the Romans thought that having a big dick was gross. Right. The big dick was a sign of, that's why they like had little dicks on all those giant dudes. Like the odds of like if you look at some of Michelangelo's statues, the odds of those guys not having a massive hog Yeah. Are very small. That is a dude built like Francis and Gnu. You know, and What's funny is all of those kings and all of those like important people, they, they literally commissioned them to build them like they were gods. And they would build the statues bigger than the statues of gods. Right. And you would think that they would give 'em a big fat hog, giant Fat hok, A fucking hammer.


They all have little tiny dicks because they Thought that's just the artist's signature. Some, some person, just like the same people that are tricking people into thinking your cat can be non-binary. Somebody back then tricked him and thinking the big dicks are bad. And it's probably some conniving little dick king, Some genius, some Little motherfucker who's figured Out, he's like, oh Saul, There was a perilla. Get pick a dick Outta here. Oh, look at the hog on that guy though. What's that one from? He's a Greek God, I don't know. Oh my god. At dong. Look at his dong and look at all the extra skin he's got at the front of his dong. That Guy must be libertarian. It looks like a fucking hawk's Face by the way. That's the only one that's uncircumcised of all these. Yeah. Well once they're hard it pops out.


You know, look at these animals. Jesus. What is that from My bedroom? That's what I keep my bracelets on. But Look at that one right there. The guy has a tiny dick. The one in the no. Yeah, right there. Look at that tiny dick. But I would say average size Joe. Insane. It's it's Guy guy's Body. Yeah. But everybody can't stay fucking boned up for them while they're bother posing for their fucking statue. Yeah. Jesus Christ Joe, leave the man alone. It's not a bad dick. That's a Tiny dick. I think it's weirder than that guy was so hard. Yeah. Fucking no, no, that's normal. That's not. That's Walking Around High Hitler with the jack rock. He goes, oh, go back to that Michaelangelo Michaelangelo. Hate this.


Go Back to that. Scope this for Bro. I don't care what your excuse is. If anybody ever gets a picture of you, hi Hitler. And with a go back to that picture with a big cop. With a giant hog. This one. The one that you just had with a guy Hile Hitler. And He was, his hand was upside down. It was, he was Clear Hitler to me, bro. Is it the one, the white one? Yeah, that one right there. Oh, that. Click on that, bro. That's highlight. No, he walking. That's not the one though though. He's walking like an injection. That's Not the one you had that. That one's freakier. This one looks, looks like more modern. This guy's playing music to his dick. That last one looked like she was wearing high heels. What was the one he just had up Jamie? It is. Oh that one right. There's there that one right there to the left of that. To the left. Right here. No, no, no. In the middle. In the middle. Middle. Second row. Great one. See where you're Pointing That middle, second Row, row, row up. One row to the right, to the right.


That's it. Bam. What I had a second ago, bro. That guy's Hal Hitler and the arms Upside down. That's how it started. It's Like it started like this and then they flipped it over. It's like how you turn over a punch. Yeah. Yeah. That was, That was, he was getting ready to give a fucking strong one. Look, the guy's got a giant heart on. He's very excited. He's, he's Nazi on the left side and gay on the right side. I was gonna say, they really are. They make them sort of flamboyancy too. Jamie, go back to that one and give us a description. What does that mean? I think it's still the same guy. Is this one's, I'm the guy, I think it's a guy with a big dick. Don Lucas', some kind of a job. Oh, okay. What's his name? Greek God fertility probably. Oh, that's right. Let's go. Let's go. Champ. He's the only guy with a big dick in any of that art.


There's so many different versions of him though. Sometimes his dick is reasonable. Yeah. You know, really big but reasonable. Well, Different sticks. He just, yeah, it looks like sometimes just, he just fucked. Sometimes he just got outta the shower. But like the Sea Kyle one, he looked pretty reasonable, right? It was a reasonable dick. It was a big dick. But some of 'em are like, Hey man, come on, come on. I mean, there's no way. I Had just gotten to an age now where I just go around the locker. Oh shit. Did you guys, I go around the locker room completely naked now for the first time in my life. Like, I think it's Funny. The men's locker, right? The men's locker room. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Just checking. Men's, women, children. It doesn't matter. Lewis is in there. But I think it's so funny to just be naked amongst men. I don't Like it with my little dick is hilarious.


It makes them uncomfortable. I don't Like it at all. And taking a little bouncy dick walk to a shower. Nuts My little bird. Yeah, no, fuck that. Did you guys Hear about that Canadian guy who is 50 years old, who identified as a teenage girl, he wanted to do a swim meet with teenage girls and they were letting him, that is next step. I believe There was like an argument. See if it's true. If they let him actually into the locker room. I wanna make sure that this is true. Like a girl's locker room. Can you imagine? You, you have a, a teenager. What A dream. It's Gonna do a swimming event. Oh This is like attached to a school. 50-year-old trans swimmer, shared locker room while competing against teens.


Yeah. It's awesome. And this is, this is how, this is how crazy Canada's gone. This is, they're just like the moonies. They're just like the Juggalos. Like they're in a cult. They don't realize they're in a cult. But if you think this is a good idea to let a 50-year-old guy who decides to identify as a woman change in a locker room with teenage girls. 'cause he identifies as a teenage girl, you're outta your fucking life. Ladies. Ladies. Does It say That? That this person, a bunch of us gals in here, I mean, let, Let be clear that this, does this person say they identify as a teenage girl. See If that's, this was a plan that I would've drummed up, drummed up when I was 12 years old. I don't think that's, it was an event that teenage girls could be in a 16 and older. I think it's just a locker. She's going to a women's locker room in general.


Okay. 16 and older. This person's competing in a 16 and older. So you could be any age. Yeah. Okay. So does, is there any evidence that this person identifies as a teenage girl? Or is that just the internet? That sounds like the internet, But I don't know. Google that. Just in case I would like to know because that makes it extra crazy and fun. I'd Be weirded that. But It does, It doesn't make it extra crazy and fun that people are like, okay. It's the same way I feel about all the other things we talked about. Like the odds of you not being outta your fucking mind are really low. They're really low, low, low, super low. And the fact that everyone's like, yeah, inclusivity. Like Well also how, How did we get to this moonie point?


How do there's, there's Also we, you should be allowed to say that some things are weird and crazy and that doesn't necessarily mean you have to hate them or be against them. No, comedians are weird and crazy. I'm crazy. We're all weird and crazy. Okay. She, this is apparently that means Wise Heart was swimming with young girls because of how fast or slow a swimmer is. Not because she identifies as a young girl, but the competition is presumably separated by gender. So there's an issue where Wise Heart is competing against females while being biologically male and also I think intact. Oh, So which is also the weird one, right? Like it, you could be a woman, but you don't even have to try that hard.


No, you don't have to do Marty, turn it around real quick and hit you with my pussy on your back. And you can go back and forth anytime you want. You don't have to choose. I'll call you your name if you cut your dick off. Does Anybody ever wrong? If you don't cut your dick off, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna call you. Or maybe, maybe I will call your name, But I might fuck it up. But I think that's okay. Either Way he's gonna check and we'll figure out. We'll go from there. It's just so nuts, man, that you're just giving a, this pervert pass like allows, because it, there's real trans people that are like this. Like it's happened for all eternity. There's something wiring, you feel female, but there's also crazy people. There's also real pervert and you've given a pervert, a Willy Wonka golden ticket. I've Gotten real good, I've gotten real good at calling people the gender they want.


If they like, I still will fuck it up, But I find I'm pretty good at it. If they look like a girl, if it's a guy transitioning to a girl and they look a girl, I say I'm pretty good at all the she. But if, if I almost, if I fuck it up, look at yourself. Yeah. That means that you, you're not shaving enough for, you haven't done whatever it is to make me call you because I'm pretty good at calling damn Jay Trans Girls. Girls. But it's also, but it's also a weird thing to get stuck on because you're just, you have to agree to this thing and you have to agree to it. This especially like if you knew the person as one thing at one point in time and then they decided to change their name and gender and you're Like, It Seems like you need a lot of attention. Like what? What's going on here? This is strange.


This Is strange. And you're getting mad if I fuck it up and call you Harry. Well that's the weirdest part of all of it is like, you can't like be mad at someone. Right. Especially if it's an honest mistake's. Like well it's Thing. That's why I was saying thanks ma'am. That's what I'm saying. The internet is such a bad place for it because it, everyone has such balls. Everyone's a keyboard warrior on the internet. Even people that are like, You know, You know bleeding heart liberals and people that are looking to, You know, You know, know they just, they find a place to go and have this voice. Back in the day, if you were trans and you were like a man That was dressing up as a woman and you wanted to get mad at somebody about it, you had to get in their fucking face. It wasn't gonna happen. You And if you went to the village in New York City, they did, they did get in your face beat up aggressive back then. Then you Get beat up in the West Village by a trans chick.


Well what's the one? That's why I loved the, That was the GameStop video, right? Yeah. That the one That was the famous one, right. Where it was like, it's mam. Yeah, that's it. Stop calling me sir. And then it's Like, It's a, that's not how MAMs talk bro. A GameStop nerd. Just going like, okay, sir. Like it, like start kicking over PlayStations. See that's the problem that women are having is that these men who decide that they're women are now invent. They're entering into these places that are just women's only and women's events and women's things. And they're dominating like men do. It was one of the very, it's nuts. It was one of the very few points that I've had like seeing that other side of it that I didn't for a long time. So kinda recently is like the, the argument in sports is almost like, oh, they're gonna dominate and kick ass and You know, it's basically a guy beating up a girl in this fight and all those things.


But then it was, There was the scholarship thing. I don't know why that never dawned on me before. It's like, no, these girls are like, no, I was gonna be like the number one recruit outta my school for sure. Yeah. And then this girl came in and made my me look like I'm terrible because she's six foot five and You know, 35 pounds more than me. Yeah, it's nuts. You're letting people cheat you. You literally, there's a reason why Title IX was invented. It was invented so that women could be able to compete with other women. And you can't have an exemption for that just based on feelings. 'cause it's not about feelings. It's about fairness in sports. And the only way to make it fair is if you're an intact biological male, you have to compete against intact biological males.


Yeah. It's just, you could still call yourself Debbie, get on aisle four. Debbie, you're, you're in lane four, you're competing against Mark and Steve. You Have a, This is, fuck, we're not children. Here's just, We're not a there rational. That's, there's no rational sect of the trans community. I don't know if I've ever heard someone in the trans community come out and agree with that sentiment. It's like, Oh yeah, nobody shouldn't be, oh no, no, no. They're Blair White. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Blair White. And there's a bunch, there's a bunch of people who are trans who are like basically come out and say like, look, I know I'm not a woman. I know I'm a man. Yeah. We shouldn't be, we shouldn't be around kids. We shouldn't be competing in women's sports. There's, there's a decent amount Of, we shouldn't be around kids at all. Blair White goes, goes to these, these events where like trans people and she, she gets like called a Nazi and kicked out.


Yep. Because She's, well she's highly handled with a huge cock. That was a sculpture That was there away. No, I think she's gone through the, the whole thing. That's the, it's like one day they're gonna be able to manipulate chromosomes where you're not gonna ever have to worry about that again. They're, they're gonna be able to change you to a woman. They're gonna actually be able to do it. I don't know if they're gonna be able to do it to us, but some somebody's lifetime from the, in the future there's gonna be people that Are like, what do mean? What do you mean? You know how people are like serial divorcees that be getting married and divorced. There's gonna people that go back and forth, man, a woman, man a woman. They're just gonna be pigs. They're just gonna be dirty, greedy pigs that just want to fuck and get fucked and just do Five years.


I Fucked myself last week instead Of saying That was a whore or like a, like a womanizer. He goes, I goes, I was a bit of a woman in my twenties and then I did my thirties as a guy. Yeah. Some women are gonna be looking for men who've only been men the whole time. Fucking You know, shit that's really weird is you get teenagers that like they change and then a few years later they're like, Oh yeah, it was a phase. Of course. Especially these poor girls that are getting mastectomies. No, My goth it making a choice of goth at one point. Yeah, Exactly. You had eyeliner tattooed in your eye when you were 16. The crazy thing is you don't let 'em get tattooed but you will let 'em get gender alternating surgery, which is just bananas. Is that happening by the way? Gender affirming? Excuse me? Gender affirming surgery?


Not a lot. Not a lot of surgeries. Under 18. There is a lot. And when I say a lot, I think tens of thousands of a, there's like the chemical shit, like the all of it dude there. Puberty, blockers. There's Plenty of girls that are getting mastectomies very young. There's photographs of them. If you're doing that before you're an adult, you don't know what the fuck you're doing. It's insane. It's insane. It's, It's insane. It's just nuts. People agreeing to it just to be kind. Look, there's also a real debate with surgeries like that about whether that should be allowed even after you're an adult and like, I'm not, I'm not even saying allowed Should be allowed. Shouldn't Steve o be allowed to get fake tits if he wants to sh But listen, I'm not even saying Outta that though. Yeah, he got outta that. Yeah. He's not doing That was even Too much it I think he thought it was dangerous.


Yeah, It was retarded. Well you also have to cut the muscle on a dude. I think it, All I'm saying is there's, yeah, that's tough. You have to go up in there. It's gotta pump out. Yeah. I don't think He, I think Steve made the right call. I Think, I mean, So it would've been a great bit. But I would left. But I think that's the only way it would've stuck out. 'cause You know, I don't think he has enough tissue in the front. Yeah. To give You like a traditional, regular type boob job. Alright, I'll Do it. He goes, Damn. But my point is like, Next man up. If you're A grown woman and you're 40 years old, you decide to get your boobs removed. Who the fuck am I to say? You shouldn't be able to do that. No. Listen, I kind of, I look I'm a libertarian, I tend to agree with you. But if there's, if There was a doctor and you asked them to just like remove my fully functioning left arm 'cause I identify as a right.


One-armed person or whatever, and doctors were like, no I'm not. I'm unwilling to like perform a surgery on you. Well, I mean they do you, would they do boob jobs? I I'm just saying isn, so many elective surgeries that they, Well there's an elective preventative surgery that a lot of women do if they think they have that gene for breast cancer. That's What Joey Did. Right? That's a little different. Okay. Steve O was supposed to level of PR you said, but the person in the supermarket spoke to Steve o about the level of oppression that the trans people face in a pretty heartbreaking way. Which made him realize, wow, maybe it's on all fun and games after this fear to stunt would seem like an exercise in celebrating violence against trans people. And he decided to call it off. Oh. So that's why he called it off.


I thought it was just, this is Insane. I'll tell you what. Well I don't think I have a feeling. He was like, I don't wanna do this. But then you can really get outta it by doing, making a nice speech. Like that's pretty great. That would be a good move because otherwise you're gonna ruin your tits forever. And then you'd have to go under another time to get 'em removed. And then you'd always have scars on your, your tits and your 50 When someone goes, when someone, someone you're afraid to fight says they're gonna fight you after school and you go, it just, what's the, when did we break the cycle of violence? He was Gonna dress up and go to a biker rally. I guess That was part of it. Oh he, he get, he thought he would get a crazy reaction out of a motorcycle riders who were checking me out before realizing who I, who he was. I would've considered to be better footage if I was to be beaten up at the motorcycle rally.


He said, You know, but the thing is like you could get fake tits put on you by prosthetic people. Yeah. The same people that did like the penguin. You ever see, what's his name? The handsome fella? Colin Fer Ferrell. Colin Ferrell. It's crazy. The handsome fella. Right. They made him look disgusting for the penguin. Like the Yeah, they can give you tits bro. You don't have to get 'em. Yeah. And it'll look indistinguishable. Yeah. And it's the same fucking stunt Marilyn Manson. But though that's a painting isn't it? That Was a Prosthetic. No, but it's also, you didn't have, Is that something anywhere? Well look, no cock either. Some shit. Do You know there's people that are doing that. What? They're just getting castrated. 'cause people want to be nulls, they wanna be nothing. Is that a real thing? Oh yeah, it's a real thing. But Isn't that essentially what someone gets the surgery is doing?


Well they're trying to get a hole. Yeah. They don't want, they want, this is just like they become like, they just want unsolid from doing thrones. Exactly. They want no, no cock, no balls, no nothing. How do you pee? Let's, let's go champ. Don't have to pee. What's your rules? Little hole. Piss out a little piss hole. It's probably keep a little fucking bandaid over it for most of the day. I don't know. Have a little quirk you put in it, But I, You know, I don't want you to do that. But if you're, you're an American, I feel like you should have the freedom to do something stupid. Yeah. You know I'm covered in tattoos. You want to get your dick chopped off. Who the fuck am I to tell you by the it's, But you're never gonna hear a thing where someone goes, you cut your dick off. He goes, best thing I ever did. Probably not, but some people just don't wanna hear around. Well There was that like pain Olympics thing back in the day where the guys would mutilate their cocks and you're like, what do you, I mean you only got one shot to slice your dick.


Like that's It. I saw plenty of those videos where guys just chop the head of their dicks off with knives. You like, It's insane. It's like you, you get, I mean, how good is that orgasm? You get it one time ever. I Don't even think they're orgasm and they're soft. They're not slicing into a hard dick. They'd bleed out How good. I Just spray just fucking Spray. Alright Joe, suffering science to the some conversation we're having. You imagine, what a terrible time to get your dick chopped off. How Good is the chop? Full glass guys grip their dicks. They have sex and then their dicks. Oh Yeah, I've heard of that. Will bend down Peyronie's disease. An enthusiastic young lady might get a little bubbly on the top. Damn. And then let it slip a little and taint slam you. Ugh. How can they not tell Like Anderson Silva shin, How can these ladies not tell that they're at the end of the dick when they're jumping up so hard?


It's Crazy. They're having a good time, Jay. They're having a good time. But You know, we're walking on. I know, I know. When we're on the tightrope, when we're walking that tightrope, the the come up are coming up too high on her. You like, hang, hang on. I, I've had it happen a few times where ba but I mean obviously nothing. No real injury. She might have been with that high Hitler dude before you. She Used to A little bit of travel and her suspension. It's like, nah, we got plenty of time. Can't argue That she wants that raptor type travel. Boom. Boom. She wants some fucking, some lift. You should have that thing like on the back of your car where it's like b you guys we're getting close. We're getting close here. Just Have some sort of a strapping system. You know, where You like, like you're spotting her. It's like cinch Her Down. Okay, we've got this much travel.


That's it. Don't get crazy. So if we're gonna agree to dog this you savage trying to break my dick. I wish my what A terrible way to break your dick too. I wish My dick was big enough to break. Damn it. There's a girl out there right now and go. I could break it. I'll break that. I'll break that. Copyright an f break That fucking angry little Bitch. Guys, while we have a lull, can I talk to you about my new propulsion system? Jamie, the PowerPoint presentation please. It is so funny coming into this room and thinking of all the things I've watched that made such, like whether it be the Cat Williams thing or fucking, I mean That was wild. The the one I just said.


Terrence Howard. Oh Yeah, I thought That was, Oh yeah, Terrance Howard one's very interesting. He's a very, very smart guy. He just doesn't have a formal education in this stuff. So like when I had Brett Weinstein on the, excuse me, Eric Weinstein on the podcast, Eric sort of explained to him the things that he's getting wrong and explained to him, you gotta stop teaching. You gotta stop saying you're teaching people. This is a very offensive to people like myself. It's like an actual super genius. And he's like, he's, I mean, but they were talking about like crazy equations and he was explaining the equations to him and he is like, do you understand how to read this? I was like having him go over the equation. So it was very interesting. So Terrance is like this super smart guy that's way smarter than anybody around him. But then the really super smart guys who are actually super smart guys who are educated about it, they don't engage with him.


And so Eric was like, let me just talk to this dude. I think he's one of us who's just gone astray. Just a brilliant guy who hasn't actually gotten the correct education in Stuff. Well, I, I like when he was doing, he goes, well then Joe, you have to understand because the, the fontes that were, it was like words that I don't think were, they were things maybe they were, I think some of them were things, but others, they're things that he invented. Like he, So you can name whatever you want. Yeah. What is the, the this the invention of the flying. What does he call them again when all those little components move together and it creates like he's got this God, why? It's at the tip of my tongue linchpin.


So this thing that he created, it's like these, they're like geometric shapes and they fit into each other and each one of 'em has a fan in the circle of it. And through this thing as a drone, it can move like in any direction. It's this very bizarre. And Weinstein was looking at it like, this is a very legit invention. Like, you came up with this. That's crazy. Like see, see if you can find the videos of it. And so it's, it's also, it could add more to it. It's not like a one single shape. So they connect into each other and you can keep adding more and more to it and give it more power and more Maneuver building. What's the, what's the utility for it? It's drones.


It's like you could, you could have a drone that moves concrete bars. I mean concrete blocks. You could, you could have a, a drone that moves railroad ties and they could fly 'em through the air. It's scalable. So this is the small version of it in operation. And it's all, all of those things that you see those little geometric patterns, they're all individuals. Individuals. And you can keep piling 'em on top of that and connect it and you can make 'em larger and smaller. It's a, it's a fascinating idea. And this is the dude was an iron man Fucking hustle And flow. I mean, just like in His spare time he just came up With this. Yeah. And he's got like some crazy amount of patents. Man. The dude has like, what is it, 90 something patents.


He has something crazy. But this is all like his invention And he's a formal education. Very not to the level of like an an Eric Weinstein, which is really all these people that are actually working on stuff. The generally they have, You know, depending upon what the discipline is. They have a long education in traditional universities and he's kind of like a self-taught genius. Nah, No. Genius is man. He he's, he's crazy smart. He's just, he's not like, he's gotta hang out with more people like him, You know, You know what I mean? Like he's, he is too smart for anybody.


He knows this Was, this is what Right. He needs more Eric Weinstein. He need more Dave Smith a few years ago, same thing. Well I was on the episode after the first time you had him on and the episode with him was just insane. I mean it was like the biggest thing on the internet. Yeah. And almost 100% of the comments on my episode. The next one were, we want more Terrence Howard. Enough of this. Dave, where's your system? A Piece of shit fun man. He's fun. It's fun. David, Dave, can you invent an Uber to get into and get the fuck outta here? I did. It doesn't go to the right address, But I did invent an Uber. Yeah, it's, it's fun. Those things are fun.


Yeah. It's fun to, to hear people like come up with these wacky theories and like his, but he has some great ideas man. And one of them is the idea that all the planets are coming from like stuff that's jettisoned off the sun. Like his theory about the creation of solar systems is very bizarre. And it's really interesting is he thinks that a planet gets to a certain distance after a certain amount of time from the sun where it can develop life. And then that life evolves as quickly as it can because it's gonna eventually over the next a hundred million, 200 million years, it's gonna be further and further and further out the space. And you, it's not gonna be habitable anymore. So you're gonna have to figure out a way to make your own environment or you're gonna perish.


And every planet goes through a transitionary period. It's called peeing. When a planet gets to a certain distance, these hominids start figuring out things and figuring out tools and engines and civilization and agriculture and then electronics. And then they have to get to a point where they realize like, this planet keeps moving away from the sun. We are fucked. We have to figure out artificial environments. We have to figure out interstellar travel. We have to figure out how to fucking planet populate other worlds. So that's where we're at right Now. We're, we're like a hundred thousand years away from it being a problem. This is brought to us by Terrence fucking power. Yeah. But his theory about planets is fascinating because nobody really knows why planets are formed. How the, You know, there's a distance from the sun.


You could figure there's a thing called Bo's law you could figure out roughly by the size of one planet when another planet's gonna exist. And that's where they look. His voice is too cool to be a nerd. That's why I think the problem, the disconnect I have is right. He's like, come on Joe, it's simple too. Cool. Two handsome Plus nitrogen makes everything fly. He does that thing where especially 'cause most of us aren't people who even think about this stuff. So then when he's saying it, like when he was saying the whole thing when he was on with you about how the periodic table shouldn't be squares, it should be circle. And he had like a really good argument for it. And I remember just being like, that does sound really impressive. Weinstein Agrees with him. Well that's What the thing is then like when you see someone like Eric Weinstein go like, Oh yeah, he's got a good point about this. You're like, wait, seriously? Yeah, he's nailing it.


Alright. He, He's fucking, You know the Tyson, he's fucking Genius man. Terrance Howard is fucking genius. He, he's just, sometimes guys are too smart for everybody around them and they just get off on the wrong track. Yeah. And if you're used to being the smartest guy in the room and then all of a sudden you're talking to a guy who's like spooky smart, it's, You know, it's a little unsettling. It's like, You know a guy who tells you he's a comic, You know, he is telling everybody he's a comic. Hey Mike is a comic. Mike works down the, and then you meet Mike and you're like, how long have you been doing comedy? Well I've done a couple open mic nights. You're like, oh okay, okay. You're not really a comic. Right, right. You never, you're not making a living. Like you're not an actual, you're not getting paid. Well I don't have any money for Terrance Howard and his projects. I gave it all to Eddie Winslow from Family Matters to clean up the ocean machine he's building.


There was a kid that's cleaning up the ocean. What's that kid's name? Buoyant slot. You ever seen that machine? He's invented? His name is Buoyant. Buoyant. Oh. I was going like, that's funny. That's so On the news. His name is WaveRunner Johnson. I never even Thought of that dude. You said it. That's hilarious. I've even had him on the show Buoyant slot. He was like 19 when he invented this. He invented this gigantic skimmer that's been scoop and stop off the ocean. And then they, they turn the plastic into like sunglasses and shit, which will eventually find their way back in the ocean. Sure. That's for A little bit. They make, they make stuff which will find their way to landfills. That's Really crazy dude. 19 to super Fucking smart. Like spooky smart kid just said, this is what I wanna dedicate my life to see.


If you get a video of how they do it, it's pretty wild. But they've already cleaned up a significant amount and they, they have this proposal to make and scale the thing up and make it huge. And they think they can clean up the whole garbage patch within the next decade or so. It's incredible. It's nuts, but it's nuts that the fucking thing existed. And plastic's only been around for like how long? A hundred years. Yeah. And we already have a Texas sized chunk of it sitting in the middle of the fucking ocean. Yeah. People are great. The best. I know people also make things that young and get this kind of thing. I feel like they're late later in life. Lash shadows when it ends up being crazy. Oh Yeah. It's gonna be all coca Hookers. They gave, yeah, they gave up all their fun stuff. So then it just says too wild afterwards.


Right. He's gonna get all that eco pussy too. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know, once you shave those bitches down, there's usually something hot under there. It's Usually the kind of gals that are willing to throw paint on statues And Glue themselves to the floor. You know, no more oil. So this is just all sitting in the ocean. Yeah. So he scoops all this stuff out with each run of this. And this is just, You know, one haul and they just continue to do this and then they crane it and pack it and, and turn it into different objects and stuff. And you could buy that stuff. That's fine. It's a good thing. I mean there's 3D Printing environment, but goes great. And he becomes a, like a, a cokehead partier A little bit later.


Or he's so, You know, he dies like a whale atu like while he was helping Right. Clean up the thing. I was watching this thing on Singapore and how well Singapore recycles. It's incredible. Singapore takes all of their garbage. They pick it up like multiple times. They have this insane facility where they sort it out. They find out what's plastic? What's this, what's that? They, they use the plastic and they figure out some way to use it to, to, to make power, to generate power by burning it. And they have this insane filtration system that stops it from polluting the air and then they take it and they grind a lot of this stuff down and they use it to make roads with it. And they, they recycle everything.


Isn't That, isn't our recycling bullshit? Bullshit. I remember reading about years ago that r recycling is all this piss Bullshit and piss me off every time I put stuff into my recycling it makes me so angry. 'cause I, I read like 10% of it gets actually recycled. Yeah. We thought We were good. People we're just getting scammed. It's getting scammed to buy a fucking blue dumpster. What is the point of it though? What is, what is the whole scam? I don't understand why scam Who do it scam is it's too expensive to to convert. Like Singapore does it. There was rich guy sitting on a bunch of blue garbage cans. See if you can find something on how Singapore does it. I know I saved it if you want me to find it. You're saying they do a good job. Incredible. They fucking recycle everything. They, they, they have like this insanely efficient way of taking the plastic and reutilizing it and using it to like fill streets and, and pave roads and build things.


And they're, they're using all of it. Whereas we're not. We're just fucking sticking it in the ground. Somebody else will figure it out. We'll cover it up with dirt. Singapore looks like it's made of Legos. It's just plastic everywhere. It's pretty nuts man. No, it's pretty beautiful. They also polluted the ocean with that fucking beautiful plane. Yeah, that's right. Oh Yeah. Human beings are fucking weird. We are weird. Do you remember how much you used to litter back in the day in the nineties? Dude, I would fucking, anytime I had like a, a Coca-Cola cup, I'd just throw it right out the window. I didn't give A shit. Full Bags, bags, full bags of trash on the highway side. So It used to be a big problem. So they used to have a big trash problem apparently.


And that's what led them to this insane like, super efficient version of recycling and super thorough, pretty interesting Shit man. Waste generated. Oh we're, we're making a lot of waste. Yeah, We make plenty of waste son. That's what America does. Motherfuckers. If you don't Like it, you can move to China. Yeah, we Must before you get my we must piss and shit. Yeah, so they take it and they burn it and that burning it is what powers electricity. It's like, it's really insanely efficient. And then again they, they use it for all kinds of stuff, but the point is they utilize all the trash and that's what we're supposed to be doing. But there's a bunch of knuckleheads, the same knuckleheads that are in charge of the homeless and the homelessness just keeps growing and they need more, we need more funds to deal with this issue that we can't deal with.


It's the same fucking thing. If we, if you had private companies that were incentivized to collect all the plastic and that they could take that plastic and use it for all kinds of things and and that's right. Yeah. All You gotta do is set up the incentives and human beings figure it out. All you gotta do is go, if you solve this problem, you can become a billionaire and then some genius will figure it out to become a billionaire. Isn't that interesting? We're not willing to give the private sector access to garbage so much, so much that will let them pretend they're recycling and just stick stuff in the ground that's plastic because it's not cost effective to turn it into things. Can Sanitation be one of the last mafia run businesses?


Well It's run by a section of the government. Right. But it's like if you were competing against Singapore, you would lose Okay if like one city was run by Singapore if like Chicago was run by Singapore but Detroit was run by people who do it right now. And you gotta figure out which, which way is better for the city, which way looks better, which way is more efficient? Which way actually like creates less overall waste 'cause you just recycle it and reuse it and it actually works as an asset and in a commodity. Wouldn't that be better? Like if somebody could do it, you could do it, but the problem is there's no fucking incentive. There's Probably so much infrastructure within all of these. Like it's just been however many years that we've been having this system of, of sanitation that it's like to try to change that in any sort of like abrupt way is like insane.


What do you even do? I remember There was a landfill near my house. We would go like, we would like ride our bikes down to the train tracks and find the landfill and it was just piles and piles and piles of garbage. It's basically the modern version of what it was like to live in a city with horses. Shit in the streets. Yeah. Yeah. It's like a mild version of it, Which wasn't like much thought put into like the down the road times. Now it's just with weird. Not only that it gets into the water, You know, and you just dump a bunch of shit on the ground like that you, You know, you're allowed to have a place where you just fill it in. What, what, what, how, what what about the water that's running under that? Like what happens there? Liquid death. Yeah. Heavy. Be metal water Comes liquid death. Water. They, They, they, Yeah.


There's like so much fucked up in how we do things and, and not course correcting. But I I mean is it, so with the recycling thing, is it just designed to fine us for not recycling and create more revenue streams? I Think initially they have this idea that that's what they were gonna do. That they were gonna recycle things and they do recycle bottles and they do recycle cans because it's cost effective. The problem with plastic, it's not cost effective to recycle. So 90% of it or something in the range of that gets thrown in the ground. They just put it in the dirt, which is the fucking worst. Like why are you making me separate garbage? If you just get, can I just put plastic? Can we just admit and I'll just put plastic bottles in the garbage now. 'cause that's what I've been doing. I kind of gave up, I gave up on your little bullshit charade.


I'm not gonna be a part of this if I know you're not doing it. Well There is. I see like they, there's like a rule follow for a while. Like people, it's so funny to, I just kind of see the results But I don't know what the actual fight is. Like sometimes in New York there's plastic bags everywhere and then one time they'll tell you goes no, they're completely illegal now plastic. And then the Oh Yeah, you could only plastic Bags. Bags. They Wanna kill The trees in New York. Well during the pandemic they, they kind of, because it was, they made that law maybe six months before the pandemic and they were like, no more plastic bags, only paper. And then the pandemic hit and they were like, alright, we need to figure out priorities here. And then they started using plastic bags again. But in New Jersey you have to, when I go to ShopRite, I have to pay for new reusable bags every time.


They no longer give even paper. Now I got Bunch of, I'm never gonna recycle. They're good for lighting fires. The paper ones wanna start a little fire. You fireplace hot? Yeah. Crumple up some little paper bags. Stick it under there. It is like at the airport they'll do that with the big paper bags and they charge you for the, for the paper bags. It's stuff like You like bags. Were always free. Do You know I existed for 30 years on this planet of bags being free. I Think it just makes you think about it like every time, well one out of every a hundred people remember to bring their own shopping bags. What type of fucking nerd shopping bags. Your own shopping bags. Fucking Dork. Paper bags are good man. But I girlfriend Kill.


I said to my girlfriend bunch to the store when she's been like, oh, let's go and well wait. I'm gonna run back to the apartment. I forgot to get the the bags. We're gonna buy a new, I'm not walking Your bags. You know what the biggest scam going is the paper bag industry. Because they should all be hemp paper bags. If they were all hemp paper bags, they would be a hundred times better. They'd be so much stronger. You wouldn't have to chop down a tree to do it. You chop down a stalk of a plant that doesn't even make weed. You know they, they have 'em where they don't, there's no THC in 'em at all. And you make gigantic fucking chunks of this paper that's almost indestructible. It's so different. You could barely tear It.


Is it cheaper? No. Sure. It would be cheaper if you had the infrastructure Because you could re You, like I say, if you have an acre of trees and you chop 'em down, it's gonna be fucking years for you can chop down the new ones that you plant afterwards. It takes forever for them to grow. But hemp, you can redo it every fucking few months. Yeah, they, that shit grows like a weed. Wasn't it a big part of why like weed was made illegal? 'cause they didn't want the competition from hemp or something like that. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. It was William Randolph Hearst. Right? He was the reefer madness guy. He along with Harry an slinger. They demonize it as a commodity. If we, if we had like true freedom in terms of like use the best plants to do stuff, that would be one of the number one.


Forget about the weed argument. The number one thing is hemp. It's so much better paper. Right? It's almost, it's it's Like, it, it's really strong. Like in a weird way. Like if you have a piece of hemp paper, you're like, what the fuck man? But hemps legal now, right? Everywhere. Just on paper. It's clothing. It's, It was, it's been suppressed for so fucking long that the infrastructure's not really available to compete with like regular paper or to compete with, I mean they're making hemp clothes. It's sort of a, an oddity. That was Always like a hemp thing. Like if you could find like even har har Woody Harold was real big on hemp for a long time. Yeah He was. It's way better. There's a, a company called T they make hemp ge. They're the best GE man. Yeah. They don't rip cotton.


Geese rip. They rip all these hemp ge are like indestructible. The only thing that gives out on them is this. The threads give out. I feel like you don't want to get caught in a hemp. Gee choke though. I'd much rather just like a regular gee than a hemp. Gee. Like Dude, I forgot to tell The only keys that rip are old ones. Man. You know, regular. Regular gee will fuck you up. I read a thing about spider silk earlier today as we're talking about like materials. Apparently spider silk is like one of the most strong. Like if they actually they make Oh yeah. They make actual clothing and like garments out of it and it's like, I Believe that 'cause spider get caught in one of, one string of it and it's like on you for five minutes. Can't get it off You like, ew. Ew. Imagine That was clothes Are made As thick as like a power line.


It's One fifth as thick as a human hair or one 10th as thick as a human hair. And they, they, There was the, a team of guys who spent five years, like I don dunno milking spiders, but they were like using, they were getting the silk outta these spiders and they made this like big fucking gown with it. And it was, I don't know one, Well, You know, there's a thing they're trying to do. Okay. They're saying the human side silk is used to make bulletproof clothing. There's a thing they're trying to do now though, where they're trying to make human skin and You know how they can kind of splice genetics together. They wanna make human skin that is made with this gene for this spider silk. So see if you can find that.


So what, what they're trying to, this is How you end up in a superhero movie. Man. We Never literally developed Bulletproof. Remember he becomes spider. I mean this right now it's theoretical, but if you think about what they're gonna be able to do medically just in the next decade or two. Yeah. Especially with the AI stuff that's coming on. Oh, That's the scary shit. It's a scary shit. Yeah. As soon as they start integrating humans with that stuff, they're gonna come up with all sorts of solutions to all sorts of problems. And one of 'em is gonna be non bulletproof skin instead of stopping crime, we're gonna just like make everybody mandatory. Just like you get vaccinated, everybody's gonna have to get bulletproof skin so we don't have to worry about gun violence anymore. It, that doesn't work anymore. We're just Shooting each other in the head. Like Wolverine. We're gonna evolve through Technology.


We can't afford bulletproof skin. We're gonna all look like turtles. We're Already there. Joe Ninja Turtles in the future, we're all gonna be like covered with armor And It'll be just wild kingdom out there in the streets every day is a fucking street takeover. Philadelphia. Yeah. Philadelphia Street takeover. Maybe that's how we get outta this. You know, like humans had to figure out a opposable thumbs to be able to throw spears. Maybe we, maybe at one point in time we have to just grow armor. We're not gonna fix this problem of violence. It would be pretty badass. Yeah. To just have your, especially if you're the first human with it. Like if you get to be the first one who's got armor? Well Like for real, how the fuck did a turtle become a turtle?


How long did that take? And what the fuck was going on? I'm guessing a, I think it was a, A rat found him in the sewers. Him in karate. Let's see, I won him at a carnival. But think of all the animals that are so vulnerable and this one motherfucker goes, You know what, I got an idea. And somehow or another over the course of who knows how many fucking million years, it becomes a goddamn turtle. And it's such a good design. It has changed in Forever. You see the videos of like alligators and crocodiles just fucking smashing through turtles just like a cookie. Salt water. Crocs crushing them up like they're nothing. Oh really? Yeah. Oh it's so disgusting. It's Brutal. Yeah. See if you can find a video that, but I've Checked to the bulletproof skin was a story from 2012. Yeah. It was an project with an artist.


I don't know that they were actually ever trying To do this. That's a fucking CIA cover. I couldn't Find it. I couldn't find Anything new. They're gonna cover Jason B with Bulletproof Skin first and they're gonna say Jesus Christ. That's Jason bor bulletproof skin for this project. Oh, Genis Kahan wanted it. Of course he wanted it. The legendary emperor said to have issued his horseman with silk vests as an arrow hitting silk does not break it, but ends up embedded in the flesh. Wrapped in silk. Interesting. Wow. So the silk was so strong that the arrows would just go into your skin through this and you wouldn't get hit. It's like a Kevlar. So you, you would, you'd still get fucked up but you wouldn't get full penetration.


It wouldn't penetrate. Wow. But it silk. That's crazy. I buy you a silk shirt and shoot you with an arrow. That was crazy. Those arrows Soaked Those Broadheads Soaked. Yeah. Joe Rogan could fucking shoot somebody with a a silk shirt on. You could not do that today. Yeah, there's a different, I don't know what kind of silk they had, but a modern day broadhead, those things are horrifying. Well I don't understand it, but it can't just be like a silk T-shirt. They had to have some type of thick silk even for arrows back then. What was It? Yeah, it must have been really thick. 'cause they were powerful bows too, especially the Mongols. The Mongols had these insane bows that took like 160 pounds to draw back and they were famous for like when they looked at their skeletons, their their bones, the one side of their body was like deformed because they were pulling like with the right arm their whole life.


Right. So their whole spine and everything is cont. They have like giant bones and their shoulders and arms like their whole body developed to pull this fucking insane bow back. So that kind of a bow has crazy power behind it with this bullshit homemade arrow and these fucking whatever kind of heads they were using back Then, dude, that would suck to put all that effort into pulling the bow and then silk takes it out. Oh my god, I did that for nothing. I got beat by silk. I wonder if it would've work with their bows. I wonder if That was just for the enemy's bows because the Mongols were, they were so advanced militarily, which is really bizarre that this like one dude's group who likes to live in tents decide to literally take over the fucking world and would've done it.


Got pretty close. Yeah. They Killed 10% of the people on the fucking planet during his lifetime. All people like that always have weird facial hair. There is however little historical basis to this. What is it? The silk shirt claim. Oh, okay. You like the claim shirt. Hey Jamie Q. Stop making us look like assholes. At every chance. Chance bring up thing that tells me I was wrong from front to back. There is however little historical basis, no primary source can be found containing the statement. The earliest mention of it in relation to the Mongols comes from Michael Dens, 1934 Dashing Khan. Dear Storm, Aus Isen den. Did I get that right? Eager to give Mongols every technological edge over their foes appears to have assumed the Mongols as a warrior race would only have worn silk for military purposes.


And But is there any historical depictions of silk stopping arrows? See if you could find that when I was, maybe the Mongols didn't do it. Maybe it was like a theory. This, the AI from Google says that they were silk under clothes to help prevent blood loss from arrows. And that they had armor That was sewn together with silk. But There was some sort of Plates that Makes much more silk. So it's like, yeah, under the armor being by God, just Like the, the Samurai outfits, they have these Plates. Meh. Right, Right. And they have the mesh under the plate so they can move around. We have one of those samurai outfits out there. It's a real one from the 18 hundreds. Really? It's freaky. It's freaky to think these dudes just, Joe, How to use this time machine to go get it.


You can buy them. Took a long time on it actually got, for me as a gift, takes a, you have to, it's like a pain in the ass to get it over here. I'd imagine that's a tough thing to buy. Yeah, It's a weird thing through A museum buy We talked about. Talked about doing. So they do these like medieval fights, like it's almost like MMA and like medieval gear. Yeah. We talked about doing it at Skank Fest. But to ship the armor to Vegas from wherever they were, it would be so expensive. We'd have to it. It would be, it would make more sense to drive it out in a van. Just like with a team of people. You've seen those Russian videos where those guys beat the fuck out of each other with sword. Yeah, That's what it's, yeah. Dude, Don't do that Lewis. I can't believe I have to tell you. Don't, don't do that. Please Don't do that. Got armor, dude. Yeah, and I got A sword Bro. Bro, you're gonna get hit in the head with a sword. You're gonna forget all your jokes.


No, it's all right. I got, It's not fresh. I Don imagine. Don't bitch a Sword weighs. No, I got him a, I got him a spider silk hat. He's fine. Even if you have that helmet on, imagine how much I've fucking sword weighs and his hit you in the head. Well the armor is like 120 pounds. 130 pounds. Just To How much would you need around your head to let someone hit you in the head with a sword? I need a lot more than that side. Yeah, More than That. A lot more Than that. Oh, that'd be fun though, Bro. You get a shield to the head, you're getting CT motherfuck e you can pretend that you're protected. You are not protected from that rattle son. Jesus. Lewis. Lewis. Do you, do you still remember your jokes? Look At the dents in that guy's helmet where he is got hit in the head with a fucking sword.


M1 medieval that says, yeah, Permission fucking rules. And they're doing it live for what I would describe as not that many people. Yeah. 45 people in grave. Well I know, but if I went to this I would go home and I go, I can't believe there's only 45 people in this thing. This is the coolest thing I've ever seen. You ever have a giant Turkey leg and a giant goblet? Gosh, they got everything. Renaissance Fair. They got the dark game where you can win the animal. Bro, this is crazy. I'm Going back. Look at this. He's on top of. Yeah, dude. Beating Him with his shield. Oh my god. This is a weapon he's beating with his weapon That night. That's insane, man. That night had really good top control, Bro. That guy got Are you okay? Fucked up. Shit. Fucked up that Are You okay? Y That kinda weight dropping down on your head with that big ass fucking shield.


And look At this virgin. He's gonna take his helmet off. Hell. Hello. Hi guys. Thank you everybody. You also have to take into Account, It is a play they're performing for you. You gotta take into account the weight of all that armor on his arm and how much more that's driving down the, the impact of it. Right, right, right. Yeah. Just coming down. Yeah, all that weight. 'cause it's all covered in steel. And then he has this big ass fucking shield and it's steel gloves on and he's coming down in your head with that over and over and over again. You think that's Terrible idea. More dangerous than MMA? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man, that guy got, Mike got a real fucked up, like a different kind of like a crack skull type Fucked up. They Fed him to a dragon afterwards. I mean that could, that like, seems like that could kill somebody like that. That doesn't seem like even with armor on, I don't believe that you can be okay from getting hit like that in the head.


Well Also all the shit from like from the NFL is Like it. Like the helmet doesn't really matter. 'cause if you're, when it's cracking against your head and you're rattling around, it's Still, how good could that helmet be where you let a dude with a shield and an iron not good enough fucking sleeve on slam down on your head over and over and over again that could crack your skull. I Agree with you. At the same I don the slapbox with an MMA person s. Yeah dude. Well that's, there's no way that's good for you. I would do that over power slap any day of the week. Oh yeah. Would you? Oh, Oh my God. Look at these guys have fucking axes. This one. This is what wanna do. This is so insane. This is so fucking insane. Lewis let's me and you play this again with spears.


Let's go dude. Wrong ax. Here's the thing, I gotta run to the bathroom. Don't do this. You too. And I do wanna watch a full pay-per-view of this now. It does Look great. This does rule. Here's the thing. If you allow these guys to have no armor, dudes would sign up If you decided you're gonna have a full sword fight version of this with no armor, guys would show up, look at the punches with a fucking bikini on ready to slice you up. If we decided one day if some crazy country, some fucking warlord dictator type dude decided to have actual sword fights with no armor on, dudes would do it. There's there's enough psychotic men out there That was up That was jumping to Something. Yeah, There was Do it. There was back in the day, There was, we used to watch felony fights, dude.


Oh yeah. And those guys would ha they would give the two guys nunchucks, like just beat the shit outta each other in a parking lot. And just two fucking Mexican guys wailing on each other. I Remember this Mexican dude people, dude fucked this white dude up. And he, he was a good boxer and he cracked him and knocked him out. And then when he got him on the ground, he kept dropping knees on his unconscious head. Oh. He was like, You know that one? Oh yeah. When he was breathing like crazy. It was really horrible. Oh, God was Horrible. It was horrible. Yeah. The sound like Seizing up and shit. Like I was listening to Howard Stern the other day. It was an old one where they were talking the people that were good Old Days. The, yeah. The people that were trying to get on like the, the one way trip to Mars they were gonna try to do it was from the years like 2012. And they said it wasn't gonna go until 2020 something.


Which I don't think it ever ended up happening, but like, like There was, they said it was thousands of people were trying to get on that mission One way trip to die on Mars. Yeah. Yeah. Thousands. Oh, to die. Yeah. But I said it, it had to be whittled down by the way, it's being whittled down to like 16 people. So it was not a lot of people, but they was like, Oh yeah, you had to go through. And it's like how many doctors and all kind. It's pretty crazy. Like how much people are willing to do some Shit. Nutty. People broke. There's a lot of people out there that want to end it. This is the guy that wanna be null. They said For sure you, they said, well, not for sure. But they said odds are you definitely will never make it to Mars. And if you get there it'll, it's like, is everything just kinda like, you're probably gonna die en route? It takes, You are always gonna have people that wanna sign up for that kind of stuff.


Yeah. Just Like, whatever the thing is. There was like, remember back in the day There was a big thing in New York in the nineties, there were bug chasers. It was like a sect of the gay community. Yeah. That was trying to get aids. Oh yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. There's a, there's a great series on Netflix right now called The Terror. And it's about these guys that try to cross the ice paths in like the 18 hundreds. And they never, they never make it. Spoiler alert. It Gets fucking dark, dude. Yeah, it gets dark. These dudes just got stranded on a boat with other guys. And of course they start eating each other. The real story. It's based on a real story. These, these gentlemen actually did do this and they didn't find their bod. They didn't find anything until like years and years later.


They went and they, they found clear evidence of like people getting cut up. What Was the time period? 18 hundreds. They just thought they were slick and they're gonna make it across. And it was a particularly cold winter. And the the ice never thawed in that area. And they just got stuck there. They just got stuck and then the ice developed all around them and they were there for years. I mean that like, that's like a thing of survival, which I understand. But you see people that go to like, what's The big fish concert and start to get together. There was new snacks. What's the, what's the mountain? The like The tallest one. The hardest one to climb ever. Yeah. Ever. Dude, you see those videos of like the bodies that are like the bodies are now markers. Yeah. Like you get to a certain, that least name a guy like Jim.


It's like that's Jim. He is when you're at however many feet high. Yeah. And there's no way to get their bodies back down so they just Or stay there frozen To leave. You have to leave 'em there. No one, no can, no one can retrieve 'em and stay alive. It's too dangerous. That's Wild. It's fucking nuts man. You could find like one of the first guys that ever died up there. They, they, he is like his, it's all white. It looks like a statue and he's face down, face down on the rock, frozen. And they don't touch the, See if you can find the image, the images. I mean somebody must, it's haunting because There For anybody who see hasn't person who can climb it, who can like No, no. I'm saying one person that can climb it, that can like that's done like something shitty to the stuff up there. Yeah. Making Dick you guys Jerk off. Off. Yeah. You Know when you were, Because you take like the reindeer on people's lawns and put them in different Yes positions.


Look at this. These guy, this guy's dead, but there's one we that one in the lower left hand corner. Jamie Jesus, lower left hand corner. That one. That's the one. Look at that. Wow bro. Imagine walking past that and go, yeah, that guy's a pussy. I'm gonna fucking make it up there. Step on and I'm gonna come back down. I'm gonna jerk off on its back. That's his skin With the fucking Chicago bulls hat on. So he's Completely frozen. Yeah, he's frozen. He's dead. Geez. Forever. He's been dead for a long time. Look, that guy's got old ass clothes on that have been just slowly worn away by time. Yeah. It's amazing. His regular picture from the seventies. But this is what happens. Like People die. Like you'll be in a group and somebody dies and you go, well guys, we have to leave him.


And you're like, you're like, what? That's my cousin. You know? Not only that, you have to leave them while they're dying. Yeah. Or you could die. Yeah. Like you can't help them. You have to just go. Which, and they're just gonna die a slow death. Well Look at these guys got trapped. I can't believe how many people agreed to like a death, death, death sentences. But like then there's something like this submersible thing That was just like, everyone was like, cheersing champagne. Like this is the best. And then it just ends immediately. Oh they saved that guy. Look how he got trapped. Oh my god. Imagine getting trapped like that. And that's it. You just slowly die like that. Wishing, wishing You could just get shot in the head. Please not have to slowly die. That's so insane. It's all so insane. And it's just to get to the top to say you got there. I mean, is it, how exhilarating it it, it has to be.


So I bet it's not that great. Well it's probably, you realize you could do something very difficult, which a lot of people have a desire to do. And it's also a bragging right for a lot of dickhead. There's a lot, a lot of dickhead. I wanna tell you. Yeah. I've been in Nepal, I went up to Everest to really help the community and there's lot's, a lot of people that just do it for street Cred. We an acoustic guitar song up there. It's pretty gay. Some people they just wanna fucking challenge themselves though, in some insane way where they might die. I think It's when you don't have kids. All any of those things like skydiving all I never, I always wanted to skydive and I'm terrified of heights, but as soon as I had a kid I was like, I'm not jumping outta A plane. I'm the same. I'm the same. Yeah. Unnecessary risk. And I said now as my daughter's older too, like having that thing where it's like now she'd have to be like, what happened to your dad?


Like motorbike riding Shoot didn't open. Yeah, exactly. Motorcycle. I like he turned, it was raining and he turned on his motorcycle a little too fast. Oh I Didn't, I was gonna get a motorcycle license. I was, I was sitting in traffic and I was Me too. I was just watching cars or motorcycle zip between me and I was like, dude, I gotta get a motorcycle. And it was maybe the fifth time that I crashed my car in 2022 that I was like, this is gonna be the death of me. That Lewis had a moment where he was like, I don't think I should do armored fighting or get a motorcycle. Maybe neither of these are good ideas Gentlemen. I have, I have to trust you 'cause I have to pee. So keep chatting amongst yourself. Don't, don't fuck up my show. Don't gimme in trouble. It's no, you're leaving the number one show in the number one show in the world. Being left in the hands of the Legion of Skanks. What could possibly go wrong?


Let's take calls Lewis. Jamie open the phone lines Would if it just turns out there's been phone lines the entire time people have been waiting to get on Joe Rogan. Jim three says, you got some new ideas for the show. It's all but it's all way behind. It's all a guy who's like, I wanna say something to Brian Redband. This is, you're years late, sir. Yes. I've been on hold for 17 years. This is going well guys. What do you guys think? I think he's going pretty well so far. Does he like us? I think and when I say us, I mean you too. I Think this Joe Fell has a future in broadcasting. Oh yeah, he's Doing with it. He's doing all right. I'll give him some notes but man, I'll tell you what though. His, his like on air stuff is accoutrement to the table is very different than ours.


It's cooler than ours. We just have a racist bear. We have a racist Bear. I feel. I like to think we're getting there. Yeah, We are. But no one's ever made his art out of drums or stuff like that. Yeah. This is all really cool stuff. This is an actual dinosaur head. It's a real skull. Yeah. He was like, dude this is actually an A real UFO. We actually went to Mars and found a miniature UFO. Oh, isn't this like a tyrannosaurus windpipe or something? I don't even think I'm wrong about that. I think it's something like that. Jamie. Is that what we, We were looking at Jamie. There might Be a walrus stick up there somewhere. Walrus Stick. It does kind of look like a walrus stick now that you mentioned it. Oh, That Was pulled out of the permafrost in Alaska. This was, yeah. See how it's like shaved or saw in there? That was the, no one knows why it's all flat like that.


That's the top. Dude, if I steal the thing from the permafrost, Everybody take a little thing Dave. Take a commemorative coin. I'm gonna take dice's cigarette. Nah, I don't need to steal anything. I'll Be back. You should leave something. Ah shit. Yeah. Dave. Dave, we really dumb you down for this show, huh? Oh, We're having fun boys Do in my life. No, I don't Think so. Jamie was telling us about this. The unfrozen walrus stick or something. Yeah. Yeah. It's a bone that's not, oh no it's not. We actually have a walrus. What is it? What kind of bone is it? What kind bone is it? The The walrus stick Bone. The wall stick bone. Where is that? Is that in the other studio? It Could be. If it's not up there. It's in the other one.


Yeah. We got a walrus stick Bone. Is it not very big? It's very small. It's fucking Huge. It's giant this big. The walrus sticks actually have bones. Yeah, They, what is it called? The probs? What is it called? It's something like that Book. Dude. Is that, isn't that a nose, isn't it SCUs a nose. Not slow down this pocket question like that. It's called a baculum. It's a bone. That's it. That's what they look like. That's they're giant. And that's an actual walrus. His cock. Yeah. That's why they're always hailing Hitler. Big fancy. Yeah, They actually a bone because nature doesn't have time for your heart ons. You get a bone with us. It's like too complicated. Raise kids like you gotta be really into this. I want you to be like in the mood. Yeah.


Fully committed. Wait, do Dogs have bones or theys Like us? Yeah. Dogs have bones. No. Yeah they do. Yeah, dogs have bones'. They find out. Isn't it a recent, are you fucking old fucking Right now Joe? I think cats have bones. I don't know if dogs have bones. Isn't they? Don't they all have Bones. Isn't a lochness monster actually like a whale flipping upside down and his cock coming outta the water. Ah, I've heard that. The lochness monster photo. The famous one is fake as fuck. But they said it's actually the dogs have dick. If see a whale flipping over on its back and its dick comes out. It's what it Looks like. They said it probably much could have been that. Nah, It's horseshit or it's a sturgeon. Probably a sturgeon. Canine. Baculum. Yeah. Guess they have dog dicks? They have fucking bone. Dogs have penis. Yeah. It's called the ba. So they have the same thing. Baculum three.


It Doesn't taste Like it has a bone in it. I think it's only us. I think the we're the chimps and the primates the only ones that God doesn't trust. Like you can't have a bone that is just, you just use it all day long. You never build houses. It's a Good God made the right call on that one. A hundred percent. You don't wanna give us a bone. It's too easy for us to fuck so the bone dies off. That's probably what happened. 'cause it's too easy because if we just bred like we're already overpopulated. We not really, but I mean if you wanted to look at us to compare to any other animal, the balance is way off. There's way more of us than there are of them. We're everywhere. We're on every fucking part of the country. Every part of the world. Some primates do have one. Which ones just not us? Oh we got robbed.


The cool ones. Gorilla. It says gorilla and chimpanzees. The balum with the dog's penis. Did you watch that thing yet? The lady who the chimp crazy on HB is pretty Wild. I love did you say gorillas? Have them what? Says gorilla is up the bone. So that's exactly what happened. You Do not want get fucked by a gorilla. We developed, we developed agriculture in cities and the bone went away because then we would just fuck all day. We would never figure out cities. Well it said chimps have 'em, which are supposed to be our closest no houses with the no Phones. Right. Where's their cell phone? In order to get a cell you gotta lose The bone off and throwing shit at each other. But it's like whatever the, the common ancestor of us in chimps is That was the split was they were like, look, we're gonna go in this direction where we build civilization and the chimps were like, we're gonna keep our dick bones.


So good Luck. That's exactly what happened. They, they had a conversation about it. They're like, I get it. I understand why you want do it. The female has one. She has a bone in her clitoris. Damn. I imagine how hard she comes Bone. Wait, there's a clip bone. Yeah buddy called. It's Connected to the clip Bone. Well it probably has to be because all animals that are mammals, they start off as female anyway. Right, right. Like the same process I think for primates in that. Right. That's why boy Dogs have me and Louis' penises aren't done yet. Exactly. We haven't grown into 'em. There Is definitely a market for grinding down dick bones and fucking putting 'em in your drinks or something. Like energy drinks For sure. Oh yeah. And China's probably right up there with tiger bones. I guarantee it.


I guarantee it that they grind dick bones down in certain cultures. Yeah. Well certain cultures like they, they will want to drink rhino tea because it's naughty. You know they, they, they know rhinos are an endangered species but they cut their fucking horns off just to make tea. And it's supposed to make your your dick hard. For real. It's like a fucking, I say just because it's Like it so crazy. End danger. It's naughty. I'm a naughty boy. I am gonna serve you some, You know, imagine you go over a guy's house. Like what a fucking house. Look at this guy. You want some fucking rhino ho tea? Wow. You've got the real shit Dude. You want a fucking dodo bird? That Guy's got a raccoon decker around his neck. Raccoon. They sell him on they sell. Yeah. Oh, I need one. I was looking for That was awesome for sure's.


Looking at that going Yeah. Tiger PI need a raccoon bone dick. Yeah, but you don't want a raccoon one. You want a fucking like a big old wolf. Yeah. Doodle wolf dick. A wolf dick would rule. Yeah. A Bear dick with With the nice open shirt. That's what happened. We went, We were like, I don't need the dick bone. I want to figure out space travel. You can't figure out, out space travel if you have that dick bone. Yeah. Can this thing Like it's One or the other. Go away A little bit. Once they develop the bulletproof skin, the next thing is gonna be a reemergence of the dick bone. Dick bone starts coming back. You know, it's gonna fight against it. Viagra, they're gonna be like, fuck you, earn it. Yeah. Yeah. You know that would be, You know, You'd put a Tries to stop bulletproof skin because of the, because this thing goes all the way up to the ladder. You gotta follow the money. It's gonna be A bulletproof dick bone for sure.


If you're gonna put a dick bone in there. Why make it a regular bone? I think one can't break. If a girl gets crazy, the CEO of Viagra, like as this podcast is out, is in a room somewhere going. They're talking about it on The Joe Rogan Experience. All right. This threatens our entire business model. Once AI goes live, it's gonna be one of the first things we fix. Bring back the dick bone. We've already devolved enough with, we realize there's like a limit. You get to the end of the road and civilization has to collapse and start over again. But in the meantime, we're gonna need that dick bone back. That's, that might be the thing that drives the collapse. Yeah. Once you get the dick bone, there's no more need for civilization. No, I think civilization collapses and then the reemergence of the dick bone becomes a necessity Because you have to fuck very quickly.


'cause you get eaten by animals. Right. Okay. Alright. I get it. Yeah. And so there's a madness. Cannibal gangs in the streets. Fucking block takeovers. Times a million juggalos. Yeah. Here we go. We're all back. We're right back here. And you're gonna need a dick bone. 'cause you have 13 seconds to impregnate your wife and then hope that neither one of you gets eaten on the way to the lake. You like That was my, That was my third wife by the way. So I'll have a fourth one soon, Bro. Can figure, is this the skull of a wind dingo? An evil mythical forest creature? No, that's a mule deer. Oh, it's a mule deer. It's just a regular deer. Did you kill that one? Yeah, That was the first animal I ever killed. They told us you Killed the crocodile that's out There. That's an alligator.


Sorry. Yeah, Sorry Joe. That's like, that's misgendering crocodiles. I just watched Joe actually get mad at me. No, no, no I didn't. But crocodiles are like, that's a bigger accomplishment. That's a scarier animal. Way scarier. That is a huge alligator. It's big asset alligator. That is a massive beast. It's Big ass alligator. Wait, the crocodile is scarier than the all alligator. Yeah. Way Scarier. We And what is it that makes them scarier? It's Way bigger, way more aggressive. Chase. Some of us are here to learn. We Look stupid now because of that dumb ass Question, Dude. Oh, they're fucking terrifying man. If we, You know, they've found a bunch of 'em in the Everglades in Florida, You know, the same assholes that let loose They're fucking pythons. Pythons. He's, a bunch of them have let loose some giant Nile crocodiles.


Oh, is it the guy That was, he's riding like the fan boat through it and then all of a sudden like the ground is more alligator. Oh, that's different. I think that's in Costa Rica. I think that video, I don't think that video is in America. I mean, it might actually be a different kind of crocodile. It might be in the Amazon that I don't, I don't believe that's America. But the ones in America, the, the ones they're spotting, they have like a kill on site order for them in the Everglades. 'cause if, if you have a fucking, a population of breeding Nile crocodiles in the, in the ever, It's, It's over. It's fuck your golf. Like You, like they're hunting People. How you kill on site's. A funny thing if you're unarmed, you just see what out there. They go, well the government said I gotta kill this thing on site. Like let's go motherfucker. How do You, how do you kill an alligator?


You Have to shoot it. How many to the to date have they killed in the, the Everglades? Because they've, they've spotted It's more than four. I think. So the, the problem is they don't look through much of the Everglades. It's too crazy. It's so thick. The, the whole middle of Florida is like Florida's the dick of the country. And that dick is infested with monster soup inside. It's just, it's just pythons. Pythons and fucking crocodiles and alligators everywhere. And there's no mammals left. Like 90% of the mammals in the Everglades are gone. The crocodiles. Just fucking little Snakes. No, the pythons. The pythons killed everything. Pythons have killed everything.


And that just like very recent. Yes. Right. Pythons are killing alligators. They eat alligators. Jesus American crocs. It says When I look it up, But No, no, no. Croc Nile crocodiles and n nades for sure. They've, I was watching a news thing. Nile Crocs and yeah there it is. Wow. That's something on Reddit. Yeah. 10 Years. 10. 10 years ago someone caught an, there's been more than one though watched. I think there's been four different ones that they've caught. I don't know how my algorithm got this, but it was like if you ever get attacked by it must've been a crocodile. Maybe it was an alligator. But they told you what to do. Yeah, You did Shit. You punched it in the nose and put it through its frame. A You roll.


It's always by the way, step one is always stay calm. Yeah. No, first thing you wanna do. Do I play dead? Do I big? What do I do? Hilarious. Stay calm. You gotta roll with it. 'cause it's gonna try to roll you. Right. And then if you have an opportunity, play dead. 'cause then it'll think you're dead. Or it said punch it in its nose. Which is the funniest thing. I was right are all jam. It's eyes all its hilarious. You ain't doing Shit. Try tickling at different places. You ain't doing shit. My friend Jim Shockey. You Don't know that Joe. I might be able to tickle a fucking alligator. My friend Jim Shockey got sent to Africa to hunt them because they were killing these people in this village. Everybody in the village was like missing a hand. They all had like bites taken out of them. These crocodiles were like targeting these people. Like they were food. And so they brought in this professional hunter, this guy who's a friend of mine, Jim Shockey.


And he went to Africa and shot these crocodiles. Geez cra. And while he was there, one of the ladies got taken, one of the ladies was washing clothes in the, in the river and they just fucking snatched out and Grab, maybe don't wash clothes in the river, But this is how crazy it is. They develop like a system where they stick logs in the ground in like this circular area. 'cause they think the crocodiles can't come through it. But I think the crocodiles are figuring out how to go on the ground when everyone's sleeping and slip right into that. And wait, Don't don't Lions do that shit in Africa too. Like they really hunt humans. Oh yeah. Right. They'll really like plan it out and shit. Did you Ever see that Val Kilmer movie? They have people whistles. They go some dude fuck dude.


No. It'd be like, who wants Some Pussy? Wants some pussy. I got wild pussy in the woods. Are you guys, Are you guys hearing that? I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go check this out real quick. I'll Be horny. I wanna suck your dick. Why doesn't the alien, the predator, like the guy who comes down and fucks people up, why doesn't he hunt us that way with calls? Really? Wouldn't that be more exciting for him? Yes. Instead of just running people down fucking taking their heads. Hey Mercenary, take time off by getting them horny first sucked. Trick them into going on a wellness retreat. Set It up like a deer blind. Like a wellness retreat. Yeah Dude, if you're a fucking, if you're a duck, you think you're about to get laid and you fucking just get blasted in the head.


Worst frank. Well they think it's the safe place to land. It's even more despicable. They take rubber ducks and they put 'em everywhere. Like, oh, There was a party duck party. Everybody's happy. And then you come in and just imagine being a duck and just getting blasted outta the sky. Like how Yeah, that sucks. I Thought I didn't had to worry about dogs and things like that. I didn't think I'd worry about getting blasted outta the fucking sky. Doug Is delicious though. It is. It's a delicious meat. Yeah. And it's probably fun to blast 'em outta the sky. I haven't done that particular activity, But I bet it's a good time. Just fucking pop the hatch. Boom, boom, boom. And then you cook 'em up that night. Nice. Yeah, it's gotta be a lot of fun. But you gotta be careful you don't eat a buckshot that that's a real issue. 'cause you don't always get all the little bbs 'cause a shotgun when you shoot it up there, it's a scatter.


That's how you can shoot birds at A distance. Not for the migrants dude. They just grab and break their neck and cook 'em up. That's The better way to do it. Really. Yeah. No buckshot needed. No buckshot needed. Get those bitch ass domesticated ducks that are subject to grabbing those park ducks. They don't know any better yet. Just Oh yeah, I don. Yeah, I assume you can't just eat like lake duck. You could, can you? Yeah. I Mean I'm sure you could eat, But I'm say is that like, is there any kind of good that doesn't taste when I go to, when I get No, It'd good beef Duck. Is that the same duck that you just see in like, like Central Park? There's different kinds of ducks. Some ducks are called diver ducks. And those are the least appetizing because diver ducks go all the way down to the bottom of the, of the, the where the ground is. The the surf, the, the bottom of the lake.


And they eat all the algae and all the bullshit and like anything that's down there. They eat anything. They eat dead fish and all kinds of rotten things. And the idea is that they, they're not very tasty. But the other ducks, there's like mallards and different ducks that like people hunt, they don't dive, You know, they, they eat things that are like on the the surface surface. They don't go down and eat the muck. But I've had diver duck That was really well prepared by a chef. This guy owns D in town, it's an amazing restaurant and he, he cooked it fantastic. It was awesome. And this is the ones who eat all the bad shit. But it still tastes good. You Can, yeah, you could still do it. Right. It's just a involved process.


You know, like he had to, he b brined them and did a bunch of different things and marinated 'em. But the ultimately you can't eat them. But I think like a regular duck, the kind that are like sitting on the pond, you could snatch one of those up, up. I bet it'd be just like a regular duck that you would shoot outta the sky. It's just a duck. Well fellas, we know what we're doing after this. Yeah, well I mean if you came from a country where there's no food and all of a sudden they flew you into Ohio and they're like, why are we all here? Like, And no one tells you not to eat the ducks. Right? Right. There's just ducks there. No, that Maybe you don't even speak English. So there's all these signs saying don't kill the ducks. And you say, oh look, ducks, You Like kill ducks. Kill ducks.


Wouldn't you? Wouldn't you automatically grab a duck if You like you came from a place where There was no food. Oh yeah, no, I'm not blaming the Haitians. Peaking duck is the most popular duck to eat. Peaking duck meat is known for its mild satisfying flavor, easily adapts to number of cuisines as a lighter flesh and milder fla. So this is It not Pekin. So this is a, this is a duck. I think it says P in Peking is a type, but this is, this is like domestic ducks. That's what they're showing here. Gotcha. So like if you buy duck in a restaurant, you're not really buying wild duck, you're buying a domesticated duck. But there's wild ducks that taste really good and there's wild ducks that are a little funky. And those, those are the ones that they call diver ducks. Yeah. There's like fish, I, I went fishing in Puerto Rico, we went deep sea fishing and there's like certain fish that like they eat or I guess the bigger the fish were like the, they eat like all the algae and stuff off the reef.


And I guess if the fish was really big you had to like throw it back Because you can get like really sick. I Think it's the toxins from the fish they eat, they eat stuff off the reef. Oh right. You're right about that actually. Yes. Yeah, they, we caught some barracuda and they were like, in this area you can keep 'em, but if you catch 'em over there, you can't keep 'em, you can't eat 'em. It's weird. It's Like it. And especially with like big game species because those, there's ones that they just won't eat. It was too risky. It's pretty wacky. We could went fishing on a perched tour this summer and they caught a, and Like it looked like he was gonna like, I thought he was gonna like gut the fish right there on the boat. But what he was doing was when you pull them up very fast, like the fish. Oh, the gut. Yeah, they get like the bends So it looks so violent, but they're actually like saving the fish.


They're gonna throw 'em back and they like just like stab him almost like underneath the thing and Like, it just like lets the air out and they're able to live fish, Get the bends. Yeah, no, Yeah. Really? Yeah, the pressure that their body has to be under when they're like 500 feet underwater is insane. And so when they go to the top, their organs like come out through their mouth. Wow. It's crazy though. So yeah, they, they fill up air. It's all filled up. So it they You like, You like let the air out of a balloon and then the fish start moving again and you throw 'em back on the, I think I cooked a lobster once and you're supposed to put the knife into the back of its head. You're not supposed to just boil it. But I couldn't do it. I was like, there's no way. That's what it Looks like. The guy's eyeballs pop out and his tongue pops out. I've seen that happen. Looks kinda like Ari. It's very bizarre. A lot like Ari. It looks like a wacky, like a, like a card you'd get at Spencer's.


Isn't there a fish called a Jew fish? There is. Right? That's gefilte fish. But that's a, I mean imagine what that does to your body going from 500 feet down in the fucking ocean to pulling up to the top. Oh yeah. I mean just pops out. Yeah, That doesn't sound fun. Why isn't that not the case? Probably. That's probably exactly what would happen if you went to the moon, took your helmet off. Well we've never really gone, So that's what total recall it happens on Mars. Sure. Jew fish. Jew fish. There you go. Over. There we go. Do you think the other fish Fish? Well could you put the Hitler fish please? It's a Goliath. That's What it is. Solutions. That's only one person who's gonna Goliath group. Only one fish can get to the bottom of this probably.


Do they Have a Disproportionate control of the phish media? I'm just wondering Is that the, that's Who's running fish banks. That's a Jew. Fish is a Goliath grouper. No, I popped it in the Google says Atlantic Goliath grouper. Whoa. Lemme see that motherfucker. Well hello. I'm here for your rent money. Jesus Christ. Look at that picture with a diver. Give me your rent money. Look At that picture with a diver. That's fucking insane. Wow. That's like a large mouth bass that could eat a person. If I Saw that, I would think that I was about to be murdered. I would not be comfortable with that thing being right next to me. That's A giant, I think that I shrunk. Am I even sight of a small fish tank? Bro, if you were a little kid, if like, if you were a 4-year-old kid and you went diving free, diving near that there, there's a real likelihood that thing swallows you.


800 pounds. 800 pounds. Oh Yeah. Jew fish. Eat your baby. What? Let's spread that rumor. You ever seen large mouth bass take out a duckling? No, But I want to Now they take 'em out, they take out birds. There's a guy That was developing a lure for, there's a giant pike called a muskie. They're notoriously hard to catch and they're enormous like real ancient fish. Looks like a monster. And they're hard to catch. They're, they call 'em like the, the fish of 10,000 casts. And so this guy developed a a lure for them. That's a duck. It's a little ducky. Move it across the water. It's very effective for it. Go because muskie's like the fuck up ducks.


Geez. They're huge dude. They're like this big. You ever seen one? No, I don't think So. Pull up a photo. It's like they got one on a right here. Oh there it is. Oh no, that's a large mouth bass. But Google Muskie Giant. Just Google Giant muskie. That's them. Wow. Wow. Look at that thing. Fucking things are crazy. And they're super predators. Yeah. That's scary. They take out ducks and all kinds of things and if you, you want catch 'em, you have to have a big ass lure. Look at that. Look at the size of their fucking mouth. It is just covered in teeth like a barracuda. Is There a video of one of these things like eating a duck?


Oh yeah, for sure. If you have to catch it, you have to dress. Dress like Antifa. Yeah. You freezing your off those gets his weapon. Those Guys are cold as fuck. Do You want the place You hit it with a bike lock? You gotta catch those motherfuckers in some cold ass water. Just like Northern Pike. Jew fish will not replace us. Look At this giant Musky Eats a duck. Here it goes. Come on baby Uhoh. What an asshole. You Fake us out cock sucker. Oh, I thought That was it. That was solid though. Musky. It was a, it wasn't solid bit. Okay. Muskie eats duck. You gotta sit through an ad. Okay. Is this a duck lure? Could be, yeah. Find one. Really? Unless he's got a duck with a hook through it.


That monster isn't that fucked up. Like you hate mice, you kill mice with a mouse trap. But if you went fishing with a mice and a hook people, oh you piece of shit. What is wrong with You Know is kind of weird. Well other you do like live bait, right? You put it right through their eyes. Right. But if you did that to a mouse, everybody would get very upset with you. Not me. You piece of shit. Isn't that crazy? Like you can kill 'em with a spring whack and everybody's like, Oh yeah, mouse trap. Good job. And it's not like That's a humane way to kill 'em. You can torture a mouse girl, you kill 'em. A glue trap. I got lost on a YouTube journey once with a guy who made homemade mouse traps and he would like create little systems to to drown mice in rats in buckets. Yeah. That was great. Oh Yeah. They like get like sent to like a bucket. Yeah. Yeah. Was that it? That's crazy. That was, That was a little big.


That is crazy. It's New York, right? Yeah. His system of mice and rats and it just catches them and and puts 'em in the buckets to drown. And then the guy's, the end of the month, he just has like a pockets of mice and it's so crazy. You guys see that Netflix documentary rats? No, No. It's all about rats and New York City rats all over the country and No, I wouldn Over the world. Oh, it's fucking horrible. There's, I think the biomass of rats in New York City is equal or greater to the biomass of human beings. Oh yeah, There are for sure. So many rats in New York City. Probably city. Dude, There's so many. But You know much that is, think about how many people walking down the street and think about the idea that the number of rats is greater. Well people in rats do You know, is cock Cockroaches eat rat shit?


Do You know? Horrible. The entire underneath New York City. Is That Awful? No, this is a bullshit estimate. This is an estimate that there are approximately 3 million rats in New York City, which is close to a third of the city's human population. No, way more. It's a 50% increase from a decade ago. This is the AI overview, Although we do have a rat czar now, so maybe she's doing her shit. I think the documentary was saying that there, here it is right here. There are 8.2 million humans. Average mass of 70 kilograms, about 2 million rats. That is not true. There's not too, who knows how many, like one said there's 2 million, one said there's three. What's gonna three million's? What's gonna be not safe for work? There's a girl, a girl saying it with her pussy.


It got Deleted. I think so. It's not here. It got deleted. Oh, there's no good measurement of how many rats there are. Yeah, There's not like a guy going down. There's like, everybody holds still 14, 15. How would you possibly know? You cannot, they're, they're just justifying their job. Just like the people in the homeless commission. There's no fucking way you can tell me how many rats there are in New York City. No, there's no fucking, I parked my car once. It was back in the day when you had to use cell phones or pay phones rather. And I was pumping gas, it was in the Bronx. And I went over to this payphone and I'm on the payphone and I'm watching rats jump onto the wheel of my car, jump into the engine bay, jump all around it. They were coming outta the sewer and jumping on the car.


It was, that's why I started two minutes on the phone going, what the Fuck? I didn't realize until I lived in the city. What a problem that is. Rats will go inside you if you leave your car like sit for days at a time. Rats will get inside and like chew like wires and fucking like fuck your car. It's crazy. So it says for over a hundred years, nearly everyone has believed New York is about 8 million rats, a ratio of one human to one rat. The theory began in the 19 hundreds when author and rat expert wr Buller hypothesized that in England There was a ratio of one human to one rat. However, Alback points out that the hypothesis was erroneously applied to New York City and is widely quoted to this day. Many expert has debunked. You know what? I lost a lot of faith in experts over the last few years.


I like to See some fucking data. You know, it's actually 36 humans to one rat. I don't know about that. I don't think You know that. I don't think, You know, I Mean under, under the grounds. Like how do you possibly know the entire subway systems? They're full of fucking Rats. Didn't say after that. Jamie, someone said it's one-to-one. What did it say? It Said in 1950 the New York City Health Department went back to one-to-one. Okay. That's probably more accurate and it's probably even worse now. There's no fucking way. You know the whole, the tunnels, it's all filled. Oh dude. Rats are everywhere in the city and we, we all, You know, lived in the city for years and years, but Jay still does. But there'll be every now and then there'll just be like a block where there's like construction or something like that. Like there's something open in the ground and sometimes you just have to walk through it and you just have to like stomp your way through it because there's just rats everywhere.


It's the fucking worst dude. But I've never, it's Like, it feels like your skin is like, oh dude, Awful. I've never seen it with rats for, But I will say, and I found out what it was after, But I talking about a first time New York thing happening was I was just outside smoking a cigarette on my stoop when I was in the East Village. And then all of a sudden I was like, hmm, that's weird. Three roaches walking by in the daylight for like, that's kinda weird. You don't see that a lot. Just like, You know, it's like three different times, three different roaches. I'm like, that's pretty strange. And then several more. And then Ro Motel, I'm telling you, and I'm telling you, IMI within five minutes falling off the buildings, our superintendent came out and he was like, what's going on?


And then they, we saw him like landing on his shoulder. Oh, he was freaking out. And then we went inside, came out a couple hours later and There was thousands of 'em dead on the street. And I go, what happened? He goes, oh, that's what they do in New York. Whenever they like bomb a building for like roaches, it just shoots them to other buildings. They just come out. So that's what it was. He goes, oh, one building. There's, they're probably trying to sell a building. So they bombed it for roaches and it just sends tens of thousands of them out onto the streets. Oh. Probably millions. I mean I'm talking when I was saying Like it wasn't, you couldn't take a step and not be stepping on like the carcasses of Lake 50 of 'em. But they just, God dude, Were they like giant water bugs? The Ones biggest in New York Kid. That's the ones Jay's talking about.


Yeah. Yeah. The flying the water ones. They're the most disgusting creature in the world. Those water bugs in New York City. That's what we used to call, well you them, You like, oh ew, it's crawling and then all of a sudden it just takes flight and comes at you. You're like, whoa. And it's like one month a year that they actually fly. But when they do man, they just become the grossest thing. If you wanna live in a big city, that's just part of the program. Yep. Yeah, It's Can't get rid of 'em. Can't get rid of the rats either. It's not like anyone's incompetent. It's too deep. You would have to Move out. It's our job to go let the rats have it. Yeah, You'd have to move out and then nuke it from space. Well there's all types of, like I live out in the country now and there's all types of animals that I don't love that are around, but nothing's gross like that, right?


Like it's like there's like a bobcat that we've caught on our camera a few times. I'm like, I don't really want that thing around. But it's it kind of cool though. Yeah, it's cool. It's not like disgusting like Some gross animals. I, I live a little closer to the city in Jersey. I I get some gross animals too. We had those What are the Things? Yeah, you're one of them. Yeah. Puerto Ricans. You know, what are, what are the things That was like a big problem in New York last summer? Black Lives Matter riots. The bugs? Yeah. Oh, they're still there. They're back flies. They're back this year. Lantern flies. Oh yeah, yeah. Lan flies. What are Those? Invasive. So it came over in a, So in 2020, in the summer of 2020 started Flies started. They're being funded by the un I'll tell You that much. They were brought over, they were doing work on the high line But I know they said in the summer of 2020 we started seeing these little bugs we had never seen before.


And they said you're supposed to, they're supposed to kill it. You're almost, almost kind of pretty them supposed to kill it if you see it. And immediately We were like, I don't work for you government, I'm not going around killing your bugs. And then by the next summer There was like 10 times as many and the next summer there were like 10 times they would land on You like red. They look like moths with like a red underbelly or something Kind of, yeah, they're like a little red. They're almost kind of pretty looking until there's a bunch of 'em and they kind of fly on You. At first when I saw them I thought they were like beautiful little butterflies and I was like, oh they're nice. And then I heard that they were a problem and then they skied me out like roaches Immediately they fuck up, they fuck up plants. But they came over the high line in New York was doing something. They brought in plants from China and they came in here. Is that why? Yeah. So they came in through the docks and these plants from China and now it's just, they are there and it's, it's crazy.


It's about a month, month and a half. They are a like the roof of my building. You could probably Pull that up Jamie like New York. You can't go Flies, you can't go on the roof of my building. Like there's same thing like tens of thousands of 'em all over there. There was a lady up there one time I walked up there covered in them like fucking candy. Man. It was Crazy. They were coming outta her mouth. All my god. It was crazy. She Was accepting it. I was like, oh God. She was accepting it. But They're evolving too in the fact that the first year that I was aware of, that's them the first year I was aware of them. You could step on them and they didn't really do much. Now they fly and they run around you. No. Yeah, they'll be in like door raise all over the Place. If you have no screen on your window. If you open a window and they will, there will be a hundred of them in a room. Oh my God, that's so disgusting.


It Was only like this for like two weeks last summer. But there were two weeks where my yard was unusable. Yeah my like you just could not go out. It's about a month. Couldn't go out Month. One of the ones that that come up every like however many years they come up outta the ground and Locust cics, They a cicada. Cicada Cics. That's in Jersey as well. Like Cicadas are cool though. They make cool sounds. They make really coolness except you find their like carcasses, like the hollowed out carcasses of the bodies all over the place. But They're not trying to run through your bathroom. No, no. And these things are what ified, they're killing all like plants and stuff too. Yeah. So it's really bad. But they're like, if you read one article, it's like here's New York's five year plan to get rid of the lantern flies and the next article's like no, they're just here. Like this is gonna be a month every year.


And They came from where? Where? This China. Wow. China got us twice. And They land on you. They're not, they're not afraid. That's it. Two strikes. China, don't you try this shit again. They Come, you either do they land right on your face on your head and your body. Oh, great. Did they come over in some sort of a cargo ship or something? Something? Yeah. I think it was Like it was in plants that they were bringing a decorative plants. I'm pretty sure Fauci made empl it out. They're pretty cool looking. Maybe they can vaccinate us that way. Genetically engineer mosquitoes to run around vaccine people. They would do this thing in my old place. We used to like on, we'd have like on the, there's like a sliding glass door and we'd have just like the screen open and it was like in the weeks where it was bad, every 10 minutes you'd look over there and there's like four of 'em on there.


And then you'd hit the screen and they kind of fly off. But then they just fly right back. And if You like left the room and came back, you'd come back and there's 50 of 'em. Like on your, it was just gross. Ugh. Yeah. It's not fun. I'm a real chick when it comes to bugs and creepy things and fucking You're normal. Yeah. People like bugs are weird. They are weird. Yeah. People keep bugs in their house. Like, look, oh that's tarantula. I'm gonna feed it a mouse Fucking psychopath. Oh yeah. Nothing is wrong with you. Anything icky is not my thing. So I went home with a girl years ago from a diner. Turns out She was a tarantula. She was a tarantula. Pets. No, it was, it was weird pets. And in the last, in the final straw where for I left, we didn't hook up. 'cause when she was like, oh, you gotta let my my bino rat crawl on you. And I was like, I'm just gonna go like this is not worth it.


I had a buddy who hooked up with this girl and she had a crocodile monitor. She had a crocodile monitor in her house. It's a pet. You can keep it as a pet. Wait, what is It? It's a crocodile monitor. It's the creepiest looking lizard that you could buy from a exotic, exotic pet store. You could buy 'em, you could have that. Oh yeah. This girl apparently had that and he was like, yo, red flag. Yeah. The girl lives from Virgin too. Had a iguana that I hated. This lady thought she was on games at Thrones. She had her own dragon. She, Well, you watch, you said you watch that chi crazy thing. Yeah. It's lonely. Old women will, can throw heartfelt emotion into anything in the world. Yeah. Women are caregivers. What Is the, A lot of women are they, they get chimps. They, they wanted to keep these chimps and raise 'em.


This lady, this fucking chimp attacked her friend tore her face off. Oh, Was that the 9 1 1 Call? Yeah. One of 'em. The documentary is not about that lady, but they talk about that situation. Oh my God. That Was Horrifying. The point is, that lady got a chimp after that. Another one She missed having her chimp. Even she, they're cool. It got murdered. I went to that, the doc anals place down in Myrtle Beach with my son. You know, it's like the, one of the, it was in the Tiger, tiger King. Yeah. Tiger King documentary. Yeah. But they didn't just have tigers. They had like the baby tigers, which was awesome. But they had like chimps that came out and they had Like, it was, it was a really, really cool experience. Oh, Who twos? They had some huts and wore Tus. Super educational. Yeah. No, it was, it was definitely, they were torturing these animals, but it was definitely worth the $500 I supposed to get in.


That was nice. They castrate those chimps too. Most of them mo the one that one in Connecticut though. They didn't, The mind blowing thing was That, Was that part of why he like Oh yeah. Yeah. They're way more aggressive. They're not caster. I had the guys on the guys who made the documentary. Oh. Or the, the show. He that chimp crazy thing. It's, I was blown away actually. By how much stuff. I mean like, she made them weirdly self-sufficient on something when she throw 'em. Mc McNuggets. It wasn't the open the McNuggets. Then they throw 'em. She goes, oh, and here's your sauce. Like a sweet, like a sweet and sour sauce. And the monkey knows how to go like, like rip the, the lid off. And like d It's Pretty wacky. Yeah, no, they weren't dipping it though. I kept asking them. I'm like, did they dip?


Like why didn't you show that they dipped? Like they just drank that stuff. Oh yeah. Because there's a weird line there. It's like if they dip, you're almost like maybe they deserve rights. I don't know. Like if if you, if you go, I'm Not gonna a dry nugget, I don Barbecue sodas and drink 'em. Yep. They don't, they don't just like bite the top off of a Yeah, like a soap. They listen to things too. She could say, grab that paper and he'll grab the paper and give it back to her. Give her the garbage when she give him McNuggets and shit. But she has to keep him in a cage. 'cause he's a male. He's a grown male and they'll just go crazy and just rip your face off and there's nothing you can do about it. They were giving that Put person, they were giving him Kool-Aid at Doc Ann's place. They were like these, they were chugging the Kool-Aid. These chimps. Oh yeah. They were fucking, they loved it. Of course.


And they were really scared, dude. They came down. They like, they like, and they were like, Just, you weren't at all, But I just thought you were about to make a really racist joke. Like I was just Preparing. No, I'm being real. I'm a hundred percent like They love Kool-Aid. You like easy Really. Come on man. No, but like they came down and they were just so like, kinda like walking around us. They were full, they were like six feet tall. It was fucking Dude. That's terrifying. Yeah, they were, they could do. So they were full grown chimps. They Were full grown chimps. And they, they just felt at any moment that they could just lose their shit and just take over. If they just wanted to at any moment they could just attack you then that's what you ever see that one with. The guy was like with his bear. He had a trained bear and he had this guy stand still and the guy's just standing still and the bear just decided to rip his neck off just outta nowhere. I don't, I'm thinking of the one was that the With karate You have a joke show.


You Have a joke about it. Right, Joe? From back in the day. That was, yeah, but that's a different one. That was, that's a different one. That's, that's karate. The guy Karate. Karate. This is different. This is a a, a guy who's just standing there and it's a bear That was in a bunch of movies. It was a bear That was like a trained bear. And this bear outta nowhere just decides to rip this guy's throat Apart. What kind of bear A grizzly. Okay. Those are the 'cause what do I got in Jersey by me? It's the black bears. Black bears. Black bears. They're not, they still kill people. Oh yeah. Yeah. Terrified. They killed a kid at Rutgers. It Is funny is when someone has to scream though, like the name, they give like chimpanzees and stuff. Like Mr. Mittens Stop. Stop burning her face off. He's biting her fingers off Sprinkles Mr. Mins. Well it's a funny, it's a funny thing because especially like little kids, like they all of their like stories and shows and it's all like nature personified and things like that.


Like I remember like my, my daughter when she was like three asking me why like bugs are running away from her. Like, she's like, why is the spider running away? Or whatever it is. It's Because you white Honey. She's like, well, You know, he thinks you're gonna kill it 'cause you might actually kill it. But then you almost bears. Especially the young ones look so fucking cute. Like, you just look at them and you're like, if you see A, if You know like bear cub, you're dead already. Tiger cubs are cute. It's nature's dirty trick. Yeah. And it is the, the awful thing of it. That's the problem with like they said about like having chimpanzees as pets is like, for a while it's totally fine and then one day it's just not. And that one that ripped the lady's face off. Did you see like that video? They show a video of like, they should have known this was kinda gonna happen.


'cause a kid one time picked up a shoe off the floor that like the, the monkey wanted and then he goes over and he's going after me and it looks a little aggressive, but it's still like, he's not that big So it doesn't look that scary. But then when he just makes a move, like to grab at the shirt and whatever, and you see that the kid like almost falls over and he is like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. And they have to like all kind of jump in front of the monkey like Yeah. Over something. He's unaware. The guy doesn't even know what he did wrong. He just grabbed the shoe off the floor and the monkey wanted that shoe and didn't know how to tell him I to take It. And he just decide to beat the fuck outta the little kid. And it doesn't tear. Take Their gen off wrong with it. Right. That's what they do. They take, They take, they bite your fingers off. Yeah. They tear your genitals off so you can't procreate anymore. They'll bite your feet off. Yeah. Really fucked. Crazy shit. Yeah. Don't, Don't keep them as fast.


You know what they don't do? They don't kill people. Isn't that crazy? They just maim you just rip you apart. That's what's really nuts. They don't, they won't kill You though. No, they don't kill people. They don't kill people. There's very few instances of chimpanzees killing people. Wow. They kill these guys. Were saying they kill people. Like as far as like little kids get snatched up in Africa. You know, like if you're a child like a baby and you're near aggressive, hungry chimpanzees and you leave the kid alone, they could, they'll steal your kid. That's wild. Since them stealing kids. Yeah. Yeah. Well they eat monkeys all the time. That, That I've seen videos of, which is insane. I think I saw you playing it on the show. Chimps. Seeding monkeys. But chimps, seeding monkeys is like dark. Well they, The way they do it, they know. They didn't know they did it until Hatborough went into the, the woods and he started filming and then he got this footage of these chimps setting up an ambush on these monkeys and they rip 'em apart while they're alive.


Yeah. They torturer him to Death. So he's like got 'em alive and he's just eating them fucking dick first just pulling chunks of meat off of him. It's, and they're ripping arms off and handing it to their friends and you see The little fucking space. It's because We were so related to them. It, it's so much more gruesome. But like I did, I watch like nature is metal. It's a great follow on Instagram. And I just did I watch a fucking a lion? Like eat a baby out of an antelope stomach and like just Oh yeah. Swallow it like a pill. You're like, oh, that's awesome. Horrible. Komodo dragons are the scariest. They just swallow everything. Whole Take a Whole goat just pop fucking Hooves are Put. Yeah. All four legs are hanging outta the mouth still. Yeah. Awful. And No animals have, there's not a lot of emotion in their faces of those too. Like, especially lizards.


So like they eat a whole goat and then they're just like, yeah, there's like on the next thing. No Highs, no lows. Yeah. You like a bird even too goes, dude, you just ate a fucking goat. Like Dude watching a bird eat a mammal is just one of the weird, it just doesn't look Like it should happen. Right. So Like, it just be like a bird or like, it'll be like a sea bird. It'll be like a seagull and it'll like pick up a squirrel and just Rats. They kill rats all the time. Yeah. They eat 'em. Swallow 'em hole. There's crazy videos of seagulls swallowing rats hole. All right. We gotta bring the seagulls into Manhattan. We'll figure out, We'll figure out the seagull problem next. Dude you're running for rats are Seas are gonna eat your cat. They're gonna eat everything once they run outta rats. What? They won't We'll with that. That's of the reasons why the Hollywood hills aren't filled with rats. It's 'cause the coyotes, Right.


The more coyotes there are, the less rats. We, one time in, I think actually it was the last time that we all did your show together. The three of us did it. And it was back when you were in LA and I was staying in some Airbnb out in the hills. And me and my wife heard, We were literally sleeping at night and we heard, I believe coyotes attacking a dog. And it was like the saddest thing to hear Because you just, you you hear them like come up and then it's like 30 seconds of a dog. Like, and my, my wife loves dogs. She was like crying and she's like, we have to do something. And I was like, we will be doing nothing but letting this happen.


You can't Do it. It's already too late. Yeah. It's pitch Block outside. I was gonna go out there with a lantern, like, get outta here. What a pussy. They usually don't kill people. The, the last time a coyote killed a person on record was There was a Canadian folk singer and she lived in a, a part of Canada where the coyotes that started eating moose 'cause they were running out of things to eat and they, they realized that if they bite on mooses legs, especially like young mooses, they could take 'em out and then they could eat 'em and kill 'em. So they were going after thing. They were accustomed to going after things larger than them. So they started to learn They kill this lady. Wow. And we know female folk singers. They are big. I don't know if she was big. I don't think she was. In fact, I think she was pretty small.


It Might've been an honest mistake. They thought it was a moose. Yeah. They, We were like, we've we're used to this and that's how much folk music sucks Or they don't give a fuck about you. It's more likely you live in a place where there's actual bears. Like new jersey's so bad that the mayor ran on a platform of having bears the bear hunting be removed. And then once he was in office he was like, fuck that. Start hunting them again. Yep. 'cause there's so many human bear interact. New Jersey has more bears per capita than anywhere in the lower 48. Yeah. There's really, Yeah, New Jersey, new Jersey's got a lot of bears. Yeah. We had a lot of crazy wilds. A lot of mountains. That's why. Well, 'cause the thing is people forget about the, like the, was it Ramo Mountains? Like it's, it's gets rural as shit. Rural As shit man.


Well, Jersey York is called the garden state. Yeah. But everyone, when they think of Jersey, they think of Newark Cam or Jersey Shore became so big that when you say Jersey, now you're imagining of that the dyed hair and the fucking fist bumping guys. But most of New Jersey, it's beautiful. Is not anything like that. It's just mountains and woods. You know a lot of hunting in Jersey. Yeah. There's like rednecks in New Jersey. Oh Yeah. Did you ever see the movie out of the furnace? Like explores that whole thing? It was Christian Bale, Casey Affleck. Willem Defoe. Oh really? And Willy Woody Harrelson played the character of like a, those like mountain people. Like just, You know, meth trade cousin fucking, it's like, it's really like they make it like a weird place.


Was that in Pennsylvania or in Jersey? No, it's Jersey. It's it's Jersey side. It's, it's actually on the border of, it says Ramo Mountains I think. Yeah. Jim Miller, UFC fighter lives in New Jersey in, in like the woods. Yep. He lives In Sparta, New Jersey. That, that's Crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy that you think Spart, you would think New Jersey. Everybody thinks smog stacks and Yeah. You know, they think it's the smell. Well It's like the same way people think of Pennsylvania, they think of Philly and, and Pittsburgh and shit. But most of Pennsylvania is not, they're not producing Jay Kerins out there. No. They're making like it's you but you just went in the lumberjack direction. Yeah. Yeah. It's me with a dad that stuck around and really told me how the world worked. That's where the world gets dark. Right. You get born into a spot where there's fucking no way outta here.


Yeah. You know, you get stuck in the coal mines of West Virginia and you're like, shit. Like how do I get outta Here? That's why big cities like are good Because you, if you live in a big city, there's like, people are dreaming and shit. If you're like in the middle of nowhere, it's like, Well even if you're in the suburb of a big city, You know like if you're, if you're in kind of nowhere but there's a half hour bus. Yeah. To like a city where something's happening. But there's people, I remember talking to Jeff Deiss, this really brilliant dude. He's a, he was Ron Paul's like chief of staff for years. But so where Ron Paul is, it's like two hours south of Houston. Lake Jackson I think was the name of his district. And he was telling me, he was like, dude, there's nothing here.


Like there's no, like if you're a kid coming up here, it's like, I don't know, we got an Arby's and we got like some and there's where so many of those kids join the military. Yeah. 'cause that's like the only thing You could do. Juggalo. Or you could Or Woo woo. There's one other option off overlooked option. Become a Juggalo Or join a cult. Join a court. You know, that's, that's how you get someone in a cult. It's the best option available. Yeah. You know, like, hey can, did you guys travel? Can I be a missionary? I'm gonna go to Brazil. Fuck it. He doesn't stop. I'm gonna go smoke a cigarette. I'm gonna, let's wrap this up. My eyes are gonna pop Out. We're like three and a half hours in. Oh wow Boys. It is a lot of fun Dude. You're the man.


The times, The times for having us. You, I really believe what I said about Skank Fest, it's very important. You guys are doing, it's very important. Thank You know. You know, it seems like fun. It is fun. I'm sure. Very fun. You need things out there that are genuinely open and free and pushing the boundaries of comedy. You know, and Skank Fest is a great place for that. So it's important. Appreciate you guys. Thank you so much. And there's a live stream event. Tell Louis, tell everybody about this. Yeah, you Guys, you can still get passes for Sunday. I believe there might be a handful of Fridays left, but we're live streaming get as well. If you guys can't be there, live in Las Vegas this weekend, September 27th or 29th, let's go to sk fest.com. There's a bunch of events you could actually watch live as we stream them and yeah, we're just pumped.


Thank you. Get your liver detox pills ready. You fucking animals. Yeah. Oh yeah. Everyone's gonna party like we've never done before. Before Days Life Liposomal glutathione. Get that. You're gonna need that. Alright gentlemen, appreciate you. Always fun. Good times. Thank you man. You're the man Joe. You're the mans. Bye.