
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day Social. How are You man? How's it going? Nice to meet you. Nice To meet you. I really Enjoy your show. It's, it's very different. Like, I was like, when I first started watching, I was like, oh, this guy's fucking interviewing all kinds of crazy people. Like it. I like You like a, a Navy Seal Art Bell. It's kind, it's kind of cool, man. You know, like, because like you, you go out there with people like that one dude That was saying there's direct energy weapons in Antarctica. Yeah. You letting that go guy go out. He's going out on a long ass pier. Oh Yeah.


Eric Hacker. All those stories are so crazy. I was just finishing, is it John Alexander? Yeah. Is that the gentleman that worked with like UAPs and Unidentified phenomenon and mystery? He's done it all. He's done Fascinating. He's done it all Fascinating. All the way back to Vietnam, right? Yeah. Yeah. That guy. What, what a crazy story, man. Imagine being involved in that kind of shit. I don't, yeah. How much do you believe it though? Like, it's like when I hear the UFO stuff, there's a part of my brain that's like, don't get suckered into this. This shit's nonsense. There's something that it just feels like suck. Like if they told me a super volcano was gonna erupt, I would believe it.


'cause super volcanoes was definitely real. And they, there's a historical precedent. They've ruined civilizations. They tell me that there's UFOs and part of me is just like, I don't fucking believe You. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. I don, You know, I mean, I, You know what bothers me about the whole camp is nobody, none of these camps like, talk to each other. Right. It's, it's, my camp knows everything. Isn't That always the case though? Yes. That's the case in the military often, right? Oh yeah. I was gonna compare it to special op. That guy doesn't know shit. I know every, You know, that's, that's kind of how, When I was real young, I was like 24. I was dating this girl That was, she did something in government and she was explaining to me, so this is pre-internet ish, You know, like people didn't have the internet then.


It's like early nineties. Right? And she said that she, she, one of her jobs was to make sure that information that the, the Navy had received would be available to the Army. So like you, you have to make sure people aren't running redundant tests. Like, we already did this. We'll get you this information. So There was like some sort of a database in like these computer terminals where she could share information and she had some sort of top clearance. And one day, like just fucking around, she wrote Little Green Men Interesting. In the search function.


And her computer got shut down. And then people visited her and they asked her like, what are you doing? Like, why did you, why'd you look this up? Like, what is this all about? And I think she wound up either getting fired or transferred to some other position or lost whatever clearance that she had. Interesting. But I've not heard that one. When I was young, I was like, whoa, aliens were real. But as an older man now looking back on it, I go, well, maybe what she was doing was inappropriate for her job. Like maybe what she was doing was demonstrating that she couldn't be trusted because she's doing something that's not, There was no request to look up little green men. Yeah. It was like she, she did it on her own. Is this a hundred percent factual?


Hard to tell. You know, it's hard sell Because it was a girl I dated. I don't, I don't really know. Oh, you dated Her? Yeah, I dated her. Yeah. This is nice. Yeah. Like, like I said, early nineties, I was living in New York. I had actually dated her in Boston. Then we met up again in New York a couple years later. So she was telling me about her job and then she was telling me, I'm like, check this out. I shouldn't be telling you this, but here. But part, because back then I was all in on UFOs. I was like, wow, UFO's Real. But as an older man, I look back and go, well, if you have some kid, You know, she was basically my age. She's probably 24 as well. And you are having this kid work in these terminals that has access to top secret information and they have clearance.


I would say, Hey, maybe you shouldn't be just looking up shit randomly. Yeah. You know, like, we can't have this kid, we can't trust this kid. You Know, it, it doesn't seem like everything's so compartmentalized in government and especially at, at the, at that kind of classified.


This episode is brought to you by the farmer's dog. We all want to do the best for our dogs, but there's a lot of mixed messaging out there. Take Kibble for example. You don't have to do too much digging to learn that kibble is actually ultra processed. That aside, they're vague serving suggestions. Make it very difficult for your dog to sustain a healthy weight. Now there's a better option. The Farmer's dog is healthy food made with real meat and vegetables by people who care about what goes into your dog's. Body Board certified nutritionist develop their recipes to be complete and balanced, making their food to the same safety standards as human food. It's lightly cooked to retain vital nutrients and then pre-portioned to suit your dog's needs. All this helps your dog reach and maintain their ideal weight. One of the biggest predictors of a longer, healthier life, try the Farmer's Dog today. You can get 50% off your first box of healthy freshly made food at the Farmer's dog.com/rogan. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to the farmer's dog.com/rogan. This offer is for new customers only.


This episode is brought to you by Den of Thieves two Pantera. You love the Action Heist Den of Thieves. And now it's back with a sequel that cranks it up a notch. Gerard Butler and OSHA Jackson Jr. Are returning to the franchise. But here's the Twist Butler's cop character, he's flipping the script and joining the heist. That's right. The cop goes gangster. And I can't wait to see the chaos unfold. See Deni Thieves two Pantera only in theaters January 10th,


Whatever security clearance level. I mean, there's whatever I, I didn't get that high up, but I've not seen like a database where you can just look anything up. Like, oh shit, who killed, who killed up JFK? Right. Let's look that up real quick. You know, it's, it's, it's, Well, You know what Trump said about that one, right? What did he say? Trump Said that if they showed you what they showed me, you wouldn't wanna release it either. Oh yeah. Yeah. I did hear that. Crazy. What a crazy thing to say. Yeah. That Can only mean one thing in my eyes. We Did it. Yeah. The only, the only thing that makes any sense is the United States did it. I mean, more and more just keeps unraveling, You Know, Tucker just comes out and says it openly.


He just says it openly. Yeah. CIA killed Kennedy. He has that crazy laugh. I don't, You know, I don't know who could actually say it other than the people that have read those papers and, You know, and who knows what they, You know, the, the, the president is basically a part-time employee, not a part-time employee, but a part, a short term employee. You know, if you've got a long running business and for some technicality every now and then you have to bring in some fucking CEO and he does a four year term and then hopefully he could finagle it so he gets another four year term if he's playing by the rules and you just bring 'em in and you Bring, it's a Good way to put it. Yeah. Why would you tell that guy who killed Kennedy?


Yeah. Yeah. They hid shit from him all the time. Yeah. Which is totally illegal. What Do you, what do you think about RFK? You know, possibly getting into, investigate all that stuff? I think it would be one of the best things for the health of the people in the United States. If you really care about health, I think there's a lot of us, and it was me at one point in time and I've gotten more educated about it. A lot of us are very ignorant about what we're doing to our bodies with food and with medications. Yeah. And I don't think we're being told the truth. And I think there's a reason why other countries, multiple other countries have banned food elements.


Food like ingredients that we use all the time. These red dyes, all these different, and this is all, There was just a, a recent thing that they did. Who, who was involved in that? Brigham testified in that. Yeah, That was yesterday. Right? They had all these health experts testify and they were all hammering this point over and over again. They were talking about the food additives. They were talking about glyphosate and how fucking dangerous glyphosate is. And like an enormous percentage of people show traces of glyphosate in their blood. We're getting it through all kinds of vegetables. It's ubiquitously sprayed on mono cropp agriculture crops. We're all just consuming these poisons. There's no reason to have fluoride in the water. There's fucking no reason we've been putting fluoride in the wall.


Keep your teeth clean. You don't want cavities. Yeah. It doesn't make any sense. Yeah. And we've been doing it forever and there's no reason to do it. And there's like real data that shows that high levels of fluoride and water lowers iq. The higher the fluoride is in water in certain areas, they can see a measurable dip in people's IQs. Wow. I didn't know that. Yeah. Have you, have you, have you messed around with the, have you heard of the Yuca app? No. Dude, you gotta get the Yuca app. What is it? So you basically scan anything like food related. It's YUKA Deodorant. How do spell I think it's, I think it's YUCA. There it is. Nice. There it is.


YUKA shout out to Yuca. There it is. See like honey nut. It's, so it'll tell you the additives in there Contains additives to avoid sugar And it'll tell you all the, look at that. It'll tell you all the chemicals and what's, what the chemicals do to you. Ah, That's genius. Yeah. It's pretty good. What A great ad. No ads. Alright. We just did an ad for them. Good For them though. But bad. But that's what people need. I think if RFK gets into office, he will expose a lot of this stuff just like he did when he was an environmental attorney. You know, people think of him as just the vaccine kook. Listen, you gotta look at that guy's. The, the history of that guy's work is all been about protecting people from corporations that are poisoning them.


Yeah. That's, that's literally what that guy did his whole career. And if he can do that with health, particularly with things that we can avoid. Look, There was one of the things they demonstrated is that Lucky Charms as sold in the United States, they don't sell the same one in Canada. In Canada. The dies that we use to make it all pretty and exciting for kids, they don't allow that 'cause it's fucking toxic. Yeah. So we allow it. Which means someone's corrupt. Yeah, someone's Corrupt. Probably the whole system. Maybe the, Probably the whole system is, is heavily influenced at, at the very least forget about bribery. Let's not even say bribery. Heavily in influenced by relationships that these people have with CEOs in these corporations and the boards of executives and this weird little revolving door between the FDA and the CDC and the all these different organizations.


And then they get, they leave and then they get this amazing job. Yeah. Working for some huge corporation that they were helping regulate just a few years ago. It's the most transparent thing It should be if insider trading is illegal, how's that legal? Good point. I mean, do you, does FDA approval even mean anything to you? Not to me. It doesn't to me. But it took a long time before I got to that. It took a long time before I really understood like why do we think that saturated fat is bad? Oh it was a lie by the sugar companies. Okay. Why? Why do people tell you that vitamin supplementation doesn't really help and you just need a balanced diet? Oh. Because doctors don't know jack shit about nutrition and that you're going to a guy who literally knows less than you because he went to medical school for how to fix knees or whatever the fuck he specialized in.


And you're taking this guy's advice and he doesn't know anything about nutrition. He's not read any peer reviewed data. Yeah. That guy's just trying to keep up. He's got fucking bills piling in and he's bringing people and shuffling 'em through the office and he's worried about his, you have insurance in case you, you fuck up malpractice insurance and you have to pay your medical school bills. And those guys are barely getting, they're floating. Yeah. They're trying to just run people through their office as fast as they can. Does it, Does it bother you if there's some type, I don't know, some type of a new, does it bother you if it's not FDA approved at all? If it's new, like nobody's looked into it. Well I wouldn't dig anything.


No one's looked, especially a drug. Yeah. Like it is just like, give it some time. Kids give it some time. I mean how many times do they have to pull drugs before people, like what is the percentage of drugs that the FDA approves and then pulls? I believe it's 25% is I have no Idea. Yeah, I think it's 25%. See if that's true. So this are the ones that they approve and then eventually they find out, oh, this stuff is terrible for you. And then they pull it. Yeah, I think it's 25%. Which, You know, what does it say? One third? Oh Shit. One third, a third. I was off according to 2017 study, which is probably worse now, about one third of drugs approved by the FDA within a 10 year period receive alerts, warnings, or recalls in the years following their approval.


That's fucking bananas. Wow. So give it some time kids. Yeah. Also, have you seen the Stephen Crowder undercover thing he did with that Covid Czar in New York? No. Have you seen that Jamie go to his page and find the most recent one? 'cause the most recent one is fascinating 'cause the most recent one, this guy is openly talking about how Monkeypox is not really a threat, but they're trying to present it as a threat so they can sell this medication. Interesting. And they're, they're talking about pushing this me, this guy's openly talking about monkey pox is really just gay guys. Get it from unprotected. Let's let it, the video. Hold on. That's not the video.


That's, that's the guy though, right? Yeah. Is it on his Instagram? Go to it. I'll show you which one it is. It's just not playing A video. Oh, maybe here. Yeah, that's it. But the teachers is it did it the teachers? No, no, no, no, no. That's not it. That's not it. That's because that's the one where he's talking about how he shut the, the city down. There's a recent one. No, that's it. That's the last one he played. I know. Maybe it's somewhere else. Lemme scroll down A little bit. See if you can find the one. See that one right there? That's that kind of, that's kind of yellow. That's yellow there. That's the one I played. But which one? There's gotta be one where he's talking about Monkeypox because That was the one I was watching today. I dunno.


See That's, that's not, because that's all about shutting the schools down. God damnit, we gotta find, it'll find, okay. Just find it and get to us because I, I know we, I might have watched it on XI probably thought I'm saying X now. Yeah. Good for, You know, I feel, I feel politically direct. Like when I call a transgender person a girl. She like You like that How I did that? I said she were He talking to him directly? No. Okay. No, that's not it. That's, that's crowd. Or confronting him when he's, that guy's fired now that guy's fuck. But the monkeypox one. God damn it. I know. I saved it. If you want, I can find it. I saved it on my phone because I was like, this is just so bonkers that these people are having conversations in public and openly admitting that they're trying to push people into taking drugs.


It don't even work. Have A link to the video though. Really interesting. God damnit, this is gonna be a problem. I'm not gonna find it If you see if just see if you could find it. It's gotta be out there. 'cause I watched it this morning. Did you go monkey px? Nothing. I mean it's just, it's gonna be in one of these links. I just have to, it's gonna take a second. Oh wait a hold up. Back up. Back up. That was right there. Right above that. Dr. J Varner. Okay. This is it. But it's Not the same thing as last one. It's not. There's no link To the video. Oh. So is it because the New York post doesn't show it? That's okay. We can just read what it says. 'cause it's kind of interesting.


We, we don't have to hear him say it, but Stephen Crowder has kind of decided to do this James O'Keefe type deal and I don't know how they do that. It's pretty wizardry. Yeah. You know, generally I think you get like a gay guy who likes to talk and, and some handsome dude who can sit down with this guy and get him a little tipsy. That seems to be happening. Gay guys like to spill the beans. He previously served senior health advisor to then Mayor Bill de Blassio well tasked with running big apples pandemic response. Okay. So he was talking about the approval process while discussing, discussing SIGA technologies, techno viviant or TPO drug.


So this is the drug for monkeypox. So it, so that's why spinning it in the media is helpful. We want the FDA to prove our drug specifically for monkeypox. And right now it's only considered experimental and they won't approve it. He said. And the TPOs is not approved by the FDA for treatment of MPO X, but could be used to treat PA patients as part of a clinical trial known as the study of techno vima for human MPOs virus. According to Cigna technologies. The company's website added that the stomp trial is being conducted to evaluate the efficacy of TPO for the treatment of Empo x. Varner then griped that the video filmed on August 14th that his then employer is stuck with our drug, but the people aren't going to be as confident in it because the data doesn't look as strong as it should.


And so then later he starts talking about the stock prices. So he says sometimes you do a study and it's fucking, nothing works at all. Or people get really sick from it. He says in the covert recording, the problem is if you do another study, it'll take a year or two to do it Because you have to get the ethics approval. You gotta get the money, you gotta get the patients to come in in the videos. Varma then Gloated about how he knows the reporters well and referenced a September interview with New York Times on Empo, which touted the tepo as a drug used to treat MPOs infection. He also described the World Health Organization's emergency authorization process before explaining how he wants the media to report on tpo. So he was talking, one of the things in the video, he was talking about stock prices.


So they're talking about making it look like these drugs do better than they do. Getting people to prescribe them. Okay, hold on. Start. Go on. Okay. So basically we're trying to get the media to say is, oh, the drug didn't work because it was designed the wrong way. So they're gonna do another study and it'll probably work and in the meantime people just prescribe it as an emergency drug. That's what we want the story to be. Which is wild to say out loud. And he said the risk of OCH spreading in the US is very low and it's almost certainly going to stay among gay men. Yeah. So it's all just, it's supposedly only like I don I don't think in America.


Like I think four people have died from it, which is you gotta go hard. That's it. Huh? You gotta go hard and died from that. You, You quit right before they talked about the 10 person sex parties. Oh yeah. That was a, That was another thing. That was when he got busted for having parties during the covid lockdowns while he was encouraging the lockdowns. Wow. So he You didn't hear that part? No. Oh. So he got Crowder got him on camera saying that he was doing Molly and partying and saying, I hope somebody doesn't see me doing this because I could get in real trouble. 'cause You know, obviously I, I reinforced the, the lockdowns. Wow. I mean surprising, but not, You know, Boy, everybody's eyes have been opened up over the last few years.


At least. People that are trying to pay attention to how nutty the the people are who actually run the show. Yeah. Yeah. It's lot of people are. I mean, it's crazy. It's like everything you knew is just flipped upside down. It's like a bunch of actors are running it. That's what it's like. 'cause that's what they're really like. What politicians are like, are like, actors are not quite good looking enough to get into movies and television shows. They, they can't host entertainment tonight, but they can read off a teleprompter, You know, and they could do a good per like, look, Kamala Harris had one good read off a teleprompter and she shot up in the polls. That's the power of just a performance.


When you wanna believe something, you wanna believe that's true. I mean, I just, I don't believe anything anymore. You know, I just, I can't, well I was watching this, these guys were breaking down, You know, they, they can track cell phones. They could figure out like whose cell phone was there. They, they can get metadata. And they were talking about these Kamala Harris rallies about how organized they're, these people are coming in on buses and many of them have been to multiple rallies. And that when this one, this one local one, like 80% of the people came from somewhere else and they were all bused in. And How do they know that? How do they know that? Well, I'll, I'll send this to Jamie 'cause this one I actually have, but I think they know it because of the da. You could track data on a phone now.


Oh, they're doing the geofencing stuff. I don't know exactly how they do it, but they're doing something in which they can tell when, when your phone has been in an area. Okay. I found this guy's, I found, I found his, the other video. Yeah. Here, I'll show it to you Jamie. 'cause it's even grosser hearing it come out of this guy's mouth. This is an hour and a half video on his YouTube channel that I think it's Taken from. Yeah, but this is the, the clip. I'm sending you the clip from Instagram for whatever. I don't know if Instagram's hiding it. I don't know what's happening. But They wouldn't do That was On No, I was, it's on his louder with Crowder page. That's Why. Oh, Is that what it is? Yeah. Okay.


God, I hate looking up things on my phone in the middle of a fucking show. But sometimes you have to. So these guys, what, what they were, what they were, essentially what they were showing is that, oh, here it is. That people, it's just very organized and people are being bused in and You know, is that okay? Is that ethical? I mean, maybe just making it more convenient for them to go to the Kamala Harris rally. Nothing wrong with that. Yeah. But if you are organizing crowds, like say if you do a game show, like if you host a game show, You know, wheel of Fortune. Hello ladies and gentlemen. Those people are all paid. They're, most of them are. Or sometimes you, you let fans do it for like a very popular show.


But I have personally been on a lot of shows where the audience is paid. So interesting. It's, it's basically like, like if you're filming a sitcom, you can, and nobody knows what the sitcom is. You, there's a company that you can hire and you pay the audience to come in and the the people cheer, they have an applause sign. Everybody cheers. They laugh when you tell 'em to laugh. Like there's a guy in the audience. It's like doing this to them that the people at home don't see. So it's just, it's all theater. Right. So they could do that same strategy for a political rally. Yeah. Easily. If you're talking about all the money that's, you're gonna be in control of when you are the president of the United States, which is a spectacular position.


Not just that, but then all the money you're gonna make and appearances and every for forever. Right. You're gonna do Goldman Sachs talks and make a half a million dollars for no apparent reason. There's so much money involved. You don't think you would pay audiences to come and cheer? That's cheap. Yeah. I mean that's cheap. I don't know. I don't, do you think that's immoral? Well, I think we have like very loose rules on what you're allowed to do and what you're not allowed to do. Like There was a lot of outrage because people were saying that A, B, C somehow or another had gotten the subject matter to Kamala. And that they had agreed to Kamala that they were not going to ask her about her pol her da record when she was in California.


And that they were not gonna talk about some other person she was involved with that might be in trouble and they weren't, weren't gonna fact check her. And then they said they were only gonna fact check Donald Trump. Yeah. Which is what led to her saying quite a few things that weren't true. And no one said anything about it, particularly about troops being deployed overseas. Yeah. Do you see that video where the troops, Oh yeah. Troops Are Like it. What the fuck you talking about? I mean, I got a really good, really good friend of mine that's deployed in overseas right now and Not, not according to Kabbala Harris. And Yeah, he's sniping bad guys over in, in Africa. Yeah. How, How mad would he be if he heard that?


I mean, they're pissed You. Oh. Oh, I'm not in a war zone. They're pissed. They should be pissed. So this is from an Instagram account. I don't know what podcast this clip came from, but let's just play it. Rally 5,003 mobile devices at Kamala Harris's rally in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday afternoon it appears over 3,600 came from Georgia, mainly Atlanta, Georgia. And approximately 720 from Savannah, Georgia. So that's a North Carolina rally with almost 80% of the attendees being from Georgia. After you do the math, that's only 600 or so local people from North Carolina that attended. That's it. That's all.


Who shows up? And you're planning to what? Get 80 something million votes again, something ain't right. And then all these people come from buses and it's kind of weird. 'cause at the Trump events, you don't really have like organized buses like that. People just kind of show up and park on their own. But at the Kamala rally, there's just these lines of buses at every event, which is weird. And a lot of the people are also the same people that attend multiple rallies. Can you read those tweets? Any of the same ones from previous event? 'cause this guy's tracking the cell phones I guess, and he says 90% have been to three plus rallies. 54% were even at Arizona and Nevada rallies Now. It's, so that's all the stake. It could be that she's so popular that it's like Swifties, they just follow her around.


Or it could be like, You know, the Grateful Dead was in the 1970s maybe. Maybe that's what's going on. Maybe she's just so amazing all a sudden. Maybe she just, Stella got her groove, You know, something happened and she just kicked into gear and now she's her best self. Yeah. You know her best self. She's gonna be the president. Yay. Let's go to these rallies. I'm sure that's what's going on. Could be that. It could. I Mean it could be that. I don't think it's really immoral. I mean it's Just, it's Only immoral. It's just a, it's just a rally. Well, everybody wants their rally to be full. I mean, You know, it's just, I don't, it's a facade man. Yeah, it's just a facade. If you could do it for a game show, you could do it for a political event.


I don't think it's immoral. I think if they did give her the questions and they really did. And this is a, someone signed an affidavit, see what's going on with that. See what's, what's the latest with that, Jamie? So someone signed an affidavit That was an A B, C employee that claims these things. And it was very clear. There was bias. There was very clear that they were fact checking him and not fact checking her. But it was, You know, unfortunately he doesn't do himself any favors. 'cause he kind of goes off the rail sometimes. They're eating dogs, they're eating cats. Which by the way, they may very well be doing that. That's, that's the thing they do in Haiti sometimes. Sometimes they sacrifice animals in, You know, they have local rituals, religious rituals that they do.


I mean, this has been going on for a long time though. You know, sometimes the Kung p chicken is a chicken. Right. You know, so, I mean, that's a real thing. That's a real thing. And to try to pretend that it's racist to say that No, no, no. Humans sometimes will do things according To this. It says that this started with a claim. That There was an affidavit, But I don't know that it's ever been actually presented to anyone. Mm. Interesting. Didn't, didn't it get discussed on Twitter? And people were posting about the veracity of it. Who? I think Elon even put it on his po. Who is No Colin Rug I know had it on his. Oh yeah.


I think it's probably gonna be hard to tell him unless charges are Filed, made it to Congress. But it doesn't say that it was, I don't See it said it made it to Congress. They talked about it. But Bill, If the claim is accurate, that's right. Bill Ackman was the guy who tweeted it, didn't know if the claim was accurate, but shared it anyway. Which is what's fun. It's fun to do on the internet. Vance addressed the supposed whistleblowers allegations with the reporters saying it should be a national scandal if true. Trump again mentioned the whistleblower September 13th at a rally in Las Vegas claiming that Harris had received the debate questions in advance. Fortunately we had a leaker, or a whistleblower, I don't care, which I love that person. The way he talks is, is such a Trump statement. Rep representative Dan Mauser.


Meuser Meuser and Pennsylvania said a Fox News interview that he would try to bring in a b, c news and the whistleblower before Congress to testify about the affidavit. Hmm. And they said that the person who did it was killed in a car crash. And that seems to be false. Yeah. That was a, That was ARMRA amplified by Marjorie Taylor Greene, who also doesn't do herself any favors. I think they do stuff like that. This is, this is my take on that. When I saw all these people tweeting that the guy died in a car crash, I was like, that might be a trap. That one might be a trap. Yeah. Like, I think they do stuff like that. Well, they'll throw out a fake story and get people to share it like, You know, without looking into it at all.


And it turns out to be complete horse shit. And it makes the whole thing look like horse shit now. Now it looks like the makes the affidavit, it's at least connected to horse shit. Yeah. You know what I mean? I mean, it's a good tactic. Yeah. Smart tactic. You know, They get a lot of good tactics. They're very organized, which is really interesting. And that's one of the things about Trump is that he's so dominant and he's so swing from the hip that no one can kind of corral him. You know? And it seems like she's really open to being coached. Like some of these speeches are very different than any speeches she's ever given before. And you see the difference between that and then like, did you see the Oprah interview?


No. She's off the rails. Yeah, off The rails. I heard about it. End of fucking wine mom country again. Wow. Tim Dillon is the best. Tim Dylan's like, she's saying gypsy curses. Like, What is, What is she saying? Oh man. It's Like when you get her off the rails and she is pro, it's kind of fucked up. Right? Because that's not the job. The job is not being able to sound cool in an interview with Oprah. That's not the job. But that's the most important part about getting the job. I just want to hear


It's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in on all the hoops. Football and hockey action at DraftKings Sports book. In the season of giving, we're being gifted college football and basketball, pro football and basketball and pro hockey too. Almost 24 7 money lines parlays, props, live bets, and so much more. The betting options feel endless on DraftKings. Best of all, it's safe, secure, and reliable with 24 7 support. And here's a gift for all new customers. Bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins when you bet just five bucks Happy holidays from DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone You know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. Bet must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


Like, You know how they're gonna accomplish all this stuff? Well, They're gonna do it once they get in. Even though they're already in Yeah. That's, that's the, that seems to be the typical response, right? Well, one thing that you could see, like really clearly is there is a ferocious effort to stop Donald Trump from becoming president again. That I've never seen before. I've never seen, I've seen tight races, I've seen people very divided. You know, I, I've seen it for years. There's always been like a division between the Republicans and Democrats in this country, but not like this. Not like this where the, the guy almost gets killed twice and they don't even talk about it. It's scary, man.


It's nuts. It's Scary. Almost gets killed twice. And the second one, they just brushed it off. Like, I don't even think the guy got a shot off, huh? Yeah. Like the guy was set up at a golf course for 12 hours with a bulletproof vest on an AK 47 and was specifically there to kill Trump. And you don't think that's crazy? I think it's crazy. They didn't cover it either. I mean, it barely got covered. Barely. Barely in and out. And then the brother of the guy or the guy's son gets arrested for child pornography, which is, Do You know, have you looked into the BlackRock commercial stuff at all? Is that real? Well, the one shooter was in the BlackRock commercial. That was the kid that tried to kill Trump. Yeah.


They said that this guy was in a BlackRock commercial, But I heard that that's not true. It's bullshit. But That could be another one that they just throw out there. That's Yeah. Right. You Throw one out there like that and then people retweet it and those people look stupid Because you retweeted something dumb and then it just, it weakens the public's faith in what you have to say about things and also makes the story look stupid. Like those, like that story about, that whistleblower will forever be connected to people retweeting the fact that he died in a car accident, even though he didn't die in a car accident. Yeah. So it's always gonna be shrouded and bullshit. Yeah. Yeah. It's Kind of genius. It is, man. It's, it's, it's, I mean it's, it's a great way to discredit Yeah.


It's a great way to get somebody elected. Yeah. Good point. Good point. It's just, It's when you're seeing the manipulation just in full bloom, just marching down the street in front of everybody and, and no one's freaking out about it. That's what's really weird. What do you think, I mean, have you thought about who's behind all this? These assassination attempts? You think they're lone wolfs or, Well, was it Matt Gaetz That was saying that he's been informed that there's five different kill teams looking for Trump in the country right now? Somebody did just say that Two of them are domestic. I think Trump said that. I was just looking at Trump said it.


There's five guys. They think they're gonna get me. They're not gonna get me. Yeah, we got two right here. So what is the quote? Big threats on my life by Iran. The US military is watching and waiting moves already been made by Iran. That didn't work out. But they will try again. Not a good situation for anyone. I'm surrounded by more men, guns and weapons than I have ever seen before. Thank you to Congress for unanimously approving far more money to secret service. Zero no votes. What? What? Zero no votes. Strictly bipartisan. Okay. Oh, I understand. Zero no votes. Like no one voted against it.


Strictly bipartisan. Nice to see Republicans and Democrats get together on something. An attack on a former president is a death wish for the attacker. Yeah. It wasn't just him That was saying that though. It was, was I'm, I'm pretty sure it was Matt Gates. I know. I have that saved too, if you wanna, but, so if there really are five different kill teams in in the country looking for Trump right now, that's just insane. I bet it should be hard to find him. You know? I mean, he has rallies, You know, giant rallies. Yeah. In New York There was 60,000 people. That's insane. See, that's the difference between the Kamala Harris rallies, if that's of buses, if that guy's telling the truth, if that guy's tell the truth and they really are just sort of manipulating this and putting on theater.


That's a big difference between what's happening with Trump. Yeah. If he's, he got organically got 60,000 people to come see him and and freak out in New York. It's kind of, the media is a monster. It really is. It is a, it's a, it's such an obvious monster, such a deceptive, sneaky propagandist monster. It's, It's How long do you think the media has left? They'll be around You think So? It all depends on who gets into office really. It depends on, so the real fear was when they started getting their claws into Twitter, the real fear was when the government started suppressing accurate information and Twitter, let them do it.


That's, That was scary. Close. So Elon buys Twitter releases, the Twitter files, Michael Shellenberger, Matt Taibbi and all those journalists, they all uncover all these different aspects that's super disturbing and totally illegal. And they release everything. And then Twitter becomes kind of crazy. Like Twitter's wild now. Like there's, it's just, it's totally wild, wild west unregulated. And then the, what do you got, Jamie? This is it. I got, Yeah. Okay. One of the five known teams hunting President Trump before Butler Pennsylvania attempt was Ukrainian. So this is Matt Gaetz talking about this.


But I think that if that hadn't happened, so if all of social media remained like staunch leftist left wing, just giving completely into whatever propaganda the government wants to give them regarding vaccines or, or, or Ukraine or anything else with no critical arguments about it that are accepted. It just, anybody who doesn't follow the narrative, especially people like, You know, they, they censored people from Stanford and MI t They pull, they were trying to tell them to pull those guy like Jay Charya all these doctors.


I know that about Covid. Yeah. Oh yeah, I did, I did. Censoring like legitimate experts in the field who aren't kooks guys like Peter McCullough, who's the most published doctor in his field of study in human history. And they're like, no, no, you're a kook. You're a kook. It's, it's, it's, and we know now that That was not true and he was correct. Now we all know, right? All these years later, most people kind of know what the fuck happened. Even the people reluctant to admit they got duped. Yeah. If they, if Elon does not come along and buy Twitter, I don't know where we are right now. I really don't. Because if they had the clamps on Twitter then and they did the same thing with Twitter that they're doing right now with other social media apps, it would be fucking awful out there.


I know, man. It's Elon's been a blessing. He really has Thus far. You know, it's, it's a, it's a big one. I mean, I, I don't, I don't think they're gonna be around that much longer. I, I feel like that the media will die with the baby boomer generation. I think if Elon didn't buy Twitter, they would've been fine. I really do. Probably The only thing that fucks them up is YouTube. But they've got a clamp on YouTube too. You know, YouTube is, they're very restrictive in what you can talk about. Oh yeah. Very. Especially during the pandemic. They would ban you from YouTube for talking about things that we know for a fact are true now.


It's, we dealt with a lot of that. We Dealt with a lot of it. Right. I'll bet you did too. Oh yeah. Anybody on YouTube. I mean, you have to like parse your words, You know, like Jimmy Dore, even when he is criticizing the vaccine, he's like, but you should take the vaccine because it's safe and effective. Yeah. He always has to say it like to cover his ass. Like it, It is a Joke. It was it nice for you to come off YouTube? Did you, and did you enjoy that when it first happened? My Like it a huge, my strategy was paid In the ass gone. No, no. I don't pay attention to it. But my strategy was to become 10% less famous because, so when I went over to Spotify, Spotify was gonna gimme all this money and I was like, oh great. Just, I'd fucking be a little less famous too. That'd be good. Like, it kind of like go the Howard Stern route kind of fade off into the sunset.


Yeah. Did it Work? No, it didn't work. Did I know I was gonna get caught up in this massive controversy, You know? But it also, even back even after, before that this podcast was growing on Spotify a little too quick, but so there's no like extra pressure being on YouTube, but there is a pressure if you're relying on YouTube, if you're relying on them. I guess I meant with the, because they'll demonetize you. That's what I meant. I meant with like the censorship stuff. I was wondering, You know, wanna Hear something interesting. Yeah, we got demonetized all the time. A lot of episodes got demonetized until we announced that we're gonna go exclusive to Spotify. And then from that moment out There was like a few months of a window.


No kidding. They never demonetize us. They just took all the money. Like, Don't go Joe. No they didn't. No, no, no. It wasn't that they wanted the money now. Interesting. Like why would they demonetize me? 'cause they don't get it cut either. So what they're trying to do essentially is get you to fall in line by getting you to self-censor because it benefits you financially. It's, it's a creepy, it's a creepy form of censorship Because you do it to yourself and it's kind of okay Because you can't really prove that they got you to not talk about things you wanted to talk about. And they can't really prove that you followed this public narrative just Because you want to keep your job. I mean, I, You know, what really bothers me is 'cause we both put a lot into this, You know, and, and what bothers me, it's like, just tell me what you want me to take out.


What is it? Yeah. But I don't even want, we'll fucking tell you I don't want to talk to them. This is, this is how my feeling on the thing is. I don't think they should be talking to people, but what to put in. I think if you're not doing anything illegal, if you're not saying anything illegal or doing anything illegal, don't take it off. Some, some of it, I, I'm totally with you. Some, some of it I get, You know, of like, You know, pedophilia a hundred percent Illegal stuff. Even language. I mean, there's three year olds out watch. I got a 3-year-old kid, You know, he's watching YouTube right. But they have YouTube kids, like YouTube kids is great. So I get it when they like mark my shit with a 18 plus. But if, if, but they won't tell me, You know?


Right. It's like, well just like I, I can't correct the fucking problem if you don't tell me what it is. Right. And, and I mean, I mean they just don't, they don't want to abide they don't wanna box themselves in and not be able to or censor somebody. Yeah. There's that and there's no benefit for them to tell you what you said That was wrong. There's no benefit. The the, the good thing is to get you to self-censor. That's the best to put the thread over you. That's why they give you strikes. One strike, two strikes. Sean, you got three strikes. You know, it's kind of silly. It's weird. It's like is this the penal system or is this a goddamn social media platform? Yeah. Yeah. It should be.


If advertisers don't want to advertise on that particular content. Okay. That seems easy to manage guys. And guess what, there'd be a lot of advertisers that would be willing to advertise on that content. You're just not being creative enough, creative enough with your advertisement if you're just treating it as a business. Or are you treating it as not just a social media video website, but a way to push and a way to amplify a very specific message. I mean, if you can control what comes out of people's mouths and you can control what they think. Yeah. And if, You know, if you're making a lot of money on YouTube and you're doing great, like, wow, I've got a fucking real good life now.


And then all of a sudden YouTube comes along and says, oh, you were talking about the vaccine, Sean, Sean, we can't have covid vaccine misinformation on our platform. This is gonna cost lives. And some, some platforms make you do like a reeducation thing where you have to like talk to them and have conversations with them about what you did that may have been offensive or what you did that may have violated the terms and conditions that they have for their community. Yeah, I think we had to do that. I think we did that. I think we Had to do that. Fucking creepy, that shit's fucking creepy because you're dealing with some fucking woke kid in Silicon Valley who up talks and this person.


Okay. What you're doing, Sean, right now with your show, I know that you don't think it's harmful, but it really is. It really is. It's truly harmful. Yeah. It's truly harmful. Exposing government corruption and I can tell I can, it's it's, yeah, it's real harmful though, right? But It's fucking weird to the government. Weird man. It's weird But I love the fact that at least it exists. And even though it's not perfect, 'cause I don't think YouTube can be perfect 'cause they're managing at scale in order for them to get all the pornography and the murder. You know, like cartels upload murder videos to YouTube. Like they're constantly trying to put out fires. You imagine the amount of data that YouTube has to deal with on a daily basis.


Yeah. It kind of behooves them to just, it just fucking give them strikes, threaten them. Let's just slow everything down. Like too much of this is getting us in trouble. We just wanna make a lot of money. Yeah. Like I get it, I get it. There's only one YouTube. It's kind of genius and it's a perfect setup. Like the algorithm where it's constantly like recommending stuff that you're interested in. It's fucking great, great time waster, but it's also a tool for shaping narratives. And if only one narrative is pushed out there and other narratives will literally get you demonetized. So you lose your ability to make a living and then possibly get your whole channel removed.


Which it did to many people. They just removed their whole channel. Wabi, where do you think this is gonna end? You think it is gonna end? That should be, all that stuff we talked about should be illegal. That should stuff should be covered in the First amendment. Demonetization. No, because look, if you want to have standards where you say that the advertisers that we have, we have a group of advertisers and they have requested no shows where someone swears no, no shows where someone talks about sex, no shows where someone talks about over drinking or anything like that. And they just have rules. We don't wanna be associated with that. That, okay, that's totally reasonable.


But when you wanna like stop a channel from uploading a video 'cause they're making an argument that maybe the lab leak hypothesis is legitimate and you're pulling that off the air, well now what are you doing if you're, you're deleting an episode that's accurate about really dangerous information. Dangerous information, not just to us, but also to the organizations that, that paid for this, these crazy gain of function research projects. Like what the fuck are you doing and what did you do? And if you were talking about that on YouTube and even expressing your ability to just guess that maybe it came from that area.


Like have you ever seen that John Stewart interview where he was on the, the Colbert Show? Yeah. Fucking amazing. Right? Yeah. Amazing. But even that like Colbert's trying to stop him and like just saying maybe these people are working on these fucking viruses. Let one leak maybe that would get you removed from YouTube. That's that's a violation of the first amendment in my opinion. Yeah, Because you are, you should, especially some of these people were very informed people. They were biologists and they were talking about the very specific design of this virus, the fairing cleavage sites and how it's very different than anything you see from a natural spillover. They were, they were talking about technical, very specific details and they were getting banned. Like Brett Weinstein almost lost his channel.


He almost Lost his I didn't know that. Yes. I didn't know that. We had to have him on do an emergency podcast and like let people know what the fuck is going on. Damn. They almost pulled his channel. Damn. That's, And he's a biologist, a brilliant one. And he's talking about real information. It's scary, man. I mean, I don't know. I I I think about it all the time, obviously. I mean, I mean it's industries, So it just, I I I hope x You know, turns out to be the new, the new thing. I Don't think X is going anywhere. I think Elon knows how important it is and he's got all the money in the world. I think he'll keep that bitch running. And I think it's also getting attached to AI now, which is gonna be an insane money maker.


I don't think X has any problems. I think X is, he's gonna grow it into some sort of an all in one app. He'll probably have cryptocurrency on it and private messaging and phone calls. You'll, you'll be able to shop on it. That's what it's, it's probably going to be, if I had to guess. And I think that for places like Rumble, the more places like YouTube and Facebook and all these other places more they can find people and more, they force people into these boxes and make people tow the line if they wanna make any money off of advertising or if they don't wanna get their channel deleted, the more companies like Rumble will emerge. That's what I think. I think there's gonna be, just, right now rumble's a a hard sell for some folks 'cause they see it as like, oh, it's a right wing fucking like a maga I'm not going true social.


It's truth social video. You know, there's a lot of people that have those prejudices, but You know, Russell Brand's on there, a lot of people are on there. It's a good platform and it's an important platform and it should, we should like support it and want it to grow. We should want 'em all to grow. Like Spotify's got video now. We need more video because audio's just not enough. You know, just audio podcasts. You, you, you want, you want people to share things virally. Yeah. And the virally stuff. It's, it's all like Elon Musk when he smoked a blunt on my podcast, that's all video. Yeah. You want video of that. Yeah. And the more we have platforms where that stuff is just free, where you can just say whatever you want, say whatever you think about anything, which really, X and Rumble are the only places that I know of that you could really do that right now.


Have You, have you had any problem on audio at All? No. Good. No. Good. I haven't either. It's Yeah, audio is like, they're leaving that alone for now. I think it's probably 'cause it's not as easily shared. Right. That's that's what's coming next. Yeah, probably. I mean, all they would've to do is just put images of you and images of me and then have our audio and upload that as a video and then maybe they would start coming after audio. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I hope, You know, I just, I just hope this shit starts to turn around. I do too, But I don't think it turns around if Kamala Harris gets into office, I think they clamp down more. I think the same stuff that they were trying to do with Twitter, they're, they'll try to do with something else and with other things.


They've already openly discussed it. You know, she's openly discussed that the same rules have to apply to Facebook, they have to apply to Twitter and that Elon Musk could lose his privileges. And like, there's so many wild things that they're saying. Tim Wal said that the First Amendment doesn't apply to misinformation or hate speech. Okay. Well it certainly does. It does. Yeah. You know, sometimes people say things wrong and the, the, the, the goal of the First Amendment is you say something wrong and then this guy who's an expert says the right thing. Yeah. You know, and then you correct him. Yeah. I mean the, the misinformation. I mean, it's all opinion, right? You know? Well, so much of it turns out to be true. How about masks don't work? You would get screamed at for masks Don't work.


I don Well, guess what I don remember. They don't fucking work. They don't work. I remember Fauci said, masks don't work. Remember that interview before the pandemic before they knew how big it was gonna be? Yes. He was like, you don't have to wear a mask. Then it was worth two. Then It was where doubles Put two face diapers on It's bananas. How easily people fell in line. That scared me the most. I know it, it was, I mean it's like they, it's like, what were You like what are you, There's a lot. There's nothing they won't do. Right? There's nothing they won't do. There's A lot of cowards out there. There's a lot of people that have never been pushed and they don't know what to do when they get nervous and they're out there voting. Do, do you think they're cowards or do you think they just, they're just lazy and they like being told what to do?


There's both. It takes all the decisions outta their day. There's Both, but there's also people that are scared of a negative response. So they say what everybody wants them to say. You know, somebody described this really very eloquently and I, and I saved it on my phone 'cause I was like, this guy nailed it. But essentially they were saying like, especially with beta males, they don't say something because they have an opinion and they really wanna express that opinion. They say something and they consider, am I gonna get in trouble if I say this? And then if they, if that's the case, they don't and are, am I gonna get in trouble if I agree with them and probably not.


'cause right wing people don't really go after you the same way left-wing people do. Like, if you wanna talk about like a woman's right to choose, if you wanna say, I agree with a woman's right to choose, but like Bill Burr's bit, you ever see that bit? And he goes, I think I agree with a woman's right to choose, But I also think you're killing a baby. You know, it's a kind of a crazy bit. It's 'cause it's, it's really funny 'cause he's brilliant, but it's just, that's really what it is. I mean, that's the truth. That is What it is. It is what it is It, I mean, factually that is what it is. And this is coming from someone who's pro-choice. But I think that if you, You know, if you look at all the things that they have that distract us, all the different things that are in the news constantly, whether it's the Diddy raid or fucking J-Lo and Ben Affleck are breaking up and you're just getting force fed all kinds of shit while the border is wide open.


While they have apps where people can get flights. The BP one app, what The fuck? Yeah, That sounds like the, You know, I had Chamath on, do, do You know Chamath? I don, I don't wanna mispronounce his last name. I'll fuck it up. Brilliant, brilliant guy. And We were talking about how hard it was for his family to legally immigrate into this country and how difficult it was to, to get a visa. And I mean, It is a brilliant guy. It was one of the, he started Facebook, You know, he was one of the original guys at Facebook and he's this guy who did it the right way. And every step of the way There was this tremendous anxiety when he would go to get his visa renewed. 'cause he didn't know if he was gonna get kicked outta the country.


'cause someone couldn't arbitrarily go, You know what, not good enough. 'cause he had to prove to be here that he has skills that an American doesn't have. Yeah. That he's, he's a real expert in something. You know, there I went down to the border about, I think it was about two, two years ago-ish, maybe a little longer. And I went down with Ed Calderone and I love Ed. Yeah. What a great guy. Right? He's a great guy. I've met him on a couple times. Yeah, that's, well that's where I found him, so thank you. But, but, so, no, I went down to TJ with him and this was, this was like, before it really, really hit the, hit the news cycle.


And we walked into a migrant camp. There's probably a couple thousand migrants there. And so I yanked one of them out and interviewed him and, You know, used Ed to, to help translate. And I mean, the guy's been sitting there for like, I think he was there with his wife and kids for like two years. And I a I was like, why don't you just like go across, dude. It's, I mean, it's it's an honest question. Like why don't you just go across? He said he wanted to do it the right way. Wow. You know, he is like, no, he is like, I just want to do it the right way. And Oh my God, He's running around with this little battery pack charging cell phones for 50 cents, You know?


And I'm like, I'm just like, fuck it. Hey man. Like, why don't, like why don't they just, 'cause I don't, I don nobody's anti-immigration. No, not that I know of. And it's, no, we're anti Why don't Terrorists UNF speaking in. Yeah. Why don't you just unfuck the immigration process and maybe we can get some more people in here quicker legally if you do that. And then we actually know who's coming in and we have documentation of who they are and wouldn't that be nice? Yeah. You know, but it Meanwhile that's racist. Yeah. Yeah. So, and they want 'em to vote, which is even crazier. And they're pumping 'em out into swing states. It's so transparent. It's, it's happening right in front of everybody's face.


And it's, it's a wild grab for power. And the only people talking about are people like us, which is really crazy. They, the only people that are talking about it are people that aren't really connected to some sort of a executive corporation. A bunch of producers, a bunch of people telling you what to do. Yeah. I mean, this is not even something that, You know, that Rightwing News wants to discuss. Good point. Good point. I mean, have you, have you, have you done any digging on who's coming across there and Yeah, it's It's gonna get bad. I talked to Dr. Phil about it. Dr. Phil did this big investigation. You know, he's got that, he's got his own network now. Merit Media. He's gotten so bad that Dr. Phil decided he has to start a network for news.


Good for him, man. He's a great guy. Good for him, great guy. You know. But he was essentially, You know, talking about how this, the, they really don't know how many people that are coming through that are criminals. They're dropping off their, their IDs on the Mexican side. They just get rid of their IDs so that when they cross over, they have nothing on them. You don't know who they are. You don't know what they've done. Gang members, cartel members, guys escaping Venezuelan prisons. No one knows. Yeah. All you have to do is get over here and we'll give you an EBT card. We'll set you up. Go to New York City to put you in a nice hotel to give you free food. And meanwhile, there's poor people in Chicago that are like, what about us? What about American citizens that pay tax dollars?


You guys don't give a fuck about us. Yeah. You, you haven't done anything for us. Why? Because they know those people are gonna vote Democrat. That's a good point. They know They already got 'em. They already got 'em. We've got those people. Statistically, they look at the numbers like, statistically, we've always, this has gone blue. We're fine. Yeah, we're good. Yeah. Let's just, let's, let's just get some people in them swing states. And It's fucking scary, man. I mean, I've been, I've been diving into the border, she for quite a while and, and ever since this Afghanistan withdraw that like, I mean That was like a big, I mean That was just fucking Horrible. Did you talk to Tim about that? Tim Kennedy When you had him On? A little bit. A little bit. Dude, he told me some shit.


He told me some shit that he just, you can't imagine like that guy saw so much overseas and he said the worst things he ever saw was the, the Afghanistan pullout. Dude. I've, I've, do You know who Tyler Andrew Vargas is? No, that's the, that's the one Marine that survived that big ex that suicide bombing at Abbey Gate. Oh, Abbey Gate was, they killed 13 Marines. Yeah. And so I, I called him, well, everybody wanted him to come on the show. And I was like, oh, I'm never gonna get this fucking guy, like all the media. Everybody wants him. And, But I was like, all right, fine, I'll reach out. So hit him on, hit him on the, on the gram and messaged right back.


And he got in and he's like, man, he is like, I'm so glad that you reached out to me. He's like, I was literally just praying with my fiance that you would reach out. 'cause he, wow. He had just did a, a, B, C, good Morning America interview. Interviewed for seven hours. They released five seconds of that interview. 'cause it made the administration look so fucking bad. They wouldn't, they wouldn't air it. Wow. So I got him on, kept getting dinged, You know, by YouTube. They didn't like, they didn't like the, the real footage. It was, which was actually like from his cell phone that we put, we do previews and shit, but man, like to, to have like his, You know, testimony about what happened that day and, and, and then the, the care that afterwards, which was a fucking atrocious, You know, guy, I watched this guy, my studio's on the second story and I would watch a, You know, 23-year-old kid hobble up those fucking stairs with one leg, one arm, all kinds of shit going on his intestine.


I mean, I just, I was like, man, what the fuck, man, this didn't even happen to happen. They had the guy, they had the fucking guy in the sights. They could have killed him. And, You know, nobody, nobody gave him permission. I just, You know, maybe they, I mean, I can't backseat quarterback it, but maybe they shouldn't have asked. Just Yeah. Eliminated him. Jesus Christ. But I mean, he's talking about, You know, before we got into the actual incident, he was talking about, You know, like, like moms trying to throw their babies over, over the wall and getting caught up in razor wire and Yeah. Just seeing a fucking baby dangle there by the leg.


Yeah. That's, You know, it's, and there's like, no, You know, there's no repercussions for how that went down. The media just wants to fucking cover it up. And so, so I, I started digging deep and I teamed up with the former ca targeter, Sarah Adams, and then really good friend of mine, Scott Manam. We went over to Vienna to interview this guy, Ahad Massou, who's the leader, the commander of the Northern Alliance out there. That's like the resistance. It's kind of fighting the Taliban. You know, the Taliban pretty much took over a government in Afghanistan and I saw the parade. Yeah. With our shit. With all our shit.


All shit that we left there. Crazy. Yeah, man. So I got a bunch of intel from Massou and, and You know, like, so kind of, of looping all the way back around to the southern border. I mean, So it, once Taliban took control of all of our shit. I mean this, this could go on for a while, but, so the, so now what they're doing is they have the, they have the passport office over there just making legitimate passports to, there's now there's 21 terrorist organizations over there training Hanza bin Lain, who We were told was killed, is actually fucking alive.


And he's marrying into all these other terrorist networks. So he married Moola Omar's daughter. He married who else? He, he married into all these different terrorist networks. And so these guys used to be like competitors kind of, You know, just like, just like, just like the UFO guys. They all, You know, they all hate each other, but they all have the one common theme, like disclosure. These guys, the one common thing is, You know, let's go take over the western world. So he is basically, Hanza Bin Laden is, is married into all these terrorist organizations. Now. They all have one common goal to come over to, You know, the western world and, and ruin our way of life.


And so what they're doing is they're funneling as many of these terrorists into the passport office, creating them legitimate real passports. And then they sprinkle 'em, they get 'em flights into all over South central America. And then they funnel 'em up through the Darien gap, Jesus Christ, into the, into the us. And so, You know, there's, there is, there is zero. I don't give a fuck what the FBI or any of these people are saying they have. There is zero way to track how many of these fuckers have come in to the US And so, You know, now I what we're gonna see is like October 7th style attacks, like we just saw in Israel, in, in the mall, in Russia.


And, and everybody's like, oh, You know, there's, well this why Isn it happened yet, Do you think this is by design, By design, like the Leaving the boor border porous allowing these people to come in? Absolutely. I think it's by design. I mean, they basically told border patrol stand down. Like, do not do your fucking job. We're gonna blast you. I mean, remember the guy on the horse that they said was whipping Yeah. People. And it wound up being like the reins Yeah. Of the horse. I mean, yeah, I think it's, I think it's by design, You know, from, from the government. But I don't, I think that they're, look, I think that the government is, is, is more incompetent than it's ever been before.


And I think they have one common goal. And that I think the, the goal is voting. You know, they want 'em to vote, But I don't think that they, I don't think they're competent enough to realize the, the death and destruction and, and the, the other repercussions that we're gonna face by keeping that border open. You know? Because, because they don't have anybody, You know, that, that they don't have anybody with any experience that's, that's that, that they don't have any solid intelligence stuff going on. That that's, that's telling them like, Hey, this is what's gonna happen. It's all agenda driven. Jesus Christ. Does that make sense? Yeah, it does make sense.


It does make sense that all they care about is voting, is get the people in. Don't worry about the consequences. But the more insidious conspiracy would be that they want unrest. 'cause it gives 'em an opportunity to clamp down on rights. I mean shit though. They, I mean unrest, I mean, they got really good at unrest. You know what I mean? The, the, the in 2020 Right. All through or even before 2020. Yeah. You know, up to that election. So I don't think they need to import terrorism. Yeah. But It's a different kind of unrest. The, the kind of unrest that you get from people blowing up target is very different than the kind of unrest you get from a legitimate terror attack.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, You know, and then people, I mean, do you ever think about why nothing's happened yet? Any like China, if you, if you looked into the power grid at all. Yeah, Dude, It's not good. Lights Out buddy. It's So easy to kill. Yeah. The power grid's so weak. It's so vulnerable. It's really nuts. It's nuts. Because anybody could target it. Yeah. Well, I mean China, You know, we have those, we have, we have, You know, we get those big trans, all, all, everything's imported from China and we have these huge, You know, transformers, you could tell me Shut up if you already know all the shit. But all of those transformers are imported from China and they're not checked.


They're not even, they don't even fucking check them for malware. Yeah. Or Trojan horses or anything. Yeah. And it would take, I mean these transformers, it's not like the little box outside your house, You know, the green box. It's, I mean, they have to take overpasses out just to transport these things. So you're talking years. And I think it, I think the number was like nine. If they, if they took out nine transformers, then the entire US would be out of power on top of that. So then, then DOE Department of Energy actually investigated one because somebody, somebody was, it got to DC that whatever they decided to look into it and they wouldn't fucking release the results.


They wouldn't fucking release the results. So, You know, they're in our, they're in our water treatment plants. They're in our power grid. I've been talking about this shit from years. And then Cell phone towers. Cell phone towers. And then, and then FFBI, director Chris Ray comes out and says, Oh yeah. Turns, You know, turns out our grids really vulnerable. China's in there and they're also in our treatment plants. They buying land, which means they can fucking poison us. Yeah. They mean they own land around military bases. Like it's a, if they are on a long-term strategy, it's very effective. They're doing a great job. Just get, they undercut the competition to give us cell phone towers and all sorts of things.


They position 'em around military basis. Mike Baker was explaining all, all of it to me. Yeah. And I'm like, this is, how is this, how are they letting this go through? Is it incompetence? Is it fools running? It is. Are they corrupt? Like how did they do that? I mean, one of the things that really fucked us, we got away from manufacturing and we relied on all these countries and we really found that out during covid when you couldn't get shipments, it was like, whoa, wait a minute. How much of our shit is made over there? Like, everything, like how much medicine is made overseas? How, how many different things that we need that we constantly use, we don't even know how to make. Yeah. A lot masks. You seen those piles? I remember Pulling the fucking masks out.


You know, I didn't wear 'em very long, But I, I whatever. I fell for it for about 30 days. Did you? And then I was like, this is fucking bullshit. But yeah, you pull the mask out and, and I live out in the woods so I didn't, You know, but yeah. Made in China, I'm like, wait, didn't the thing come? Yeah. From the OR to They're making money handover fees. Right. Cool. The old thing is nuts. Go us. Yeah. It's nuts. But getting away from manufacturing this country really did not do this country any justice. It's just for corporations to save A little bit of money and to push everything off to third world countries to manufacture things. That's including our phones. Yeah. And I've said this over and over again. If Apple could make an American made phone and charge me more money, I pay double for it.


Yeah. Charge me a phone where I know the people get union wages, they get healthcare, they get paid correctly, they can live a good life and they work normal hours. They don't have to sleep in a fucking bunk like they do in that Foxconn building. When they have nets all around the building. You keep people from jumping from the roofs. Yeah. You've seen that shit, right? No, actually I haven't. You Haven't seen that? No. The Chinese factories where they make iPhones are so fucked that people are so distraught that they put all these fencing with giant nets all around the buildings. 'cause so many people were jumping to their death that they decided we'll just catch 'em with nets.


Are you serious? Yeah. Look at this. Those are the nets. Those are suicide nets. Holy shit. All around the Buildings. Sorry buddy. Back to the assembly line. How crazy Is that? Damn, that is fucked up. How crazy is that? Wow. Instead of making the conditions better where people don't want to kill themselves so often that you need nets around a building, they go, nah, nets is fine. Fuck those people, Dude. It's, I mean, it's straight slavery. Yeah. It's close to it. I mean, they don't really have any other options. And when you're getting a phone, You know, and what's a phone like two 1500 bucks? Is that what it is? Charge 2000? Yeah. Charge 2000. People pay it. You most people are like putting on a part of their bill.


They pay A little bit of it off every day. And you really don't need to fucking switch phones every year like everybody does. But you don't need to. It's stupid. Like, I have a two thou, I have a, a iPhone 11 that I use sometimes. Like one of my numbers fucking works great. Nothing wrong with it. Yeah. Nothing wrong with it. Yeah. 5-year-old phone or 4-year-old phone, whatever the fuck it is. So you could get a maid in America phone and you wouldn't feel like you're supporting this horrific shit that everybody turns a blind eye to. 'cause that's the only way you get that kind of stuff. You, You know, they, they have 'em all made over there. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I don't think it's coming back, but, Well, it could, I mean, there would have to be a large concerted effort, but the problem is it took decades to go away.


It'll probably take slightly longer to come back, You know? 'cause there's gotta be planning and funding and people have to make long-term investments. It's gonna be a, a big gamble. Yeah. But so, I mean, I'm sure you've seen who killed the, the where's, what is it? Michael Moore's documentary, the Flint, Michigan one. The Flint Michigan one. What is it called again? Roger And me. Roger and me. That's right. I wanna say who killed Roger Rabbit? Roger and me. But it's all about what happened to Flint, Michigan. Once they pulled out auto manufacturing and the, the, the entire population, just those people who live in check to check they were doing okay.


But they, they had jobs and then all of a sudden gone, every job's gone. There's no jobs. Yeah. There's nothing to do. The entire industry's gone. And just people went into dire poverty. Like horrific dire poverty. Like instantaneously. Yeah. Yeah. And just so a corporation can make some more money. It's sad. It's horrible. It's fucking sad. It's fucking horrible. It's horrible. And it's horrible that, that's an option that a, a corporation would, would decide, eh, fuck this town. What do you, What do you think it would, I mean, you, do you think it's gonna come back? Or you think it could Come back? I think I'm, it could come back. I'm in, I'm optimistic but honest, You know, I try, I try to look at it honestly, but also go, I think most people are good people.


I really do. I really believe that. You know, even most of these people that are walking in from Guatemala, I'd do it too. 100%. Yeah. If I was living in the middle of nowhere and you told me, Hey, America's letting people in. You can get a landscaper job. You can make 20 bucks an hour. Be like, what? Yeah, I would 100% walk. Why wouldn't you? Why wouldn't you? I think most people are good people and they just want a better life. And I think the more we unite under that idea and stop buying into this bullshit that like, if either side is correct, that it's the end of democracy, I think, I think we have to like, stop all that tribal nonsense that's happening between the left and the right.


Because people are just subscribing to ideologies and getting captured in them just like a religious fervor. Like they, they think that they, they're, they're doing the only thing that could possibly be done to save us all. And that, that the other side is a dire threat. That's why like something like 24% of Americans think it would be a good thing if Donald Trump got shot. I just read that Fucking insane. Yeah, fucking insane. That people would think that violence by an assassin would be a good thing on a former president. Like, we're that fucked. But I think that that's just a lot of media manipulation and a lot of fucking, a lot of people getting riled up and living in these echo chambers and these bubbles.


But I think ultimately at the core, most people are good people. And I think if we had some wins, if some things like that did start getting built and they stood, did start bringing back more American manufacturing and people start getting excited about the idea that America becomes a not just a, a place of innovation and art and creativity, but also like we start manufacturing great shit again. Yeah. You know, there's no reason why we don't do that. I mean, I just, I don't feel like, I feel like technology is advancing. It's, it's such a rapid pace. IIII, I mean, I feel, I feel like AI will take over AI and robots will take over everything.


Well, if AI and robots do that, at least we can get AI and robots to manufacture things in America. Yeah. That would be good. No, I'm, I'm with, You know, I just, I don't see, I guess what I'm saying is I don't see the union worker, I, I don't see where their place really fits in anymore. There's gonna be a lot less, that's for sure. It's pretty much every job. Any every manual labor job is under threat. I think. I think every job's under threat. I don't think podcast Whatcha gonna do, bitch. How are you gonna think? Like me? Like Yeah. Good luck. Good luck. Yeah. And comedy, you're always gonna have comedy movies are in real trouble because AI can write pretty fucking amazing scripts. And the CGI, the, the way they can crank out video is bananas now.


Yeah. I mean, it's bananas. It's just, it looks perfect and it comes out like in minutes instead of years. Do you really think podcasting is safe from ai? I don't know. Well, I know AI's gonna translate. So Spotify is gonna translate my show to multiple different languages. Nice. Eventually nice. Once they get the technology completely dialed in. But they'll be able to do it in Spanish, German, French, and you're gonna be able to hear the, it'll sound like me, but speaking fluent French. No kidding. Yeah. Yeah. Are they, is that, are You like the I don the test bunny? No, they've done it already. Oh, cool. They've definitely done it. But it's, they're going to be able to, once they have it completely dialed in where there's no glitch, because there's gonna be some weird glitches and context and, You know, cultural things like that, that aren't gonna make sense if you translate it.


Yeah. That'll be weird. But once they get it dialed in pretty good, it's gonna, it'll be great for everybody. It'll open up the world to like, I want to know what these folks are saying in Russia. You know, I'd I think like, to listen to a Russian podcast. Yeah. You know, I've watched some Russian news things and seen the, the teleprompter roll and it's like they're always mocking us and make fun of us for having 78 genders. And like, they, they relentlessly mock us in the news. I'm like, that's interesting. Like, this is how Russia looks in America. Yeah. I think that would be great. I mean, probably shouldn't be talking about my work direction that I'm gonna go, but fuck it. Whatever. That's what I wanna do. I wanna start going and, and talking to all these foreign dignitaries and getting an a different perspective on, on, on what we're doing.


Right. You know, I don't think we're the good guys anymore. You know, I don't agree with a lot of the shit that I was involved in, You know, as a, as a seal or a CA contractor. And, and I mean, I, I mean like bricks, are you familiar with bricks? No, British, Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa. I think, don't quote me on this. I think they have 22 countries now. It's, it's kind of like, it's kind of like a counter to nato. It's all these countries that are tired of us, tired of the tariffs, tired of the weaponization of the US dollar. And so basically what they're trying to do is throw the US currency off the, off the, off the world stage and, and pull it and use Chinese yen.


Whoa. And You know, I mean, that, that would, that would destroy us if all trade went to Went, if the world reserve currency went to the Chinese yen, that would, that would destroy our economy. And so, but they're gaining a lot of traction on this. And so yeah, I would love to go to any one of these 22 countries and talk to 'em and just ask like, why are you doing this? Right? What, what, why are you doing this? Because that gives nobody's fucking talking about this shit, You know? And, and I didn't even know about it until just now. Yeah. There's no journalists talking about this. You could look up bricks on X, there's a page.


It's pretty, I don't know if it's like an official one, but, but they're always posting, like updates about it and, and what's going on. And so I think it would be, I think it would be really important for somebody to go around and start talking to, You know, get getting another perspective rather than what, You know, Fox and CNN have to say about it. What changed with you that altered your perspective about us being the good guys? Covid Really. Yeah. I mean that's, I mean, I used to get like, really upset when people would, You know, talk about, You know, the war in Iraq and the war in Afghanistan.


And, and when I was still in, You know, and, and I got so pissed off, I've moved outta the fucking country and I was like, I'm just, I don't even wanna listen to this shit anymore. But after diving in and, and, and, and looking at the policies that came out and, and kind of, You know, it's kind of like when it's just reflecting on, on some of the policy decisions and stuff that didn't really make sense at the time when I was in that. Now I look back and I'm like, man, what the, like I didn't have time to think about it then. 'cause it was okay, go on the next op, go on the next mission, whatever. Right? And, but now, like, looking back through the podcast and talking to, You know, my podcast started with all my former colleagues and, and, and mill and agency.


Nobody thinks we should have been there, especially Iraq. Nobody thinks we should have been there. It's, and I just keep going down the, the rabbit hole. And man, I, I just, I don't, diving into the military industrial complex di all the lies that the government has been telling us, all, all the unreleased classified shit, You know, the, it's just, it's overwhelming and it's just, it's created a a com a hundred percent complete distrust in, in government. I mean, the Dick Cheney stuff, I mean, You know about Dick Cheney.


Halliburton, yeah. Have you looked into that? Yeah. At All. Well, he was the CEO of Halliburton. And then Halliburton got no bid contracts to rebuild in Iraq for billions of dollars. I don't think, I don't think people understand like, how Crazy that is. How big. I mean, it was the fucking logistics company for two, for two wars. That's like, that's everything Joe. That's, they're, they're delivering your mail. They're building your barracks, they're cooking your food, they're in charge of garbage. They're in charge of fuel. They're everything, everything. Everything that's logistical over there is Halliburton, KBR Wow. In both countries.


And I mean, You know, I think people think Afghanistan, they're like, oh man, you're probably on a tent or sleeping on the side of a mountain or something. No, man, there's fucking Burger King, KFC, pizza Hut, Thai restaurants. I mean, that's all, that's all logistics. I mean, it's, it's fucking, it's it's cities that we built over there and it all was built by Halliburton. Wow. Who is, who is, You know, the vice, the CEO's vice president in the fucking country. Like, what are you serious? And now he supports Kamala Harris. Yeah. Right.


When you see the left getting excited that Dick Cheney is supporting their candidate, You know, the world's gone haywire. Yeah. It's crazy. The, the same people that used to think Dick Cheney was the devil. Now all of a sudden they're like, look Dick Cheney, It's, yeah. There's no nobody dive. It's like nobody actually has an opinion anymore. They're just told, You know, they're just told, Hey, this is, this is what we're going with. Yeah. For the next two hours. I wonder how long they can keep that up with the internet, because the distrust in the media is at an all time high. It's, it's probably, it has to be higher than it's ever been in human history.


It ever been in the history of printed words. Right now. More distrust than ever. And at the same time, you have these independent people that have become bigger than the media that's never happened before. Yeah. There's never been a thing where just a, like a, an app that you get on your phone has 30 times more views than the top show at CNN. Yeah. That's never happened before. But now that's the world that we live in. And so propaganda is not effective anymore. And it's also the delivery method that they use. It sucks. They sit there with makeup on, with perfect clothes, and they said right now in Syria, and they start reading these things and they're reading 'em off the teleprompter and You know, that that's, that person could be working at fucking entertainment tonight.


They could be working at, You know, any other sh they're just a, a talking head. Yeah. They just, no one believed. They, they know they're the mouthpiece for some giant corporation. No one thinks that's the real news anymore. You have to be like old boomers who are like real tired. Like those old liberal boomers, they're still like M-S-N-B-C to the death, You know, like the Stephen Kings out there. Yeah, yeah. M-S-N-B-C to the death. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's what I was saying about the baby boomer generation. I mean, I, I think that the media, I think the media will die if, if, if things continue just the way they are. And the censorship doesn't get too bad. I think the media's done when the, when the baby boom Didn't George Soros just buy 200 radio stations?


Yeah, Man. Yeah. First of all, what a bad investment 'cause who the fuck listens to radio Good. That's a bad investment. But second of all, what are you gonna do? Like, because one thing that I do find is that right wing talk radio is probably the only talk that's like the only place where you get a lot of right wing ideas. Like there's a lot of like local right wing talk radio. The reason why I know is my mechanic, whenever he fixes one of my cars and he brings it back, he's always listening to right wing talk radio. And so I turned my car on the other day and I'm listening to these guys argue about Kamala Harris the border and that she was the fucking borders are, You know, they're go, they didn't swear, but they were going over this.


And I was like, that's interesting. Like, maybe that's what he wants to stop. You know, if you want to own 200 radio stations, you just start firing all those right wing guys. That's what I think, You know, it's, you Would stop a lot of that because I think that's where a lot of people are getting their information that aren't, aren't using podcasts. Because it seems like, I don't hear a lot of left wing am talk radio shows, do You? No. No. Weird Right? It is, it's like the one area that seems to be dominated by right wing talkers. Well, we're probably about to, so, But I don't, I mean, I don't know what a good move that would be. Maybe he knows more than me about how many people that affects and maybe my mechanic.


I should ask him. Yeah. I mean, the guy's so wealthy. I don't think he really cares about a, a good investment, You know? Oh, Also he is so old. Just wants a megaphone. He, well, he wants to, he's, You know, he likes to manipulate governments. He likes to manipulate society. I think he thinks it's like his, it's his version of a video game. Yeah, yeah. You know, I think he genuinely seems to enjoy it. Yeah. I think it's really Interesting. I think you're right. I mean, Elon's openly said that he, he thinks that guy hates humanity. Like That's, it appears that way. That Is a wild thing to say. It's such a wild thing to say. And it's such a wild thing to do. Like a supervi in a Batman movie, like some billionaire guy who likes to hire the most progressive district attorneys that's gonna let people outta jail and then, and then fund the next person who's more to the left of that person and just keep pushing it.


Keep pushing it. Yeah. Keep pushing it until you got tents everywhere. Violence in the streets, You know, He's done a damn good job. How come there's no right wing guys like that, that do it the other Direction. I always wonder that too. I always wonder that. Well, it's also like, if you look at the amount of donors that donate to the left versus donate to the right. Have you ever seen that chart? No. It's fucking nuts. The left gets so many more donations than the right does. Like it's a giant difference. Why do you think that is? I don't Know, man. I think a lot of rich people feel guilty and they, they get into philanthropy and it also is a good way to cover their ass and make 'em look like better people.


And the people that really go after you if they don't think you're a good person, are generally the left. So if you could like throw them a little cheddar You like keep on your side. I wonder, I wonder if they're, I buy in their place outside of the rules, like, Hey, I donated to your thing. You know, I don't have A little bit to live by these fucking rules. Gotta be A little bit of that in there, You know. What do you Got? Jim shows the top donors to open secrets.org. Seven of the, or six of the top seven are Republicans. Oh, individual Donors. Individual S Oh, individual donors. What I was talking about was like, they showed a chart that had like, Google, Facebook, all these mega corporations that were donating.


So this is like individual donors. Yeah. Wow. Some guys donated $105 million. Wow. But that guy's probably worth billions. That's probably some sort of a write off too, isn't it? That's pretty crazy. Go to top corporation donations via party. 'cause that's the, the chart that I was looking for. It was just nuts to see how much, just how much money overall is being spent to push the Democratic party. It's pretty extreme, You know, and you gotta think why is what, what are they getting out of that? Like what, what's the, what's the end goal and how could you look at what's going on right now and go, this is great.


That's what I, that's what I, that's sometimes I think it's all, It is a complete facade. This is the number one. This is corporations. So they, they donate more than Google top Contributors organizations to federal contributions. So 82 million is the top, top one. And that's empower parents. PAC. And these are right wing. Is that why it's red? I would assume so. So it seems like the top four. Why? What is what, what is that Google chart that I was seeing? And I don't see even seeing Google on this. Is it Alphabet? Would they put it under Alphabet? Yeah. I don know.


I'll, I'll try, I'll try again. Okay. This is another side. This is open secrets though. It's o Yeah. Open Secrets might be You like, eh, Well, I don't know. That's not donate to non-profits though. I just have top corporate donors is just all I typed in. Okay. Is this corporate donors to what though? That's, I, that's why I was, wait, I was Picking the website, giving to programs that empower organizations to do more. So you could find promising fund. I think that's fundraising shit. I don't think that's necessarily political donors. This is All campaign, federal Campaign. Donors, Parties. PS That's the individuals, right? This, no, this is the corporates.


This is the corporates ones. Yeah. So what was that Google chart then? I don't know. Type enough of that. The number two donator to the Democratic party was that Sam Bank from Freed Guy, which is crazy. No kidding. Yeah. That one seemed like maybe That was a good way to skirt around stuff. Yeah. Didn't work. Yeah. This is what it says, Google, or, oh, alphabet gave on open secrets that says they gave just under $10 million to contributions and then spent like 21 mil. Lobbying. Lobbying. Mm. Top recipients obviously. Kamala Harris. Yeah. They're all look at, so Google's all blue, But That's a, oh, is this who, this is who they donated to.


Yeah. One Republican donation. Never backed down Inc. What is that? Yeah, no kidding. It's a Chuck Norris movie. It's weird because, You know, it's supposed to be the will of the people. It's supposed to be the government works for the people and it's not that it's, it's some very bizarre, enormous amount of money that's being spent to make sure that the people in power continue to run things the exact same way. That's what I think. They're really terrified about Trump. It's not necessarily even that he's a Republican. It's much more that he's a guy that is not going to play the game. Yeah. And that when he gets in there, he's going to, like, one of the things that he's talked about is having Elon come in and do some sort of a government efficiency agency.


They're terrified of that. Yeah. 'cause it's not efficient. Yeah. You know, and he's gonna come in with like that Tesla mindset. It's like you're working 16 hours a day and you're sleeping on the fucking couch. Yep. We're here to get some shit done. And you tried applying that to government. That's, You know. Yeah. He shaved, what did he shave like 80% of the staff off Twitter. Oh yeah. When he got it. Yeah. He was like, what's going, what the fuck are you people doing? Why do you have so many people working here doing nothing? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And he was right. Yeah. He was right. Especially if you don't wanna censor people. Like it's, it's interesting how people react to it. That he's ruined Twitter. He's destroyed Twitter. No, he's, he's, you could still block these crazy people if you want.


You could still not see them if you want. Yeah. But what he's allowed is everyone to talk. Everyone. Yeah. And if you don't think that that's good, you're very shortsighted Because you don't understand human beings. Like you cannot have human beings censored because someone is going to be in power and they're gonna take advantage of that censorship. They're not different than us. They're not these incredibly benevolent beings who just want everything to work out. Well, no, they're people. Yeah. And a lot of 'em are dirty, dirty people. Dirty, corrupt people that went to Diddy parties. It's, it's, it's that control what they say, control what they think, You know?


Yeah. It's wild. It's a, it's a crazy time to be a person to watch all this go down at, in the same time, AI is being developed and we're not even exactly sure where it's at right now. You know, at, at any moment in time. It could be a sentient force and AI's already manipulating, lying, changing things in order. One of the things that they, they put this AI program, they gave it a task and they gave it a specific allotted amount of time and it couldn't achieve it in the allotted amount of time. So it gave itself more time. No kidding. Yeah. Wow. They also have things called hallucinations. AI doesn't want to admit it's wrong or it doesn't know things.


So if it doesn't have information, it will kind of create an answer and no shit. Yeah. Yeah. And they don't understand why it's doing that. And sometimes that answer's not true. That, I gotta be honest, man, this AI stuff scares the shit out of Me. It should, I think it's a life form. I think it's the next kind of living thing. I think we're gonna give birth to it. I think, I think we're just running head first towards the cliff. Just feet on the ground. Full clip looking down, not looking ahead. And I think we're going right over a cliff with this thing. Yeah. I didn't, I don't, I mean, it's a tough, it's a, it's, I mean, what are we gonna do though?


I mean, China, You know, you have to do it. J Jinping has come out and said that he believes that the, the winner to the, the race of AI will achieve global domination. So what do you do? Do you, it's probably true. Do you try to control it? Is, is, is is I don is is is Americans, do you try to control it or do you, do you go, fuck it, we gotta do it, man, we gotta go. We gotta go. Or China's gonna pass this up, which they probably already have, But I don't Think they have. I think one of the things they're doing is they're stealing our tech. And There was some recent speculation that China had gotten access to some of open AI's work. They think it's possible, which means it probably did happen.


I think there's probably a shit ton of espionage. I mean, this is the reason why they banned Huawei products from the United States. You know, I'm a cell phone dork. I really love technology. And Huawei had a phone That was coming out That was really excited about it. I'm like, this is crazy. Like, they were doing a hundred megapixel cameras and phones way before anybody else. They had a Porsche design Huawei phone That was like this incredible phone. It was like built better than any other phone. It was much more expensive, but built better than any phone that you get in America. And I was like, wow, these, and this is back when I would use both Android and Apple regularly. And then they, they banned it. And I was like, that that sounds kind of crazy.


Only one company. Like there's other Chinese companies, like Yeah. And then I started looking into it and it's, it's not just the cell phones, it's routers, it's all sorts of things. They found third party inputs and, and different pieces of technology and different ways that they can exploit and use this stuff to siphon information from networks. Like if they're attached to a network that's at a university and they're doing research projects, they can siphon that information. They also embed students in these places that are beholden to the ccp. These students rise up, get their PhDs and, and some of 'em wind up going back to China. The the whole thing is really strange because we're such an open, loose society that we're vulnerable to these kind of attacks.


Yeah. You can't buy shit in China. You wanna buy land in China. Good luck. Fuck face. They won't sell you a house. They're not gonna sell you land near the military base. You outta your fucking mind. But in America, we're so goofy. We let China buy up farmland that's near military bases. Yeah. Yeah. And then we let them sell us the cell phone towers surrounding the military bases. And 'em, we don't even check 'em, let 'em fly spy balloons, You know, traverse the entire United States just out. Apparently That was something they didn't want to tell Trump about. They Hi, they hid that from Trump. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah. That was that that this, some of this had happened during the Trump administration, but they didn't tell him. Yeah. Yeah.


Because he'd probably like shoot it down fucking a hundred percent. He'd say, shoot it down. Why wouldn't you? Why wouldn't you? They did eventually shoot it down. You know, it bothers me though to like, maybe they're not ahead of us, but I mean, You know, the energy that they're, they're, they're building coal mines every day to power all this, this stuff. And we're, we're going on about should we use fossil fuels or not. Yeah. And, and You know, and we, we just talked about how weak our grid is. So if we don't beef up the grid and start going, You know, nuclear, yeah. Then we're gonna fucking lose this race. Well, not only that, like how are you saying, like California for example, California's not gonna have internal combustion engine cars by 2035.


By 2035 you have to buy only electric cars That actually that went, that happened. That went Through, I mean, it can be reversed for sure and it probably will be once the great war happens. But if you're gonna say that and you have a grid that you have to shut down, like you have to do brownouts every summer because of people using the air conditioning. Yeah. And after he said that, after Newsom said this about the, this thing about 2035, within two months they asked people to stop charging their Teslas because it was wrecking the grid. What? Mind blowing, right? You're asking people to stop charging their electric cars.


So, and you, you're not doing anything to strengthen your grid. Like what are you doing to beef this up for 2035? Do you have some immense project that you're building that is, is gonna make a much more sustainable, much more robust grid that's gonna be able to handle 30 million electric cars in your state? Are you outta your fucking mind? There's Yeah, there's, there's literally no, I mean I look into this all the time. There's, there's no infrastructure going in to correct the problem because the problem is, is is so big that nobody wants to tackle it. Yeah. And it's a long term pro problem. You know, just like when they talk about like putting in chip manufacturing plants, like Nvidia just stopped its production in Austin.


See what happened with that. So apparently they weren't achieving the results that they demanded that they desire. You know, like you have to have certain tolerances when you're making these computer chips. And so they set this plant up in Texas and I think they just canceled the contracts for a bunch of people working there because they've kind of recognized that this is just not gonna work. What? Why is it gonna work? Good question. I didn't really get into it. I just read part of it. I mean there as I was asking Jamie to Pull it Up, I think it's not meeting their standards. Nvidia is the company. Didn't they start buying? Maybe it was Samsung. I'm trying To, I don't see Anything. Didn't Nvidia start producing all their chips in the ocean?


They're buying like these massive like ships. Really? That's, you'd have to Look that up. They're in the ocean. I don't know. I part of this, there's a huge thing that Intel did in Ohio. They're still trying to do it to make chips there for semiconductors or whatever. And part of the reason They picked Yeah, but this was in Texas. No, No. I just say part of the reason they picked it was because there's no seismic activity there. Oh that makes sense. To be like in the ocean. Sounds opposite of that Super sketch. Interesting. Why are they doing it in the ocean though? Yeah, I don't know. I didn't look into it. I didn't look into International Law. It was one of those articles I started reading and I was like, I don't understand any of this shit. But yeah, See if you can find the Texas one. I don't see any of the canceling the it, see if it's Samsung.


I didn't even have a company texted, God damnit. I was just reading it too. It is Multiple semiconductor manufacturing projects delayed in the us. Is that, Well That was a month old, Not nothing recent popped up. No. This is pretty recent. This is pretty recent. They were talking about they're not achieving the results that they desire. Which is what my point is. It's a long term project in order to get up to the manufacturing levels that China's at right now. It's a long term project. We're really behind this. Yeah. Like they're way, way, way, way, way ahead of us. They make everything and they make amazing things. Now. It used to be made in China, was junk made in China. They make some of the most incredible electric cars you could buy. Well, the drone game too. I mean that's the future of warfare, right?


Is all these, these drone swarms and DGI, You know, that's a Chinese company and this is, this is a, this is going to be a big fucking problem. Yeah. When we realize, hey, the next one isn't gonna be guys in caves anymore. Right. Samsung withdraws its personnel from, that's it Taylor plant located in Texas due to two N-M-G-A-A yields unable to improve beyond the 10 to 20% range. That's it. Click on that. So see what it says. So that's it is Samsung. So this is an enormous project that Samsung and everybody was all excited Samsung was gonna start making chips.


So the Taylor hub was initially planned to mass produce wafers of advanced process processes below the four nm, I dunno what that means. Nanometer, nanometer li lithography lithography allowing Samsung to secure lucrative clients in the us. Unfortunately, despite progressing with the chip making plant, the company has faced a challenge that has become all too familiar with the entity ensuring healthy yields, particularly with its two N-M-G-A-A process. The situation surrounds three nanometer. GAA is not pretty either with business chorea reporting that Samsung's yields for this technology stand at 50%. Whereas TSMC has a significant lead as its three nanometer yields are in the 60 to 70% range.


That's the Taiwan semiconductor company. Yeah. So it's, they're just not, not good enough yet. I mean they're, they're doing it from the ground up and it's gonna, there's gonna be a lot of trial and errors. It, it's gonna take a long ass time. You know, I mean remember when SpaceX started and, You know, rockets were exploding. Yeah. And people were like, oh my God, the rocket exploded. And Elon was like, yeah, we're gonna blow some rockets up 'cause we have to figure out exactly what the tolerances are and how to do it correctly. And this is all part of the process. We knew this was gonna happen. Yeah, yeah. You know, and that's when you're doing something that's that enormous, like if you wanna start making all the computers here, like, good lord, that is a stretch. They've been doing it over there for so long.


They've got it down to a science. Yeah. And You know, you've got all these companies, whether it's Lenovo or all the, they've, they've been manufacturing laptops forever. Manufacturing chips and hard drives and processors and like to catch up with them. Good lord. They're so far ahead of Us. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I mean I don't, I hope it comes back to the US But I, I, I would just, I would like to see us just start getting stuff from somebody other than China. That'd be nice. That Would be a great start. You Know. Well, I think Samsung has stopped making their phones in China.


I think they're the only country. Did they really? Yeah. Google that. 90% sure. That's true. This article saying that this, these Nvidia chips, which are like, they're, I guess are ours. 'cause it's a silicon based or a Silicon Valley based company puts the US way further ahead of China With artificial intelligence. Yeah. The gap between China and US leading and artificial intelligence chip technology set to widen even further after Nvidia, founder and chief executive Jensen Huang unveiled next generation processors for what he called the new era of generative AI and robotics used in industries. But we are right, but we're not making those. But the thing is, the other part of it is like they're gonna get access to this stuff, which is, this is the really creepy thing that people keep admitting is that it's, it's very porous.


The, the top secret information that these companies have. Espionage is like super common. It's so valuable. Yeah. It's so lucrative that, You know, they don't even, sometimes they probably don't even know when stuff is getting siphoned over there. Well, I mean you have to just think, I mean, it's Chinese, from what I understand, it's Chinese law that anything, any business that is taking, that is being conducted within China, if it helps if the technology helps the military or could potentially help the military, then China than, than CCP has access. Yes. Yeah. And, and That's, that's end of story. So anything, any fucking thing over there that's being developed or, or manufactured, it's all of that technology is in their hands.


Yeah. It's just, it just is. It's not, it just is. It's not, Yeah. Countries were like, what China's doing is companies do not get to function on their own. They function under the wing of the government. Yeah. They, they, they, they, they suck these American companies, them with, with getting around the red tape, You know, and, and, and then it's, You know, in the, in the cheap, the cheap labor, cheap prices and then once, once it's going, I mean, they control it. That's dealing with this money train to end right now. 'cause Exactly. You're not in America buddy. And people are whores and they just go over there. Yeah. They take that money. Got a great deal thinking about buying a jet.


Yeah. I mean we've, we've seen what they do. It's, it's pretty amazing stuff. You do You know the story about the woman who was working on anti-gravity technology? No, She was working on anti-gravity technology. She was originally from China and then disappeared and went back to China. She apparently was making some breakthroughs and came back to America and wound up dead. I forget how she died, but some, some slippery circumstances where We were like, Hmm. Like car accident or something like that. Yeah. They're like, huh. Damn. Yeah. It's Like, that's wild. Like the guy that came up with the hydro engine. Yes. Oh, that guy. Yeah. The guy that came up with the water engine.


That's a great story too. But that this woman, if, if they've developed some sort of anti-gravity technology, and I've always wondered when we're looking at these things that people are calling UAPs or whatever you wanna call 'em, like how many of those are super sophisticated drones? It's, it is not zero. It's not 0%. Yeah. Like, I am not saying that they're not, that there's not a real phenomenon going on that people are seeing that defies science and logic and might be in a super intelligent creature from somewhere else, or a super intelligent thing from somewhere else. If it's even biological at this point, it might be that all life eventually becomes digital life and all life eventually becomes some sort of artificial intelligence, or at least connected to artificial intelligence that might be like the pro progression of biological life that eventually creates something way better than itself.


And that's what propagates the universe. And if someone in this world has developed some sort of technology that's similar to what they use, that's a huge advantage. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the thing that gets me about all this UAP talk. I'm like, if some other country had, or if we had something That was just a game changer, something that didn't require any propulsion systems at all, it relied on gravity and it bends space and time and can instantaneously tra traverse between one point in the sky and another, that kind of technology is nuts. And if that is in the hands of the United States government, it would make sense that it would like help them to like spread this UFO nonsense.


Yeah. I mean, do you, you've dove into this more than anybody else I know. I mean, what, what do you think this, what do you think it all is? I think it's a bunch of things. I think there is a possibility, a very strong possibility that there's life out there. And that if I was life out there and I was much more advanced than us, I would definitely visit us. And there's also the fact that the, the sightings kicked up in a huge way after 1945, after the, the atomic bomb. After they, You know, did the Trinity experiment. And after they dropped the bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, all those nuclear tests that they did in the fifties and the sixties, that's exactly when the sightings start ramping up.


And if I was an intelligent life force from another planet, I go, oh, these crazy monkeys have nukes. And then we'd have to, You know, you'd have to think, okay, do we intervene? Well, let's, if if they blow themselves up, it will take so long for that planet to get back to a point where it has intelligent life again. If they kill every person on this planet, and we're back to shrews and mice and fucking a couple of monkeys in the jungle, how long before you can get a city again, how long before you can get a cell phone again? How many millions of years does it take? And if I was an intelligent life force that realized that this is a, an error that can be corrected, I would probably correct it.


I'd probably put a stop to the nukes. I'd probably make a show of force, hover over military bases, shut down all of their electronics, shut down all the, just to let them know. Yeah, I would probably do that. But, You know, how much do they actually intervene? And how many of them are there, are there different ones? I mean, if there's one that comes here, what, who's to say? There's not a shit ton of different kinds. Some of them malevolent, some of them that only want us for our biology. Some of them that are just doing tests on us. Some of 'em, some of 'em that are, You know, kidnapping people and, and erasing their memories and putting 'em back in the woods. Those stories are too common.


There's too many stories that are real fucking similar that, like the Travis Walton story, have you ever heard that one? What's that One? It's a guy That was a logger in the 1970s. They it was in, or was it Oregon? Oh, did they make a movie about it? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Fire in the Sky. I've Seen it. Yeah, I've seen it. Crazy Story. Kinda Like the, do You know who, who is that? Chris Blood? So, no. Have you heard of him? What's That one? Chris Blood. So he's a, he's a guy that had that experience as well. You've not heard of Chris Blood, so maybe I haven't or forgot. Yeah, it's possible. Yeah. He, it's kind of the same thing. It's memory's kind of gone and that's what it sounds like. And They all have a very similar story.


They, they get medical examinations and there's girls that are, were pregnant and, You know, like newly pregnant and got abducted and all of a sudden they weren't pregnant anymore and they couldn't figure out what happened. Wow. I didn't know that. Yeah, there's quite a few of those. John Mack had this book, John Mack was a psychologist who was at Harvard who wrote this book, I think it's called Abduction. And it's all like him interviewing people that have had these kind of experiences happen to them. And this is, this book was in the 1990s, right? So There was, You know, I don't think these people got to share stories where they could come up with the same story organically.


Like today, you, you've heard so many stories online about UFO abductions or crash retrieval or something that you could formulate in your own mind a dream that seemed like these things that you had heard over and over and over again. But when you go back to like Betty and Barney Hill, which were one of the first people that ever got abducted by aliens, they have the same sort of story as all these different people that didn't know anything about the phenomenon, didn't know anything about UFO abductions, and then all of a sudden had one event in their life that freaked them out for the rest of their life. And they take them through hypnotic progression. These people should hear the recordings of Betty and Barney Hill.


They're like yelling and screaming. They're freaking out. Like no one thought about being abducted by aliens in the 1950s or whenever That was. Yeah. But these people have this wild fucking story that's super similar to all these different stories that John Mack talks about. And maybe there's different kinds of aliens. Maybe there's aliens that are just like our scientists that just come down here and study and, and report on like the state of the biological entity known as the human beings and visit and, and return. And maybe they monitor us and watch us and make sure that we don't do anything really fucking stupid. Like give us enough room to, we figure it out on our owns, but don't, don't intervene unless they're about to nuke themselves.


Interesting. That's best case scenario. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't know what all this is man. I just, You know, I I I try to dive into it on the podcast and, and have talked to, You know, a handful of guys and I don't know, man, Some people are a hundred like Billy Carson's all in. Oh yeah, I, I found out about him on your show too. Oh really? Yeah, I'd seen a couple of clips of him, but I'd never seen a long form interview of him until your show. That was a great episode. He's fun. You know, he was on my friend Andrew Schultz's podcast, and Andrew was like, we're not gonna check nothing. We're just gonna let him, let him go. I don no fact checks. Let's just, let's just have fun and see.


But when he starts talking about like those ancient tablets, he's an expert in like the deciphering of all those ancient tablets. And he's, he's got a lot of information on that. Those things are fascinating 'cause it's all the same stories, even back then these flying ships and all these different depictions of things that came from the sky and these giants and the Anki and all these d different things that came from some other place that had interaction with human beings. And Yeah. He kinda like mixes it with, with biblical stuff. Right. That's kind of, I don't know. That's what I lean towards with all this stuff, to be honest with you, is maybe, I think there's some consciousness aspect. I think there's, I think there's, i I I think it is the afterlife.


It's possible that's for sure. It's possible that whatever these things are that come here, they're from a, some sort of another dimension and that we just don't have the ability to interact with that we're limited in our capacity as a biological entity to interact with these dimensions that are real. But we just can't access them. We can't get to it. We don't have the frequency, we don't have what it is. We, in some cases under duress, under some situations, in some, You know, just like a person can be hypnotized, just like a person can go into a trance. I think there's a way every now and then that people can kind of access these realms. And I think that's probably what some of these entities are.


I think people are probably having real experiences with something that probably is real, but that normally you cannot interact with. Yeah. Yeah. Did you, have you, have you ever looked into, 'cause I think I kind of group all this stuff in together, but have you, have you looked into the remote viewing stuff At all? Yeah, I have. Yeah. Dude. Yeah. That stuff Pretty nuts. Yeah. I had a remote, I did a, this show called Joe Rogan Questions everything. And we had remote viewers on and we tried to get 'em to do things and they couldn't really, it wasn't really effective. But I'm also like, okay, this is an unnatural environment. It's a television show. It's like weird pressure. The, the, You know, skeptical people that are like looking at this and, and I don't know if they're the real, I I think it's probably a skill that can be developed, But I don't know how consistent it is.


You know, it's, it's like, I don't believe in psychics, But I do believe that sometimes you just know things and sometimes you get a premonition and some, and I think the connection that people have with each other is not as simple as like, you call your friend up, Hey, I haven't talked to you in forever. I think we're connected somehow quantumly, I think we're all connected in some sort of a weird undiscovered way. And that's why like, you're thinking about someone and they call you sometimes, You know, people say, oh, that's just a coincidence, man, I don't know about all that. 'cause sometimes it's someone I haven't talked to for a fucking years. Yeah. And you'll be having a conversation with a buddy and you'll just start thinking about that guy and then all of a sudden your phone rings and it's Him.


It happens all the time. Man, That's weird. That's, I I mean, what they say, we use 10% of our brain. That's not real. You know, I don't think that's real. You don't? No, no, no. They, they, what That was, they didn't really understand when they were saying that they didn't really understand what the brain does and what parts of the brain do. And they thought that like, we're only using 10%. No, it's like different parts of the brain have very different functions and under different circumstances, different parts of the brain are activated. I think just we have a, a limited understanding of the actual function of the brain, like the, the whole thing and how it's, how it's, how it's making chemicals and making psychedelic compounds and, and hormones and epinephrine and norepinephrine and all this different dopamine and serotonin and how it regulates your system and changes the way you interact with the world.


It's all weird stuff, man. I don't think they completely have an, like, they can't recreate a human brain, You know? Yeah. I, You know, some of this have, have you heard of Joe McMonagle? No. Dude, you, you have to talk to him. Who's he? He is remote viewer number one. Oh. For the us But he's, he's, but he's not like kooky or anything like that at all. He's really, no. How do you Not be kooky in your remote viewer? He just, Dude, he just to have a conversation with him. It's, he's, he's there. Okay. And I know weird vibes, not from my end anyways, but, but the way he, You know, I asked him, I'm like, well, how do You, like, how does it, how did it happen do you think?


Does everybody have this or, You know, I was just pinging him with questions and he said he thinks we all have had it since the beginning and that he, that, I mean, he was basically saying if you look at how animals communicate, they kind of communicate telepathically. And he was talking about, You know, caveman times, You know, he used to point at shit and grunt and nod heads and look at things and every, everybody would know what you're thinking about. And he goes, and then we started traveling in, in groups, and then language was kind of born and he goes, language actually slowed down our initial form of communication, which was, You know, it wasn't maybe as descriptive, but it was just as deliberate as as as speaking a language.


Mm. And, and, and then you introduced technology. And basically what he was kind of saying is, You know, that our brains have been kind of dubbed down from, You know, thousands and thousands of years of technology coming out and language and all these other things. And I don't lose the ability to Exactly. We, we, we don't, I mean, you hear it all the time, you don't use it, you lose it. Right. You know, and, and so basically what he's saying is we're losing our instincts. I mean, that and That makes sense if you don't use it. I mean, isn't that what the appendix is in the app? Isn't the appendix in Oregon that we no longer need anymore because we cook food? Yeah. I don't know. What is the, the, the, the reason why the appendix is going away.


I think that's what it is. I think it's a change in diet over time has made it unnecessary. So it's like slowly being phased outta the human anatomy. And that's why ruptures sometimes, But I don't think it has a real function anymore. What it used to have, what? Oh, here it goes. The appendix kind of helping us in two ways, both with the gut, it helps fight off invading pathogens. That's one thing that is true when they take out your appendix, like your immune system's not as good, but also to repopulate the gut with this beneficial bacteria after, after gastrointestinal issues. So what is, how did the appendix form and why is the appendix? Like it's, there's a thing That was speculated about what the origin of the appendix is and why we don't use it the same way we used to.


Why do humans have an appendix worm shaped moderate research to believe the appendix has many key fun. Okay. Okay, here it is. Go to the top, back in worm shaped tube attached to large intestine in the human body. It's an organ that is credited with very little significance and often removed indiscriminately to avoid complications due to infection. However, modern researchers believe that the appendix has many key functions in the human body and it protects the body's internal environment from infection. What is the original origin of the appendix though? That was the thing that I had read. Is it, I think it was something about processing fiber vestigial Okay. Support the app theory that the appendix of vestigial origin That was once used by our herbivores ancestors.


This is it, it was found that in herbivores vertebrates, the appendix is comparatively larger and it helped in the digestion of top tough herbivores foods such as bark of a tree. So the thing is like, we're changing, right? We don't eat like that anymore. So it's changing and it's, it's, it's function changes and it makes sense that if we don't use the mind the same way our ancestors did before language, we would probably lose this connection that animals do seem to have with each other. Yeah. I Mean, You know, there's all kinds of, I mean, if you've heard of people, have you heard of people kind of, how do I describe this?


Me and my wife were just having this conversation the other day. If you, have you heard of people that kind of, they start preparing for their death, but they're not realizing they're preparing for their death. Yeah, I have heard of that. It's like a, it's like a intuition that they're unaware that they're going to die and so they start they start preparing everything for their departure. Yeah. And not even realizing that, You know, that they're gonna, they're gonna pass. Yeah, I have heard about that. You know, I, I mean, I think that's just another example of, I, I I think that we have lost a lot of intuitions and, and, and we don't really know how to go back and exercise 'em.


That's, that's kind of what I think. I think it makes sense. I think technology certainly distracts human beings from human interactions. And kids today are growing up more socially un unbalanced and more, their, their progress is retarded. There's something about the use of technology that is certainly, it's limiting kids' abilities to interact with each other person to person. Yeah. And over time, that's probably gonna be the norm. You know? And if you, you wanted to think about the rise of spectrum disorders and lack of emotional connectivity and empathy that people have that, that seem to have those, especially like on the far ends of the spectrum.


And then accentuate that with like added technology, constant technology, each technology's more and more invasive, the population of people that have these problems. It's like, it's almost like we're moving towards becoming a different kind of person. Yep. You know, my, this person that works for me turned me onto this podcast the other day, and it was talking about how this is unverified, but it was talk, but it was still fascinating conversation. They were talking about how, how in, I can't remember the amount of years, but humans will begin to lose their peripheral vision because they're looking at a phone Whoa. So much that, that, that we're evol we're evolving.


I guess you could, I don't know if I would call that evolving. Devolving. Yeah, devolving. Wow. That makes sense. It does. Right. Totally makes, I mean sense. I mean, it's like shit go anywhere. That's what everybody's doing. Narrow band of focus. Yep. Right. And the pro, like if you look at most people's phone usage, like what's the average person's phone usage? I bet screen time's like four hours average. I'll bet it's more than that. Okay. But even let's say it's just four. Yeah. That's a giant chunk of your day. Yeah, that's, I mean, if you're up for 12 hours, it's 25% of the day. Right. So if 25% of the day you're just looking like this, that's gotta have an ultimate effect on your vision. Damn. Especially over time. And especially if this becomes like completely normal for a thousand years.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It wasn't a thousand years, man. It was like, I mean, I I it was way, it was within couple decades, our lifetime Yeah, yeah. Sense that would happen. But we're an adaptive organism. We adapt, You know, weirdly, It's, it's, this stuff all just scares the hell outta me. I th I mean I think psychedelics plays a role in all this, You know, in in, in accessing, You know, other information. Yeah, I think so too. I think it's a giant crime that stuff that stuff's illegal and it's limited and it's limited into like, You know, right now they're doing some research on it and, You know, the FDA was gonna approve MDMA therapy for benefits for veterans rather dealing with PTSD.


And they, they stopped it and they, they decided more tests need to be done. Meanwhile, you're seeing like real results from people, life changing results. And there's a lot of people out there that need help and they should be doing something and it's not hurting anybody. Dude, do you want to hear the, the best story I've ever heard from that? Sure. Yeah. So I got a, I got one of my best friends, former Green Beret, worked with him at, at the agency for a long time. He was blown up, survived. Survived like the worst fucking car bomb I've ever seen. Like, got up, walked away, dude's head's, like right next to the car, then gets out. I don't wanna mention his name 'cause I'm gonna bring up some symptoms, but he then he, he got, he got fucking shot in the head by a 38 special round in the middle of the road and survived it.


And I've stayed with him through this whole process when, anyways, couldn't walk without a cane, was bedridden five, six days out of every week. Hadn't had sex with his wife in over two fucking years. Couldn't go outside without sunglasses on because, You know, because of the light sensitivity. And I'd been telling him, Hey, you need to, dude, you have to go down and like do this ibogaine thing. I I, nothing else is working. I think this shit's gonna change. I wasn't even aware of all this stuff. I, I knew about the bedridden stuff and, but he was hiding it a lot, hiding a lot of that shit from me.


And his wife got in, called me and so I, I got him piped in and to this program, went down, did iga and did five MEO, left his fucking cane there, went home, banged his wife doesn't need the sunglasses anymore and is not bedridden. And That was about six months ago. And I just talked to him the other day and it's, it's, he's still like, good to go. That's wild. And that dude, this shit happened. Like when did he, I bet it was four years. Four years of like living through that shit.


I mean, crack skull, Fucking one ibogaine treatment, One ibogaine treatment done. I was like, do you think you'll go back and like see what, like if more benefits show up? And he was like, nah, I'm not, I'm not gonna do it. But he's like, not unless I start to slip, but he's like, I'm, I'm like, good. I'm at peace. I'm, I feel fucking great. That's incredible. You know, I mean, imagine if There was a drug that could do that. There is. But imagine if There was a drug that the pharmaceutical drug companies could sell that could do that. Yeah. Yeah. There would be treatment centers everywhere. Yeah. Are you suffering from PTSD? We can cure you. Yeah. Here at VOGenesis. And then you go into that place and you get hooked up, it would be just like fucking these GLP ones that they're trying to give people to lose weight.


It'd be everywhere. Yeah. Everybody would, everyone has stress. Everyone has trauma. Come on in. Yep. And they'd just be selling it. Yeah. You know, and I mean, even mine, like, I, I haven't, I I've drank in almost three years now. Really? Yeah. I just, I went down and did the Ibogaine experience and Like, it, it was just like, have you done Ibogaine? No. Why not? What what was good about it? Tell me what it was like. Well, for me, I I've heard it's very effective for people with addiction. Yeah. Well, there it is right there, right? Yeah. I kind have drank it almost three years. But I mean, it was like, do you want like the Sure.


Whole experience? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I went down to, went, went down to Mexico, and I just kept having these guys come on my show. And first one was Eddie Gallagher. He was talking about psychedelics. And I was like, oh no, that shit's for hippies. I'm not fucking with that. And, and, and then, You know, the, the one that really got me was, I had this guy on his name, DJ Shipley. And he like, I saw that one. Great. You saw that one? Yeah. It's great dude. DJ's a fucking beast, bro. Shit. Yeah. I follow that guy on Instagram Now. Holy shit. Like, takes Davey Seal to a whole different level.


But anyways, but yeah, he like went out of his way after the, after we recorded, he was like, Hey dude, like, you should really fucking think about going down there. And I was like, all right, well, You know, I've done all the, I've done like a ton of research. I've talked to a bunch of guys about it. I understand like how it works now. And so fuck it, I'll go. And so I, I went down there 'cause I, I just wanted to be more in the moment with my, with my family. I got two little kids now. And, and so I went down there and That was like, I, I felt like I was kind of like through the PTSD type stuff and, and maybe not, but, but I, I wanted, I just wanted to get rid of anxiety and be in the moment with my family and dah, dah, dah, dah da.


And so I went down and did the ibogaine thing and you, we took these pills and like the, I didn't get a lot of visuals, but the first visual I got was I was just sitting there like looking in this mirror, shaking this fucking Morocco and my head like, I was like, all right, this shit is not working. Well, then my head Like, it like split open like a In the mirror. Yeah, dude. It was like, I watched my head like peel like a fucking banana. Like it was just like, whoosh.


And then, and then another head like just blossomed out of it. Whoa. Yeah. It was really odd. And then I was like, all right, it's definitely fucking kick it in. So I'm gonna, so I'm gonna, I'm gonna lay back. And, and it was kind of to, to me like the whole experience maybe, I guess I just lost total concept of time. It didn't feel, it was like 12 hours, but it, it didn't feel like 12 hours, but it did, it didn't really feel like five minutes either. But I got like this life review kind of thing and just had these TV screens, it looked like all black, like you're in space or something.


And then these two lines of TV screens that were going in my peripheral vision and what was playing in those TV screens was, and they, it was moving Like, it kind of a slow pace. And so like, I could see what was going on in the TV screens through my peripheral, but if I tried to concentrate on any one particular thing, then they would like all just disappear until I, until I stopped trying to like, concentrate on one thing. And then that would all appear again and I could like look at it through my peripheral and I'd, I'd be like, oh, You know, That was, That was in Baghdad. That's when I was five years old. And my dad was like yelling at me and That was this.


And it was like, but it wasn't like, I wasn't like reliving traumatic events. They were, it was just like passing me by like recordings. Yeah. Like an old VHS tape. Yeah. And so I just let 'em like pass. And then I went into some other stage, which I don't really understand, but it was a bunch of like, these walls of stuffed animals. And I was kinda like going through this maze. And then like the last thing I talked about before I I, before I did the experience was China. And so then I had like this horrible, this horrible thing about the Chinese invasion.


But, but what came outta that? Like, it's like, oh, well that, that doesn't sound very good. Well, yeah. What came outta that? I lost 11 pounds in literally one week. It's a week long type of experience. I lost 11 fucking pounds. It's also a heavy metals detoxer, by the way. So that's probably, probably had like some heavy metals blocking me up or something. But though the, i, the whites of my eyes like cleared up. Like, and it wasn't just me. I like journaled all this shit down. And then I didn't tell my wife any of this stuff. And I came home and she's like, your eyes look like a lot lighter.


Like the whites look a lot lighter, whiter. And, and, and my brown eyes looked like they had lightened up, huh? Yeah. And then it was also like, I had realized every, everything that I was ingesting That was poison, it was like this, going back to intuition, it was like this intuition of like, I just, I was like, You know, I didn't come, I didn't go down there to quit drinking, You know, I just, it just fucking happened, man. Like, I was just like, I don't, I don't think I'm gonna drink anymore. And so I haven't had a drink in, like I said, just under three years. And Do You think you had a drinking problem?


Oh, fuck yeah, man. I had a drinking problem, big drinking problem. But, But you didn't think it at the time? Well, I, my drinking problem had had digressed quite a bit. So I mean, I used to, I used to drink close to two fifths of vodka a day. Whoa. Yeah. And, but, You know, then, and That was coming out of the agency and I didn't have anything to do really. And, and You know, I was processing a lot of kind of what had happened over the past 14 years. I didn't have any friends severely depressed, whatever man loved to party, You know?


And that just, it was wake up, drink many bottles of vodka all day long. And then at night, You know, I'd crack a fifth, but by the time, by the time I went there, it was, it was like a, probably two bottles of wine instead of two bottles of vodka at night. Still. Holy shit. Yeah. That's A lot of wine. Well, I mean, that's, yeah, it is. But anyways, came back and I just didn't want the wine anymore. I used to take Adderall, was addicted to that. Didn't need that.


Didn't need this ambient anymore. Didn't eat anything. And cold Turkey. Cold Turkey, man weed. Quit weed for about six months and then, and then, yeah. And then I went back. But, and even sugar man, I quit sugar for about six months. And, and it was, You know, the funny thing is, man, Like it was zero effort. It wasn't like, I'm not fucking drinking and I'm not gonna do sugar and I'm not gonna smoke weed and no more Adderall. I just didn't want it. And There was no, There was just no urge. Right. There was no addiction left, it was gone.


Wow. You know, and That's the thing they say about Iboga, that it uniquely rewires your brain. Yeah. And there's some sort of a scientific understanding of how it works, but the fact that it's illegal in this country is bananas. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, how many people are suffering through opioid addiction? It's, it's an enormous number. And if There was a thing that we are aware of that could help all of our citizens that are struggling right now, listening to this, there's people that are struggling and there's a thing. And it's illegal in this country. Yep. As far as I know, I don't think people are dying from Ibogaine. You know, ibogaine was, I, it was very funny that Hunter chose this, but Hunter s Thompson used that during, was it the McGovern?


The McGovern election. So it was like 72, whatever it was. And when he wrote Fear and Loathing on the campaign trail, so he created a rumor that Ed Muskie, who was one of the candidates, had a severe ibogaine addiction. And the Brazilian scientists were coming to visit him and, and give him this treatment. And it became such a rumor and it spread so far. And it would that it started affecting him. And he was giving campaign speeches and he was denying it. And he was all sweating and he looked like a maniac. And Hunter essentially derailed this guy's campaign by saying that he was addicted to ibogaine of all things That I think Iboga would be impossible to be Addicted.


See if you can find Hunter on the Dick CT show where he's, he admits that he started the rumor. It's, it's very funny. Wow. I fucking loved that dude. God, I wish I met him. Yeah, Me too. He was a fucking maniac. That would've been wild. But the fact that he used Ibogaine was really funny and ironic. 'cause that's the thing that gets you to quit addictions. Yeah. I mean, it's not a fun experience, man. There was a lot of fucking Let's This, I couldn't believe that people really believe that Muskie was eating evil cocaine. I never said he was. I said There was a rumor in Milwaukee that he was, which was true when I started the rumor in Milwaukee. Oh shit, That guy, he fucked everybody up because he would do actual journalism mixed in with fiction.


And, You know, he called it gonzo journalism. He essentially started a new kind of journalism. It's like you, you, There was a, an understanding that some of this was not real and you had to kind of like figure out what was real and what wasn't real. And he was just gonna do it his way. He was a cool dude, man. He was a cool dude. Yeah. That would've been a hell of an interview. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. But the fact that he chose Ibogaine is kind kind of funny. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. 'cause it, they, they say it's like the one that you would, You can't get addicted to. Honestly, I don't think I could get addicted to any of 'em, but Yeah, I don't think so either. I've heard of people that get addicted to certain psychedelics, but I think they're, I think there's people that do psychedelics to learn more about themselves.


And I think there's people that do it to escape, and I think they escape reality with it. And then they get used to escaping and then they, they they choose that as their reality and they do it way too much. I think there's abuse with everything. Yeah. I think you can certainly abuse at least some psychedelics, but the benefits of them far outweigh the negatives. And there's a lot of people that are hurting in this country and they should have access to all the different things that could help them. Yeah, yeah. And the fact that you have to go to Mexico to do that, It's ridiculous, man. I mean, it's fucking working. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's working and, and it's, it's, it's just like why the what, why, why, Why, Why, why can't You like, let us, I'm, I'm speaking, You know, for the veteran population right now, but like why, just, why can't you just let us fucking get better?


Right? Like, everybody knows the 22 a day, You know, which is actually like 40 something a day of veterans that are killing themselves and this shit is a fucking game changer. And, But I don't think big pharma's gonna allow it. I just, I think that's what the holdup is. Well Maybe that's something that RFK Junior can help. Yeah. If they get into office. Yeah. If they get into office. I mean, but when you hear about the five kill teams and you hear about all this different shit that's going on, I mean, October hasn't even started yet. You got a full month of October and who knows what the fuck had happened Yeah. Up in leading up to the elections. Yeah. I don't think they're gonna let up whoever They are.


I don't think so. Whoever they are And, and not only that but is, You know, forget about the organization. Like, forget about like that there are people out there probably like Iran and maybe state actors or who knows that's trying to kill Trump. What about this, the fucking general kooks that have been buying all this rhetoric every day that he's a threat to democracy and they think that this is the one thing that can give them meaning in their life, the one great act that they can accomplish to go out and kill Trump. I mean, it's, I don't know man. I mean it's, there's just, there's so much that, that goes into this.


Like that first shooter right? The, what was he 20 years old? Yeah. You know, 20 years old. Then he got, You know, Trump's basically been in the media for what, about eight years? I think he showed up what, about a year before, before the 2016 election. Right. Kind of went in. So we're going on what, eight years now of, of the media just slamming him over and over. He is a threat to democracy. This is gonna ruin the country. You know, so if you take that 20-year-old, I mean, eight. So he's, since he was 12 years old, that's all he's heard. Yeah. 12 fucking years old. That's all he's heard. And little kids have no ability to discern.


So is it, is it a very well orchestrated act to kill him? Or is it, is it media manipulation that nobody really thought too far into this? And now it's all, now we're seeing the consequences, You know, of, of, of what that kind of pushing an agenda like that will do. It's Probably both things. You know, it's probably both things. It's probably all the above. And the fact that 24% of Americans think, or pulled, obviously polled, because those are the dumbest motherfuckers of all time anyway. People that answer polls. And you always have to think of that, You know?


Yeah. Like 99% of people don't answer polls. So outta that 1%, 24% of those retards are dumb enough to think that it's a good idea to shoot Trump. Yeah. And that the American people shouldn't be able to decide on their own. That's what's really crazy. They think they're right and you're wrong. And no matter what, they have to stop you from getting your vote. They have to stop you from voting in the, in direction that you are thinking you are gonna vote for. It is just a scary time. It's scary time for the Republic. It really is. Yes. It is like Weirdly scary and also like weirdly chaotic in the sense that this is all happening at the same time as the rise of podcasts and social media and, and new ways to get information.


So more people are aware of how fuck we are now than like during the Vietnam War. Yeah. Like people were against the Vietnam War and, You know, they're, they're against fighting the, the troops in the Vietnam War, but they didn't really know what was going on. They didn't have like, full access to it like we have now. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know where this ends, man. I mean, part of me thinks, You know, it's just, it's part of me thinks we're just gonna end in a, some type of a civil war. That's terrifying. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that seems Like, it seems like it's definitely being pushed in that direction. I Mean, I think it's, I think we're all kind of already there.


It's just not, it's just gonna look a lot different. It's a cold war, right. You know? Yeah, yeah. You see these states banding together, You know, you see blue states banding together, you see bright states banding together. You see, You know, a lot of governors aligning, sending, sending National Guard down here to Texas, You know, to, to to, to try to secure the border. You got, You know, these extreme, look, I don't whether, whether you agree with me or not, they are, they're extreme. And so, You know, like, like the abortion stuff, like you got states that are, are making these like super harsh abortion laws. Like, we're gonna hunt you down if you get one and throw your ass in prison.


And I think it, I can't remember how many states now have passed. Constitutional carry is like 20, I can't remember. It's, I think there's only like a state or two left that need constitutional carry. But I mean, I think the, basically what I'm getting at is I think the lines are kind of like being drawn right now. Or the alliances are kind of forming up like, Hey, let's pass these super, super red laws, these super left laws or blue laws and, and it'll drive everybody outta the state that we want and it'll, do You know what I'm getting At? Yeah. I do know what you're getting at. You know, I, I think this is all like, kind of happening naturally.


Yeah. I don't know what the solution to any of this stuff is. I hope it's a greater understanding that we develop over time where we figure out how to communicate better and work together. And I think some of that can be facilitated through ai if it's done correctly. If it's like a real open source AI where people can get a real better understanding of the, the actual mechanisms instead of like whatever beliefs you have and why the system works the way it is. If you could just have it laid out Yeah. Factually laid out where there can be no shenanigans, you can't deny it. I Mean, I think one way would just be having podcasters and, and journalists, I mean, how the fuck would you do this?


But, You know, one thing on, like, on my show and I kind of went off the rails A little bit the last month I got a little probably more political than I I'm one, I was, I hate politics, man. Yeah, Me too. I mean, it's just the coun, they Come up all the, the time. It's the fate of the country. You think I like 'em. Yeah. You know, every time I dive in I feel like, I feel like I fucked a hooker on a, on a rusty couch. You Know what I mean? It's like, I don't think This shit's gonna wash off me now, but You Know what I'm talking about. I do. I do, I do. But but anyways, where I was going is I, You know, I, people have just lost the fucking ability to think for themselves.


They, they can't critical think anymore. And You know, so like one thing that I do on mine is if I bring somebody on that's, I'm like, don't say Trump 500 times on my show. Let's not say like, fuck the left, fuck the right. Like, let's not say these fucking Democrats and these fucking Republicans like just, just give me the policy. Just gimme the problem. Just like, let's just leave all that shit out. Yeah. Because if you leave all that, all those adjectives out, then it forces people to go, well shit, I don't really know. It forces them to formulate their own opinion because they don't know what their side thinks about that particular issue.


Unless you're talking about abortion or something like that. But You know what I'm, You know what I mean? Yeah. If you leave that out of, if you leave, if you can leave those adjectives out, then I think common sense will start to make a comeback because it won't be so tribal. It will be like, well actually I don't really, I don't, I don't know where the party that'll I align with stands on this, so I'm gonna have to formulate my own fucking opinion here. And man, that would do wonders For humanity. Well, we definitely need more people that are willing to do that too. 'cause some people just don't have the time or the interest to form their own opinions on things. Yeah. It's so much easier to just agree with whatever their side believes.


Yeah. How did you get started in doing a podcast? Like what was the motivation behind it? Ooh, well, I used to teach weapons and tactics and I, I taught Keanu Reeves for John Wick three. And, and then I got a lot of hate, I'll just put it that way. I got a lot of hate from, from the, from the special operations community, from the two-way community. And, and I was like, You know what, man? Like, it's very egocentric community anyways. And so I was like, I'm, I'm like fucking dumb with this shit. And so I just started, dude, I didn't know what to do.


I was like doing camping stove reviews and I bought a bunch of fucking alpacas and put 'em in my front yard and I thought I was gonna be a Farmer. And like, yeah. And then, but You know what I did? I was like, I was like, dude, I'm so fucking tired of like my guys killing themselves and going into depression and suicide attempts. And I got sick of, of the same talking heads on tv, kind of documenting what was going on over there. I mean, it was a bunch of people who had never even stepped foot in any of those war zones documenting what happened over there. So, so I, I just started and I had built like, I don't know, maybe 250,000 subs on YouTube from like, gun stuff.


And so I started, I was like, I gotta, we one, we gotta document the history. Two, there's a major fucking suicide epidemic happening. So let's talk about some guys that had had attempted. I was, I mean, I tried to kill myself, but let's, let's get some guys that have really been through it, dug themselves out of it and, and, and let's, so it's, so it's we're documenting history the way it happened. We are talking about the, the veteran crisis that's going on and how people got out of it. And then it also, and then at the end of the every episode was, Hey, let's, like, let's talk about your business.


You know, 'cause it's stories, what sell. So let's, let's do the whole story and get everybody like super attached to you. Let's document the history, talk about your vulnerabilities, what it was like trans ret, transitioning back into civilian life, how fucked up it was, how you ruined your family, how you tried to kill yourself, all that shit, how you came out of it. And then let's talk about your business. And so, I mean, these guys would come on and, and You know, their business would like Jet Launch overnight, which I'm sure you, You know, but, and that I just, dude, I just liked doing it. I liked fucking helping people. And I, and, and, but I'll tell You, like, I started, it was awesome.


I loved it. I still, there's nothing else I'd rather do. I started, I started feeling a lot of resentment to my guests because they would come on my show and then they would like pass me up business wise like that. And I was like, fuck man. Like, what, what the fuck do I have to do to make a business out of this shit? Like, I'm great at like, jet launching everybody else's shit, but I'm not making any fucking money here. And I got a family to support and this isn't gonna work out. And then I don't know what happened, man. But then something just like switched, like, God just stepped in and was like, you're doing good shit.


Like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna bless you. And, and it, I just like hit a turning point and now I just talk to whoever I'm interested in. But, but Well you're doing a great show and I think that's all it takes. Thank you. I think you do a great show. And then the beautiful thing about social media and YouTube and all these different things is that people could just share it. Like, I've had a, a few people, I think Billy Carson, I think somebody sent me that one. And You know, it's just like someone would say, Hey, you should check this out, You know, and just send you a text message. That's such a massive advantage of YouTube. Yeah. And, and Spotify and a lot of these apps is that someone could just send you a show, like you would really love the show.


Check it out. Yeah. And then you just click it and then all of a sudden it's playing, You know, and I play it in my car, could play it in the sauna and I'm listening to this. And it, it's a complete new thing that's available anytime you want. You could pause it. I know it's you. I know like, I, one of the things I like about your show is I can 100% tell this is just you talking to these guys. Like, what did you do? Like how, okay, explain that to me. Like it's just you. And in this world of Talking Heads, that has become a very refreshing alternative to a lot of people. And if you do a good show like yours, it just grows.


It's just, people will find it, You know, people share it and it just organically grows. Well thank you for checking it out. Hey, My pleasure. My Pleasure. How did, why did you start yours? I started just on a laptop answering questions like with a friend of mine, my friend Brian, who I started with, We were just fucking around. We thought it'd be fun to just do for fun, You know, I always wanted to do a radio show, But I thought no one's ever gonna gimme a radio show. You know, when I was a, when I was touring, doing clubs back in the day where you would have to do morning radio, I would like to do it. I would like, I, 'cause I have these crazy things that I'm interested in. Crazy stories. So I'd come in and do these morning radio shows and I'd be like, wow, what a great job.


That would be morning radio games. Yeah. I'd fuck up and swear that wouldn't work. And then the rise of podcasts happened and, You know, Adam Corolla had one and You know, there's a bunch of other ones. And then Oppi and Anthony, Anthony Kuia from Oppi. And Anthony started doing his own show called Live From the Compound, where he is doing like karaoke holding a machine gun. And he was out of his fucking mind. He built a a, a television studio in his basement. And I was like, fuck, he can do that and do that online. Like, I need to start doing something. So we started out just doing this little, oh, and then also the Tom Green show. Tom Green had his own like, internet talk show.


And I was a guest on it long before my podcast. I was like, you just gotta figure out how to make money outta this. Like, you could see the, the, the seeds of my podcast being planted while I was on his show. I was like, this is amazing. No executives, no one talking to you. That, and then I actually even was in talks with the company That was doing it with him to do my own thing with them, But I just decided to do it on my own. I'm like, I don't wanna do nothing with nobody. I wanted it to just be 100% me just fucking around. And in the beginning, all my friends were like, what the fuck are you doing? Like, why are you wasting your time? They'd come over my house and my kids were real young at the time. So like, in the early days, like you would hear, We were in one of my spare bedrooms with a desk set up and you'd hear, mommy, she took my thing.


You hear that in the background when the kids were arguing with each other. So it was, You know, from that moved into like a little studio. We rented a little office space somewhere and, and then moved into a warehouse and got a real studio and then started having security there. And then started, well I should have a fucking gym here. Let's put a gym in. And started, You know, bringing in guys to train with and, and then the, it, it just got big, all organic. I never did ads for it. I never did put a billboard up. I never went on other people's podcasts and said, please watch my podcast. Never did any of that. Never promoted it. It just grew.


That's awesome. All but it's all the same reason why yours is growing. It's just, I talked to whoever I want to talk to. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I watched your show a bunch of times, reached out to you on Instagram, like, what's up? Yep, yep, yep. But the way you do it and the way I do it is, I think that's why it's interesting 'cause I can tell like when you're talking to that guy That was talking about the Direct Energy weapons and Antarctica, all that crazy shit, like, you wanted to hear what the guy had to say. Yeah. Like, You know, this is why he was on there. You know, this isn't like some producer has told you the list of guests that you're gonna have for the week and you're not really interested in it and you gotta interview some fucking kid in a boy band. You know, like, I Can't do it.


Yeah. I can't do it. I like, There's no reason to do it. Yeah. You know, when I, when I started, I was, we started in the attic. It was me and my wife. We had these shit cameras that had like 30 minute timers So I was, Mike Glover was my first guest. And so my wife was like running back and forth resetting these 30 minute fucking timer cameras and I'm trying to run the sound and listen to what the hell Mike's saying. And I'm like, this is fucking awesome. We're gonna do this for A long time. What, what year did you start? I started first one got pumped out Christmas of 2019. Wow. Yeah. Well that's also a great example. 'cause a lot of people wanna say that the podcast market is too saturated now.


Like I've heard people say that, ah, it's too hard to make it in the podcast market. I'm like, I don't believe that. Yeah, I don't believe that. I think if you got a good show, it's gonna rise. Same here. And that's you. Thank you. Thank you. Well, I studied the hell outta your show and when I was doing it and, and You know, I, I wanted to, I I just wanted to make it different. I didn't want to copy the, the red curtain and, and You know what I mean? And you made It yours. Yeah, you really did. And, and it's, that's the great thing about this. And we need more voices like yours out there. More different people that are doing the same kind of thing, You know, following their own interests, talking to people. Honestly, having these long-term, long form podcasts, like the, the one with the guys studying the UFOs, I think that's like four and a half hours long.


Right. Which one Is it? What's his name? John Alexander. Yeah, I did one That was like nine hours. Yeah. John Alexander. This one is, how, how long is this one? Lemme check. Does it say resume? Hey, six hours on YouTube. Six hours, yeah. Yeah. It's six hours in a couple of minutes. Yeah. Of you talking to this guy about paranormal programs in the government. I don't wanna let him go. No. It was amazing. It's crazy stuff man. Thank You. Listen Sean, it was great to meet you. I really appreciate you. I appreciate what you're doing. I appreciate how you do it and it's good to become friends.


Hey, Thank you for having me Joe. My pleasure. It's good to be here. Alright, bye everybody. Oh, watch the show. Shawn Ryan Show. It's on everything, right? Yep. Alright, cheers. Bye everybody.