
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright, ready? Taking this Off here. No, I'm, I'm just making sure that there's nothing completely retarded looking about myself right now. What could possibly be different than the way when you walked in here? I Have no idea, dude. I'm I'll tell you what, it's so much fun walking in here and not be like, ready to throw up outta nerves. The first time I walked outta here and I went, holy shit. I was actually nervous. I don't get nervous, but the first time I Was, I'm not nervous now, though. Good. No, good. Beautiful. No, perfect. No, No. It's Good to see you again.


Good to see you, man. Every time I see him, like, I'm glad he's still alive. It's like, where you live is so crazy. Let me tell you, Man, I don't understand why you continue to do it, But I guess you love it. Have to do it. Nothing else I can do at this point. How long do you think you're gonna stay out there for? Until the mission's complete? Until the mission's complete. I mean, we have, my whole life has been based around one goal. It's been protecting this river. So, and this year we've just been experiencing miracles. What's happened in the last few months has been ch life changing on a level that, that like, I didn't understand these things could happen. When Lex came down and everything that happened, we didn't think you, you go out and you don't think that that miraculous things are gonna happen.


And there's been, there's just been, there's just, we, we've actually been making strides towards notching winds in protecting this river, saving the Amazon. It's wild. So is it Because you become more high profile, you've got more support? Like what, what has been the change? Well, I mean, coming on here helped a lot. I mean, first of all, just coming over here, like three different people stopped me in the airport and we're like, are you that guy from Joe Rogan? And I was like, are you serious? Like, I'm over there, like, I'm not used to this. I live in the jungle, So I don't, You know, I don't know. And then I come back here and then people are like, dude, I know you, you're the jungle guy. And I'm like, oh shit, that's new for me. But, so really the, the thing that happened recently was that, You know, So I went on Lexus show a year and a half ago and he said he like, I'm gonna come down to the Amazon, which everybody says, You went on Lex's show, but Lex actually went on your show.


You can say that he Did it in the Amazon. And to see Lex with his suit, his customary suit on with the suit. How hot was it? It Was hot. If you watch that carefully, you can see him. Yeah, he Looks glistening. I was doing Fine, but we like, we both like, covered ourselves in bug spray and we were like, we just, we sat down and we said, okay, we're just gonna try it out. And if it doesn't work, it doesn't work, it's fine. But yeah, he came, like, when he said he was coming down, I was like, yeah, you and everybody else, everybody says they're gonna come down. I didn't think he would actually do it. And then how long Is the flight? It's not long. To get to Lima from New York is eight hours. So from here it's even shorter, I'm Sure. Oh, wow. Yeah, It's really not bad. And he came down for two weeks. The first day that he was, I was like, I wanna show you the start of the end of the, of the Amazon rainforest, which starts in the Andes Mountains.


So we're in the western edge of the Amazon rainforest. And so you have these glacial peaks up at 17,000 feet. So I was, I was like, Lex, we, I wanna take you up to 17,000 feet. I wanna go from source to river. And so his first day he arrived and then we drove five hours, got to the base of this mountain that we met up with these dudes that are experts, and they brought us up to the glacier where we can't breathe. Wow. Yeah, it was, it was, you're driving on roads where, where the, the, You know, the, the cliff goes down a thousand feet. Yeah. Fuck all that. I've seen those roads. Fuck all that. And, and I was, I opened the car door to try and goof around with Lex to be like, oh, I'm with Lex Friedman right now in the thing. And I look over and I see the wheel go over the fucking edge and skid back on.


And I was like, Oh, it happens all the time. So yeah, we got out, we, we, we walked, we let the car, I was like, look, the car drive. And then what we did was we took a rock and I was like, yell Lex. I was like, this would be us if, if the car flipped and we threw a rock over the edge and this big rock was just spinning like this. And I was like, man, we would be chop meat by the bottom. Yeah. So we got up to 70,000 feet. We saw the, the glacier. And whenever you bring somebody to the jungle, the thing is you don't know. Some people take to it, some people don't. Some people get to the jungle and like their skin doesn't react well to the bug bites. They're overwhelmed by the fact that they're far from everything. Lex's eyes lit up. Like I didn't know he had that setting. He walked into the jungle and was like, I like this.


He got this grin on his face. He was just Lex's secret savage. Yeah. Look at his face. He wasn't fucking around. Yeah. He could live out there. Yeah. And if you notice, he came to the Amazon and he looked like, like the fir like, like lex in his profile picture. And when he left the Amazon, he, he, he looked totally different. And, and that process is, is is what happened. We, he said, You know, he like, if I'm coming down, he's like, I wanna do what you guys do. I want to go on like a deep expedition. And so me and jj, who's the guy I work with down there, the local indigenous sahan native who, who is the reason that I do the work? I do. I I support his work. And so we said, okay, what are we gonna do? Let's find the wildest place we can think of. Let's, let's go way up our river.


So we're already like two, if you take a boat from town, it's two days deep into the jungle to get there by river. We said, let's go five more hours up river, leave the boat, and then we're gonna go from our river up to this other tributary. And it's like 20 miles. We're like 20, 20 miles, right? Fuck, let's be fine. We had our backpacks, machetes. We get off the boat and Lex is all good to go. The first five minutes were out there, JJ machete's a branch that has wasps. Oh God. His whole head and neck gets surrounded by wasps. He gets 30 stings on him, he runs. And so right away we're like, oh God, here we go. We had to use a stick to get his hat out from underwear. The wasps were attacking. We hike all day.


And here's the thing, you think it's the rainforest, there's gonna be water everywhere. There's no water. So picture being in the sauna for eight hours straight and then no re-up on water. We drank all of our water thinking we're gonna find a stream. We didn't find a stream. We camped that night, like dry camp, nothing fell asleep. Woke up. We're like, we gotta find water. And at this point, Lexus, How do you find water? Well, I Mean there should just be streams, right? This, this section We're there that you just didn't run into or it's Like, it was A weird section of forest. And, and this is integral to the whole story, was that this part of the forest, unlike where we are, which is very, very flat, and there's all these like little streams, they're clear. This came in and anaconda in them, but they're clear.


And the jungle works like the roots work, like a huge filtering systems. So you can drink that water right out of the streams. Where we were, it was up and down and up and down and up and down. And so that's why we're sweating all day. We camped, we didn't have water, we start going the next day, no water. And Lex starts looking at me and he's like, dude, We,


this episode is brought to you by the farmer's dog. We all want to do the best for our dogs. But there's a lot of mixed messaging out there. Take kibble for example. You don't have to do too much digging to learn that kibble is actually ultra processed. That aside their vague serving suggestions make it very difficult for your dog to sustain a healthy weight. Now there's a better option. The farmer's dog is healthy food made with real meat and vegetables by people who care about what goes into your dog's. Body board certified nutritionist develop their recipes to be complete and balanced, making their food to the same safety standards as human food. It's lightly cooked to retain vital nutrients and then pre-portioned to suit your dog's needs. All this helps your dog reach and maintain their ideal weight. One of the biggest predictors of a longer, healthier life, try the farmer's dog today. You can get 50% off your first box of healthy freshly made food at The Farmer dog.com/rogan. Plus you get free shipping. Just go to The Farmer dog.com/rogan. This offer is for new customers only.


It's the most wonderful time of the year for getting in on all the hoops. Football and hockey action at DraftKings Sportsbook. In the season of giving, we're being gifted college football and basketball, pro football and basketball and pro hockey too. Almost 24 7 money lines parlays, props, live bets and so much more. The betting options feel endless on DraftKings. Best of all, it's safe, secure, and reliable with 24 7 support. And here's a gift for all new customers. Bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bet wins. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use Code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. If your bed wins when you bet just five bucks. Happy Holidays from DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone You know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. Bet must win to receive reward. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk Eng.co/audio


Can't keep doing this. We're we're slipping and sliding down slopes. We're hiking up slopes and just grabbing onto things. And when you grab onto trees in the Amazon, they have spikes on them. You're worried about stepping on venomous snakes, you're worried about twisting an ankle. It was brutal travel, like level 10 hiking. And JJ made contact, made eye contact with me behind him and he was just going, this is, this is not good. And so I think it was day three we're wa we're we're going and you're we're in such Did You go a whole day without water at All? We went with a whole day with no water whatsoever. And what's the temperature? 99 degrees. Oh, full humidity. Oh my God. So you're like full dehydration. Yeah, probably a little delirious.


Completely delirious. And so we're Body's not working well And you start making errors. Right? Right. You start taking bad steps 'cause you're tired. So you go, I'll just step on this thing. And so you, you step on a route that goes down, you slide poof, you hit the ground, you get taught tangled up in vines. We had, we had pack rafts is this company Alpaca rafts. They, we had paddles sticking out of our backpacks that kept getting stuck on vines. And what happened though was as we're going through this forest, we're going, God, this is so incredibly dense. And I see this tree, this huge tree, the size of this room. And I go, jj, what tree is that? And he smiles at me, teacher to student. And he goes, You know why, You know, don't know what that is. He goes, you've never seen a mature mahogany tree because the laggers down there, they took 'em all out.


Oh, this forest has never been cut millions of years. The Amazon rainforest forming geologically has never been cut. And so we're going through this forest, we see jaguar tracks, ancient mahogany trees. We're seeing ironwood trees. No one's been there. It's not even signs of uncontacted tribes. This is forest that no one's been through. And so, right at the time, I remember we stopped for lunch. Lunch, we stopped to eat the last food we have. And we're, the problem that we were doing was at, I had a compass and we were getting to the top of these hills. And You know, when you look on the ocean floor and the, the, the sand makes like those geometric ripples. And there's like, there's a pattern to it. And so we were coming to the top of a ridge line and we were like, we don't want to go down again and we don't wanna hike up again.


So we were staying on the ridge lines. And what That was doing was taking us a 30 degree tick to the, I think it was to the west. But that what That was doing though, was taking us about another 20 miles off course. Oh no. So we, we had to hit the river here, but we were gonna hit over there. Oh no. So we had to correct for course we stopped. We're eating the last of the food. We have, we drank water out of a puddle. I have a video and we're gonna all this, do You have a pump? Do you have a filtration system? We went with nothing. We had our 10, we had our tents in our machetes, Jesus Christ. And I have a video, a video of Lex, and he's looking at this puddle, Why don't you bring a SteriPEN or something? 'cause I do everything with the local guys. And they were just like, oh, it'll be fine. There'll be water. And we just, we didn't anticipate this happening.


And I, I, Lex was crouched by this wa by this puddle with his backpack on. And he's like, looking at the water and he looks at me and he goes, I'm gonna drink it. And I said, do not drink that. I was like, please don't fucking drink that. And he, he goes, I'm gonna drink it. He goes, I don't care about anything else on earth right now except for water. And I was like, please don't drink it. Giardi Is no joke. Nope. We stopped for lunch. We did. He drink it? He did not drink it. Wow. No, he, You know, I mean, we, we didn't want if, because now we're going, if we get sick, we have no sat phone. Right. No communication to the outside world. We at least 30 miles from the nearest river, let alone help. Right. That's a hundred miles away. Deep in the Amazon and the feeling of deep jungle, that feeling of wilderness.


I, I know like, You know, when you're like elk hunting, I'm sure You know this when you're out there and you get that feeling like this is, this is out there. Yeah. And uncaring. Uncaring, yeah. You start like the ocean where it's Like, it Matter. It's almost like lonely. It's very Lonely. Even when you're with people, It starts to press on you. We started getting quiet. Like we weren't having like an awesome time. We were, we were feeling it. And so we ate like some nuts and, and we had nothing to wash it down with. So we're just chewing on it. And we got up and then we took a few steps and all of a sudden everything changed. We came out onto a road and it's a logging road and J's face fell. I was heartbroken. Lex, Lex looked confused.


What we realized was in this ancient patch of forest, the progression of the metastasizing destruction that's moving through the Amazon forest comes in roads. This road, somebody had just cut a road and they hadn't cut the ancient mahogany trees and they hadn't cut the ironwood trees. Oh. And the wildlife was untouch. But there's a road. So they're coming. We used the road. We hiked, we hiked out, we reached water. And there's, this is amazing, when we reached water, 'cause we just plunged into this river we were drinking. We did have some iodine tablets. We, we put that in our water bottles. We drank as much as we wanted to. And then we had to raft for an entire day back to the place where we got picked up. But what happened was that now we know, and this is on our river, this is where we're trying to create this corridor with jungle keepers.


Now we know that some of the most ancient forest on earth is about to be destroyed. And we get back to our base, to our research station. And it just so happens that there was a client there and he was staying in the, that tree house, the Alta sanctuary tree house. And we tell him this whole story and we're drinking and we're eating and we're, You know, we're all sunburnt and bug bitten and dehydrated. And our cheeks are, You know, stuck to our skulls. And we tell him this whole story and we go, it's gonna be brutal watching this, You know, dismantled. And he goes, well, I want to help. He goes, find out how we get that land. And it hadn't really occurred to me that we could do anything about it. And this dude, this guy's name is Jay.


And he said, he goes, I'll, I'll I'll start you off. He goes, whatever the land costs, I'll give you 150 grand. Do a fundraiser, put it public, and try and get matching donations and talk to the lockers. So what we set up the fundraiser, JJ Local called up his friends who happened to own that land. His friends don't want the land. They're contracting it to laggers to get the trees out to make some money so they could just sell it off. We put it up on Instagram. We raised $150,000 in 48 hours. Talked to the loggers, bought the land. And then the craziest part is that when we were, we went there, we physically, with all the directors of drone keepers, we went to the land and the Peruvians, the, the Peruvian directors sat down with the loggers and they were like, look, we own this land now it's for conservation.


We're gonna save this forest. And the loggers went, that's fine, but can, can we still work here? And we went, what? And they said, we do this 'cause we love it. And we went, what? They said, yeah, could we just be rangers? Like we see you have rangers, could we be rangers? And we were like, yeah, you could be rangers. Yeah you could be rangers. These dudes are over here destroying the thing they love. 'cause they have no other opportunity. Right. So The fact that this is that, that we now have this global network of people that care. The local people in the Amazon rainforest are trying to protect the Amazon. And now we have all these people all over the world because of stuff like this. Because of all the work that we've been doing that people know that they just, You know, we have people that give $5, $10, a hundred dollars a month.


We have this huge network of donors. And now we're able to get those wins. We see a threat in patch of forest. Boom. We grab it, hire the loggers as rangers, everybody wins. And we're saving forests this year since the last time I saw you, we went from 55,000 acres to almost a hundred thousand acres. That's one third of the way to protecting the 300,000 acres that we have to protect. So we're one third of the way through the goal. Wow. That's all been happening in the last month and a half. That's incredible miracles. So are you, when you're navigating, you're not using GPS, you're just using a compass? Yeah. Why Commitment? What?


Because look, So I actually wouldn't, You want the best tools for the job. I agree with you. And if you're in a really, so when we go out to really remote places when you just cannot fuck around. Yes we do bring like a Garmin GPS and we have a Map. Well that sounds like you cannot fuck around if you guys are without water. For two days we Thought we were gonna go in the forest and go on a walk. 20 miles isn't a 20 mile hike is nothing. We do that every day. We did not. The reason this forest hadn't been cut was because it was up and down and up and down and denser than all the other forests. 'cause it's fucking ancient. And so we discovered it and how hard it was. And that's where I'm going. Holy shit. We brought Lex Friedman out here And he's Gonna die and he is gonna die of dehydration. And he was looking at me. I mean, there were so many times during the trip where he looked at me and you could just tell.


He was like, fuck you dude. Just, just Fuck you man. What, how do you find water? You just stumble upon it. Is that, I Mean, from, from our base, you walk five minutes back into the jungle and there's a beautiful clear stream. And I, I drink straight outta the stream. No problem. Now I wouldn't, for someone that comes to the jungle, I wouldn't say just start doing that. I'd say like, take a sip the first day. See how your stomach goes. I've been down there 20 years, so I'm fine the locals. So is it just your gut bacteria changes? Is that what it is? I mean, some people, you take them, You know, you go to Italy and they get sick, You know. But like, You know, it's like people, some people Fragile folk. Fragile folk. Yeah. You know, sunscreen and bug spray. But we, somebody said that too.


'cause I, I posted a video of me drinking like monkey head soup and coffee out of a bowl. What Monkey head soup. We went with the locals before. Everybody, all the pita people freak out. I don't care. Freak out when you live with the locals. When, when in Rome. Right. You know, if you go to someone's house and they're local, they eat monkeys. And so we were on a beach and some of the local guys hunted monkeys. And so we woke up in the morning and they heated up the food. And what we had was wow bowl coffee. 'cause we didn't bring cups. We're on a canoe. Right. You just bring, you cut your toothbrush in half to save weight. And So I posted it and I was like, here's 'cause everybody messages me going, You know, how do I get your job? And I was like, here's one reason why you fucking don't want my job.


And think you do monkey head soup. Monkey head soup. And what Does monkey head soup taste like? Exactly what you think. You know, it's, it's at the same time it's not as bad as you think. Monkey tastes like Goat. They prefer monkeys though, right? They love monkeys. Part of the conservation strategy is just like, You know, just, just like we have deer tags to make sure that there's continually deer for local indigenous communities. They wanna keep eating monkeys. They love monkeys. Really? Yeah. So they want to keep the monkey population manageable. Is that the idea? And they want to Eat 'em eventually. Yes. And So I would say it's kind of colonialist conservation to come in there and go, well you can't eat monkeys because we think you can't. But then like you go trout fishing and deer hunting, that doesn't make any sense.


Right. But it's like monkeys are too closely related to us. Ah, it's like the people that, this is one thing that I've noticed, people that get upset about hunting don't necessarily get upset about fishing or don't get upset about a piece of fish. Like if you put a plate of salmon. Yeah. You know, like, oh, this is my lunch today. Everybody's like, oh, that's healthy salmon. Yeah. But if you have a picture of a salmon, people get a little upset. But if you have like a, a steak, people don't get too upset. But if you have like a dead deer, people get very upset And forget. Yeah. I mean it's Very weird. So I, I disconnected, I think yesterday, sometime this week I posted a video. We were out and I was with again, some Ma Ganga natives and we caught a yellow catfish.


And their daughter, who's three, three and a half years old now you're out somewhere where there's no refrigeration. You have a two hour boat ride back. What do you do? You put the fish in the bottom of the boat with a little bit of water and you let it stay alive. Right. Just enough to keep its gill going until you get back. Because if you kill it, as soon as you catch it, it'll go back. Back Starts Rotting. Yeah. And so this girl picked up the, the, the, the fish. And she's Yeah. And she's hugging it. You the comments on this, the vegans went crazy. People were like, I'm unfollowing you. That's disgusting. This girl's excited. 'cause she's going to eat. She lives out in the jungle eating nothing but rice and Yuko. Like, if she didn't get that fish, she's gonna get malnutrition. Yeah. Well people are just so accustomed to supermarkets. They're just, they're so delusional about where your food comes from.


It's a, it's a fascinating thing. And and vegans are probably the worst at it because they really, if they really on the ground level understood monocrop agriculture, which is what supplies most of your food, they would be horrified. They'd be horrified at industrial pesticides and herbicides and all, all the shit that we put in the soil and how, You know, how many small animals get murdered in the process? It's, Well, you got a clear space for a farm, Right? Oh, you not only have to clear space, you have to kill groundhogs and ground squirrels and, and anything that's in the way. Yeah. Anything that's gonna eat your crops. Well, in the, in the jungle, that's what they're doing. They're all this burning, all this Amazon fires shit that goes on is every year is people coming in and 60% of it is for beef.


But the other percent of it is for papaya and corn and cacao. I see a lot of stuff where they're like, oh, sustainable cacao from the Amazon. I'm like, how is it sustainable cacao from the Amazon? Right? You cut down an ecosystem and trees that have mil thousands of species living on them. Right. It's not So it Sustainable. Sustainable is one of those words like organic people like to throw it around, just slap it on the package. I mean that's like that, that AP peel stuff. They call that organic. I don what that is. You know, You know what that is? No. It's this coating that they put on vegetables and fruit to keep it from going bad. The wax. Well it's some weird what, what's the ingredients of a peel? See like, part of it is quote unquote organic, but they don't tell you what the actual ingredients are.


A peel is a plant-based coating that's applied to fruits and vegetables to help them stay fresh longer. Seems normal, right? Like Yeah, it's plant-based. But what's in there? It's commonly found organic apples. But you're supposed to wash it off with soap and water. Mm. Like we were reading that if you have an avocado, what? So we were in elk camp and we were reading about this stuff 'cause we had starlink. Starlink is fucking amazing. That's how we do it. Oh dude, it's his, it's like the size of this cigar Box. I know. And you put it down on the ground and you get fucking high speed internet in the middle of nowhere. So we were reading that. They were saying that to take it off of avocados, you dunk the avocado and boiling water for 10 seconds and then rinse it off.


Like, what are you talking about? What's in this stuff? Also, nobody knows that. I don't know that. Right. So, So I come up here, I'm eating that shit. Exactly. Most people are just going to eat the apple. They're not gonna wash it off with soap and water. But the thing is, like they're saying it's plant-based and organic. Like that's a, that's the thing, like sustainable, these words that people use that make you feel okay about what's going on. But I mean, I don't even know what the fuck is in there. This one says use a brush. A brush. Scrub it. Do he Scrub your apples? A TikTok video. What the fuck are you talking about? Why are you putting something on the apple that I need to scrub? This says only, you can only remove it 100% by peeling it off. Oh my God. But I don't Know that of an apple. 'cause Apple's like, you wanna eat this?


Click on that. How to wash, remove, peel coating, vegetable coating. Let's see if we can watch a video. It'll show us how to do it. Let's could Go anywhere. Let's see. Which one do you wanna pick? Let's go with the first one. That lady, she's so she's peeling it. Peeling it. Yeah. Why do you peel produce but isn't a lot of the nutrients in The skin. See the next slide? Wax and peel. So this is different though. This is wax. Yeah, this is, that's car barrack. That's like normal. But appeal is a new product and it's one of those. Yeah. Okay, let's see what this lady has to talk. Let's talk about appeal. I don't like her earrings, but let's listen to her plus And reduce the use of plastic.


This compound uses plant material to make monoglycerides and diglycerides AKA fats a fat coating on fruits and vegetables. The intent less plastic. Amazing. Longer shelf life. Fabulous. Fabulous human cost. What human cost Fats are extracted from plants using yl acetate and heptane. Ooh. In the chemical process to make these fats, they add ingredients that contain heavy Metals. Oh great. Not all fats that come from plants are safe for human consumption. Generally speaking, olive oil comes from plants and it's healthy canola oil wrap seed oil. Cotton seed oil are fats that come from plants but not healthy.


They cause a lot of inflammation. It all depends on how the fats were extracted and how the chemical compound was created. At this time, there's no human trials to show what happens to humans who consume fruits and vegetables with appeal on them on a regular basis. Oh Great. Keep going. Yeah. Yeah. Why would there be human trials on something that people eat and it's all over supermarkets, but There's a lot of stuff coming out right now about the safety of our food. Oh yeah. I keep Hearing about this. It keeps showing Up. Yeah. Well there was a big hearing in front of the Senate that Brigham Bueller, who was on yesterday, he was talking about it, You know, in front of all these representatives. And they're trying to explain what the system is and how fucked it is and how there's most of these European countries and Canada, there's a lot of ingredients that, particularly dyes that we use.


Like, You know, we, he was talking about how lucky charms that you buy in America, you can't sell it in Canada. They have to sell a completely different lucky charms in Canada because Canada doesn't allow all these dyes because they're toxic. Oh, Those is the super bright color thing. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Those are toxic dyes. And we allow them, because we want people to, and there's also a bunch of other ingredients that make the food more addictive. Those are in our food supplies and some of them are illegal in other countries. It's not good. And there's, it, it seems like the way he was describing it is like the FDA is just completely overwhelmed and they, they, You know, and then there's companies are just pushing this stuff through and it's, it's kind of like the way we described it yesterday, it's like a hoarder's house.


Like how do you clean this up? Like you get into a hoarder's house, you're like, oh god. Yeah. Where do we, where do we fucking start? That's what our food system's, like our food system's. Like a hoarder's house. Well, I heard that guy. I don't remember his name. There was, he was like, he's a venture capitalist in the last week you guys were talking about, he was saying that like, when he travels abroad, he can eat whatever he wants. And then when he comes back to the US he puts on weight. Yes. And That was Chamath. Yeah. Yeah. That was a great one. He was, he was incredibly intelligent. And, and then I was looking up something, something else popped up where they were saying that the bread in, in like subway sandwiches is considered cake in Europe. Yeah. Because of the sugar content. Yeah. Some countries consider it cake 'cause it's, it's mostly, it's Like it's fucking Cake.


Come on. It's not really, It's bullshit. Yeah. We have bullshit food and You know, I don't eat most of that stuff, but if you do, you're gonna be really unhealthy. And most people aren't educated. You know, it took me a long time to understand this stuff and mostly, I mean, I tried to eat healthy before that, but mostly through the podcast and talking to people, getting an understanding of how bad the stuff really is for you. And then experimenting with diet and watching how much better my body felt and seeing my friends who don't do it and they just look like hell. And you're mostly carnivore now? Yeah. Yeah. Mostly fruits and mostly meat and fruits. Yeah. I mean, I, I hardly eat any vegetables at all, But I don't wanna avoid them. Yeah.


Like if I want, if I go out to dinner and I wanna have a Caesar salad or something, I'll eat it. It doesn't seem to bother me. But what does seem to bother me is pasta. Pasta and breads really hit home. They, they really wreck me. But not in Europe. Not in Europe. Went to Italy last summer, had pasta, had pizza, no problem at all. But why? I don't underst Why, Why? There's a bunch of things that we do. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Explained a lot of it. So did Gary Breca. He explained a lot of it. One of 'em is enriched flour. What's so-called enriched flour. Contains a bunch of chemicals like folic acid and a bunch of shit that your body has a hard time digesting. It's also, they use heirloom wheat in, in Italy.


And heirloom wheat is the original wheat. What we did was we changed wheat to make higher yield so that a smaller piece of land, you can get more weed out of it. So because of that it has more complex gluten, makes it more difficult for your body to process. And then on top of that, the big one may be, this is a lot, there's a lot of speculation about this, but there's, there's some serious evidence that most people who eat the common American diet, it's, what was it? The number of the people that had Roundup in their system. So glyphosate, what? Yeah, glyphosate is a, a really powerful pesticide that they spray on all kinds of different plants. And I think it's somewhere in the neighborhood of 90% of people tested had glyphosate in their system.


Roundup. Yeah. Blood. The stuff you Spray kill everything. Blood. Exactly. And it's illegal in some countries and should be illegal in America. But the problem is if you make it illegal, how are these monocrop agriculture companies gonna function? 80%. Okay. It's 80%. It's 87% of children. 87% of children. So this is 2022. Yeah. I would imagine this goes up every year. 80% of Americans have Roundup in their urine. That is so crazy. That's so dangerous. That's terrifying. And it's also fairly new in terms of human history. I mean, I think Roundup has only been around since the, is it the nineties? When did Roundup, when did glyphosate start becoming ubiquitous


on this episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. I might not have worked in traditional offices, But I've had many different jobs in my day. And while there are many different types of offices, one thing is for sure, choosing the right candidate for any office is a huge responsibility. So if you're hiring and you wanna find the best candidates, I think you need ZipRecruiter right now. You can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. ZipRecruiter will save you so much time and money because they have smart technology that'll show your job to qualified candidates immediately. And their matching technology works fast to find top talent. You can even invite top candidates to apply to encourage them to apply sooner. Remember, if you wanna find the right candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


this episode is brought to you by Den of Thieves two Pantera. You love the action Heist Den of Thieves. And now it's back with a sequel that cranks it up a notch. Gerard Butler and OSHA Jackson Jr. Are returning to the franchise. But here's the Twist Butler's cop character, he's flipping the script and joining the heist. That's right. The cop goes gangster. And I can't wait to see the chaos unfold. See Deni thieves two Pantera only in theaters January 10th


on crops. It's fucking dangerous, man. 'cause we're rolling the dice. A lot of the stuff that people eat causes long-term health consequences. And so when you're dealing with short-term stuff, like stuff that's only been around for five, six years, it takes a long time before you figure out what's happening. Also, 74 Roundup, which contains active ingredients. Glyphosate was first introduced to commercial agriculture in 74. So like, so scroll down so we can see like when it like ramps up. So 74. Okay. It wasn't widely used until 96. That's what I, I read. So Monsanto became selling genetically modified seeds that were resistant to Roundup.


This allowed farmers to spray their entire crop beds with Roundup without risking losing their crop. It's an herbicide, right? Yeah. Okay. Not a pesticide, an herbicide, but it's fucking terrible for you. Terrible. And 80% of people have it in their blood. Roundup microplastics. DDT. Yeah. Yeah. And then in the, and then what was it? I think it was during the gold rush times that everybody was using lead to to, to replug cans after they opened them. And then, You know, thousands of people died from lead poisoning before they figured it Out. Shang Gillis has a great joke about George Washington. George Washington's dentures were made outta lead. Oh. And that's why George Washington was such a fucking psycho. He had Like, Lead poisoning.


He wasn't brave, he was just insane. I read that when they were talking about the amount of plastic that people find, like in most men have plastic in their sperm plastic, in their, their testicles. You have plastic in your brain and a lot of that plastic is the plastic that's derived from PVC. So it's coming from water pipes. I thought our water pipes are metal. Some water pipes are metal. But when I used to do construction, we did a lot of houses where they use PVC pipes. Yeah. See this, this is a Lot of PVC pipes underneath kitchen sinks and stuff. So all that stuff, when water's going through that, you're picking up these little particles of plastic and that little, those little particles of plastic, You know, you cook your food in it, you drink your glass of water from the tap.


All that stuff is getting you plastic. And then there's cooking in microwave. You know, if you have like one of those things you lift up and You know, have a piece of plastic over the lid and you cook microwave of that and it's in a plastic bowl, that's all fucking getting into your body. That's all getting in your blood. Well I, I scared myself with that because we had plastic cups on an expedition and we boiled coffee and then I poured it into the plastic cup and I was like, ah. I was like, we gotta stop doing this. So we started bringing like metal and glass cups on, on expeditions. Well they obviously, they make stuff for campers that you can get, You know, and that's why we switched these steel cups here. We, we used to just go through so many bottles of water. I was like, this is fucked. So we, we bought a filtration system and You know, and, and started using steel cups.


But it's like our, this whole thing in America, one of the things we talked about yesterday with Brigham is the Make America healthy again movement. Hmm. Which is Robert Kennedy Jr. And a bunch of other folks that are involved in this. And it's exciting that this is gaining steam. 'cause people are concerned about their health and they all concerned about all the different chemicals that are in your fucking food. But the problem is now that's been attached to right wing ideology. So people are calling people that are interested in that. Far right. People. And it's just, if you're Worried about food safety Yeah, it's nuts man. But it's just because it's attached to Trump, it's 'cause the Trump administration, You know, make America great again and also make America healthy again with Robert Kennedy Jr.


He's involved in that. So people are just labeling that as some sort of alt-right fuckery and woo woo bullshit. And it's not, it's fucking dangerous for all of us, but we really need to wake up. Isn't it also true though that that in America at least like the poorest people are usually the ones with the worst diets? Absolutely. So I mean, like, you, like you've naturally progressed towards going, okay, So I eat elk and I eat vegetables and I care about where I get my stuff from, but people that aren't able to make that decision Sure. That would seem to me, there's c there's certain things where you go, shouldn't we all agree on this? Yeah. You know, food safety, shouldn't we just all agree with this? I don't understand. It shouldn't be political at all. How that becomes political when it comes to nature conservation. I never understood how that, You know, I'm like, these, we need clean rivers.


All these can be solved and this is what's fucked. It's like we have so much money to solve other country's problems and we don't have any money to solve our own health problems. That's very strange. It's, it's very shortsighted and very bizarre. And we need to do something about it. We, we need to do something about it now. It's just, it's it's really scary when you think that this, if this unchecked happens, these corporations will continue to sell you things that are very bad for you if they're profitable, as long as they're not penalized for it. And I guarantee you those people that know that the people that are, they probably don't eat any of that shit. That's like Steve Jobs. I don know if it's true. Yeah, I heard that Steve Jobs wouldn't give his kids screens.


Yeah. Yeah. They know. I mean, when you go to restaurants, you see little kids with an iPad sitting on a tray just standing there so their parents can have a conversation. The kids just like hypnotized dude by some fucking cartoon Kids are swiping before they're talking. Oh yeah. They know this motion. Oh yeah, they got that finger out. Yeah. They try to do it to magazines. You ever see a little kid try To do that? I, yo I saw a kid try to expand a magazine. I think I did that once. I was just hanging out with a baby and I was like, look at this picture. And I was showing him a book and he put his hands on it and he went, wha And I was like, nah, it doesn't work like that. I went, I think I almost did that once I, I think I looked at a magazine and I brought my hand up, went, what the fuck are you doing? Yeah. My thing is, the worst thing that I've done recently is I didn't have, I, You know, I start doing activities without my phone on me.


And I, like, I went for a run and I saw something cool and I was like, oh, I need to take a picture of that. And I was like, how? Just I, the, the idea that I couldn't take a picture of something Right. Had become something that I forgot about. Right. I take a picture of everything. Yeah. I probably take 400 pictures a day. I'm like, I like that logo. Bang. I like that street bang. Like, It's cool to be able to do it. But now we're also inundated with images all over the world. Yeah. And a lot of them are horrific events, which is the things that people are trying to capture the most. So it's like every day, like what, what's going on today? Like there's, right now Iran is bombing Israel, so there's missiles. Do You know about those?


Nope. It's fucking terrifying, dude. It's on like Donkey Kong right now. See if you can get some of the footage. Iran is launching hundreds of missiles at, at Israel and there was a mass shooting some sort of a terror attack in Tel Aviv today as well. So there's some sort of coordinated attack on Israel. Obviously Israel just did that stuff with Hezbollah where they blew up the pagers and blew up walkie talkies and killed a bunch of people and then shot a bunch of bombs into, into Lebanon. And it's all getting, it's all getting very, very scary. It's all ramping up in a, a fucking terrifying way. But this video, it also shows that the Iron Dome, You know, Israel's famous missile defense system, it doesn't seem to be catching all of 'em.


I mean, if you have enough launched your way at the same time Yeah. Some of 'em are gonna sneak through. So this, this is what it Looks like right now. It's fucking crazy. These are all missiles, man. Flying at Israel. Geez. Yeah. It's fucking terrifying. And the Iron Dome, I mean, this Isn't even the best video. The video that I was seeing was them impacting. And, and the Iron Dome is basically a, a system to shoot them out of the sky. Yes. So this is where you see the Iron Dome is working. So when they blow up Yeah. That's the Iron Dome. So what it is, is they find the trajectory of these missiles, the ones that are going to open area, they let 'em slip through 'cause it's not gonna harm anything.


And then like those, those are hitting down, but the ones that are going into the city area, they shoot down and You know, I'm, I don't know how many missiles they have to do this. I I mean, you'd have to have fucking thousands on standby. 'cause if they just launch enough at you, you're not gonna have enough missiles. It's like, it's a, So it launched 180 ballistic missiles. Wow. You imagine being in a city, you see 180 missiles coming at you. I don't know how people live continuously in areas where there's war zones. Like I know, like my friend Matt Guttman from a BC news, like he works there and I've seen him running through the streets and doing that hard hitting stuff, but there's also just people getting their groceries.


Yeah. And they're like, yeah man, this happens every day. Like I have friends that live in Israel. Human beings are very adaptable. Unfortunately. Well, fortunately 'cause that's why we're still here. Yeah. But unfortunately, we get accustomed to some pretty horrific conditions and that's, that's what people are accustomed to. I mean, imagine living in Gaza, imagine that you, you were living in a place where literally a year ago today it was fine. It was, it was normal. Yeah. And then now it's rubble and there's tens of thousands of people dead. And that's an example of what you're saying about seeing these images all the time. I had, I remember when that popped off, and I'm a big believer in you, you pick one thing that for most people, unless you're, You know, Elon or somebody that can have a bunch of different things going on.


But for most of us, you gotta live your life and you gotta pick one thing that you can help from a lot of people. That's, that's your family. For me, I've dedicated myself to protecting the Amazon when it comes to everything else. Like when I start opening my phone, I remember this, I was at my friend's house And it was seven o'clock in the morning and I opened my phone And it was a picture of a guy lifting his dead baby with a crushed skull. And I threw my phone across the room And it ruined my whole day. And how like, I I, it's, it's absolutely horrific. And I, I have become, become a person that really shields myself from a lot of what's going on because the hysteria levels right now.


Yeah. I don't think, like even World War II times they go, okay, Pearl Harbor just hit off. And people are like, wow, this is crazy. But, But I don't think you were inundated with it all day long. You read the newspaper, you talked to a few people, and then you're like, all right, well cool. I gotta go get Johnny from school and blah blah blah, blah Blah. Right. You didn't see it on your phone twenty four seven And it all Day long. Yeah. Israel's popping off the south is getting flooded. You know, the Amazon's burning, everything is happening all at once and it's all coming through on the screen. So it says Iran launches missile attack on Israel, but Israeli military says no casualties reported. So I guess that That was the thing that we're saying that the Iron Dome, when they know that something's gonna go to an open area where there's no one there, they, they don't even bother wasting a missile on that. A US defense official said the United States intercepted some of the missiles to help defend in Israel.


So we're over there too doing that. The IDF is doing and will do everything necessary to protect the civilians of the state of Israel. The Israeli military said in a statement warning people in the country to stay in shelters, the explosions you hear originate from interceptions or falls of missiles. The air defense system detects and intercepts threats all the time. So what happened in Tel Aviv today, Jamie, there was some sort of a mass shooting in Tel Aviv that coincided with this, which is really scary. You know, it's like what they experienced on October 7th. Okay. Fucking ads at least eight dead and suspected terror attack shooting in Tel Aviv.


So they even, oh, so Jesus Christ. Let's scroll down. See that image? So some dudes just, yo just gunning people down. Yo Dead scroll up. Deadlier deal and unfolded with two gunmen, jumped off a train the central Israeli city of Jaffa Jaffa and started firing at just 7:00 PM local just after 7:00 PM local time, according to authorities eight. Killed at least seven wounded. And You know, a lot of people look at that guy's dead right there. A lot of people there are armed too, which is fucking crazy. Civilians. Yeah. Oh My God. Just walking around Just in case. Oh my God. Seen Hot girls in, in, in Israel.


Like you can see 'em at, at a coffee shop with a fucking, no, with an ar. Really off a rifle sling. Yeah. There's like a, a bunch of videos of them. 'cause so many of these people You have mandatory military service in Israel. Yeah. That I know. So all the civilians have to, there's no civilians. Like everyone is at least a former soldier. You Gotta be ready, right? Yeah. You have to be. If I saw shit like that, this Girl walking on the street with machine guns, hot Girls with machine guns. How nuts. But that's just the world they live in. It's like no. Then they're just hanging out. Yep. There's a baby. Right. I mean, look, she has like cute shoes on. It's like at any moment it could pop off. And so they don't fuck around. They just stay strapped. They don't just stay strapped.


They stay strapped with fucking weapons of war. Those Are, those Are no joke. Yeah. Those are no joke. That Ain't a Six shooter. No, she's got a, a gigantic magazine. She's probably got spare magazines. Yeah. And she probably knows how to shoot it. I was gonna say was in the military. You think You know how to use it. Yeah. So it's men and women Mandatory service. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Women have to join the Israeli military as well. Look, they're surrounded. I mean this is, this is something that's very different. It's very different than us. Well, I think that one of the problems that I see with us is I think that people have forgotten. Like I grew up with the World War II generation. All the, all my old uncles as I was growing up, Paul Lee, like, You know, these are guys that had, You know, either storms, beaches in the South Pacific or we're in Europe.


And so World War II was fresh on their minds. It was part of the culture I grew up in. And I think when I look at kids born, You know, nine 11 and down or later, I, I think we've forgotten the fact that safety is a huge privilege. Oh Yeah. We grew up safe. Like the, some of the people, the things that they're screaming about or worried about or whatever else, it's like some unity would happen from remembering the fact that, that that's, that's a reality. We could Be in danger. Well, that's so few attacks on American soil. You know, you have Pearl Harbor, which is kind of America. You know, Hawaii should be its own country. I mean, it's kind of fucked. It doesn't feel Like it. We own Hawaii. Yeah. I mean I guess it's good that Hawaii gets the protections of the United States, but it's kind of crazy that it's five mile, five hours rather by airplane over the ocean in the middle until you get to Hawaii.


And that's considered America. But I mean, I don't know how they feel about it. I'm assuming they'd probably like to have sovereignty. But the, the point is, like, That was World War ii. So That was Pearl Harbor. That's an attack on American soil. What's that? What's after that? It's nine 11. Nine 11. That's crazy. Like we are so used to being safe. Whereas you think of even Russia, what Russia went through the, the losses that Russia went through during World War ii. Absolutely fucking horrific. Yeah. And they've done that throughout history. There's been conflicts throughout history in Russia. Now you go into any other part of the world. I saw something terrible today.


Some fucking workers at the Great Wall of China, they didn't want to go the long way around the wall. So they broke down a section of the Great Wall of China so they could drive through it. Did They have machinery? Did they have slide time? Yeah. Yeah. They were doing fucking construction work out there. So they just broke down jail. The Great Wall Jail. Oh, they're gonna get worse than jail China. Yeah. They're gonna turn you into a Fucking, that's terrible fucking suitcase. I mean, that's terrible. You know, they'll fucking, That's Terrible. They'll make you make iPhones for 20 years and then they're gonna turn you into a jacket. That's terrible. It's fucking horrible, man. It's, and it's, it's, I mean, people are just so gross.


Like, imagine that that mahogany tree that you saw, like, look at these assholes. They broke through the great Wall Chinese construction workers is accused of plowing a hole through the Great Wall Monsters monster. Dude, this reminds me, there was a, there was this, I hated this story. There was a beautiful tree between these two hills. I think it was in the UK or Ireland, I think it was the uk. And like a 16-year-old went out with a chainsaw and just cut this tree down. It was this iconic tree. And no one could figure it out for like two days. And he just went and cut it down. And it was just like, man, just, Yeah. People are gross. People are gross. And we all, people are also very shortsighted and sometimes don't even understand the consequences of what they're doing. They just do things. You know, I, I, I normally, I would agree with you.


I just think, I think the world that I've been living in the, the past year, so I've been in, in rooms and out in the wild with so many incredible people. And I think that more than ever people, I, I, I agree. We we're, we're, we're, we're moments away from disaster in any given capacity. But there's also, we're also alive at a time in history where people are more considerate than they've ever been. Yeah, I think so too, right? Yeah. I think there's just, you're gonna get everything right. You're gonna get people that are willing to launch missiles at Israel. You're gonna get people that are willing to chop down ancient mahogany trees and they're gonna get people like you that dedicate your life to saving the rainforest. Yeah. It's one of the cool things about people, 'cause it makes people like you so much more exceptional.


It makes people so much more interesting because it's rare. And then someone dedicating their entire life to doing what you've done is even more rare. And that's part of the cool thing about people, I think. And it's a horrible thing to say, But I think it's unfortunately true. You need evil to appreciate good. You need hate to appreciate love. It's just a part of the way the human mind and our, our just overall psychology. And it is the way we operate in the world. It's unfortunate, but it's, it's a part of being a person. And I think hate and anger and destruction actually motivates love and construction and, and progress and doing things correct.


And recognizing what can happen if you do things the wrong way. Let's do things the right way. It it like organic farming, like people changing their farms to regenerative agricultural farms is coming out of people who are looking at these industrial mono cropp agriculture farms and the waste that it produces, which is legal, the waste that it produces in river systems, it's fucking insane. There's a guy that we've had on his name is Will Harris. And Will is from this farm in Georgia called White Oaks Pastures. It's a regenerative farm. He got this farm, it's a family owned farm. They've had it forever. And it took him years to change this farm from an industrial farm to regenerative agriculture.


But there's a section of the river near his property where his property line meets his neighbor. So his neighbor has an industrial farm and he has regenerative agriculture. And you could see it in the river. There's a clear line of differentiation. Look at that. I'm guessing his is the clear one. Yes. Shit. All that stuff. So most of these farmlands Yeah. The top soil Yeah. Is gone. Yeah. There's no, there's whoa. Jesus. Oh shit. There's no minerals. There's no nutrients. There's no nothing. And so you have to use industrial strength fertilizers. Yeah. You have to lose all this garbage and bullshit.


And so that stuff, it just sits on the top. And so when the rain comes and when they spray the crops and water the crops, the runoff goes right in the river. So these poor fish are just getting fucking choked to death on all this shit. And then there's the pesticides and the herbicides and whatever the fuck they're spraying. And this guy's trying to turn it around. He's trying to do the right thing. That's, I, I, that's not Will. Okay. I don't know who that gentleman is. I think he works at Will, but he's explaining how bad the situation is that comes off of these other farms. So the left is what the creek's supposed to look like. Yeah. The right is what happens.


And no consequences. You should be in trouble for this. Right. If you like, Hey, you can't run your farm this way. Like, is this what happens when you run your farm this way? Stop the farm. Okay. We gotta figure out how to do this the right way. Is there a way to, for your water to look like the water is six inches away? Yeah. Is there a way? Well, that's the only way you can make farming. So in Russia, organic, like they don't even allow genetically modified crops anymore. Really? No. No. Putin is like, this is bullshit. I get that. Right. This should be illegal when you're a dictator. You could do stuff like that. But, but that, but that's a, that's a fundamental thing. You know, if you go to, to a building with a sledgehammer or to the Great Wall of China and you start messing with it, you're gonna get in trouble.


Yes. And it seems like you can cut down forests, pollute the rivers, dump shit in the ocean. And for the most part it's okay. Yeah. No one's really gonna come after you. And we can do a lot less of that too. If we, here's there's another, another issue. Commoditizing hemp. A lot of the stuff that we cut trees down for is paper. Paper. Like, let's Google in America, how many acres of trees are cut down every year for paper? So the demonization of the recreational drug cannabis came entirely from hemp.


The commodity. It wasn't about the drug being bad. It wasn't about the drug. Yeah. No. People had consumed that drug for thousands of years. It's one of the safest drugs. In terms of like risk profile. The LD 50 of marijuana is nuts. What, What's the LD 50? LD 50 is lethal dose at 50%. Is that, Can you lethal dose yourself with the marijuana? I used to have a joke about it. Like the only way the the only way you die from marijuana is if they drop a bundle of it from a CIA drug plane. And it hits you in the head. You can do stupid things that could wind up getting killed. You can abuse everything. Right. You certainly abuse marijuana. And by the way, I won't say marijuana's not totally safe. Everybody thinks it's totally safe.


No, it's not. There's certain people that have a tendency towards schizophrenia and high dose marijuana has been proven to cause schizophrenic breaks in people. Yeah. Alex Berenson wrote a book about it. It's called Tell Your Children. And I agree with 'em. I've, I've met people that have had schizophrenic breaks for marijuana. 40% of the world's industrial logging goes into making paper. This is expected to reach 50% in the near future. US uses approximately 68 million trees each year to produce paper and paper products Worldwide. Consumption of paper has risen by 400% in the last 40 years with 35% of the harvested trees being used for paper manufacture. That's crazy.


Crazy. And you're saying hemp could grow faster, like, kinda Like it could grow faster. That's actually renewable. Yeah. Like that term that people like to throw around. Renewable, actually renewable. That's actually renewable. It grows like a weed because it kind of is a weed. My friend Todd used to have a, a, like a stalk of a mature hemp plant on his desk. And it's about this thick around. Yeah. Like if That was a piece of oak, it would be really heavy. But it's hard. Like this table. Yeah. Which is oak, but it's Light. A hemp light, like Styrofoam. It's light. Like balsa wood. Like balsa. Yeah. But it's hard. So it has incredible power. Like in its fibers.


It's fibers are extremely unusual. So they make the most durable clothing. Like canvas. The word canvas comes from cannabis. But is this weed itself? Like No. If you have like a weed plant, it's not the Same thing. Well, you can, it's the same thing, but you can also grow strains of it that are not psychoactive at all. It's Just a, a similar same, same family. So they weren't, they weren't growing it as a commodity for drug consumption. They were growing it to make paper. See, this is what happened. I'm taking you down the dark conspiracy of Marijuana road. That's right. What happened is, in the 1930s, they invented a machine called the Decorticator. And what the Decorticator did was it allowed you to effectively process hemp fiber easily and quickly.


So when Eli Whitney came out with the cotton gin, now all of a sudden cotton became a very easy cloth to use. And people started wearing cotton ubiquitously. Right? Well, what they used to use was hemp, because hemp is way more durable. I mean, crazy difference. Like I have a hemp juujitsu gi made by tsu and you can't rip this motherfucker. Mm. Like you grab it. And I've, I've had one, one of my GI is like eight years old, but if I have a cotton gee, eight years in, that shit's torn apart. Yeah. So the only thing that goes on those things are the threads. And You know, I don't even, I guess you could make hemp threads. I don't even know if they do.


But the, the point is, it's like far more durable as a paper. It's a far superior paper. Far superior. Like it's much tougher. It's tough to, like I've had hemp paper demonstrate to me like it's hard to rip, man. Yeah. Crazy. It's weird. It's a fucking alien plant. It really is. And when they invented this decorticator, well, William Randolph Hearst, who also owned Hearst Publications, who also own paper mills and Scientific America had on the cover of their magazine, hemp, the new billion dollar crop. And it was a show showed Decorticator to him. It was all, when they invented this thing, so the propaganda to stop the industry of hemp from exploding, DuPont came out with a chemical composition for nylon That was all like, they were gonna use nylon for ropes.


Hemp is what they always use for ropes hemps, what they use for sales. So that's a decorticator That looks like a modern one. Yeah. Doesn't look too complicated either. Well it's, it's basically like a wheel with some teeth to it, And it grinds the shit out of the hemp. And what they used to use back in the day was slave labor. So slave labor. And, You know, poor people would have to do all this incredibly backbreaking work to break down the fibers because they're so tough and durable. Well then they invented this machine and once this machine got rolling, they're like, oh shit, let's start using hemp. 'cause it's way better. So all this forest cutting down shit is, doesn't need to be nothing completely unnecessary.


And it's because a paper guy wanted it 100%. And a paper guy in the 1930s. And so he got together with Harry Anslinger and they utilized all these people that they were using to make Dr Alcohol illegal. The pro, excuse me, the prohibitionists during the time where they were going after, You know, whiskey manufacturers and gin makers and these moonshine people, which is where NASCAR came from, by the way, NASCAR came out of moonshiners driving quick. Yeah. They needed a souped up car. So they took those people who were just arresting people all over the country for alcohol. And then they sicked them on 'em on marijuana. And marijuana was never the term for cannabis.


Yeah. Marijuana was a, a slang term for a wild Mexican tobacco, a totally different plant. So William Randolph Hurst starts printing articles in his paper about Mexicans and black guys who were smoking this new drug marijuana and raping white women. And then they fund Reefer Madness. And they fund these movies, these propaganda. And that's where that comes from. All that comes marijuana, cigarettes, it all comes from hemp. It all comes from the commodity. From them having this interest in paper research suggests that hemp is twice as effective as trees at absorbing and locking up carbon. So hemp is one of the fastest growing plants in the world.


Can grow four meters high in a hundred days. So in a hundred days, four meters high. In a hundred days. Yeah, in a hundred days you have a new crop. Yep. It's the best fucking thing we can grow for paper, which is 40% of all the trees we're chopping down. And it takes forever. You've ever been to old growth forests in like the Pacific Northwest where they do logging? No. Well, you've been to the Amazon, you've seen the, the worst slash and burn art. I know. But, but the point is, if you go to these cut places, I, these places where they cut the trees, they grow new trees, they plant new trees there. Yeah. But it takes forever. It Takes, I mean, se sequoia tree, they're hells of redwood. Hundreds of years. Thousands of years.


There's, I, I see those pictures. I can't remember this dude's name. He, he, he takes a picture with the trees before the laggers come through. And I mean trees, You know, double the Size of this room. Yes. And then he has this picture with the tree after and it's fucking Heartbreaking. Horrible. It's a horrible thing, man. It's, it's horrible that we can just walk up to something that's a thousand years old and make a fucking basket out of it. Like this is unnecessary. It's totally unnecessary. Yep. And it could, well it can all be mitigated. This can all be mitigated. All of it can, You know, the real problem is hardwoods. You know, hardwoods are very, very valuable and people like them and You know, and they're protected in some places and not others.


Like in California, if you have oak trees, you can't chop 'em down unless you get a permit. Like we had a tree That was about to fall on our house. And it's like, it's like it's on the way. Go. And, You know, California, the earth tends to shake a little bit. Yeah. A little bit. Things go sideways and your fucking house gets crushed by a tree. But You know, you have to, there's, we, we have to figure out how our desire for hardwood, like the, the source of that hardwood. If your desire for a beautiful, You know, mahogany table, they're beautiful gorge, look at your desk. Amazing. But if you could go to the Amazon and see that someone chopped down a tree that you were describing, that massive tree that people had probably hadn't seen in a hundred years or whatever, maybe ever.


Who knows? Some of these trees are 1,200 years old. Maybe There's no one else dumb enough to walk through that place with no water. We might've been the first people to ever see that Tree. When I was in Scotland, they were claiming this, I don't know if this is true, but because there's a lot of really old shit in Scotland. They have these stones. Really? Yeah. We were in Scotland. There's these guidestones on the ground and I go, what's that from? They go, we don't know. I go, how old is it? They're like, it's about 5,000 years old. I was like, what? You just walk up to 5,000 year old stone. There's a stone circle out there. There's a stone circle. Yeah. Like that someone has constructed, it's similar to Stonehenge, But I a much, much smaller scale. Smaller, yeah. And it's older than Stonehenge. And it's just on the street in front of this dude's house.


So this guy said, do it. See, it's even like a heritage site. No, no. It has a little plaque that's like that big. Yeah. So we got outta the car and we walk over to the, you could walk on it. You could stand on it. I'm like, this is so weird. Like, how old is this? Yeah. They're like, we're not exactly sure, but it's thousands and thousands of years old. Like the drewitt made These things and You know things, You knows where it came from. They don't know. They don't know who did it. They don't know why this guidestone was just on the ground next to this, this pathway. And I was like, what is this? They're like, that's a, You know, 5,000 year old guidestone. I'm like, what is what? Whoa. Who may put that there? Why isn't it a museum built around this fucking thing? That's crazy that it's just laying on the ground. No, I mean it's, it's why this is just a meteorite.


Yes. That is a media That's Super cool. So weren't they saying that? So they were telling me that the oldest tree in the world is in Scotland. I was like, I don't know how that's true. I thought The oldest tree was, Has to be in Africa. Mm. Wouldn't it be, I thought it was in the Middle East somewhere. It was like one of those, it's like, You know, like six feet tall and like super Rudy Fucked up, gnarly. Like, it like predates Jesus. Like, You know, it's like ancient ancient tree. Really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like what's the oldest tree in the, this is just, I didn't want to tell the guy, get the fuck outta here. This ain't old street. He was, he was giving me a tour.


This episode is brought to you by Visible, You know how most wireless plans feel like they're designed to confuse you with like hidden fees, weird surcharges, family plans you don't even want. Not with Visible on the Visible plan. It's one line of unlimited 5G data for just $25 a month. Flat rate, no surprises. Powered by Verizons network. So You know, it's solid. And here's the kicker. They're all digital. You can manage your plan in the app or online, meaning no stores, no pushy salespeople, just you and your phone. And right now Visible's got an insane deal. Use promo code Rogan by January 31st and you will get the Visible plan for just $20 a month for 25 months. That's $5 off every month for over two years. So go to Visible dot com slash rogan and check it out. It's wireless made simple terms. Apply. See their website for the details.


A tour of the land, one of the oldest trees in Europe. These are cos these are cos co. They're cows. They call the cows. Cos. Cos I go, what are you saying man? Scotland's oldest tree. So it's 3000 and 9,000 years old. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. Between three and nine. That's a big swing. Yeah, they don't know. They're just, I mean that's the thing about that area Age. There's a lot of just guessing. There's a lot of just guessing. So see if you can show me a photo of the oldest tree. Yeah. They're gnarly looking like you're saying it's not like a massive tree. No, it's, You know, when you walk by it you would think, oh, it's just a tree. It's just a tree. You never think that thing's 9,000 years old. But I'm curious what the oldest tree period is.


I think that's the one really? That's the one they were saying is the oldest tree. Well this is just what this guy is telling me. What is that one? The oldest tree in the world? Where? What? What's that one? That one looks Like it. It's the Middle East. I don't think so. No. Couldn't be right. I don't know. Bristle cone. Where's that one? Pine Great Basin. A hundred years. It doesn't say Where's bristle cone? California. California. So the oldest tree in the world's in California. No, hold on. It says something about Atlanta. Oh, no, no, no. It says it. Yeah. I don't think they're thinking they're saying trees. Atlanta's the website. That's kind Of weird. Is that maybe just like trees around the world that they're studying in Atlanta? Wrong rabbit hole is all Mm.


The oldest tree in the world. It looks like shit. Looks Like you would expect the oldest tree. You wouldn't expect the oldest tree to look like those great redwoods. California. California Doesn't have a single fucking leaf. So how old is that? That's alive. How old is the oldest tree in the world? Four, 4,855 years old. Yikes. Methuselah. They have a name for it. So some cops sucker, You know, there's some dude that's thinking about turning that into a desk. You know, there's some fucking tech shithead. Us Forest Service doesn't tell visitors precisely where Methuselah stands. Nor does the organization release photographs of the ancient tree. Someone's gonna Yeah, someone's gonna fuck it up. Can you, can you look up what the what the, what the, like how old the general Sherman is?


I'm curious about the Sequoias 'cause but this is interesting Jamie. 'cause this is, I guess that other website's incorrect because the other website was saying it might be 9,000 years old. This is the same tree right here. I think the U from Northern Wales. Wouldn't that be? Yeah, but that's not Scotland. I guess not. Okay. Different country. But I'm sure they have some old shit too. Prometheus. I, You know, I think that's the thing about a lot of these old, old trees is it's kind of guesswork. Yeah. I don't think they really know. And I think it probably behooves them, behooves them to exaggerate a little hooves. You know, because it's kind of a good bragging point. Say we got the oldest tree, the world, It's a draw for your, for your town, whatever. Sorta.


There's no one out there. It was really cool. Like six People calling to see tree. No one in Scotland, bro does fucking it. Scotland is like, the whole country is like the size of Austin. This Is something about the oldest In terms of population. Large stone Living. Single stem tree on It. Yeah. Single stem trees. Oh Yeah. So not, not all complicated. Like the ones we just saw, this is just like a pole. A lot of the rainforest trees are like this where it's just a Pillar. General Sherman. So is that a Sequoia? Yeah. Yeah. Man. Have you, have you gone up to northern California? Did that rainforest? I haven't been up to the Northern Cali, But I, the where the General Sherman is, it looks, You know, You know like if you play like Super Mario 64, like when you get, like, you go into like giant land, there was a sequoia tree that had fallen over. I mean the thing was, You know, 36 feet thick.


I don't know. But I was like, I couldn't climb on top of the tree. Right. And it fell over And it went from here for like a city block. Yeah. They have one that has a tunnel carved out. Yeah. Where you could drive your car through it. They're so Cool. And people want to cut 'em down. Yeah. There's People frothing to cut those things Down. Oh yeah. People are gross. Especially some fucking psychopath who's on Adderall. Sherman tree contains more wood volume in its trunk than any other tree on earth. And You know, that's not the one That, that seems like to make sense to me. Like that's the oldest tree. You know when I see that little ratty little fucking bush in the desert, I'm like, that's not the old you lying bitch. Yeah. See, I thought it would be somewhere on the side of a mountain where, where it's like high wind and they're growing slow over a thousand years.


So no humans would've been up there. Right. And every year it's just adding, You know, a millimeter to its to, its, You know, its world. Well we know so much about the world in comparison to what they knew 500 years ago, but yet we still know so little. They're still, they still like 2010, they found a new human species, the Dennis Os. They didn't even know the Dennis Os were a thing until 2010. And now they think that the Dennis os like a lot of the Aborigines people in Australia have Dennis o in them and maybe possibly even Neanderthal in them. They only described the fact that there was two species and not one species of fucking elephant in Africa in the nineties. Well, wasn't a gorilla like a myth until they went, I think gorillas were like mythical creatures until like to Europeans.


The 18 hundreds. Like when did they discover gorillas? I mean, I think the first European to see a gorilla probably had some Issues. African saw gorillas around, they couldn't get the word out. But like the first explorer with his, You know, his chain mail to show up and look at a gorilla. It wasn't until early 19th century that people native from the areas where they live, such as the Democratic Republic of the Congo. And Gambone knew gorillas better. But among people outside of Africa, they were mostly mythological creatures. There's human-like big 400 pound monsters in the like insane. Yeah. Well there's Insane, There's the, this is a really controversial one. It's the Bondo ape and that's a, a particular area of the Congo called Billy.


And Billy has this unusual strain of chimpanzees that have a crest on their head like a gorilla. So like, this is a normal chimpanzee skull. Okay. See how it's smooth on the top? Gorillas have this big crest because their mandible muscles are so massive attaches. Yeah. Because they mostly just, they only eat plants. So they're mostly eating fiber. So they're just crushing roots. And So it has to stuff all day long Heavy. So it has to grab onto that massive Muscles. Well these chimpanzees, they thought initially they perhaps were a hybrid between chimpanzees and gorillas. 'cause they're much bigger. They're like six feet tall, A hybrid between chimpanzees And they're enormous. It's a really controversial thing. Like some people think that it's just an unusual group of chimpanzees.


Like there's this area in Africa, there's a documentary on it called Relentless Enemies. It's an amazing documentary about this river changed course over the years. And these lions got stuck on this island with nothing but water buffalo. Yeah. So all the lion look like Yoel Romero. They all just look fucking Brock Leer lions just super jack female lions as big as male lions. Yeah. In other parts of Africa. Super jacked female lions just fucking up these water buffaloes. Well they do all the heavy lifting. Yeah. Because they Female. But they have to adapt to their environment. So there was some thought that maybe this was a, a particular strain of chimpanzee that had adapted and was just unusually large. But they're fucking huge, man.


There's a guy named Carl Armand. He's a Swiss wildlife photographer, and he dedicated his life to exploring these animals and documenting them. And he got photographs of them on a camera trap walking on two legs. Bro, you gotta see what they look like. Really? Oh yeah. They look nutty. They look nutty. I mean, they're hunched over a little bit, but they, they look so much bigger than a regular chimpanzee. So this is a real thing. This isn't like cryptos laws. No, no, no, no, it's not. No, they have, they have tissue samples, they have bones Have everything. So they have separate DNA for Yep. Plenty of videos of these things there. It's an actual animal. The, the question is, is this a subspecies? Is it a completely different species? It's like right to, You know, have able to tell that bonobos The tissue.


Well it's, it's a novel tissue though. Right? Okay. So it's a new thing. Yeah. So if it is, they're, they're trying to figure out exactly what happened and how many of them there are. And it seems to be in this incredibly dense war torn area of the Congo where these things live. But we know there's Bonobos. Right. Which kind of look like chimpanzees, but they're really different. They're d not violent at all. They just, fuck Yeah. Peace and love. They just make, they, they have arguments and they fuck each other. And that's how they get over everything. They use hemp. Yeah, they probably do. They're probably stoner monkeys. I wonder what's in their diet. But these monkeys are these chimpanzees or they're very different than the other chimpanzees, like from Chimp Nation where they're super violent. Yeah. And they kill monkeys all day and they, You know, they fight over Fruit Chimp Chimp Nation is the, is the show over Netflix.


Netflix. Netflix. Netflix. Netflix document. Fucking amazing. Mm. That's the one where the scientists were embedded with these chimpanzees for 20 years. So the chimpanzees behave completely normal. When you say embedded, like what Goodall did, like sit, sitting there, like right There? Yes. They lived with them. Yeah. Yeah. So they set up camp in these forests and they had very clear rules. Number one, stay 20 yards away. Always. Not Much, not much. Pretty close. But when it gets closer to 20 yards, get outta there, get the no food. Don't bring any food, don't look 'em in the eyes. Uhuh. No fucking around. And so the chimpanzees, they, their whole life, chimpanzee lives, You know, in the wild probably 15, 20 years or whatever, their whole life, they've been around these people. So they act completely normal.


Those people are just like another tree. Just another thing that's not of consequence. It doesn't steal resources from them. It doesn't try to intimidate them. It doesn't infringe in their territory. Never gets closer than 20 yards. No worries. So because of that, they've got this insane footage. It's one of the most incredible documentary series of all time. And they study the social behavior between the chimpanzees. And I had the guy on who directed it. Yeah. It was really fascinating. I'm like, how often do they eat monkeys? He's like, dude, we couldn't even show 'em all. They just eat monkeys all day. They just eat monkeys all day. That's their favorite Thing to do. And they just rip 'em apart. Yeah. And they didn't even know that until the nineties when David Attenborough went to the, the jungle to film chimpanzees. They caught them hunting monkeys and eating them alive.


It's terrifying. It's crazy. It's Terrifying. There's a monkey and he's, this chimp has it, like his hand is around its waist and it's just eating it from the hips down like this Monkeys alive. And the monkeys going, Jesus. It's just got this little monkey face that looks so much like ours. It's so close to us. And this chimp's just chewing chunks. And So they have 20 years Pulling a leg off and handed it to this other chimp. And he's chewing it. They share. Oh yeah. They share. They share. Well it's, that's a big part of this, this docuseries interesting. Is how they set up those social structures. Their social structures are so similar to ours. It's like, we think that the biggest chimpanzees like the alpha male. Yeah. It's not, some of 'em it's not.


It's a smart one who has made comrades and made a community and, and is very fair. Chimpanzees have a very strong sense of fairness. Interesting. And being slighted. Like if one of the elders doesn't get a piece of the monkey, they get fucking furious. Like, what have you done? Like, you have to make. Right. Like you have to like soothe people's or monkey's, chimpanzee's, anger being slighted, Dude. Yeah. Well I, when I was, I always remember this as a kid, I was watching a nature show and they, they had a, I had it called the third Beatle principle. There was the two male Beatles were battling Mm. And the female's watching. And while the two male Beatles were battling the third beetle comes and fucks the female.


That's What happens with elk. Yeah. All The time. And it was just like, You know, be a third Beatle. Yeah. You know, they studied white-tailed deer as well. Same. Same thing happens. The big guys are fighting. And when the big guys are fighting the little sneaky ones, like, Hey, That Lady. Yeah. Yeah. Ladies like that. That's Smart. See, do you have any, see if you can find a photograph of that Bondo ape. Yes, please. I need, Again, very contr the car. Why is it Controversial though? If you Has, because like people don't wanna believe it's real. It's the same one, right? So that's one. Yeah. That one's a dead one that they shot at an airport. Holy. Look at the size of it compared to those guys. It's so much bigger than that. Just trying to get on a plane. This is, you remember, see that movie The Congo? It's a stupid movie. Like it's, I I read the book. It was a, it was a cool book where like the gorilla could like talk.


But those chimpanzees, the crazy chimpanzees were based on these Bondo apes. Yeah. Yeah. That's the idea. So Look at that. Look at that picture up in the top right with the, the black and white one. Yeah. Well see if the find find the camera trap photo. Scroll down a little bit. It'll probably be one of the first photos that you see. There's a camera trap photograph of No, that's a different one. That's one that lived in America. If I saw that in the forest, I would kill myself. There's one, they, they called them Zi and they thought at one point in time that maybe somebody had fucked a, a chimpanzee. These are all, that's it. That's it. It says World of Carl Amman on the top shelf.


Yeah. Right there. That's the camera trap photo. That's not the best version of it. Yeah. I've seen more clear version. But he's walking around and they're enormous. Yeah. These, these guys said they had a Land rover and they, they, they had a defender and they stopped or whatever the truck was. They stopped the truck in the road as one walked by And it was taller than the truck. Like what? So they're huge. They're enormous. Some of them are, like I said, they're like six foot tall chimpanzees. And just imagine how strong a regular chimp is. So that is, that's definitely that one up there. Click on that. That's click on the gallery. So Carl Armand is this guy who was this wildlife photographer that when they became aware of this subspecies, see, see the photographs of the skull.


Yeah. See how the, we see that ridge. Right? So the one behind It is a regular chimpanzee skull. And then the, the much larger one is the Bondo ape skull. They also nest on the ground like gorillas. Yeah. They're like, nobody's fucking with me. Yikes. They're fucking huge man. Damn. And there's not a large population of them. And they're not, it's not very well studied Because it's so remote And It war time, it's very fucking dangerous to get there. But you see those bones in the ground. Show that image again. Look at the size difference. Yeah. Between the regular chimpanzee skull, huge in the background. And then the, the Bondo ap in the foreground. And look at the crest on the head. Yeah. Nuts. The, the locals have two names for chimpanzees. They call 'em tree beaters.


And Lion killers. Lion Killers. Lion killers. Yeah. And the lion killers. First of all, there's no lions in the jungle, right? No lion's not king of the jungle. Right. Well there's no lions. Lions live in the Savannah. That's right. So calling 'em lion killers is probably just a fun name. But they have found, they did, did video one That was eating a jaguar leopard or a leopard route. Yeah, a leopard. But they don't know if it found the leopard dead and ate it. They don't know what the fuck happened. They Could have cornered it did, It really could attack jack a leopard. I mean maybe, maybe it was a small leopard. Well you gotta think if it's really six feet tall. So a regular chimpanzee gets to be like a full grown male is probably like 180 pounds. Like a big giant jack chimpanzee.


180, 180 pounds. And the strength of a 500 pound man. Like so you, well you weigh probably close to it, right? You probably, I'm 81. 80. Yeah. So your weight. But the strength of a 500 pound man. Now imagine that'd be cool. Now imagine one that's not five feet tall but six feet tall and is not 200 pounds, but 300 pounds or three 50. What? Get that guy in the octagon. Dude. Fuck that. There a regular trip pads, you would fuck a human up. But that photograph of those two men that's sitting there with one that they shot. Yeah. That's one that they think is confirmed to be one of these Bondo apes. And it's so much bigger than them.


But you have to think like, okay, these guys, like, first of all, they're in the background. Just like when you catch a fish, you hold the fish out in front of you. Oh, Me too. It's a perspective thing. This a Anaconda thing. Exactly. Come on. But the, the guy does have his hand on his shoulder and just, there's some things you can't fake like the size of his nuts. I Was gonna say the size of his nuts is the size of that Guy's face. And look at the size of his hand. Yeah, his hand's massive. There's a massive chimpanzee Grab onto some serious branches with that Google ze. 'cause ze was a weird one. They had this, these people had this chimpanzee and they, they dressed it up like a person. And it had weird facial features where it looked like so similar to a person Y It's weird.


It looks weird. There's better images of it. And there's video of this. But I think along the way, that one right there to the left of that, yeah, right there where you're at. It's good too. So look at his Face. I don't like that Strange. Right. Strange features. And So It looks like he could work at a bank. Very weird. So it led people to think that his name is Oliver, that it led people to think that Oliver was some sort of a hybrid. But it doesn't seem like he is, it just seems like he had just a, It is a weird chimp, Odd facial. But look, they put him in a fucking suit and tie and shit and they're fine. But he became sexually attracted to his care and preferred humans over chimps. The, the problem with those things is they're horny. Just like Yeah.


You know, and he doesn't even know there's other chimps. 'cause he doesn't get to see 'em. You know, he's, you look Close enough. He's Like, I'll fuck you lady. Yeah. And like she's taking care of him. I was like, take care of this. He's joints. He's a horny. Fucking terrifying chimpanzee. I've Heard that orangutans do that too. I'm Sure. Yeah. They're primates. Yeah. Well this is, You know, that's that Chimp Nation show that's on. Have you seen that on Netflix? I haven't seen, I've been, I've been obsessed with the, the a hundred foot wave. I'm not, I'm se not Chimp Nation. Chimp Crazy. Chimp crazy is all about these people that are like the Tiger King people that are all, instead of having tigers, they have chimps. Just Crazy people with chimps in their house. Yeah. Carl's up. He's like, what the fuck? Chimps. They'll eat you Carl, You know, goddamn heartbeat.


What's I was this article about Oliver has this photo we've used a lot as a, I don't know. Oh, that's not Olive. No, that article's bullshit. I think they're just sure that It's, he was taken. Okay. Yeah. That's just another chimpanzee. That's not him. But he, I'm sure they took him from the Congo. I mean, or wherever. There's, apparently there was, this is also something that we learned from the, the guys from Chip crazy that were on, we're explaining how this trade works where they kidnap these babies from their mother and then they start raising them in captivity in America. And some places like Wyoming, it's legal. So Yeah, they, they all go to Wyoming and, or was it Missouri? Where was it that they buy chimps? Missouri. Missouri. Right.


I mean that the whole Tiger King thing. That fucking Nuts man. Dude, those people nuts. All are just normal people that have wild animals. Ligers dude, they, I don, I don Dunno if I should say this. They way before the Tiger King thing, one of, one of the dudes, not the main Tiger King guy, one of the other guys in the, the Myrtle Beach guy invited me to his place and he was like, you Got, is that the guy who runs the Sex cult? Yeah. And he was like, you gotta help me legitimize my shit. I'm a real conservationist. And so, oh God, sure you Are buddy. Me and my friend Mosson, who, You know, we do all the photography, all the Amazon fire stuff together. And we realized like, you wanna go fuck fucking hang out with Tigers for a weekend? He was like, yeah, let's go. And so they were like, look, we're legit. You gotta, You know, you're, you're a real conservationist.


Come over here. Tell the world about us. Yeah. So what they do is they have people sit in a circle and you can go like with your date and pay for this and they put a tiger cub in your lap. Great. Cool. But then what do you do with those 16 tiger cubs next year when they weigh 500 pounds? And that's the answer. They all have an incinerator on site. Oh no. Yeah. So they're breeding tigers and incinerating them also. Oh no, I was standing that so many weird things happened that weekend, dude. It was Like, it was going into, So when they get to be dangerous, they just shoot 'em, I think and Burn 'em. I don't know. I mean, I don't know how they euthanize them, but they have an incinerator on site and they're producing tigers. And you go, where do the tigers go? Oh my God. They go, well, You know.


Oh no. And they're going save tigers, save the world. And there's animals everywhere. I was, I was doing something and the girl walks by with a lier. Oh Yeah. And I felt like I was on mushrooms. The thing's fucking head is this big. Yeah, This is So big. You know when in sandlot, when they see the beast and it's like, it's like an animatronic giant. It looked ridiculous. This liger walked by And it was as tall as I was and I just went, I don't Like it here. Well it's a weird hybrid because I think it's, is it a male tiger and a female lion or a male lion and a female tiger? I think it's a male tiger. So in the problem is in male lions, the gene that regulates size exists.


Oh, okay. So when a male lion breeds with a female lion, I, I might be fucking this up, But I know that this is the problem with the li or why they're so big is because whether it's the male or the female. So it's a hybrid opposite male lion and a tiger female. Okay. So in the female lion then, or in the male tiger, one of them, there's this gene that regulates how big you get terrify. And it doesn terrify doesn't exist in the lager. They don't look right. They just, they get so big. Their head Head. How big did they get? Jamie? Over 900 pounds. Jesus Christ. Although, but a Siberian tiger I think can also get like 900 pounds. Like, like an number a tiger.


Like I think they can get pretty big. I think so too. I think a liger is is way off the Charts. But I think, I think Ligers might be bigger than that. Yep. That was there. Scroll down a little bit, Jamie. Just 800 Pounds. There's There's the one I saw, 900 pounds. That's the dude. That one's, that's The cat. That's the dude. Yeah. So this one says it got to 922 pounds. Hercules the largest non-obese liger. So he's non-obese. Not fatso. That's that's they try to cheat. Give him, that's give donuts. That's some body positive bullshit. He is obese. I bet he is Not if he's 922. Wow. When he was three years old, he weighed 408 pounds. 400 Kilograms. Oh my God. Oh my God.


900 pounds. 408 kilograms. Oh my God. And now he weighs, oh my God. Value of the king's animal sanctuary in Wisconsin had a male lagger named Nook who weighed over 1,213 pounds. Oh my God. So lion and tiger in captivity are under 1,100 pounds. Like what is, how big does a Siberian tiger get? What's the largest Siberian tiger? See that? I would say 900 pounds. I feel like that upper limit is 900 pounds. And I have from nose to tail about 12 feet. That's a, Those are my guesses. Such A big animal. The Siberia, 11 feet long. Yeah. Oh my God. That book, that book The Tiger is one of the best books in The world.


10. It is 10 foot, 11 inches long from nose to tail weighed 932 pounds. Look at that Face Bro. They're so beautiful too. That's what's crazy that it's a cat that lives in the snow. Like you think of tigers, you think of India. You think jungle. Think of Jungle. Yeah. Yeah. You don't think of a cat that lives in Siberia. Yep. And it's the biggest one. And messes up the bears. Oh. And controls the wolf populations. Lord, Good Lord good. That paw That Paw. Oh my God. Yeah. And just, it's crazy that it's such a gorgeous thing that's killing you. Like when you see them, you, it's probably part of the trick. Like you're like hypnotized by how beautiful it is.


Like what? Yeah. Look at this thing. Would you ever see in life and color, they show you the spectrum that deer see in They don't see orange. Right. Because That was my question growing up as a kid. I was like, why? Like why would, if you wanna blend in, why the, why the hell would you be orange and white and black? It seems like that's like the most, it's like having a neon sign. Well that's 'cause the most dangerous thing in the forest is people, especially people with guns. Yeah. No, no, no. But I'm saying before that is when They, but that's why they did it. They do it so that you don't get shot by hunters. That's the whole reason why you have orange on. Sure. But I'm saying it stands out. But I'm saying, so my question was why would a tiger see, because deer see orange is just More green. 'cause tigers live in the grass and there's a lot of shadows and stripes.


Yeah. They show you And they can move around. They show you deer vision and it's, they literally don't register that color orange. So it just looks like more green shit. And a tiger vanishes. It's such a cool clip. It's on one of those like David Attenborough. I think that's also why zebras have those funky stripes. I think it confuses it. Fuck with them. Yeah. It confuses the thread. I think all those lines fuck with 'em. 'cause they, they're not seeing things like we're seeing this cup. We're seeing, You know, your phone seeing writing. I don't think they see like that. They reckon like it's a lot of it is edge detection and motion. Yeah. Like, You know, I was just elk hunting and I got a video on my Instagram. So Yeah. See how they like blend in? Yep. So they would not see all that stuff. They would just see what looks like branches. Yeah. Like squint and look at that image.


Yeah. And it's easy to see it for us. It's very difficult to see it for them. And if They're in the jungle, densely f foliated jungle and there's all these trees and shit, they would just blend right the fuck in and just lay and wait for something that's slower than them. But I was thinking when you were saying about the Bondo ape, one of the things that we're doing now is we're using starlink to deploy camera traps in areas. 'cause you just take a starlink, right. Put it up in the top of a tree. Have a guy on my team, Stefan, he figured this out. We'd take a starlink. You put it up in the top of a tree So it has access. Someone's gotta climb the tree. You put A, a solar panel touch To it. You gotta have starlink and a solar panel and just like a little, a little box to run to run everything.


And then you can deploy remote camera traps around. And so we're getting, now, we haven't published this yet, but we're getting live feed from parts of the Amazon where there's no people. And with the starlink you can send it back to with wifi. So you don't have to get the cards. Dude, we get updates on our phones. Oh my God. That's incredible. So if we did this in Bondo ape territory, You'd probably find them. Yeah. But you probably get fucked up getting in there and putting that stuff up there. That's the problem. It's Humans. Me and Lex could do it. The problem is the humans. I mean it's, it's essentially run by, that's a War zone. War Zone. It's a war zone run by warlords. And then if you go into the Congo, you have the cobalt mines, you have all these things that are run by China. There's all the slave labor operations that are going out there.


And it's just the whole area. I, my friend Justin, he runs this charity fight for the forgotten. He goes to the Congo and he builds wells. And You know, we've had him on a few times talk about his experiences over there. But getting to these people to try to build wells for them is fucking just fraught with peril. You're dealing with just gunfights breakout. People get robbed, people get pulled over and guns held to their head. Everything gets stolen from 'em. It's a blood diamond. Yes. Just lawlessness run by warlords different, You know, different towns. You go into a run by different people. You, you have to have translators. Sometimes translators like, this is not good, this is not good.


And you're like, oh fuck. And You know, you're just over there trying to help people and you're, you're, so if you're going to study these chimpanzees, like this ain't no, you can't just walk in There ain't like the fucking Pacific Northwest. Yeah. Just go into the woods and like, oh, there's a deer. No, this is, you're dealing with humans That's crazy dangerous humans who are desperate and who have lived their whole life in these conditions. When you go elk hunting, how long do you spend, like how, how long is an elk hunt for you? I give myself a week. I always have a week. But You know, a lot of guys who have more time, they'll do 10 days. It depends on what kind of hunting you're doing. I'm doing it in places where there's, it's private access.


So it's not, if you have public land, you're gonna get a lot of hunters on that land. Sure. Especially if there's elk And it pushes the elk deeper and deeper into the forest. And if you wanna really find them, a lot of these guys, they'll put their, like my friend Aaron Snyder, he'll put a backpack on, he'll go two weeks and they'll go, You know, 26, 30 miles in. Yeah. And that's where the elk are. And so not only that, you have to pack them out. Oh yeah. So if you kill an elk 30 miles in and it's 30 miles as the crow flies. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not 30 miles of terrain. You're going up and down and up and down thousands of feet of elevation And it takes them days Yeah. To get the animal out.


And how did, yeah, I've seen the videos of that guy. You had this guy on. He's, he's awesome. Donnie Vincent. Yes. I've seen he, he does a very good job of documenting dog hunts. He does. And he's always got the backpack with the antlers on. Yep. And And you have to have a, a fucking strong back man. Yeah. And trekking poles are a must. And You know, you're carrying something on your back. That's almost what you weigh. You got a person on your back and you're trying to go 30 miles elevation and that's only one trip. Yeah. You get, you're done, you drop it off. You have to get it on ice or do something to pre, depending on depending weather on what the temperature is outside. But you have to preserve the meat. You have to put it somewhere. Usually in a cooler, you lock it down. Whatever you do, you quarter it out, bone it out.


And then you're going back. So you're going 30 miles for load number two. And if you're solo Yeah. There's a lot of guys that's so low elk hunt. You might have to go in four times to get all the meat out Because you s you physically can't carry it all 30 miles up and down the mountains without risk of like dying. No. How much is an elk? I mean elk is gigantic. Hundreds of pounds of meat. So I could tell you exactly because we shot these elk in Utah and then we brought them to this meat processing place that makes you sausages and all kinds of cool shit. And they weigh it. So they weigh your meat And it was 400 pounds of meat, Of harvested meat.


That's not Bones. Yeah. I mean on, there's guts. No, they're still bones. They still Bones and the quarters. But the bones aren't that much weight. Let's say, let's just say, let's say the bones are a hundred pounds. Let's just, and I don't think they are, but let's say they are. Yeah. I don't even think they are because it's just a couple leg bones. It's quartered. So it's basically the femur. A it's, You know, like a rear high quarter and a front quarter. Let's say it's a hundred pounds, it's still 300 pounds of meat. You gotta get out on your own. Yeah. You 300 pounds on your back. So you've gotta do it in a hundred pound trips. Probably if you're smart. But some guys get crazy. A Hundred, a hundred pound pack is a lot. Dude. I know it is. I, I know a guy fucked his back 'cause he tried to do 180 pounds and he went like 25 miles and his back's destroyed.


His back is so destroyed that one of his arms is atrophying. Yeah. 'cause his nerves are getting pinched. 'cause his fucking discs are all bulged out and fucked up. So you shoot an elk. Yeah. And then you, you, let's say you're with two guys, I don't know. And you, you take as much as you can and you come out now in the meantime that carcass is sitting there. You just, you just try and get back as soon as you can. Like the meat doesn't go bad. No. It cold out. I'm Cold. Assuming it's cold out. It's cold out. It's cold out. When we, when I was hunting it was hailing. Oh, okay. You know, So it was Like it, some of the days it was in the thirties. Some of the days it was in the forties. But it So it stay overnight cold. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It totally can. But we didn't have to wait overnight. We, we packed it out that day. I got very lucky that my friends came down and helped me. Mm.


So we were in the bottom of this canyon. It's very, very steeped. This part that's like extremely difficult to get to, which is why the elk go there. So it was like, you have to be very physically fit just to get there. Just to get, like when I do cardio, getting ready for elk hunts, I'm literally, I get ready for it. Like I have to go into a fight or something. You train for it. I'm doing sprints on the Airdyne machine just to pump my legs up just to do, I'm doing box jumps and box steps with weights. I'm doing all these body weight squats. It's just to have strong legs. Just 'cause you have to deal with this, this, this terrain. If you wanna go where the elk are. Yeah. 'cause they know where the cats are and, and they know where they can hide. Yeah. And they know where they can get away from people.


And that's in the areas that are hard to get to, which is the mountains and the more hard to get to. And the elk goop it. Like, it's nothing like they just fucking run right up. It. Like it's, it's so wild to watch. 'cause you, you, you're struggling to go like a mile an hour and these motherfuckers are like running over the top of the hill. Like it's nothing. Yeah. But that's why they're there. They're there because they know that it's tough to get there and people won't fuck with 'em there. And You know, they, they rarely get fucked with there. So that's how you have to get to. So I got lucky that there was five guys in camp with me and everyone took a load And it was, I think Cam Haines has a photo of it on his Instagram of all of us packing it out. It was in one of those multiple photo things.


But, so that, that helped a lot because if it was just me and my friend Colton, who was my guide, it would've probably taken us fucking most of the day. Yeah. Most of the day. Just to get it to the top of the hill where you can get a four by four to it. So you're Not worried about, you don't have like camping gear also, So you're No. Okay. No, that's good. Yeah. But a lot of guys do. Yeah. And those guys, the most effective hunters that go into public land, which is a much tougher thing to do. Right. Because I said because of pressure and also because if you want to go where the elk are, the elk, there's a lot of people, there's pressure and the elk are gonna get the fuck outta dodge. And so you have to find out where they are. It's a lot more groundwork. Yeah. And you're covering a lot more miles. So these guys, they put their camp on their back and they do the chop the toothbrush in half that whole deal.


Yeah. Pens. Yep. They know where the water is and they use things like onyx maps so that they chart their, that's all of us. Nice. So we're packing out That's all the elk quarters. Yeah. On different people's backs. And that head up there, that's me carrying the head out with the antlers. Nice. You know, and it's that we were real, like I said, real lucky that we had friends there to help us. But if you do that by yourself Yeah. If you're out there by yourself and you're 30 miles in, you gotta be so strong. You gotta be so strong. Whose shot was that? Oh, I think it was Adam, my friend Adam Greentree. Nice. He's an awesome photographer that's in incredible lives in Australia, who was with us hunting too. But that's the kind of hunting that I do is the easiest kind of hunting as far as that goes, As far as bow hunting in the wilderness goes.


Yeah. In that, I mean, You could do it with a gun. It is a Hundred times easier. Oh, it's no, but what I'm, what I'm saying is like, there's not gonna be a lot of people there. No one's gonna fuck with you. Yeah. And You know, the elk are there. Yeah. So the, the much more difficult path is like the public land hunter who has to go deep into the forest to get away from all the people. Like my friend Adam told me he went 23 miles into the forest once and he is like, no one's gonna be here. And he found two tenths. He's like, motherfucker. Yeah. Man. These hunters, they're, they're all realizing like, so there's like a category of hunter that's like these athletes that love it. Yeah. And, but they're athletes. Like these guys are super physically fit so they can go 25 miles, 30 miles in and they can be by themselves.


Which Is, which is pretty serious. Oh yeah, man. Yeah. You did a great job of explaining to that one guy about why wolves and elk and, 'cause you're saying like, You know, fundamentally like, You know God and the fact that animals eat each other and you're like, because there's wolves, elk are mega athletes that can run up a mountain. Yeah. And I was just like, I was listening to it like, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yeah. That's why they are the way they are. Yeah. You can't take that out of this equation. Yeah. Like people want, oh, let's have all the elk live in harmony where they never have to worry about getting eaten. That's not real. Just standing there. Yeah. What you're saying is not real. No. So if you're saying you don't want hunting, you're saying you want these animals to die in a far more horrific way because we need population control.


Some say we need it with people, but that's the world economic forum. But what I think is with animals, we at least we understand, like we have wildlife biologists that are incredible at this job and they understand what the holding populations are. They're like, this is how much food is there? This is how many deer there. This is sustainable. We can give out this amount of tags. And so we, we keep the populations, but you have to also take into account wolves. When wolves move into an area, everything gets fucked. Everything gets fucked. They, they, they kill off a giant percentage of the calves. They kill off domestic animals. They do surplus kills sometimes. Like in Wyoming, they found this crazy surplus kill where these wolves had killed like a hundred cow elk and they were just laying there.


T just murder 'em. They can't help themselves, man. If they can do it, they're gonna do it. Like if they're stuck in snow or if something's going on where they can't get away, if they got 'em cornered, get 'em, they just go on a slaughter fest. Well It's like, that's like when we were in school and they were like, You know, the Native Americans only took, You know, and then like you read Empire of the Summer Moon and you're like, oh, It's all lies. Oh, It's all lies. The Native Americans were unbelievably brutal to each other. The Comanches were insane. Oh. That God book changed my whole view of everything. They're Gonna do a movie. They better, they better Do a movie. Is it a movie or a series? It's a movie. Right. I hope that a series. I hope they do a movie. It's, But it's Taylor Sheridan. Yeah. So yeah. He'll do it. Right. Oh, I hope they do it right next.


He, because that book, I was reading that book on an expedition and I was like, when did we stop being warriors? Never. When No, I'm talking about Like, It still going on right now. It's just not us. But the mentality. The mentality. Like where they be like, Oh yeah, Quana was, You know, by this stream. And they saw some other, another tribe on that when they just went, let's go get 'em. Yeah. You don't need to do that. You might die. Well they just, they were just like, let's go. They Went on raiding parties. They Thought it, It was fun. Yeah. That's what it was to them. They'd go and find other native tribes and fuck them up. Yeah. And sometimes eat them. Yeah. But I'm saying like that to me, given the modern context, like we're raised to be so sensitive and so considerate and Yeah. And it's like these people you read about the, I don't remember Juana's mom's name, but the, the Cynthia Ann Parker, the woman That was, There's a photo of her in the lobby.


Yeah, yeah. Breastfeeding her baby. Yeah. The heart. And she was Kidnapped. She was kidnapped and I think she had a baby that they killed. Yep. And then fast forward like five years, 10 years later. And she only speaks Comanche. She didn't have a baby when they caught her. No, she was only nine. Okay. I thought there, there was someone that they caught and she had a baby and the killed It on the rocks. Like, But, but then she became a Comanche. I think they killed her mother's other child. Yeah. I think that's what, when they killed her mother and they raped her mother and they, they're, they were unbelievably brutal. But they had a hard time Yeah. With their population because they're riding horses so much. So. So they're Losing a lot of babies From that. Exactly. So to mitigate that, they would take young kids.


So they find young kids recruit, they kidnap 'em and bring 'em into the tribe. So they kill the parents and incredible. Oh my God. Some of the stories are so, and what the craziest thing is what our government did, our government was like, Hey, you want a homestead? Go out there. We'll give you a chunk of land. What was that? They did it to bait people. The first scene of that book, the guy goes out there and he's like, hello, good friends. Yep. Good day to you. And they like cut his head Off. Exactly. And peel his face off. And it's like, holy shit. They kill everybody. Well, You know, you're on their land as far as they're concerned. What the hell? What the fuck are you doing? And what the government was doing was saying, Hey, you can go homestead out there. And it Was baiting them. Yeah. And so then they made these people fight off the Comanche.


And if it wasn't for Jack Hayes and the Texas Rangers, Texas Rangers, Texas would've never been settled. Yeah. This was all the Comanche. Yeah. Dude, there's so many arrowheads here. It's Mad. I would go nuts if I found an arrowhead in real life. Like if I was walking and I found an arrowhead, I would, it would Be the best I found Best day of My life. I found one once in Nevada. There's, that's, you found it. No, I did not find that one. That one's given. So this is a real, that's a real arrowhead. Native American arrowhead. Absolutely. My friend Remy said, that's probably one they use for fish 'cause it's larger. He said the ones they use for deer are smaller. 'cause You know, they don't have a lot of force in their bows and they, they have to penetrate. Yeah. So they want a smaller diameter. Arrowhead. Ouchie. Wow. Wow. That would do it. That would do it. Oh, fuck you up. Oh yeah, I'll fuck you up. Oh, that's so Cool. And they used to have the ability to hold all their arrows in between their fingers.


Mm. So they could fire off arrows one after another. This is why when they came up with the musket, they're like, this is not good enough. One shot. Yeah. And then they gotta sit there, pop pop, fucking pop. And they're just filling you up arrow. So when Colt developed a revolver that changed the game. Yeah. Because now all of a sudden these guys had cartridges. I think the initial one was five shots. Sure. So then these car Sure. And it could just pop the cartridge out, put a new one in, bang bang, bang, bang, bang. Changed the game. Yeah. The crazy thing is he was sitting over there in New Jersey, I think, developing that. Yeah. And he was like, I'm tinkering. And he sent it to the, I think they said he sent it over there and everyone was like, what is this? Not only that the government didn't want it for soldiers. They're like, what? Why do we need this? We don't need this. But the Texas Rangers used it, figured it out.


Yeah. And they're like, we need that fucking thing. And So they were really the predecessor, like to our, our image of like the cowboy. Like that's the birth of the cowboy. Right. Like, Well, I mean that Whole image of like a dude with a hat on a horse, like That was the, to me that's Like, it looked like you were getting towards after the Comanche, like the end of the Comanche times into the, I don't think cowboys were around for long, like that period that we think of like the Wild West. I think it was like a period Of like, it's kind of funny, right? Because it's such a genre in our history because we love it. Like there's not a whole lot of Civil war cool movies. No. 'cause nobody likes the Civil, But there's a lot of western cool movies because It's romantic. But the history of genocide in North America in terms of like what happened to the Native Americans has been so poorly documented in movies.


'cause nobody wants to watch that. Right. So the movies are all just, You know, guys in saloons having shootouts with other bad Americans. And every now and then some Native American would get into the picture. You'd have to fuck that Indian up 'cause he was trying to steal your goats or whatever. Or it'd be the cool tracker. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like in a butch Cassie and the Sundance kid where they're running and like, they're like, oh, these guys have a Native American tracker. I, Hey like, what a weird genre of films that only looks at it from one perspective. The perspective of the people that came over there and not even the real thing that happened to people is exactly what happened to people in the Amazon. It's disease. Yeah. That's the lost city of Z. Right. You know, when they went there, these, the first people were like, this place is amazing.


Yeah. They have these complex cities. It's gold's everywhere. Yeah. It's gorgeous. And then so people made the trek back and by the time they went there, all those people were dead. Yeah. From dirty, stinky European diseases. You're like, here you want some blankets? Yeah. Yeah. Well that blanket thing's not real. No, no. The smallpox on the blankets wasn't real. No, no. They think that, I mean, there might have been some instances where people knowingly gave people blankets with smallpox. But smallpox just spread. Just spread like wild. Yeah. 'cause everybody was immune to it from Europe. Like, not immune, but they had some sort of antibodies. 'cause smallpox was everywhere. So when they came over here, we brought a bunch of shit over here that just wrecked those people.


Yeah. There's, there's, I did an expedition in right before Lex came. I did an expedition in March, and me and JJ went to The Back. We basically picked a part of the Amazon that we'd never been to and went, let's go see what's over there. And it took us a, you just picked A spot. We picked a spot because it was around in a place that, like on the map, there's, there's no, there's no towns, there's no nothing. So we said, let's go there. And it took us a week. We had to take a commercial flight to a smaller flight, to a smaller flight. And then we had to take a boat for three days, nine hours a day to get to the start of the Expedition. Now when you do that, do you check to see if there's uncontacted tribes that have been reported in those areas?


We, what you do is you get to the last town and you go, you wait, what's that way? And they tell you, and the scariest thing, and this was one of the worst things I've ever seen in my life, was that there were these tiny little people there. And they were, so there was like normal Peruvians walking around like laggers gold miners that there, You know, their, their their chainsaws. There's people who had gasoline barges. There's also prostitute boats that drive around like brothels that go up and down on the boat. Yeah. And, and you, and you can pay them in wood, surprisingly enough. Board feed of timber. No joke. Whoa. Yes. You get to the real, like, this is a place where like, you feel like you went in a time machine and you get out there and there's people with modern machines.


But then off in the corner there were these little people and they were still holding onto their bows and arrows. And you look at them and as soon as you look at them, they hide. And we were like, who are they? And they were like, those are the nawa. And we were like, what's going on with the nawa? And it turns out that the nawa were shooting at the oil company guys that were trying to get into this deep, again, a part of the forests that never has been accessed before. Now it's starting, people are reaching deeper into the Amazon. And the problem is they'd be going up this river and there'd be arrows flying by them. Oh my God. So had they solved that problem, they funded the missionaries, sent the missionaries out there to talk to the nawa and convinced them to come back to the nearest town.


So these are uncontacted tribes who are right there. Like, we're standing there like kind of talking to them. We're like, Ola. And they're, How do the missionaries communicate with them? The missionaries go like, You know, Bible up. And they just hope And it just fucking hope. Are These the Mormons? Like what groups? I actually don't know because Mormons Love To do that. I don't know what group it was. I know I saw, I saw the missionary And it gave me a dirty evil look and walked away. Like, this is dark shit. It Was dark shit. The missionary gave you an evil look. That's interest. Oh no, no. These are not people that are, okay. And so these terrified, think about this for a second. These, What are the missionaries up to? They're working for the oil companies. They're clearing out the forest, they're clearing the way, they're just doing it peacefully. But are they actual missionaries or are they acting as missionaries?


They're whatever it is. They're, they're going with the missionary protocol, getting these people to come in. So what they did was through two translators from Spanish to some to, to yate, to nawa to something. We asked this guy and we had to stay away 'cause we didn't wanna get them sick. And we had to say like, what are you doing here? And the guy was like, I'm trying to go back to my house. Like where I live in, not my house, my jungle. And he said, these missionaries said if I came here that then we, they'd help me and the food and the, You know, and they were very confused 'cause the missionaries had brought back a boatload to them and kind of tricked 'em. 'cause then when they got to the town, they just showed up to capitalist society. Which even though it's super remote, they're like, you want food? You gotta buy it. And these people have a bow and arrow, but there's no more animals around because they've killed everything.


Oh my God. And they go, But I wanna go home. And the missionaries go, well do you got gasoline now they're stuck. Oh my God. And how far, Like three days of driving in a boat. So like 70 miles by river. Oh my God. And so these poor people are coming into modern society a thousand years late with their wooden bow and arrows. They're this big, they're tiny little people and they're terrified and no one's helping them. Oh my God. And it's the edge of the world. And it's exactly when I was, and I was reading this Comanche book on that expedition, and I'm going, this is the same thing. It's that manifest destiny. This is the end of their culture. Oh, there's no one, there's no one who's gonna help them.


And they were just terrified sitting there at the edges of the streets. And all these people are riding by on like motorcycles and rickshaws. And this boat's going by and these people are trying to look for like a rat to shoot. Oh my God. It was terrifying. Oh my God. It was terrifying. I felt so bad for them. 'cause they had no, I, you could see they had no idea. And they don't even speak the language. They don't even speak. They're two degrees separated with language. So like, like you could speak ine, which is the local tribal language there. But these people don't even speak that. They speak their language. So you'd have to go from Spanish to Yune to Nawa. Oh my God. And we were there and these people were going, So how does someone know Nawa that you talked to? Because one of the yune guys that I knew was, had been living there.


So he'd picked up a few Nawa words. And so they were there. They Were, they were going. So, so these People, how long have these people been there for? I didn't get that. But they were, they were, they were literally living in a camp at the, like where the trees were. They stayed by the trees. They wanted to be by the trees. Oh my God. And so there's people like, you could buy a Coca-Cola there. Like this was like, you could, You know, you could buy gasoline, Coca-Cola, whatever way out there. There's a boat that has some like gasoline cylinders. You can fill up your boat. And then this, this is where, this is the long, it's Like it during the gold rush in Alaska. It's like the last place before you go into The wild. Oh my God. And These, it was just, it was really horrible to see. And I think reading that the empire of the summer moon was made it even worse because That's so dirty.


So they tricked these people into go into the town and they just abandon them. Yeah. Oh my God. And these people, how could they know that someone would do that to them? They haven't know. They don't even know what a town is like. Right. They don't, they don't even know what a town is like. Oh my God. They're terrified. And so they're still, You know, you see them, they're, they're washing by the river and they're trying to feed their babies, but they're starving. Probably no one gives A fuck and no one gives a fuck God. And they're treated like dirt too. 'cause people, 'cause humans are humans and so, right. No one wants to help them. Nobody could talk to them. And then of course they're, they're kind of frustrated. Right, right. So like, they're not exactly friendly either. Right. Wow. Yeah. Crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy crazy. Have you seen that overhead fit? There's, there's a view, like a camera is on some of the helicopter or something and it's photographing these guys and they're all fucking pointed.


Pose narrows. Yeah. This one. How wild is that? You think that's wild? I can, I can show you something that I can't show publicly, but look at this. Really? Yeah. I got something that no one's seen. Ooh, this is from last I'm gonna show everybody. No, you're not. This is from, this is from last week. Oh wow. So what, what Joe is looking at right now is a bunch of uncontacted tribes standing in the rain. And again, they don't speak the language of the people that are trying to interact with them. So this is across a river. So I Are these those same people that were in that town? The, these are not the nawa. This is a different tribe. Oh my God, man, this is wild. This is like imagining what it would be like to run into people hundreds of thousands years ago.


Are you on the single guy yet? Yeah. Yeah. Incredible man. Like, I mean, that guy looks like someone from the past. Yep. It doesn't look like someone from now. Yeah. And so what they did was they sent them a canoe full of bananas. Now that guy's standing there in the cold shaking his head like, he might just not know the word for blanket. It's insane, man. This is incredible. Yeah. And these are essentially some of the last people on earth like this. Yeah. And so there's a huge debate about how we protect them because there's two camps. There's some people that say, You know, they're running scared during the industrial revolution. They pushed further out and they're, they're, they're too scared to come in and get help.


Right. And then there's other people that go, no, they're noble savages and they live out there because they want to and they're the last free people. But looking at these videos and seeing some of the stuff, they're, they're, they're trying to carefully interact with some of the most remote tribes. And so there's people that live seven days from the nearest town that speak a dialect of, of native language in the Amazon. And the tribes will come out and they'll, You know, they'll come out and they'll, you saw it, they'll, they'll come out and they'll just look, they'll look at them. They'll make gestures, they'll do things. But if you get too close to 'em, they shoot you. Oh. So you can't really, you can't just go up to them and be like, Hey man, what's up? Do you want some eggs? Right. You can't do that. Right.


So what happens is this standoff on either side of the river, where you have people that live a remote lifestyle and are very, very indigenous, but that can still interact with us. That no, our, You know, the modern world have, have seen a dollar before, have seen a spoon, the wheel, Blah, blah, blah, wearing an under Armour t-shirt. Yeah, exactly. And then these people show up and they got their dicks tied to their stomachs and they wear no clothes. And they're doing, they're making sounds. Sometimes they're using animal calls. They tie their dicks down so they don't get scratched up. They tie 'em up. They, so if you look at this dude here, look, I'll just pause it on when he's That's so gangster. It's like, Yeah man, I gotta tie it off.


Otherwise, I mean, think about the stuff they're walking through. I mean, you don't Want to drag on the ground. Right. Everything's got a thorn. So Like, look, look at that. Like he's, he's got that thing tied up. Wow. But yeah, you don't want get in, you don't want to get in. I guess you don't want like, mosquitoes having access to the head, You know, That could be a problem. That could be a problem. Aren't there like little fishes that swim up your dick hole too? That's, That's only if you're peeing in the water. Oh. A much worse thing is when you take a shit in the jungle. Oh, All the bugs are coming for you. Oh no. So you gotta like, you gotta like be on, on like dick patrol while you're doing that because you're gonna get bug bites on your ass. But you gotta make sure they, They don't do it in your asshole. Well, Sure. Right. Does that happen? Does that too? Yeah.


Because as soon as you Oh Christ. As soon as you crouch dung, beetles bigger than golf balls start flying through the air. So, oh my God. As you're trying to take a shit in the Amazon. So they know when an animal crouch as You fart, there are animals falling you. Oh. And so you're sitting there and you have to, there's a bunch of things you gotta do first you gotta break your stick. Right. So you have like some leaves. The leaves is to keep your, your ass bug free. Oh my God. To get God get The Mosquitoes away. Oh my God. And then the other thing you gotta do is you gotta be holding a tree. 'cause you're crouching. Right. Right. But then you use your ass stick to swat away the dung Beatles. 'cause they come and, and I, one dung beetle hit my friend Mosin in the eyeball and like scratched his actual eyeball.


'cause it flew straight. And they have, You know, rhinoceros horns coming outta their faces. Yeah. And their exoskeletons brutal. And they're heavy. It's big bug. And they're airborne and they're moving quick. And when they're, they want your shit. 'cause and they're gonna take it and they're gonna roll it into balls and they're gonna push it through the jungle and they're gonna lay their eggs in it. Oh God. So yeah, taking the shit in the jungle is like a hole. You have to know how to do it. If you don't know how to do it, you could end up in a lot of trouble. Good lord. Man. So many things to think about. And this is your everyday existence. Yeah. Yeah. I just, so when you went to that spot Yeah. When you decided, let's, let's go there And it takes you three days and you get up there and you see these people. Did you wind up going deeper into the jungle and seeing how they actually live?


So You, can you or is it dangerous? Well, both. Well, I had, I had some trackers with me who were extremely experienced in all of this. They knew where we could and couldn't go. And we went on a, we, it took us a week to get to the launch point. And then we went on a six day expedition from there where we're eating fish outta the river, we're drinking outta the river. Camping on the beaches. And then we did reach a point where they found signs of uncontacted tribes And that's when it gets Dangerous. And they went, we're going back. Wow. A hundred percent going back. I mean, you have to you for, for, for everyone's, there's no, there's absolutely no way that you can continue going. You're gonna either get killed or be killed. Like it, it turns into, I mean, these guys turned around. They loaded the shotguns and they were like, we, we turned around this moment they turn to the boat and Wow.


Like the moment that you find, 'cause they know you are there before You know They're there. Oh, they know you're there. Yeah. If you're coming in a boat too, it's probably making a lot of noise. Yeah. Right. Oh Yeah. Wait, They did that thing from a long ways out. 2, 2, 2, 3 weeks ago. Some loggers, they found them. They were the, the, the, the chainsaw. They were the loggers were chainsawing on the tawa Manu River. The laggers were from the look of the, I'm kind of Sherlock Holmes in the image I saw the, the, the loggers were, were cutting this log. They were dead where they were standing. So you think these guys are going, eh, cutting this log and the tribes are surrounding them. They had no idea. Wow. And they just started throwing arrows from the shadows. Oh my God. And so they found the bodies of two laggers. See if you find that Jamie, This was, this was within August, Peru tribes killed.


There's a picture, like a blurry picture of It, of the loggers. They don't show you anything. It's just when it comes in. I bet, Bet you can find it. I bet You can find it. I bet you my guys have it on WhatsApp, the Dark web. I bet your WhatsApp group is wild. My WhatsApp group is ridiculous. I gotta show you some of the pictures. I I gotta start sending you some some crazy shit. Yeah. Let me in. Yeah Man. At least See some pictures. I promise I won't share 'em. I got terrible Pictures. 'cause one time they killed these guys and their bodies were on the beach for a few days and they, they blew up and became white. So they looked like the Michelin man. But then when the vultures got to them, they started ripping out their eyeballs. Oh. And disemboweling them. So by the time people went to find them, The skeletons, It was like the skeleton was half out of the face. It was some of the most gruesome shit you've ever seen.


It was incredible. It was incredible. That's like, dude now, now because of, You know, just having a large social media following people just send me their craziest shit. So I gotta be careful what I open. 'cause people will send you a video. And like, one thing that I found very disturbing, somebody sent me a video And it was like, here, click on this. And I was like, I don dunno if I really wanna, And it was somebody like, there was like a deer and he was feeding a deer and feeding a deer. And then he takes a handgun and shoots it in the head. And I was like, that's fucking hard. I was like, no. So now I'm careful. But somebody sent me a few weeks ago a video of which this one I'm probably gonna share, But I have to make sure that they don't get me for it. An elephant trainer in India and he's working next to this elephant and he's just working next to the elephant doing his thing.


And this elephant just decides that today ain't his day. An elephant just knocks him over and crushes his pelvis. Oh. And then it's like, that's not good enough. So it pushes his foot on the guy's head and just flattens 'em. And it's all on video. Oh my God. It's wild. Actually, Jamie on there is, there's one picture of it. Might even say. Yeah. It says elephant dead and it's just a picture of a guy. His gun is broken in half and his head is flattened. And that's in India. That the elephant just, They just say, just flattened The guy. It was Just like, enough is enough. Well, I mean, people torture elephants, man. Oh yeah. Oh, that's the guy. Oh boy. Yeah. Oh God. Yeah. I'm not showing that online. Oh. Oh Yeah.


Why'd you make me look at that? Hey, you want the good stuff or not? Yeah, I do. I do. I want good stuff. Give it all to me. Show of the arrows in the guys. I'll show that the, the one next to that one is the elephant stepping on the guy. If you want, if You know, if You have, I'm here while I'm here. I Mean, it's important. People should know not to, not to go, not to be. People think elephants are cuddly. They're not, they're not to be messed with. He's just decided he's had enough of this. This one's Horrible. 'cause it's not quick. This not quick. But like, see this elephant is not, You know, he's probably around this elephant every day. And it doesn't look like he's, see, see what he's doing. But he's doing, see what he's doing? He's poking the elephant. That Shit's Annoying. Yeah. And this elephant's going, You know what, that's enough look. Oh yeah. So at this point, He's already broken at this point.


I mean, his pelvis is gone. Even if he lived, he'd be, Oh, everything's just getting crushed And Oh, oh my God. Oh my God. That's, oh my God. That's that. You just had enough. Oh, this is horrible, man. He's just stomping this guy. He's already dead. He's Dead. Yeah, he's dead now. He's completely dead. Oh my God. He's so flat. That's so crazy. Oh, he's picking him up in his mouth. I mean, this elephant is angry. Oh my God. This guy's so dead. That's it. But I mean, that's not even a big elephant. And This other guy runs in to stop it. Are you outta your fucking mind.


But that elephant's probably tired of wearing that fucking stupid outfit too. Yeah. Tired of getting poked at with a stick. Yep. Well that's, and that's probably like a 5,000 pound Asian elephant. Whereas the largest elephant, largest African elephant was something around 24,000 pounds. Oh my God. Yeah. These are, these are, You know, 18 wheelers. They're Huge. Yeah. And what's fucked up about that is like when you have tribes or towns or villages of people that are growing things. Yeah. And the elephants find it, they just like, sorry, it's ours now. Food for you's really tough because there's not enough jungle for the elephants. And then Yeah, you turn down an entire field full Of pineapples. Yeah. They're, it's like, come on. They're like, this is my pineapple now. These are My pineapples.


Yeah. They don't have any understanding of ownership. They're like, these are pineapples that are on the ground. No one's eating them. Of course I'm gonna eat 'em. God. And they can eat all the pineapples. And so now everybody starves And no one can stop them. People come out, they throw rocks at them. They do it. You can do a thing. You Can't fucking thing. They'll push a house over. They don't care. Oh yeah. They'll stomp you into the fucking dirt. They don't give a shit. Can I tell you, can I tell you my favorite elephant story from recently? Sure. So I started doing work with this, this private game reserve in Africa called Buffalo Cliff. And it's these incredible people, Warren and Wendy Ripen. And they, I started going over there 'cause they were using post nine 11 veterans to protect their elephants and rhinos. But their elephants, they found out, they call it the holcroft herd. They, they found out that some Saudi prince had elephants in this reserve and they weren't irrigating it.


So the elephants were dying. So they went and they did a flight over and they saw dead elephants. They saw dead animals. And there was, I think there was, I think there was 10, 10 or 11 el elephants that were still alive. And so they went to the South African court. They repossessed the elephant herd. The owners of the reserve that I work with, they went with a helicopter. You circle it around, they got the elephants together. They darted the whole family at once. All 11 elephants got them on trucks like semi lucid, just kind of awake. Got them onto trucks, transported them to Buffalo Cliff, where they're gonna be safe. Released them. And they said that when these elephants woke up and came off the trucks, and now they're in a private game reserve where they're gonna be safe the rest of their lives.


He said they just exploded. They went flying into the water, started drinking, playing, bathing, just eating everything. They rearranged the entire ecosystem. And one of the females was pregnant and they didn't know that the female was pregnant. Wow. And so these people are doing this in ccra, this crazy work where they're protecting black rhinos, which are critically endangered elephants, white rhinos, all this stuff. And they're doing it through hunting. They're doing it where they have hunting. They have a reserve that is fenced in. 'cause South Africa, everything's fenced in. But the elephants and the rhinos. And you're keeping, at this point, we're keeping black rhinos on the brink of extinction. We're keeping them from going extinct. But it's like, you go there and these elephants are so happy because they're living in a place where they're free.


Right. They're Wild. They have food And they have as, as much food as they want. They have like 50,000 acres. What A dream for an elephant to get rescue. They get started. You're like, oh, fucked. You See a helicopter and you're like, oh shit. There's no water here. Yeah. Everyone's dying. And then all of a sudden you're in this bountiful place, In this bountiful place. And it's, that's pretty dope. And it's funny too because talking about like the people, the, the, You know, the, the, the anti-hunting people and it's like, this is a place where very, very different reality than the Amazon. But where, You know, the, the owner said to me, he was like, You know, you can, you can, no one's gonna pay you $30,000 to take a picture of a buffalo. He's like, people pay $30,000 to hunt a buffalo all the time. And so they use sustainable hunting of like the zebras and the buffalo and the impalas and stuff like that to protect the entire ecosystem.


Yeah. So you have leopards and elephants and black rhinos, white rhinos. And so you have tourism and hunting side by side in this incredible game reserve. It's wild. Well, unfortunately, the only way where people really appreciate animals is to make them a commodity. Whether you make them a commodity for going on safari, whether you make them a commodity for hunting them. Because before that, when people were just poaching and doing market hunting, they were on the brink of extinction. Yeah. There's a lot of animals there. A lot of the undulates that were on the brink of extinction. Yeah. You know, there's, there's animals in Texas that you can hunt that are endangered in their native lands. Like, but that they've bred them in Texas. Yeah. They bred some, there's there's more tigers in Texas than there are in all of the wild of the world.


Just in people's yards. Yeah. I just met somebody that had elans on her property, this giant Elan's, very common, huge fucking animal. Crazy horns. They're cool looking. But these, these wild game reserves in Africa, You know, people go over there and they shoot these animals and then that meat gets donated to these tribes. And this friend of mine who went over there to do That was saying that they went to this school, which was like, it's it to call it a school. It's just, it's it's dirt floors, You know, no windows. It's just this building where kids go and the food they get is all cans. So they have canned foods and so they brought them hundreds of pounds of meat that they, and they, everybody went crazy.


The whole village comes, they food baskets of it, fresh meat. And it does help. It helps. But really what's fucked is that people live like that. Like really the, the way to get people out of that situation when you have these insanely impoverished countries where you can take advantage of people and have a mind for cobalt, is to try to elevate the standard of living for those people. Try to bring them power and give them irrigation and give them fresh water and, and figure out a way to get them resources. Like Yeah. And I mean that's exactly what we're doing in the Amazon is, is give the loggers a better fucking job. Right. They don't wanna be loggers. They nobody Wants to, that nobody wants to be a gold miner. Right. Nobody wants to be a poacher in Africa. And So it, Instead, I think a lot of people wanna be gold miners.


Not this kind of gold miner. True Rust. No, not that to me. But that's not gold mining. That's, This is sand mining for bits of gold. Like, Oh yeah. This is what they cut down the Amazon for. Right. But gold mining in Alaska probably pretty fine. Probably. Imagine being a part of the minor 49 ERs that came over here in 1849. That's Different. You find a nugget of gold. Yeah. That's different. That's a whole different thing. Have you seen the movie Sisu? It's like a John Wick movie from World War ii. It's about this crazy soldier who becomes a gold miner and he finds gold and he's, You know, retired, done with the war. And then he, he's hiking out with this gold, he's riding out with his gold and the Nazis. Yeah. Show up and he has to kill all the Nazis.


And it is just one of those movies though, where you can kill everybody. Like a John Wick thing. It's awesome. I can't, man. I bet you can. I can't. The only reason it's okay in the Matrix is because they're in the Matrix. Right. Every other movie where one guy like the taken where he can like, take down a room full of, of People taken. It's a little ridiculous. But this guy, you kind of believe it. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's pretty fucking, But I mean, this guy's chance, I'll a chance guy covered in Scars his whole body. He's been in war his whole bo his whole life. Yeah. I'll give it a chance. This Is, this is the guy, wait, Who's the actor? That's not Brendan Gleason, is it? No, It's, I don't know. No, I don't know his name, but it's not American movie. Look at the, look at the, the trailer with the knife through the head, Bro. This fucking movie Rules. Yeah, it rules.


It rules. Yeah. That's the gentleman's name. I've never heard of him. Yeah, but he's fucking awesome. No, the far the farthest I can go with violence was Peaky Blinders. I I Oh my God. What a show. Yo. What a show. Show. What a show. I have so much trouble not just talking like Alfie Solomon's my entire life. I fucking love that Character by all of the Peaky Blinders. Oh yeah. That. And then my newest thing is the a hundred foot wave. If you haven't watched this thing, man. No, what's that? Oh my God. Surfers Garrett McNamara. You know the, You know the wave in in Portugal? The in nre? Yes. It's the dude and his wife who discovered it. You know, they tell the whole story where like, You know, he's looking for big waves.


They're all chasing big waves, like point break shit. Like, You know, and then I think they get an email from someone and she, she gets an email from someone and she's like, we should go check out this wave. And this dude goes, first of all wave porn all day long. Look at this wave. Such a fucking good show. And I'm looking at this going, I wanna make, I wanna make a show one day about how we made our national park. How the fuck did they document this? This dude is so insane to do that. So insane to ride. This Is, this is some of the best shit I've ever seen. I'm riveted by this also. I just can watch that wave again and again and again. Those guys who do that are different humans. But this is, it's it's the cinematography, it's the storytelling. It's Oh, it Goes down.


No. Yeah, Dude. No. Oh, the injuries. The injuries are brutal. I mean, you're talking about 70 foot Wave. Oh my God. The weight of that water must be insane. They literally went looking for the biggest wave and then just like that old tree in Ireland, this has like become the, the the thing for that town. Right. People come there for the wave now. Oh My, how many people die there every year? I think They have a pretty good safety system. They have like a jet ski rescue system where like if you, if I, if I tow you onto a wave, I feel like I know it now from watching the show. If I tow you onto a wave and you catch this epic wave, but then you get trucked and you're under 40 feet of foam and you're getting just bashed under there. When that wave goes to the shore, I have like 10 seconds to race in there with my jet ski.


And you gotta grab on before the next wave comes. And if I don't, if you don't grab the ski, I gotta leave you. Oh my God. And you gotta go under There. Oh my God. So as you're watching this show, you're like, do they die? Do they die? Are they okay? Oh my God. Holy shit. And the whole time they're just showing you this beautiful wave porn constant waves and you're just like, this is, this is, and these people wake up every day and have the same affliction that I have. They're just like, how do I get my adrenaline? They're like, how do I get my adrenaline? It's like, I feel like I can relate. Do you ever meet those dudes? They're so calm because They're, they're always coming down from it. They're like, ah man, there's no waves today. Just like when you meet, when you meet like certain veterans, they're just like, what man, look, we're not getting shot at today. So it's all good.


Yeah. It's fascinating how calm they are. Kelly Slater. Yeah. Have you had him in here? Yeah, I've had him. Yeah. He's awesome. You've had Laird Hamilton. Yep. Laird Hamilton's in The stock. Shane, he's a good friend of mine. He does that shit too. It's all these guys are, they're they're all chill dudes. Like real serious people. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Laird Laird shows up in there. They have him like being like, yeah, that fucking wave is crazy. You know, with his huge neck. He's just like, dude, You ever see his workout where he takes weights in the pool And walks on the bottom of the pool? He's a fucking maniac. Yeah. No, he's, he's, he's always been just, I mean, you just look at him, he's just built, he's built like an action figure. He's, he's always been incredible. No days off with that guy. He's incredible.


In that world of just wanting to constantly get on the biggest waves is just such a nutty proposition. I I Totally understand it though. I think it's to do something that, that's, it's like say, You know, you can ride a dragon. Right? Yo. Right. You know, or You know, Elon's like, I wanna go to Mars. Like somebody tells you, look at the big a mountain of water. Right. You can fly on that. Right. I'm in. Right. Sign me up. I mean, I feel like that's snowboarding and snowboarding's chiller. You're not like taking your life in your hands, but like, when you're going as fast as you can on a snowboard down a mountain, you're like, man, I am fucking surfing a mountain right now. Yeah, it is. It is flying. It's an apex of life. It's, I feel like that when I jump on an anaconda, I'm like, I am going to die When I'm on a, it's, I don't snowboard, But I ski and when I ski I'm like, don't get hurt.


Don't get hurt. Don't get hurt. Don't get hurt. Didn't get hurt. Yeah. Yeah. That's, don't eat a tree. I've just been injured so many times in my life that I, I see people falling down. The last time I skied too, I did wipe out pretty hard. See skis. I don't like that. Your legs. I feel like I'm gonna tie my legs into a, into a, into a knot. Yeah. But I don't like being attached to that board. Nope. 'cause when you hit ice and you fall forward, I say that, that face smack. Yeah. Head first keeps coming right out. I know a dude who got fucked up on a snowboard that way. He, the snowboard went up and he landed head first and just got wreck out cold, You know. Yeah. Friends, how to find him. Yeah. I teach, I teach somehow I've, I've taught all my friends how to snowboard and I've never had anybody get hurt too bad.


It's always like, You know, that's crazy. Like bunny hill to like, You know, whatever. Shane, my friend Shane Dorian that I was just talking about, he destroyed his knee snowboarding. Yeah. Slammed into a tree, tore it apart, had to get reconstructive surgery and You know, think about that guy's whole life is riding waves. You know Shane Dorian? Yeah. Yeah. He's a surfer now. Yeah. Awesome surfer. Yeah. Big wave surfer. And so, You know, he had to get his knee reconstructed as soon as he got fixed. Right back to snowboard. Yeah. I mean, dude, it's the, it's the thing you love. It's the thing you love. I mean, you can't, I don't Get it. No matter how many dung beetles fly out my ass. I say I just keep going back to the jungle. I understand. But I don't get it. I I do understand. I just, like, my brain didn't go down that path, But I get the path.


I could have gone down that path. I see it. I see the lure. I see the lure of the big wave. I see the lure of the jungle. I see it. I think you do it in a lot of, I think you, you I'm, You know, I think you do a lot of things obsessively. I think that when you get interested in something, whether it's elk hunting or whether it's archery or whatever it is, you go a hundred percent. Yeah. And so you kind of get that same hit from it. Yeah. I Understand it. These guys Have just attach themselves to something that's insane. I think it's in everything. I think everything is like that. There's things that human beings find that are complicated and challenging and we gravitate towards those things. 'cause we get these rewards of accomplishment. And I think these rewards of accomplishment are built into our, our system of what it is to be a human being and what our purpose is on earth.


And I think that there's you, you can live your whole life and not find a thing that you are, that you find challenging and rewarding. And I think that's a tragedy because I think you're living a boring ass life. And there's a lot of people, that's the great Thoreau quote. Most men live lives of silent desperation. And that's real. That's, most people don't have a thing that they do that excites them. And it's difficult and it's challenging and rewarding. And that's not a good life. It's a safe life. Right. That's what people want. They want a safe life. People wanna retire. I wanna Gopuff into the sunset. It's all bullshit. You want a life filled with challenges and rewards and you want to learn about yourself along the way.


You wanna make mistakes 'cause that's how you grow. You want to do challenging things 'cause that's how you find out how far you can push yourself. You wanna learn more. 'cause it elevates your capacity to understand things. It's part of being a human. It's, it's a fascinating thing that's elective. And that's the part about it that makes it interesting. It's elective. You don't have to do it. You can get a very plain, boring job that's not challenging or intriguing and just exist. And you could exist on bad food and you could exist on bad information and watch television all day and never challenge your mind and just dull yourself with alcohol and slowly rot until your body gives out.


I think a lot of people clip their own wings thinking that, You know, that's not me. Yeah, that's true too. Yeah. I don't have access to that. And, and then you don't realize that the difference between you and Goggins or You know, McNamara is, is just, it's just obsession. It's just go out and do it. And a lot of times it's getting on a path. And then like, think about Goggins like when he first started that, what if he never did decide to get fit? What if he stayed that 300 pound dude who's just drinking milkshakes all day and he was big and fat and he couldn't even run a hundred yards. That's, that's who he was when he first started working out. Yeah. And a, a switch flipped and he got on a path and he stayed on that path.


He wasn't on that path his whole life. And then all of a sudden he gets on that path and becomes the, the biggest psycho of all time on that path. But you have to either have a traumatic event that wakes you up or some sort of just boundless, innate optimism that makes you, I think It's possible. Know there's a, you have to have this or that. I think there's a whole bunch of different things that can happen to people. I think near death experiences. Yeah. I think loss of a loved one. I think maybe a realization that sometimes people just wake up and say, I can't do this anymore. Whatever they're doing that's boring or sucky or just soul sucking. They just get to a point where they go, I can't do this anymore. And sometimes it's just like an alcoholic hits rock bottom.


It's like, I'm not drinking anymore. I'm, I'm fucking done. Yeah. And people do. My friend Dave did that. He never went to rehab, didn't do nothing. He crashed his car. He got, he got arrested 'cause he ran away from the scene of the, the accident. He was drunk driving and he said, I'm never drinking again. Never drank again to the day he died. Just, Just reach his limit. One day. Just Quit. Just reach his limit. Didn't go to Alcoholics Anonymous. They're like, you have to go. He is like, no, I don't. I'm just not drinking anymore. I'm done. And he just had to his whole life, he was a drunk. He just had to get to this point where he is like, this can't be me anymore. Yeah. He Just disgusted yourself. This a whole bunch of different ways to get to that. Sometimes you get to it through inspiration. Yeah. Sometimes you get to it through desperation. Sometimes you get to it just through intrigue.


Like sometimes, You know, you walk into a juujitsu gym and you've never even done a martial art in your whole life. You take a a lesson and you're like, oh my God, this is so fun. And then five years later, you're a fucking juujitsu wizard and you're obsessed with it. And you train every day, and you're, you're on this new path as a human being Because you found a thing that excited you. And it could be big wave surfing, it could be playing chess. It could be, there's a probably a thing out there that resonates with you. You just haven't had it. And then there's the thing of getting outside of your comfort zone, which people don't like to do. That's where people struggle. Yeah. Because they have never had any experience with it, and they don't understand the reward of doing it. But the people that do do it all the time, whether it's, You know, David Goggins or Jocko, or anybody that you see that's like an, a fitness influencer, or people that are like super fit, they just stay on the path.


That's the key. Yeah. The key is just, just every fucking day is a new challenge. You don't want to do it every day. If you're a guy that runs marathons, there's no fucking way you wanna run every day. But, You know, if you wanna run a sub three hour marathon, you gotta run every fucking day and you gotta check your heart rate, and you gotta make sure you're eating correctly. You gotta do all those things. It's fucking hard to do. But, because it's hard to do, people get obsessed, You know, maybe they run a a 5K, they're like, I can't believe I did it. Wow. I ran three miles. And then the next thing you go, You know what? I'm gonna run a half marathon. Yeah. And they prepare for a half marathon, and the next thing You know, they're a fucking runner. You know? Yeah. Well, But that's, that happens, that's, and that's the thing that, to, to me, what I see is so many people going, You know, especially like at this point, people go like, oh, I can't believe, You know, you do this work in the jungle.


And they go, I, I always wanted to do this. And I listen to when people say, I always wanted to do it, and I'm like, go Do it. Yeah, Go do it. But some people can't. Right. 'cause some people, I mean, the, the reality is some people have families and they have mortgages, and they have loved ones. They take care of. There's not a, a chance in hell you could take a father of four. No. And all of a sudden this guy can become a jungle keeper. It's just he's not gonna leave Ohio. And, You know, and quit his job in Columbus. And I mean, not full time, but I'm saying he could, he could, He could do something. He could do something, could something. But the point is, you d you went on this path very early. How, how old were you when you first started this path? 17. Yeah. See, that's a good age because 17, you don't know. But That was what the fuck is going on in the world. You're young, you're all full of cu and you're fucking crazy Ambitious teachers keeps telling you what to do.


Yeah. Fuck These people. Fuck these people. And then you have, you go, There's No rules, confidence and intelligence. And you decided to make this a path. And then you find this incredibly rewarding part of the path, which is saving the rainforest. And so now you have a, a, a reason to live. So your life becomes filled with meaning. And that's the problem with a lot of people, even that have jobs that are really good jobs. They don't have meaning. And that's why people fill their life up with bullshit. They just buy things. Mm. And do cocaine and fucking, You know, get a luxury yacht. You know, they just get these things that are trying to fill some sense of purpose and meaning, because they don't really enjoy what they do.


They, it's, they don't get just purely satisfied by what they actually do. They need all these other things to motivate them to keep doing it. And then they get caught up in this numbers game where a, a guy only has a billion dollars, feels like a loser when he is hanging out with Jeff Bezos. I never understood that, dude. I never understood what, making it past a certain amount of income and not just going, cool, now I'm gonna go enjoy. Yeah. Now I'm gonna take care of my friends. Now I'm gonna take care of that one neighbor that I always knew needed help. Now I'm gonna do this and just start doing good with that shit. Well, and there are people who do that. I could tell you as a person who grew up poor. Yeah. One, one of the things that happens is first, initially you worry that you're not gonna be able to maintain it. That's initial fear. That's, that's super, super common.


And guys start getting like really famine. It's interesting, when they start making more money Yeah. They start getting more freaked out about money. I understand that. That happens. But there's a limit though. Then you see that with like a whole lot of Hollywood people, they like change how they talk about things. Yeah. They, they change their opinions. They want, they don't wanna take any risks, You know, so you wanna like, keep that gravy train rolling. But if you're doing something you enjoy doing, then I think if you like, especially if you're independent like podcasters, right? That's a good example. You start making money in podcasting. You like, oh, this is great. Like, I just can make money doing a thing that I love to do. Like, I'm not gonna stop doing it. Why would I stop doing it? And I also can keep making a lot of money.


I think I'll just keep doing it. Especially since I enjoy it. So I don't even think about it, like doing it for the money. I think about, like, I would like to talk to Paul. He's an interesting dude. He lives in the Amazon. Oh, this is my job. I get to talk to Paul. Why would I stop? Yeah. I mean, I would do this for free, but I'm not going to Yeah. But you, Because You, but you're also, you, you've trans, you've, you're in the, You know, you've, you've, you've, you've changed the world of podcasting. You've kind of like flown above that I'm saying. But even for the normal guy at a business first. Yeah. But all that by accident. I know, But I'm saying a normal person makes his first 5 million. You know what I mean? Like, people just Don't, no, no, no, no, no. Now I need 30 million. No, you need more. You need more Because you got a mortgage, you got this, you got that. What if your kids go to college? Also, your money's not gonna be worth as much 'cause of inflation.


And what if you're, oh God, if you invest in this fucking hedge fund and this and that, and this goes under, or what if you're an idiot and you invest in NFTs? Yeah. Or Bitcoin. I know a dude who just lost a Shit Load of money in crypto coin. Like, you get nutty. You think it's free money. Yeah. And like, no, it's some kind of crazy thing that's going on where you got fake money, some weird created money. Yeah. And you just spent a lot of real money to buy some of this weird, like, fucking imaginary money. Speaking of it's digital money. Do you wanna buy a a what was, what were those things, those fake pictures that people bought for a While? NFTs. Yeah. That was, what was that?


What was That about That? What was that? That Was crazy, bro. And they sold for millions of dollars. I know a dude who made, he got Rich. He was an artist. Yeah. But then he got rich selling NFTs. Yeah. Yeah. In the beginning when everyone was like frothy with it, It sold and then they dropped to nothing. So I, I always have all these people coming up to me and they're like, oh man, you, You know, you're trying to raise money for the rainforest. And they're like, you need, you need to get into the NFT market. And so, like, I almost got got by the NFT people. Yeah. No, I, I've had multiple occasions where I've been asked to do things for NFTs and I've been asked to do things with crypto and I was like, I don't even know what it is. So how the fuck away am I gonna do? How am I gonna endorse? Like, I won't endorse something unless it's a product that I've, I've used or make sense.


Or they can explain to me, oh, this is how it works. Like, okay, it makes sense. But if you're doing something like an NFT, like Jamie tried to explain it to me like six or seven times. Yeah. And I was like, okay, but you have it on your phone. Right. So I can take a screenshot and I have it on my phone too. Yeah. No, but you don't own it. Okay. What does that mean? I have this, I have the same thing. You have, I have the exact same experience. Never had any of having this Million dollar Yacht Ape. Is that what it was called? No, That was the Bored Ape. What was the Bored Ape? What was the Apes? It's Just a fucking cartoon picture of a monkey. What are they called though? Yeah. Was it yacht apes or Bored Apes was, there was like one that a lot of people were buying. And I was like, what the fuck are you paying money for?


This is crazy. It's called the Bored Ape Yacht Club. Oh, that's what Bored Ape Yacht club. Bored ape Bored ape Show, show an image of what these fucking things are. And what was the most expensive one that went for, by the way? That's an NFT. Okay. That thing. Yeah. But that's, that's a whole gigantic different pro. Yeah. That's Elon Musk. That's Board apes. Okay. Did it just change color? 'cause we talked About it. Yeah. That thing. No, that thing is, does it know that's like a digital piece of art. Like that's a completely different thing. So You have to plug it in. Yeah. But that thing was a gift from an artist. What the fuck's his name? I forgot his name real quick.


Bele. Oh yeah, I've heard This name. People heard his name. But beeps, he puts up digital art every fucking day. So when you, he has like a gallery and you go there and there's these giant digital art. It's like those kind of NFTs make sense? This thing is like a shit cartoon. And how much did they go for? I mean, at the top. I, so those numbers at the bottom right there are showing that would be like, I think it's Ether. So 111 Ether would be the price. That's 3000 a coin right now. So it'd be 300 grand, but 300 grand. It said it was sold at 769. That would've been But you million. So it, So it was sold it 769. So it was sold at close to a million dollars.


And what is that? That's getting into the screenshot thing is a tough thing. 'cause it's like you own a car, but me having a picture of your car on my phone doesn't mean I own your Car. Yeah. But you don't understand what I just said earlier. I know, I know. I said it's the exact same experience. Yeah, I know. The experience of having it on your phone is very different than the experience of you having a picture of my car. The Same with any art, then you, that's just the argument for art. Then. I, No, It is a bad example. Card's a bad example. But Mona, Lisa, I, I can look at the Mona Lisa on my phone all day long. I don't own it. Right. But there's a big difference between owning the Mona Lisa on your phone. So like, the Mona Lisa was only on a phone and you could just screenshot it and you would also have the exact same experience of the Mona Lisa. The difference in the physical Mona Lisa is it's hundreds of years old. Right. And it's paid by a master.


I'm Not, I you don't just own it on your phone. Is this sort of the thought. But you do, Where Do you own it then? But the thing is, you can replicate Your phone's an access point to where you do own it. That's like saying your bank account, You know, Like it is only on your phone, but it's not, I hear what you're saying, but it's not the same because there's no real value in that. NFT. It's fake. Like it, the experience of having it is no different. I agree. It's not like, I mean, I get that you're saying that it's money. Look, I'm into it and you're gonna trade it as money. I am. I agree with everything you're saying. As someone that is invested in this stuff. And I'm like, I'm getting into Sports. How much did you waste? How much did you waste? I didn't waste any, 'cause I, I was getting stuff when it was, You're gonna hit a nerve Or whatever, You know, like I, I bought it at the right time. I could have sold it and made a bunch of money, But I did not, I would've had to pay taxes and all that money too.


Right. Which I don know people are doing or did and all that stuff. Oh, it's also kooky. The thing I was gonna bring up is I'm in the sports cards now. Those are, why is that stuff worth money? Well, Because they're original. Your hand physical things. And then they're also like, have serial numbers on 'em. I guess if you had a fake one, that's Where you don't know if anyone's faking it. But the thing is, the real ones, you're also getting like a little piece of history. Like this, maybe this, this arrowhead. If somebody made this arrowhead and I didn't know, because guys do make arrowheads. There's a lot of modern day people that make arrowheads. But this one was found at a friend of mine's ranch. I have a, a bunch of these. I have a, a few of them at home. They're, they're fucking amazing. 'cause these are like little windows into a, a time in history That was not that long ago.


That was right here. And they're all over The place. And somebody made That, somebody made that. And it took a long ass time. And then they had to make the rods for the arrows. They had A, which is not that easy. No, no. It's not like if we went out in the forest right now, we said, let's find a perfectly straight stick. Well, not only that, you have to use sinew to make the string for your bow. Yeah. You have to know what woods to use for the bow. You have to know how to harden those woods. And if you're making a recurve bow now it's, even now you're talking even crazier. That's, That's even if you're just trying to make a simple long Bow. Yeah. A simple long bow Fire. And you, and you have to be accurate with that thing. And so that means you have, you have to have enough arrows Yeah.


To practice with. Yeah. Fire is the same thing. Every time I try and show someone how to make fire, it's like, this is such a process. It's such a process to Get fire started. Yeah. Which is, again, it's so much fun being out in the jungle. 'cause whoever you are, no matter how rich you are, no matter how hot your shit is, you're out in the jungle, you're shitting with the dung bee, just like the Rest of us do. You bring fire starter, You know that stuff that, so like they sell, they have like bricks of this stuff or cords of it. You, you cut off a little bit of a piece of it and then you have a flint and a piece of steel and you knock the two of them together. Like this, the steel is like Yeah, there's those, those rods the fucking Feral rod. Yeah, exactly. That's exactly what it is. Right. And you, you light that stuff And it, it's, it's soaked in chemicals.


It's probably fucking terrible to breathe in. Yeah. But that will keep fire for a long time. Yeah. And you can use it to start fires. Yeah. We don't, we, we, it is gold. Cool. We just, we, I mean usually we just have a lighter with us. But it's, there have been times it's wet. It's the problem. So the only real way, especially in the rainy season, the wood is soaked through. Like, if this was a stick, it's soaked through and through. It's not gonna burn. You have to be very creative. You have to like, put some diesel fuel in a tuna can and make a fire over that. And then let the, let that burn for a little bit So it dries everything out. So it dries Everything out. And then like, even then, it's a very, like, it's not a very enthusiastic fire. Right. It's like, I guess I'll burn if you need me to boy, like you're trying to like hook a pot of beans and it's your last pot of beans and it's all the food you got.


Oh my God. It's a pain in the ass. Things don't wanna burn. But when there's rain, we're Happy. So you never bring like a little buns and burner one of those little camp, those little lightweight ones? No, No, no. And and honestly that's a great idea for expeditions, but what we do, we bring these big propane tanks and just throw it on the boat. And if you can't bring that, then nothing. But like what we have at the camping stores here, where they have like the little ones that go in your backpack, they just don't sell those in the where we go. Right. You know? So like, and you can't bring, bring on a plane bring, Oh, you can't, No, you can't bring a propane tank on a donut plane. Whatever those are. You can't, like, like If you go to sense REI and buy a, whatever those little camp stoves have in them, you can't bring that on a plane.


So is there a place where you could receive packages? We can get it shipped to? Yeah, We could probably get it shipped to Lima and then have it shipped down or whatever else. But I mean, right now we have a system that works. But I, again, to me, this may be me being like a, You know, like a Luddite. But it's like when we're out on expeditions, like to me, I'm, I want everyone's shit off. Like people are like, oh, I have this new device. I can get network anywhere. I'm like, turn it off. That makes sense. Turn it off. This, the thing about this is it helps you boil water jet boils what they call 'em. So it's this little thing. Yeah. It's got a little tank And it lasts for days. Yeah. And you just cook it up when you wanna cook food. You know, you turn it on, you have a little thing with you and freeze dried food and shit. That's what a lot of these guys pack when they go 30 miles deep into the woods, they bring real quick, quick.


Yeah. You can make a coffee if you want to. Yeah. Yeah. I, I brought a guy who used to work at National Geographic on an expedition with me. And it was a couple local guys, me and my friend Mo and him. And we went up this river. And in hindsight he was like, he actually thought we were messing with him. He was like, this can't be what you guys do. He was like, you just have a fucking boat and tents. He was Like, it was, I mean, the bugs, the sand, the brutal, the sun beating. He goes, why don't you have a fucking roof? Do you become accustomed to the bug bites? Yeah. So is it just, you just deal with it? Or does your body develop any kind of an antibody to it or anything To the, to the sand Fly bites. Like me and JJ get bitten and we bleed, but we don't get the, like the, the, the elevated skin like that.


So Your body doesn't react to it anymore. You just don't care. Dude. Wasp bites. I don't even react to bullet an bites anymore dude. I'm on number 11. What are you talking about? I'm talking about like, I just got bit by a bullet an as I was trying to go to bed, I got up to go to bed. I was like doing something with people. I stood up and I know the feeling by now. You just like, oh, there it is again. Bit me right in the foot. I just went to bed. No way. Yeah, They're stopping. It's, it's starting to lose its eff efficacy on me. Wow. Bullet. I didn't know that That was the case. 'cause I saw those tr rites of passage thing that they do. They take these guys the glove and they fill their hand up with bullet ants and they have the bullet ants stuck in the glove. So they can't go anywhere. So they just keep fucking you up.


Yeah. And it's supposed to be some thing that they do that is like a religious experience. It's, it's a, It is a rite of passage. Transcendent passage. It's a rite of passage. So they'll, they'll they'll pair, it's kind of like a bonding thing though. Like, Find a video without James. It's a, it's a fucking mad rite Of passage thing. They'll take like a young man do it to him and then they'll have a girl take care of him afterwards. And it's, and it's like sort of trying, I think trying to encourage them to like pair up. Oh, I knows Steve did it. I saw a video. Of course. Did that Retard. Yeah. Every come I talk to him. I'm like, please stop. Please stop. Don't let people punch you. Please stop. Don't let this happen. Just take care Of yourself. Please stop so much. Yeah. He's he's so banged up. He's such a wild man. Have you ever seen the one when he was in Africa and he climbed at the trees and a lion climbed up the trees with him and pull his hat off.


Yeah. Those are real lions. Well, he's in a like lion lions. I always wanted to ask about that. 'cause he's in a hammock and they have meat hanging from the hammock and there's lions like biting their asses. Yeah. I don't understand him. He looks good. They played keep away with hyena. So he is got it on. He is freaking out. Yeah. Let me hear some volume. Oh yeah. Pass. And the next day Chris's hands looked like Mickey Mouse Idiot. What a fucking psycho Wild Boys was a show. So you, You can get stung by those things now. And I thought it was like my friend Steve got it. And he said it was like 12 hours Yeah. Of excruciating pain. Yeah. And he said he could barely walk.


Yeah. My first one was like that. My first one was like that. I was like out like your your your lymph nodes swell up. You have horrible pain in your body. You have a headache. One bike, one bite, one bite to the arm. And now just do it on purpose. Yeah. Oh Well. 'cause the guys were like, yo, what up? They're like, you think you're tough? Big guy. You down there? I'm big up here. I'm not big down there. They're like, oh, you big guy, huh? Does anybody work out? You're the only guy that works out in the jungle. You're out there doing chin up. And they're like, what the fuck is this guy doing? They think I'm weird. I Mean, I'm Sure they do because I'm in the sun with my shirt off doing pushups, situps pullups doing my, my jungle workout. And they're Like walking by like, What's wrong with gringo loco? Like why does he do this crazy fucker? Yeah. But then I go climb the giant trees and I'm like, all right, listen.


You know, yeah. I mean you wanna come. And they're like, no, But they, so they said, you think you're tough. So they took a bullet ant and, and you play bullet an roulette. You just, You know, so we each, we take a bullet int and I put it on my arm. So it starts walking around. And then you take your arm and we just mash our forearms together and we go like this. Oh Boy. And whoever it stings. Oh boy. It's super fun. It's a great drinking game. Super fun, Dude. You mix that with shots. Sounds really Fun. Awesome. Sounds really fun. It's so much fun. So you were wrecked for how long? About a day and a half. I took it really Bad. That's not fun. That's not fun. I took it really bad. You and I have a different understanding of fun. The excitement of wondering who it's gonna hit is fun. I would rather not know, dude. I don't want to know what that feels like.


See that's my, that, that's different. If it, when I see the wet paint sign, I go, really? I don't, oh. So I go, oh, let's paint somebody painted it. I don't respect that guy's work. No, You can get outta here. I can never. I have to. And with the dumbest things too, Be like, and with the bull, so how many times did you do it voluntarily? Once Did you do that? Okay. Once? No, never More Than once. And every other time after That was just every Other time than that, you're just doing your life. And there's just rating, Pain rating four plus on the Schmidt signing pain index, schmit sting pain index, the highest possible rating. And you could just go to sleep after that causes waves of pain for up to 12 hours after a single sting. No, I being studied for use as in biological insecticides.


Of course it is. Of course. It's paralyzes insects and causes pain in humans affects voltage, gated sodium channels and blocks. Synaptic transmission in this central nervous system. Yo, how many people die? Die from bullet dance? I don't know. But it does feel like something that at the level where you have it as a glove Could kill you. Yeah. Like I, I feel like given, given the intensity that my system felt from one, Do you think that those people have already been stung a couple of times by the time, yeah. Those Kids have grown up being stung. So jj JJ said he didn't have shoes until he was 13. So he grew up walking through the jungle. He said he had his first bullet in ant sting when he was like two years old. Oh my God. Which like as a 2-year-old, that's like being stung in the face by like a wasp, the sizes water pitcher.


Like, oh, Imagine what that feels like if you're a baby, a soft, mushy baby. And that that can just fucks you. And so, so they are experiencing it akin to what you experience now. So when they're putting the glove on, even though it's horrific and it's getting their whole hand and there's a bunch of those bullet ants in there, they're probably much more custom I think that they have, because they've grown up in the jungle. They're most much more custom. But I mean, you're watching Steve-O do it like I would think twice before putting my hand in that glove and not having a hospital nearby. Right. 'cause I would think that you could go, that could be overwhelming to your system. They're very intense.


It's not a joke. Like I could get bit bitten by a bullet ant right now and go, all right, well we're gonna do the rest of our day because I feel Like it. But what you really wanna do is just stop living. 'cause it just hurts Even today. Everywhere. Yes. Even So, it hurts everywhere. So is it that you just accept the pain and you understand what it is and you don't freak out? That's, or is it your pain threshold? Is it, has it lowered? Yeah. Because you've done it a bunch of times. So your body's immune to it. Yes, it has has to lower, it has to lower to the point that you can make the decision to like grit and bear it. You know? 'cause 'cause at first it's so bad that you walk around going, Wow. Wow. And you're like, wait, okay, if I walk, I'm in pain.


If I lay down, I'm in more pain. If I, there's nothing you can do. Right. There's nothing you can do. You're Just fucked. And so now have fever, it's Different. And now I'm like, man, God damnit. And I'm like, well, let's go do what we're gonna do anyway. I'm just gonna be In bad mood. So it a wasp thing to a normal Person. Yeah. And so now a wasp thing to me, like I'll just catch a wasp now. 'cause like I was like, You know, like I come home and I see people like running from a yellow jacket and I'm like, I'll just like grab it with my hand, let it Stick. We were talking about this yesterday. I genuinely think that people must feel pain differently. Yes. And it makes sense. Yeah. That some people just, I, I don't even think it's a tolerance thing. I think it feels different. I think that's sort of like the same thing with spicy food and there's a bunch of different things like that.


Cold water. There's things that people can tolerate. And it seems like they're not just being tougher. No. Like, it's not as hard for them. Like there's a Yeah. You know, maybe they're, yeah. Ancestry evolved around being in pain all the time. They got accustomed To it. This physical makeup dude, my, my friend Noel, my childhood best friend, we, he, he always calls me, he goes, dude, do you wanna go surfing in Montauk? And I go, bro, it's February. It's fucking February. There's gonna be ice on the water. And he's like, yeah, but the swell is awesome. Well wear wetsuits. So one time I tried it with him, I will never do it again. So You ever, are your hands in a wetsuit or no? No. Oh boy. You have booties boots on. But it's, oh boy. So fucking, every time a wave wash is over you, it goes flying down your back. Of course you're in ice cold water.


And yes. The waves are incredible. I don't care. And you can't breathe. Right. I mean it's so, it's, it's like, I mean, you do the cold plunge all the time and it's like, yeah, But I'm not moving. And You're not out there for four hours. Exactly. And you're not sitting on your board waiting, waiting for a Wave to come. And I'm trying to balance my cold ass knees. But, But so to me, I look at Nolan and I go, shit. Either he's way tougher than I am. Or he just is predisposed to not really giving a shit about cold water. I Hate cold water. Or is it could be that. But it or is it could be. You get acclimated, you get accustomed. 'cause we were talking about people. Yeah. We adjust to our environments. We adjust to all kinds of different things. You probably get accustomed to that experience and the rush of riding those waves.


Yeah. Is, and it's also, there's a thing about being a badass, putting that wetsuit on and Well that's, it gets the ocean. Yeah. That's Where it gets me. Where, where it goes. No, I'm gonna make myself do it. Yeah. That, that, that's where I get myself on it. Where it's like there is a certain satisfaction to going. Yeah, take it. Take another frozen wave. If you're Warm in your house and you looking outside and it's fucking snowing and there's ice on the ground and you're looking at your wetsuit. Yeah. And you're warm. You're warm. Ah, you're drinking soup, warm coffee. You know you got some chicken noodle soup. Oh. Oh, you're just so warm. And you're watching television. Why would I go to the ocean? Okay, good. Moot 90. Are you Guys really gonna go? Let's not go. You sure you wanna go? Come on pussy. We're gonna go. And the guy comes back with fucking icicles in his beard and shit.


Yeah. Yeah. There's a, the, and we admire those people. Well, You, you fucking savage. You, you said you wake up cold and go and you're cold plunge. That's not that hard. That's terrible. It is not that hard to Wake up cold and not do any push pushups or something. It sucks. Yeah. If you told me you worked up a sweat first No. I would say okay fine. I do it sometimes after the sauna, but then I always finish on the cold. Yeah. But that feels good. I always, if I do that, I never go cold sauna, heat up and then go outside. I go sauna, cold sauna always end on cold. So you always freeze your dick off at the end. Oh God. I just wake up. But it's not that hard. It minutes just wake up. If you count slowly to 10, two times it's three minutes.


That's what I've found. So I just count slowly to 10 for three minutes and that's it. I respectfully disagree with you. I think this is one of those things where you, you have found that this is a way for you to sort of flex for yourself and you've gotten used to it and you've come up with a system. I would never, I just, there's certain things I just don't want to do. Yeah. It sucks Dude. I don't wanna do that. I don't wanna do it every day. Every day. I don't wanna do it. But I tell myself, shut the fuck up pussy. Pick up the lid. Yes. Put it down. Climb in. Yep. You know you're climbing in. Yep. Stop. Set your, oh, I do wanna say Garmin, your new Phoenix eight watch Garmin shuts off when you get in the cold plunge. No.


So this is a phoenix. I have a Phoenix eight and I have a Phoenix seven. They're awesome. I love these things. But the Phoenix seven I have to wear when I do the cold plunge. So if I work out with that one. But this one has a better heart sensor. Yeah. This one, this one's just better overall The eight. But it sucks that if you go in cold water, it doesn't even make any sense. Like how did you go backwards? The old one, you go into cold water and nothing happens underwater operating temperature range zero to 40. Yeah. That's not true. So Google this Phoenix eight shutting off cold plunge. Google that. Trust me. I looked it up online. It's not just me.


Yeah. See, watch turns off and reboots in cold water. Yeah. That's what everybody notices. So if I'm in the water for five seconds, it shuts off. Damn. Yeah. So they're apparently gonna fix that. They think it's a, I hope it's a software issue. They Better fix it now. But the crazy thing is they have a dive feature on this watch. So if you're swimming and you're diving and you're in cold water, it's gonna shut off. That could, I mean, if you're down there and you're like, how much time do I got on this tank? Exactly. But you, you can't have your watch turned Off. Right. And if you get down to depths and it's below 40 degrees, it's probably gonna shut off. I don't even know what temperature it shuts off. But people have done it in cold water. So they've taken a glass of cold water and dropped the watch in cold water And it shuts off.


Hmm. Not good Garmin. It's just not good that you just released this thing and didn't know and didn't check it. Or how did you not check for cold plunges when you, you gotta dive function on the watch. Interesting. Yeah. So apparently they think they could fix it with software, which I hope is True. Well that would be good. But the seven works, that just doesn't make any sense. I've never had a problem with the seven. I put the seven on in the sauna, I put it on the cold. Never have a problem with it. Yeah. Well I'm like that watch cold kryptonite. The message Boards say it's a software issue and you can fix it by putting it in beta if You know how to do that. Right. But beta disables the dive function. Woof. Yeah. So the beta that they put out, it disables the dive function.


I think there, there's some talk of another workaround like maybe shutting off the touch screen that maybe that would help. But the problem is, it's like you have a watch that everybody's used to coal plunging in. They're used to jumping in the ocean in, they're used to doing stuff in and then the new one doesn't let you do it. That's, you can't release that. You've gotta fix that before you, you didn't have to sell it yesterday. Yeah, you could have, I mean, it just came out like in I think September I took, I ordered one, it took a while to get there. I was all excited. And then first cold pl I'm like, what in the fuck? That's a wolf tooth? That's A wolf tooth. Yeah. Nice. You gotta, I forget who gave me that one. Yeah. I got a lot of shit here man.


From cool stuff that people have given me. But You know, it's the, the having things like that, like a, a watch that does GPS like this watch has maps on it. Yeah. Shows you your elevation. You can get a lot of information off of these things and you could track waypoint on 'em. And I always use a thing called Onyx Hunt as well. And OnX Hunt is a software app. You download maps for the specific regions and you can hit a Track And it goes on there Function And it goes there. No it doesn't. I bet it can. I don't know how to do it. I don't do it if It's on your phone. I just do it on my phone. I use this mostly for elevation. You can use GPS on it, but it will drain your battery a lot quicker. 'cause if you don't use the g if I don't use the GPS function, this thing will go like 30 plus days with Without charging.


Without charging, yeah. And monitoring your heart rate. Doing all kinds of different shit. It, it's a flashlight. It's built in A flashlight. Yeah. Look at that. A flashlight built in. It's nuts. So if you're out in the woods and you don't have a flashlight, it's LED flashlight And it lasts for fucking ever. That's cool because it's LED because it doesn't draw a lot of power. These fucking things are incredible. But this new one, yeah. You guys fucked up. But having those things, like do you bring an inReach or anything? Well, I mean, 'cause we also do tourism. We bring, You know, we bring out a SAT phone. But now dude, now Starlink right now at my, at our base at the tree house and at our research station, we have two different star links.


So we have better internet there than I have in the Hudson Valley in New York. Dude, I can, dude. Isn't that incredible? It is, it is. It's absolutely incredible. Like it really is amazing. It's, it's amazing how small. It's Too, you can also take it and put it on a boat if you need to. Yeah. So like, So I, I finally let, like Lex broke me down on this. I finally started a YouTube channel and it's like I'm gonna start bringing people on all kinds of shit. 'cause now I can just stream it from there. Right. Fuck TV cruises. You could have it. I'm gonna take people on night walks on the Roof of your car as you're driving around in the jungle. Yeah. Well hopefully there's no roads. But I wanna take people like, I could literally Put it on your backpack. I could put it on my backpack. Yeah. Yeah. You could probably could literally have it flat on the top of your pack Yep.


And walk around at least catch some signal. Catch some signal. Or You know, for the boat, like if we go, look, we're gonna be going four hours up river and we know that there's an invasion and we're going with the police to go check out these loggers. There's gonna be some fucking action going down. Throw the starlink on the boat. I could live stream that and take people with me. Whoa. Yeah. Or now. So we, a few weeks ago I sent you that picture. That huge anaconda. Yeah. The one with the blue eyes. Yeah. And we've been working slowly on breaking the, the, the 20 foot mark. That one was 19 something. And so we've been working more and more on the Anaconda project and my guys. And You know, like when you, when you, You know, you have your people with elk hunting where they go, dude, I, I saw an elk that like insert people you trust my guys, they went, we found one that's over seven meters and they haven't caught it yet.


Whoa. You're talking over 21 feet. So we've broken 19. Right. And so we're gonna be going out for that. And so that's the type of thing where I'm going Imagine bringing people. 'cause I, after our first show, the comments were hysterical. Where people going, this guy's full of shit. Like absolutely hysterical. Like people were Just going about the anacondas in Particular about everything we talked about. Oh, That's funny. Like the internet was just like, great show. There's so much guy Of shit documentation of it. I know. I know. But All they have to do is go to your page. They were like, oh, This guy really is there. Some of them Were really funny. I laugh at a lot of the comments. They were like, oh, I'll take that never fucking happened for 300. Alex. Like, You know, it's like, okay, great. Well people always wanna say that. People always wanna say that.


But, but, but now it's like, now we can fucking live stream this Shit. Right. And we go jump on a snake with a head this big. So we're putting together an expedition to do this now. And it's, it's, it's, it's gonna be fun. So In these areas that you do, that you go to, have they ever done any of those lidar explorations of it where they fly drones over to try to map out if there was some ancient structures in these areas? Yeah. So we talk to the local people and they find the, the terra preta earth and the, and the pottery in the areas that it's, so usually the places that it is, and we kind of talked about this, that gra like, You know, the Graham Graham Hancock Hancock. Yeah. I always wanna say Graham Watkins, Graham Hancock.


I think that on the Amazon proper, I think there was a lot of civilizations out in the tributaries where I am. It's very rare to come across those things, those ancient civilizations. So those people, the uncontacted tribes out in the tributaries, they're probably living the way they've been living for thousands and thousands and thousands of Years. So my book publisher, it was so funny, I got, I got kind of like, I was writing something and I said something about these Stone age warriors, what this guy must have seen as these stone age warriors came and murdered him with arrows. And they were like, how dare you call them Stone age warriors? And I went, what? They don't even have stones. So first of all Right, they're really stick age. Did I, yeah. Did I just get woked for So dumb?


Is stone age a bad thing to say? But, But I mean, it's not very often that you come into that problem. 'cause we wouldn't call most normal people Stone age people. Well, The Native Americans were essentially stone aged. Well He uses it in Empire of the Summer moon. He goes, well these Stone Age warriors are da da da. And I was like, well these are pretty much stone age people. And So I, I wrote it and I basically got told like, Hey, don't say that. God, how weird is that? Yeah. I also lost a book deal because I retweeted that Elon Musk liked our tree house. But So you lost a book deal? Yeah, We had an amazing meeting with like all the people. This lady was like, You know, like the Devil Wears Prada, like Meryl Streep. Like, she was like the big head honcho at one of the major publishers. And they were like, dude, your next book is going to kill. She had like 20 other people on this zoom call.


We had like an hour long thing we talked about you. She was like, and how close are you with Joe Rogan? And I was like, I was like, we're bros. And then, and then they were like, well, You know, either way it was going really good. And I'm thinking liberals, I was thinking I was gonna get a life changing amount of money. I was thinking I was gonna get like a million dollar book deal. And that got confirmed through a bunch of avenues that it was a big one. And then, and and, and they were very impressed with Lex. They love Lex. And she was like, you have Lex Friedman in the Amazon. I said, he's right over there. And I was like, on the phone on starlink talking to this publisher. And she's like, so your next book is gonna tell the whole stars saying, yeah. And then that week Elon tweeted, cool, Treehouse.


Now when the greatest inventor of your generation tweet some anything that you did, you share it. So I shared it. The publisher got back and went, not only are we not even, we're just not making an offer anymore. Wow. They don't like the type of people that I associate with. Just you retweeting that. You sure it wasn't me? No, it was him. No, they vetted you. They were like, how close are you with him? And I was like, listen to me. He's the fucking nicest guy in the world. I was like, you can't, I was like, and they were like, would he write a a forward for your book? And I was like, I don't, I was like, I think like I need like a more like a Harrison Ford to do that. Like, I don't know, like joke, do it. But I was like, I like, I think we need like a less Poet.


You know, they just want like famous People. They just that that that's all they were doing. That's all they were doing. Famous People. Famous people to say you're awesome. But, But, but as soon as Elon's name came into the mix, I didn't know this. That's crazy. I was unaware of this that Elon has people that hate him. Hate him. I didn't Know that. Well it's a lot of propaganda that really works. And a lot of it is what happened when he took over Twitter. So you have to look at it from like, what, what really happened? Was there real outrage when he took over Twitter? Yes. Yes. There was real outrage. But I firmly believe there's manufactured outrage that's done in a very directed manner. And I think he was most certainly the victim of that as well.


And then there was a narrative that continued to get pushed. Like hate speech on X hate speech. You know That he's promoting it. Yes. That antisemitism, that racism, that all this stuff is up. Well if you allow people to just speak freely, you're going to have that. Yeah. You're going to have that. But you can always like not look at that. Yeah. But you're also gonna have many more good things too. And the point was, what he really exposed was that the FBI was involved in suppressing the Hunter Biden laptop story. And that these journalists who studied the Twitter files, Matt TBI and Michael Shellenberger and Barry Weiss and all these different people that went over these documents found that, hey, there's something very inappropriate happening where the government is getting these social media companies to take down true stories and to sign off and say that it's Russian disinformation.


And Elon confirmed this And Elon confirmed this. Yeah. So that's when he became very dangerous to them. And so then the narrative of Elon being a white supremacist and Elon being, You know, but then the thing that happens also is he will tweet wacky shit and then he will retweet wacky shit that turns out to not be true and all that they attack And it builds up and you get a distorted perception of his value in our culture, in our society. And he's one of the greatest inventors the world's ever known. One of the greatest engineers we have alive. Yeah. And he's involved in multiple different industries and he's changing those multiple industries in, in incredible ways.


What they've done with space travel with SpaceX where these fucking rockets can land now. Yeah. What they've done with these starlink things that we're talking about. Incredible. What the he, if it wasn't for Tesla and electric cars, do you really think there'd be as many electric cars as there are today? Wouldn't even be close. You wouldn't have Governor Newsom saying that California has to be all electric by 2035. 'cause no one would be making electric fucking cars like that. There's a documentary from early two thousands, it's called Who Killed the Electric Car? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I saw that in college. Yeah. Fascinating. You want some coffee? Yeah. Fascinating documentary. And if it wasn't for Elon and making Tesla's awesome, you wouldn't have all these fucking electric car companies.


And he makes everything open source. Okay. And that's all fine. But my problem is people that take the guy who's trying to save the butterflies and the monkeys Yeah. And kick me out for That. For naughty. I've never even met the guy, Dude. It's akin to being a Nazi. So I So I have to pretend it's to not like him. Right, exactly. To align with their worldview. It's what I was talking about with Hollywood when I was talking about how people start making money and they start like being very careful about what they say. 'cause they're worried about it's gonna go away. You also realize there are consequences like what you experienced. So those are real. That's my first time. So that's it. Yeah. And, and so minor. Right. So that is how you get people to stay in line. That's how you get people to Didn't like that.


Only think the way they think and then you start reinforcing it in yourself. And you start wearing pearls and doing all kinds of wacky shit Because you want them to like you, you want 'em to think they're one. You're one of them. No, that, That was really creepy. 'cause You know, I mean, I live in the jungle, but like I hear about all this stuff, But I don't know like who the players are and what the, what the temperature is and the room. And so you just Thought it was cool that the guy said, you have a cool tree house. I was like, dude, he's like one of the coolest guys ever. If This guy goes to fucking Mars, a a a a, a historically relevant inventor said something I did was cool, great. You share it, You know, And it Cost you a million bucks. Yeah. This Is the world we're living in. And that, that's why And it's primarily, primarily the left.


That's that wacky. Yeah. Like if Bernie Sanders had said Cool Treehouse and you retweeted That, right. It would've been fine. Everybody would've loved you. You would've been fine. And the right wouldn't have attacked you. No, They wouldn't have cared. They wouldn't have been upset. You wouldn't have lost businesses Like it. No one from the right would've like not given you a book deal Because you Bernie said nice tree house. And you're like, thanks, cool. No, And it Could retweeted, no one would care. It Could have been Obama, it could have been anything. I mean the, by the way, That was so super cool. I loved it. You, you, my friend sent me, my friend Connor sent me a clip where you were telling one of your guests about me. And So I shared it. But it was like the first time that I shared a clip where it was like really just you talking on my Instagram and the comments were berserk.


I didn't realize you were such a polarizing person, Joe. It's the same thing. It's the same thing. It's a distorted perception of who you are by people that have very low level information. They have surface information and they've decided that you're an alt-right. This, or there's been many, many articles written about me being like some fringe right wing person, which I'm not at all. No, no. But if they say it enough times, the people that have low information, they believe it. Well, But, but this is where, this is where I'm interested in when you say like, okay, and this is like the, the shit that's going on in Israel, the hysteria that everyone's feeling. You're either a good guy or a bad guy. Right. Elon's good. If you like Elon, you're a bad, I just want to see everybody start to calm down.


I just wanna see the adults be running the room again. I think that Oh, that sounds cute. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Pre pre nine 11. I'm sorry. When I was a kid. And let's just like, we'll go back to like, I was in eighth grade and nine 11. Somehow back then it seemed like, I know there's still corruption and there's a lot of fuckery going around on, but somehow things have gotten more off the rails with this, this stuff where it's like, yeah. You know, remember the, the, the, the Obama Romney debate where they're like, yo man, what's up? And they're like, we disagree, but we agree. Like we're both gentlemen here. Like, come on. Yes. Come on. Super Cord. Yes. It's very nice. Yeah. And so like, I think, I think that what I've seen in the last few months or in the last year was that, is that a lot of people, again, I'm really speaking from my perspective here and I'm just kind of hoping that this is the case for the rest of the world.


That people are chilling the fuck out And some people are waking up and realizing how stupid it is and how most of the problems that we have are bullshit. Yeah. In terms of problems we have with each other. But then the next thing is, is then, then we can actually start focusing on, if we're not hysterical and we're not doing all this crazy shit, then we can actually start focusing on, okay, well look, how do we fix things in the Congo? How do we fix things in the Africa? How do we in in the Amazon? Like how do we pragmatically fix things so that the American food system is better and everyone benefits and stop fucking arguing over It. Yeah. And to realize that this is not a right wing or a left wing issue. That's It Is a human, no, That's, that's human health issue. A very unhealthy way to argue. And also like real charitable organizations, like real ones like what you're doing, Like it, it's actually helping things.


It's actually designed to help. It's not designed as some sort of a front to make to cover money. And as a tax shelter, it's, and You know, there's a lot of philanthropy that that's good. Yeah. A lot of it. Yes. A lot of it. But then there's also a lot of philanthropy that's not really philanthropy. Yeah. It's like Posturing It's money. Sure. It's, you're making money with this philanthropy you've got. Wow. Well That's economic. Well that's The thing. So now that I have an ngo, we went and looked up all the other NGOs and like a lot of the NGOs, their CEOs are making $500,000 a year, like, like big paychecks. Yeah. So, and that's where I do think it's, You know, gets Weird.


It Gets really weird. But I think also that what I told the, the first story I told you about, like when, how we, we saved the ancient forest. It's like, I think what we've done that's very exciting, that we're feeling this swell, we're kind of riding this wave right now, is because the, the, the guy with four kids, or, You know, we had classically, I had this mom in Ohio message me and she was like, I have two kids. I show them your Instagram. I love what we do. We give you $5 a month, And it's like $5 a month from enough people and we save the whole fucking Amazon. Yeah. And not to mention that, then people like Dax de Silva from Lightspeed reach out and he's like, look man, I won capitalism. I'm gonna fund your whole Ranger team. And it's like, people are reaching Out. That's amazing. And so we, and so I'm surrounded by all these incredible people that, that want to do good.


Right? I got approached by those dudes that beat Vivo Barefoot, shout out to Vivo Barefoot David Grapes. I use their stuff all the time. So they, they're my first sponsor. That's great. They, they reached out to me. They make great shit. Well, I also, I hate hiking boots. Right? Those Barefoot hiking boots are legit. The ones they make, they're legit. Well, I like theirs. I hate hiking boots that are constrictive. So they reached out and this is the cool thing. They went, You know, are you interested? It what? But, but it was like, only if you check out, they were like, are you good? Are you sustainable? Are you this? And I was like, I run a fucking rainforest organization. And they were like, because, and these guys care so much about their shoe and about how people wear it and about where it's used in the materials. And I just read Yvonne Cho Bernard's book, let My People Go Surfing with the guy who started Patagonia.


Mm. Dude. He, I mean, he just worships rivers and mountains and, and, and they started making this stuff. And I just, I just think, I just think we're on this cusp of that. We still can save a lot of the endangered species. I mean, I'm, I'm living miracles every day. I'm like, I'm like watching us draw in this map of protecting the Amazon. And when you're one third, you're like, we're gonna do it. And so it's like, I just, I just think that, that as people, I, I got really scared when I got woke. That Elon Musk thing was so weird. I was like, we all gotta just take it down. I got woke, I got woke attacked right in the face, And it, I got dick left. And It's such an innocuous thing you did. It's so funny. But that's like, wrong think, wrong speak.


You're not allowed to like this guy. Well, that's the thing. Who am I allowed to? Like That's, it doesn't, none of it makes any sense. It doesn't make any sense. It's, I Gotta stay in the jungle, man. People Are scary. Are just so polarized. And it's also, you have to realize that the pressure Yeah. That they're under is not from that many people. Yeah. It's like the commenters on Instagram, unfortunately. Yeah. The reality is most people comment on things all the time or morons and they're not happy. They're unhappy morons. Yeah. So it's a bad sample group. Right? Sure. So you're getting a lot of people that are making comments, but people, if they're commenting, they co I would like to know like what percentage of comments and just overall if the internet, if anybody's ever done this analysis are positive versus negative. I would have to say it's probably at least 50 50.


Yeah. I would say it's 50 50. Again, I think I'm jaded though because when I look at, like, I look at, if I look at the YouTube comments on a Lex podcast, all the comments are like, thank you Lex, for having this important conversation with this amazing Person. Lex fans, Lexus fans. Lexus Fans. Fans are great. Yeah. Every, I mean every, I don't know a lot of the support that I get online, I very, people tell me I look like the lead singer of system of A down. Other than that, there's little nothing negative. Yeah. Right. Little bit Middle Eastern features. I don, Hey man, sir Jenkin's a fucking hero. He's a Dope dude. I would love that guy. Yeah. He's awesome. I listen to his music every day. If you Are, yeah. If you're getting compared, that's a good guy to get compared to. But this, this polarization, it's just like, there's a bunch of people that feed into it and they attack people because they know that the people that are on their side are like, yeah, you're one of the good guys.


And so there's that weird shit where you got a lot of really weak people and mentally ill people that like attacking people. And that's a lot of what it is. It's a lot, a lot of people that lack nuance and understanding. But don't you think it's coming back? Don't you think we hit a peak? Yeah. And now it's starting to come back. Yeah. Because Those people are kind of being exposed for what they really are. They're very damaged human beings. Sure. Like the people that attack people all the time, they're all fucked up. All of them. 100%. Because why would you, you only have so much energy in your day. Why, why are you spending it getting mad at some guy? Because you retweeted the greatest genius of our generation, said nice treehouse. That's fucking ridiculous. It's a ridiculous thing to get angry about. I'll tell you, one of the conversations I heard recently was, this is like such a simple point, but someone I know was going, You know how, and I, I, forgive me, I don't understand these issues.


He was going, You know, how dare they make a mandatory minimum wage? They were gonna raise the minimum wage or whatever else. I was watching two people, right? One guy was passionately going off about this and he was, I think a Republican. My other friend was sitting there And it was such a great thing that he did. He went, that is, he goes, I 100% disagree with you. He goes, but could you explain to me why you think what you think? And they had this amazing conversation where they just debated. Yeah, that's Great. And it was with respect. And I was like, oh fuck. Cool. I, I watched it Like it was a podcast. 'cause I don't know who, I don't know any of this shit anyway, So I was just like, I don't know. So it's a complicated issue. It's about restaurants and places that operate at the margins. They're, they're very close to going under all the time. And you can get cheap unskilled labor from like young kids Yeah.


And high school students and people getting first jobs. Mm. And that's how they operate. And when you say no, you have to pay a living wage to everybody who works. They're like, okay, now this is a lot less money As a business owner. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And but I mean, but the, the point was though, that, that they were able to completely disagree and go, I completely fucking disagree with you. No, it's, and there's, It was fine. It's great when people can do that. I love that. I think that's great when people don't attach themselves to the ideas. That's the problem is almost every man that I know has a hard time. Women do it too. But for men, it's like a dick swinging thing where they have a hard time not being attached to an idea. Like, if they have espoused an idea, if they believe an idea and they're arguing that idea, that idea is a part of them.


Yeah. And they'll even lie and, and fuck around with things. Yeah. And like half truths to try to make their point, make a little, You know, they'll do bad faith arguments. You see it on podcasts all the time when people make bad faith arguments about political issues. And you're like, oh God, now I'm never gonna listen to you again. 'cause I know you do this thing that's a gross thing that you don't have to do anymore because we live in the internet now. Like, you don't have to do that gross thing you do where you pretend you're right about something so that you can win this argument. That's a stupid persons way of talking. If, If you're, if you're, if you're debating honestly, you sh you could in many situations be happy to be proven wrong. Yeah. You should Be with my friends. If I say there's absolutely no way you can lift that fucking thing and you do it.


I'm like, I was wrong. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, I'm stoked you just did that. Well Also, it's like, like you're not your ideas. I say this all the time. Yeah. But it's a really important thing for people to recognize and to people have it in your head. You are not your ideas. You are you and these ideas, they come and they go and you agree with them or you disagree with 'em. And sometimes you're gonna agree with an idea and then a few years later you're gonna have some life experiences or talk to some people that would make you look at things differently. And you go, You know what? I used to think this, But I don't think this anymore. And here's why. Yeah. And you have to be very cognizant that your ideas can capture you. And then you can be like, so many people are captured by the way, they want people to think of them.


This is a very Hollywood thing. They want people to think of them in a very specific way. So they'll say the things that they've heard other people say who are accepted, and they'll talk in a certain way. You know, you, you get, that's where you get accents from. That's also where you get uptalk. You know what uptalk is. So when you do this thing, and so when we build these infrastructures, what we're trying to do, so someone talked like that and a group of people talked like that. And to get in with that group, you had to kind of talk like, talk like that. So you let him, oh, Paul is a really good guy. So what Paul's doing is quite amazing. Paul goes to the Amazon and he's in the rainforest, You know, and so they're talking stupid Valley girl.


But this is a thing that they do to let everyone know that they're on the teaming. It's a very tribal thing. Interesting. It's, it's almost like another language. And these tribal things that we do, we're we are, we attach them to everything. Yeah. We attach them to religion, we attach them to technology. Even health. We attach 'em to ideologies. And if you don't, if I can't trust you, if you're retweet Elon Musk, don't You know, he's the devil. You know, if you're, you're hanging out with Joe Rogan. Oh my God. He's a piece of shit. Like, these people have these like Yeah. Little religious ideas in their head that you can't eat pork. You can't violate this. It's Sunday motherfucker. Why are the lights on? They have these weird laws. Yeah. In, in their head.


They attach 'em to everything. Man. People have like a place in their mind for religion. And if you do not have religion in your life, you will take social issues and you will treat them with the same fervor, the same fucking fever pitch that people treat religion. Mm. That people who are, You know, evangelical Christians, the people who are, You know, fucking snake handlers. Yeah. You'll, you'll do that with your thing. And if your thing is trans kids Yeah. Or whatever your fucking thing is, no oil. Now, whatever your fucking thing is, it becomes a religion. 'cause you don't have religion. And the human mind is set up in a way that you need some sort of divine structure. You need something that's bigger than logic, bigger than all of us.


And people will apply those things wherever they see fit. Yeah. You can join a cult and that's a whole different thing. Oh, we're different. And we do yoga and this is our life all fuck each other. Yeah. We all fuck each other. I mean, but, but then there's casualties. Like, then Kevin Hart doesn't get to do the fucking Oscars. Yeah. But Kevin Hart shouldn't do the Oscars. Fuck the Oscars S You Shouldn't have, you wouldn't wanted to do the I Those things are gross. And what they are is you're having a, a contest for art. And I think that's gross. I get it. That it helps your movie sell. Sure. And if it's an Oscar Academy Award winner, and I get that people are celebrated for great work. I get all that. It, it's awesome. Yeah. I get it's a sell, but it's also gross, You know, and when it was revealed to be gross was when Chris Rock was on stage and Will Smith slapped him.


And then a few minutes later, will Smith wins an Academy Award and they give him a standing ovation. Okay. After you just assaulted a guy in front of her. It just shows you there's no ethical moral structure to the way these people are living their lives. They're living their life by the whim of what the crowd agrees with. But That's also like group hypnosis. Yes. Like if you, if if that happened in any other situation, like everyone was just like, we don't really know what to do. You know, like you just Keep going. Well, it's also they're afraid of being racist. So they don't want us to, two black eyes are duking it out. Can't get all, I can't get involved in this. I, this is not my thing. I don't know what to do. I'm gay. And it like, they're just, just sitting there watching this take place and then they're clapping for him and standing up when he wins the Academy Award.


And so the rest of the world, unbeknownst to them, had already cast their judgment. Yes. The rest of the world's like, are you outta your fucking mind? Yeah. This is insane. And so then they're like, oh my God, the rest of the world think we're outta our fucking mind Because you are outta your fucking mind. You guys are all in a Cult. Like, no, but, but see, that's what I mean about adults. Nobody else walked on stage and just went, all right, everybody we're taking five minutes out. Right. You get the fuck over in the corner. Right. You stop. Are you okay? Okay, great. There's no one we're gonna commercial. Grabbed him immediately. Escorted him outta the building. Everyone Just awkwardly continued on with the night. It was not, and he awkwardly continued on with his set. You did great. Not really. No, no, no, no. Chris Rock right after that, he was all fucked up. Like his jokes that he, they were flat.


Everybody was like, you just got slapped. Like, this is crazy. But That, I don't think That was his fault. I think That was because, well, It's totally not his fault. He just got slapped. I I thought he did an incredibly classy job of just being like, well sure, I'm gonna do the best I can and do my job as a Professional. He did that. But he, he went back on with the script, which is just insane. But the good thing about that is then Chris Rock really became Chris Rock again. Yo. Like he's, he didn't give a fuck anymore. Yo. He's like, once you slap me on tv, I'm going off. Yo. So he became like Chris Rock from Bring the Pain again. Yep. But I think what kept him from doing that in the past was that he was in the club. He was in the club. Yeah. He's hosting the Oscars, doing these big movies. You safe, you gotta safe in the club. Gotta be safe. You Gotta be safe. You Can't be retweeting Elon Musk.


You gotta start learning the rules. You gotta Learn the rules. Wait, I gotta, you, you would know the answer to this question. So there was, there was a, You know, again, I miss all these things. Didn't somebody rush Chappelle on stage? Yes. And they took him out. Yeah. Tell me if my, my memory's accurate. 'cause I saw a video. I don't remember who tackled the guy or whatever else, but did they like to dislocate his arm? Oh, they beat the fuck outta this guy. They beat the fuck outta him. They beat the fuck outta this guy. Yeah. Once they got him, they beat the fuck out of him. I'm sure they broke his arm. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure he said multiple injuries. I'm pretty sure he Had A knife. Yeah. I mean, he was a crazy homeless person. Terrible lapse in security. Whoever are the security guys are they got fired. Yeah. And it, the whole thing was a fucking mess. The guy ran onto the stage. I sometimes I do this thing where I, I don't believe my own memory.


Like I'll see something amazing. I don't really Yeah. Leave his arm. Look at his arm. Yeah's out of the fucking beat sock dude. Beat the shit outta They broke. They probably urd him and snapped his Arm. Dude, look at his face. He looks like he went through a whole five round fight. They Beat the shit up. He is lucky he's alive. You know, I mean, you Go after Chappelle With a knife. Fuck man. You know? I mean, you didn't have the knife in his hands. Fuck. But he had a knife on him, like some big fucking knife. Dude, that's also Terrifying Though. Brass knuckles looking thing. That's terrifying. Yeah, it's terrifying. It's, it's terrifying that there's people that are so outta their fucking mind that, and it's again, the same kind of thing. He's transphobic. He's transphobic. You know, jokes are transphobia, but but words are violence. Whoa. No, that's not. Whoa. That's violence. Dave Chappelle, listen, It's, but that's how nuts we are.


Listen, that's how nuts we are that a guy can't, Did you listen to the special? Right. They didn't listen. They don't ca No, that's the thing. No one's listening. They're not listening to me. They're not listening to Elon. They're not listening. Yeah. They just, they have these things and they're just like religious dogma and they lock down on those things. And Dave Chappelle's a chance phobe. We Gotta take him out. Dave Chappelle's a living saint. Yeah. Come on man. Beautiful man. He's beautiful person man. He's untouchable. Amazing person. But He makes jokes about things that are real in our culture. He's, and that's a real thing in our culture. And if you say there's a thing that you can't make fun of. Yeah. That thing's bullshit. Yeah. If there's ever a thing that you can't make fun of, that thing is bullshit, Dude. Yeah. I had to do, I was taking care of somebody, actually, I wanted to tell you this.


I was taking care of, I had to take care of somebody that had lifesaving surgery and I was helping them recuperate. And So I was just staying with them. And, And it was like, You know, you, you have a brush with death. You have, you see your mortality, things are down, whatever else. And when we like caught our breath, I was like, let me just do something. And I put on a clip of you And it was, it was, it was a, you were telling the story about like a hotel and you, you, you, you was, it was you. Sura and Chappelle. But anyway, we were watching you guys do various bits of comedy on YouTube. And I made this person, you guys made this person laugh so hard. We had to stop watching it 'cause they were gonna bust a stitch. It was like the best medicine you've ever seen. And it was, it was, you were telling a fucking crazy story about, about waking up in a hotel and everyone's cramming down the exit.


Yeah. The hotel was on fire. Yeah. That was great. And then it was Segura doing, when disabilities are funny, he goes, he goes, not all disabilities are funny. He goes, but sometimes they're funny. And he does like a 10 minute piece on that and we're just crying. And it was just such a great transmission of just comedy, just being racist. The thing is comedy is comedy. And to try to say it's normal speech is ridiculous because it's not your opinions. It's things that are funny about these things. Like when someone's saying something about anything that's inappropriate, you should never say that. That's Louis c Cks whole act is saying the wrong thing.


You're not supposed to say that. So he is gonna say it. It's shocking. Yeah. And it's hilarious. But it's also really well written and funny. This is not like if you sat him down Yeah. And asked him his opinion on people and, and life. No. He would give you a different version. Sure. This is just an arc form. It's just like a movie. Like you go to a Quentin Tarantino movie, none of those people really died. Okay. This is just art. It's just like something's creating something. But that, and that's the sense where I feel like it's coming back. 'cause like, look at the shit that Chappelle's pulling. Yeah. Look at the shit that you're pulling. Like people are saying stuff again. Well, People are realizing that you don't have to give into, you don't have to listen this because it's a small, very vocal minority of people. But most people are tired of it. Most people miss old. You don't get a good comedy movie anymore.


You don't get super bad anymore. Oh, I, they can't make that movie anymore. You Imagine like Tropic Thunder. Tropic Thunder. You can't make that movie. You can't make that movie. I asked Robert De Jr. He goes, oh, you could, you could, But You can't. I mean, we fucked ourselves. We fucked ourselves by listening to these mental patients. That's, I think they're, I think some of it's gonna come back. I think It's back. Think it's gonna come back. 'cause I think it's gonna now it's gonna usually Right. It'll swing back. You look at movies from the seventies, they're fucking brutal. Oh yeah. Everything now is so sanitized and like, you don't like, but he's Still Tarantino though. He's sort of like, He's the only one. He's sort Of like grandfathered in the last, The last time that I saw a scene in a movie that that made me really cringe was in Bastards When, when the, the, the Bear Jew comes out of the cave and the guy, the Nazi soldiers, he's, he's on his knees and you're so used to that they cut on impact and he comes out and he fucking takes that swing and they don't cut.


Yeah. I don know how they film that shit. Movie Magic. But you, you go, oh God. Yeah. And Brad Pitt's sitting there chewing on a piece of bread and like clapping, You know, like eating while this guy gets beaten to death. And, but like, I remember being like, oh, 'cause usually you watch John Wick, you watch whatever the fuck you watch a thousand people die on screen. It doesn't matter. But every now and then they make it so real. Yeah. In those seventies movies back in the day. Oh yeah. 'cause all the shit was real. Oh yeah. Car chases were real. Yeah, man. And now I watch movies and I'm like, dude, come on. You remember a bullet the like 10 minutes of the movie Mc Steve Queen's car Chase Steve McQueen. Yeah. It's Just motorcycles. The streets of San Francisco. Crazy. A Mustang and a fucking charger.


There's a movie with Anthony Hopkins and Alec Baldwin where Anthony Hopkins has to fight a bear. Oh yeah. I think the whole movie is about them. Funny. Oh yeah, dude, they actually, they used Bart the Bear from Legends of the Fall and whatever else. But it is the most, you watch it, you will be blown out of your seat because Anthony Hopkins is 10 feet from a fucking grizzly bear. And then the, you can tell where they swap it. If you watch it really closely, you can tell where they swap him out and the trainer gets like, hit with a paw. But this guy is wrestling with his pet bear. Yo, seriously, look at this. Look at this. Look at this bro. Look at that fucking bear. Look at, look at fucking Anthony Hopkins's the Best.


How does he live in this? How's that even possible? 'cause they just tear you apart. Look at his face. Just trust me. Just Jamie. Go go to Lake halfway. Go to like halfway this video. This Is so ridiculous. That bears like barely chasing him. Go Like halfway, halfway down this video. This is Oh, he is. Get the fire out. Oh, no, No, no, no, no, no. I don't need to see this. I'm gonna have a different opinion of it. I'm gonna Get angry. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not the clip. There's a clip. Did you see the Revenant? Yeah. It pissed me off. Cartoon Bear. Ah, CGI Bear and I love Tom Hardy and I love DiCaprio. But that come on that CGI Bear Didn't get it. You know, that's based on a real story. Yeah, yeah. That's based on a guy who really did get Mo.


He crawled like 20 miles. My My main takeaway from that movie is a lot of cold water, Cold Water. I just watched every time he fucking crawled in a cold, cold stream. I was just like, this is, Do You know that incident didn't really take place in that environment though. The, the actual incident took place on the Plains. It, it wasn't the same environment as the Rain. Oh, Rainforest. Oh, they just put it up there. They put 'em in. I think they filmed it. See if they filmed the T in bc I think they filmed it in, in the, like the rainforest of bc You know, BC is a lot Like it in Seattle. The rainforest, well I think they filmed it in like a dense forested area. And I don't think the real incident took place in any sort of environment like that.


I Remember matter The positive of that Winter deciduous forest, but not rain forest. Waterfall Scenes were filmed in Montana, but the Wiki says it was takes takes place in the Great Plains. Right. So, but where did they film all the forest scenes? I think it was Canada. I think it's BC because it just is way more dense than the Great Plains. It's not what the great, it's not what they experience. Like when this guy crawled, it's like he's crawling across the fucking planes. Like this guy got torn apart by a bear and crawled and actually crawled. So his initial plans were to film the final scenes in Canada, although the weather was ultimately too warm, so they had to go to Argentina where there it was snow on the ground to shoot the ending Argentina. Jesus. Whoa. That's the ending.


What about the other stuff in the woods? Like when they get attacked by the Native Americans? I thought That was in bc. Either way, whatever it is, it's like very dense forest. Which is not what The not historically Accurate. No, You gotta do a little bit of That. Do you? I mean it's do you's about the planes. It's Really that's really, yeah. But then there'd be no trees. Like trees are central in that movie. Like the, the, the Stark. No, the movie's kind of bullshit. Like, isn't there a way to, Well then every movie's Bullshit then Alberta a bit. Yeah, there it goes. Okay. I mean even, You know, Alberta's crazy thick. I mean every movie then that you like, You know like every like historical movie you go, how much of it is true? Oh yeah. Like, I just watched, You know, watched, I hate those Movies, Ford versus Ferrari. And I was like, how much of this is true? And they're like, none of it.


I was like, did any of this really happen? No. Okay. So the, the canna canas count country and the spectacular scenery of Bo Valley in the Canadian Rockies, west of Calgary, Alberta. Fucking beautiful up there, man. Yeah. So that's not like the real environment where that really went down. But, but All, yeah, I guess it would have a different feel if, if they were out on the planes And it Was nothing. Yeah. And they get attacked by the planes Indians and You know, and that guy got fucked up by that bear out there. There, there was bears out there. Dude. That's what's nuts. Like we killed 'em off. Like California has a bear and it's it's state flag. It's a big old brown bear. It Used to be brown bears in California.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. They, they fucking killed all of 'em. Yeah. They're like, get the fuck outta here. Yeah. They know. They know what year the last brown bear was killed in California and they know when the last black bear was killed in Manhattan. That's nuts. Think About it, Manhattan, A black bear in Manhattan. When Was that? When they bought it for like $15 And it was just, it was just a fucking Ray young. This is a town named after the guy who was the last guy to get killed by a brown bear in California. It's called Leveque. Nice. I think his name was Steven Leveque. He got the last guy that got killed by a brown bear. They're like, that's it, we're done. Kill 'em all. Did you ever see that? Did you ever see the video where the guy where the bear takes the guy's face off and he is still talking? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I did. That's a bad, yeah, that's a really bad one. Yeah, he got his face That Was bad apart And they stitched it back together again.


You ever see they Didn't do a bad job? Not bad. Not bad. Because that video, That was again one of those times where I was like, I'm an adult and I'm, I'm a, I'm not. Okay. That was like early days of internet gross shit. That was like e baum's world time where you could See Everything. It was the early Days. I was just trying to explain this to my mom. I was like, when they were doing the, the journalist beheadings, you could see it. Yeah. If I tried now, I don't know. I wouldn't even know where to go. Reddit. Really? Yeah. Four chan. I don't Think I've ever been on Reddit. You should go. Yeah. Should I go? Should I go on? You should go to know there people like that out there is is search. It is A search engine has become like much more red. Reddit is very left wing and Reddit has become very censored. Like things get pulled down off of Reddit.


No, I'm saying, I'm saying is there anywhere But four Chan is still Buck Wild Four Chan. Four Chan Chan. Yeah. Four chan is where like all that Q Anon craziness came from. There's a lot of nutty people out there. That's where the political frogs, those frogs Pepe the Frog that they use for memes. No, it's, it's all like internet culture ship posters. Yeah. People that are anonymously posting so they can just say the wildest things and there's no censorship. Yeah. But I'm saying is it? But what I want is, you can Find, I want the God's Google. I want that thing where you go, I wanna see people eaten, You know, who got eaten by a bear. And I like, or You know how in the grizzly man they don't show you, they don't show you the footage or the plate of the audio. Like Right. I want that. Like if I wanna see it, I wanna be able to see it.


I think we herzog destroyed that audio, which is unfortunate. Yeah. But I also, You know, his, his mind was like, it's kind of funny right, because his mind was like, this is be like, it'd be too damaging. It's too bad for you don't want to hear it. You don't want other people to hear it. I wouldn't want pe people to hear me screaming in agony as I died. Right. But your whole film is About how fucking Blue ball as fuck stupid. It is. Yeah. Of course. That this guy lives in the grizzly maze in the, in in a tent surrounded by bears. Then it's inevitable that one of 'em is gonna eat him. Yeah. So So there'd kind of be like a comedic punchline to hear him go, Bro, the movie's a comedy. It is a comedy. It is a comedy. It is. It is a, when He's like bad bear and he like touches it and the bear turns around, it's like, what the fuck did you just do The whole thing?


It's, he was so nutty and he was such a cra. He Was, he was nuts. He Was Tiger King times a hundred. But he also, there's like a moment where he transcends and he's like in the grass and there's a fox on his tent. Yeah. And you're like, dude, this is kind of cool. Yeah. That was, the Fox relationship was cool. The Fox was cool. But the bear stuff, Fox has Become your friends, which is weird. Yeah. Foxes are Cool. Yeah. Like are awesome. Now can just, you don't even have to have lived there a long time. You just hang out with them long enough. They'll, they'll hang out With you. Well I found a fox den a few years ago and so there's all these, the mom was out and there's all these foxes, baby foxes, pups sitting outside the the hole. So I would creep up on them, I'd get into position and I'd watch 'em come out and they are the cutest little things in the world.


Yeah. And they're all just standing around. And I was like, I wanna raise a fox so Bad. The people have done it. I know they have pet foxes. Oh, I Know. I wanted to do it so bad. I had to go to the jungle in like a week. But I was like, man, if I wasn't gonna the jungle a week, You would have to feed those little fuckers. And they want to kill things all the time. Like, It'd be like having a really wild dog. Yeah. It would be like having a coyote for a pet. Yeah. I would imagine. Probably. But they're really clever. They're Really, they're really clever. Smart. Really beautiful. Yeah. I don't, and coyotes, I don't even need to have coyotes as pets. They're like behind in the Hudson Valley. Oh yeah. They're all over the place. Everywhere. Yeah. They're nuts. They're everywhere. They're in Manhattan. I Don't believe that. It's a hundred percent true. Really? Yeah. Yeah. In Central Park.


In Central Park. Multiple coyote sightings. They've had 'em in the Bronx. COEs, Coyotes are in every city. Yeah. In North America. Or at least in, in the US of a, It's a huge testament to how stealthy an animal can be. Oh yeah, man. Because they Live, Look at that. Stop it. Coyotes in Central Park. Yeah. Yeah man, they're all over the country. They're all over the country. And that's basically in the last a hundred years. Oh, where's a coyote? I think less than that. I think it's like from the 1950s on. Got coyote they've spread across the entire country. There's A great book called Coyote America. I have, it's on my list. Got it, got it. I'm dying to read it. Got it. I'm dying to read it. That book Coyote's been seen in Central Park and other parts of New York City since the 1930s.


Yeah. The number of sightings has increased in recent years, especially in 2019. Yeah. Incredibly adaptive. I mean that's just, oh my God. Unbelievable. They're the craziest. They, they adapt and they expand the range. So whenever you kill one, the females have more pups and they expand their range. Dude, that's why they're everywhere Now. I in, in the jungle, I was working with this British filmmaker and he came outta the jungle one day and his face was white. And he goes, I saw something. And I was like, if you say Bigfoot, I'm gonna, he's like, damn. He goes, he goes, no, I saw. He goes, man, he goes, Matt, you saw a whitetailed deer. And I went, you didn't see a whitetailed deer. We have redrock deer, gray rocket deer. You didn't see a whitetailed deer. And I started really hammering on him.


I was like, bro, you've been out here too long, man. Long story short, there is a vestigial population of whitetailed deer that inhabit the western Amazon. What? So he thought he was insane. They come in from the Andes and they're, they have like an island population down in the lowland jungle. He happened to see, and this is like a guy that, You know, he is not bullshitting. Whoa. He was physically, You know, it's like you saw a giraffe and That's ridiculous that he would be, that freaked out I think just because It didn't belong there. He Was a real wildlife guy. I mean, if I saw, You know, a leopard in New Jersey, I'd be like, well fuck, either I'm cracking up or something, You know, as far as I know this doesn't go here. Right. You know? Right.


So he came back and he was like, I, I don know what to do. He was like, I saw something. And I was like, well did you get a shot of it? And he was like, no, I put my camera up And it ran. And he was like, But I swear to God. And I was like, nah, you didn't see anything. He saw Whitetailed deer. That's crazy. Yeah. Have you seen the jaguar sightings in Arizona? I did. I saw the camera trap footage. Wild. That is super cool. That is super cool. That is super cool. We're doing something with these new EDNA packages where they, we can take water samples And it tests for all the different DNA in the water. Oh. So all the different animals that are drinking All the different animals. Wow. Bigfoot's either about to get found or go extinct. He's gonna go Extinct. Yeah, I know. Do you think they could find the giant sloth with that?


So that's an interesting One. That's the only, that and the thine are the only cryptids that I'll entertain conversations about. I entertain the, the, the sloth one because there's so many of these people in these deep dense jungles in, in the Amazon that claim that they've seen them. Yeah. I'll tell you something offline about that. I, I have a theory about where Theyre offline. Ooh, I can't wait to end this podcast. I just, I just, there's gotta be, there's, there's places people keep going. We've, we've explored the whole world. Yeah. Well just like people don't realize, and I'm telling you after coming off of these expeditions where we travel for an entire week, buy land to get, 'cause you get on a plane, go to get on a plane and be in Barcelona in a few hours. Right.


It's such a mind fuck. It doesn't make any sense. Whereas when you start walking or you start paddling, you go, this planet is huge, huge. And we deceive ourselves into thinking like, Oh yeah, we figured it out. But if you fly in a Cessna over the Amazon and you look at a winding little golden river and you're looking out over a vast picture of football fields with this tiny little golden filament going through it and the next one of those golden rivers, which by the way, that river is like a hundred meters across this giant water artery that's been flowing through the jungle. The next one, as you're in this Cessna looking out over the jungle, the next one is barely in your peripheral vision over there. So you're talking about like 110 miles that way as the next Dense, dense jungle.


Dense jungle. No trails, not even the tribes, nothing. No one there. Who the fuck has explored that? They don't know what's under there. No one's explored it. Not to mention 50% of the life in the rainforest. You forget it's a 3D environment. When you're on the planes, the animals are at eye level. When you're in the rainforest, you're under 160 feet of canopy. So it's like being at the bottom of the ocean. And we don't have access. Who can climb 160 foot tree that goes straight up like the World Trade center. Right. Pretty much no one, You're only gonna see the tree tops if you do And you're only gonna see the tree tops. So scientists have had very limited access to the rainforest canopy where 50% of the life in the rainforest is. Wow.


So, so much of the planet has not been described or studied. And it's so funny when I watch people go, yeah, everything's been explored. But then it's like, bro, I could take you somewhere right now and show you the places where no one's been and they haven't flown over with lidar yet. And there are things that we don't know. There's like a lot of stuff that we don't know about. And I've seen, 'cause I've seen it with my own, I don't believe shit. That's why I have to touch the wet paint. 'cause I don't believe shit unless I've seen it myself. Well listen brother, I'm glad you're out there. It makes life more interesting. I'm trying. I'm trying. I appreciate everything you do and I appreciate you and, and thank you for coming in here. It's a lot of fun. Tell everybody how they can get ahold of you and how they can see what you're up to. Absolutely.


Jungle Keepers is growing. We're protecting more rainforest than ever. Jungle keepers.org. We are bringing people to the rainforest. We're supporting the indigenous conservation efforts. We're crossing a hundred thousand acres. The more people that come in and help, we can actually find a way to protect the Amazon rainforest and stop feeling guilty about it. Also, Jamie, if you just last thing, pull up that rhino transport picture. I'm taking people out into Africa with the experts at that place, Buffalo Klu. And people can actually come with me to do some incredible front lines on the ground work with endangered rhinos in Africa, like this type of shit. Wow. That's crazy. Absolutely. The people who are holding back the extinction of these animals who are doing cutting edge research and work protecting these amazing animals.


Jungle keepers.org, paul rosalie.com, Instagram, all that other shit. And we're doing some truly miraculous stuff and a lot of it has to do Joe with the fact that we came in and told everybody about it. So thank you. My pleasure. I'm It's wild out there. Thank So it My pleasure.