
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Let's Go. Let's go. Jelly Roll. I'm Back with my b My man. I haven't seen you since Master Square Garden. It wasn crazy. Yes. What a great Night. It wasn. It wasn an experience. It wasn dude. Wasn't an experience man. Dude, it was. So I was thinking about it pulling up here, is that I think y'all just got out of Vulcan in the club had just opened and I'd came that night to see Ron White and I went back that Monday to see Kill Tony. And I could feel the kill Tony thing happening over Covid at Vulcan. So I had to go see it in person, You know? Yeah. And I could remember sitting in there and You know how like you can feel a sh an energy shift.


Yeah. I felt an energy shift in life in that room that night. I was like, this is fixing to explode. Yeah. Like everything associated with this club, everything associated with Tony, everything associated with Joe is fixing to fucking rocket ship. And it felt like, almost like, I'm getting goosebumps, Joe. I'm not even bullshit. Ooh, I'm getting goosebumps Too. I'm getting goosebumps. It's almost like, I'm swear, dude. It was like feeling the grunge movement in the nineties. Like when you first heard a little something, you were like, this is different. Yeah. And you were like, this could be something. And then it just turned out to be the explosion. It's like, I felt that happening. So to see Tony at fucking Madison Square Garden and then to see how y'all showed up for Tony at Madison Square Garden, every fucking comedian on Earth came to see that dude to fucking Two nights.


We had Kiss him on his fucking cheek. You Know what I'm saying? I had to be there. I had to be there. I was there in the beginning. I was there when there was like 18 comedians in the crowd. Is That not crazy? It was crazy. They were doing in the belly room of the Comedy store. It was just like an afterthought. They couldn't do any of the other rooms 'cause they didn't have an audience. And they would, and Tony just had this weird idea that he just like a little pit bull, just stuck with it. One minute of comedy. And he like honed it over time and figured out. And then he became the best host in all of entertainment. There's no one better at hosting a comedy show than him. The way he does that show the, the speed of his comebacks, the speed of his, like the roast lines.


Yeah. I tell Tony all the time, I say, Tony, I love you. And that panel is the coolest thing I've ever seen. But you are the show brother. Oh, he a monster. We would all tune in if you were sitting up there by yourself. Like you are just so sharp. I relate to it too, Joe. I, I, I, I compare art forms. It's just something I like to do. I know some people don't, but watching Tony, I feel a kinship to Tony and Andrew Schultz in a certain way because I feel like we all kind of met each other right before it happened for all of us. Right. Like, I remember me and Schultz doing the opener up song at the five four. You know, he was doing two nights at Zanies, two shows, one show, You know, one show a night. You know what I mean? Yeah. And I was doing a thousand seat club in the south, You know what I mean?


And Tony was still kill Tony and You know what I mean? And then, and we're all fucking old. Like the fact that it happened for all of us in our late thirties True. Is even cooler. Yeah. So it's this double kinship. Like when I was nominated for New Artists of the year at almost 40, that's the first time that it ever happened in CMA history and country music. Yeah. But like this year, most of those kids are 27 and under here I was a 40-year-old fucking man up there. You're a beauty beautiful example that there's no rules. Yes. There's no rules. It's all bullshit. Just be yourself. Just be yourself. Do your best. Find, find whatever it is inside you that you can express. That's it. There's no rules. There's no rules for age. Like Ron White used to worry about that all the time. I think I'm too old. I'm, what do you, you're Ron Motherfuck White.


You're a legend. Period. But it's like that humility that he has, even though he's got great confidence in his ability. Like Ron is a very humble guy, as successful as he is. But that humility that he is is also that constantly has him writing, constantly has him working. He's 40 years in the game. He never stops. He, and he's better now than he is ever been before. Now that he's sober. Like he's a monster. Oh, a monster on stage. Imagine hitting to, so to me, Ron White is on Mount Rushmore of comedy. For me personally, I know it's subjective. Some people are gonna, You know, whatever. But for me, because I judge comedy as a fan of, like, I look at skits, like, I mean, I look at specials, like what songs stood out to me the most in the whole special, like, your special was your album.


How many songs do you have that I tell my friends about? Like, it's my song. Right, right, right. You know what I mean? Yeah. And like to me, Ron White has done more of that than I have more Ron White bits memorized than any other comedian. Just by like default of how good he is at weaving these little quick two minute stories of just complete white trashy and ery, which is just my fucking specialty. It's like, girl, I feel like he grew up on my street. You know what I'm saying? So my mama likes Ron White. You know what I mean? He was the first guy out here, You know, he was the first guy that came. He moved here before the pandemic. That's crazy. Because he was always with us at the store. And then one day I called him up, I go, where the fuck you been, man? He goes, I moved to Austin. Fuck it back to Texas. He just, he said he just loved it.


He's like, there's no traffic. Everyone's nice. And I started thinking about, then he planted like the first seeds in like 2018. I was like, could I live in Austin? Fuck. I don't know. Because my instinct has always been to move to the mountains. Like, I wanna, I wanna live somewhere where there's no people, like Very few people. Did you ever have, did you have mountains in mind when you like romanticized it? Did you ever think of what mountains you would move to if you did it? I really liked the mountains above Boulder. Mm. I really, I lived there for a little while in 2009. But when I think about Montana, sometimes I think about just someplace more peaceful. Wyoming somewhere, just a little more peaceful, cold as fuck in the winter, but just like more real.


And it wasn my thought when I was living in la but it was like a necessity to get the fuck outta there. When, when the Covid stuff was going on. I'm like, they're not gonna let this go. They're gonna keep us in control for once they have control of you. Like they had during the pandemic. Wear a mask, gotta get a vaccine. Can't go here, can't go there. No businesses, everything's shut down. All the restaurants go under all the comedy clubs go under. When they were doing that, I was like, they're not gonna let this go. I gotta get the fuck outta here. And when we came into Texas, it was,


this episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin. And it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all forgetting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLocks US based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals. With LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. E terms apply


wide open. Like, You know, some places made you wear a mask, but it was a joke. It was Like, It was a goof. It was weird. It was like a completely different universe we could go to. My kids were young, man, they were 10 and 12 and like, they wanted to go to restaurants. Like, we can go to a restaurant here and sit in doors. Like for everyone was terrified in LA and they just weren't here. And the same result, like the same, the same thing happened to everybody. But over here it was a way more peaceful experience. And Ron, when we were out here, we, we started doing shows at the Vulcan. And one night, the first time Ron had been on stage in like eight months, he just grabbed me by my shoulders. It was like, whatever the fuck we have to do, we're gonna keep doing this.


He's like, you gotta open up a club. And I'm like, alright, that's it. We're opening up a club. And the process began, God, all because of Ron. Ron Le led me to think about moving here. Ron was already out here, So I knew that if I did move to Austin, at least Ron's here. Yeah. You know? And then Tony moved here and then Brian Simpson moved here. And then the fucking, the just the train kept a rolling all night long. It was nuts. You know, nuts. The colt, I think it was by default, it was kind of a universe thing where there was a little bit of stale water that needed to be stirred. Yeah. And when you came that stale water stirred And it awakened everybody. Like, hold on. There's, there's choices outside of the same routine that we've been, because You know, I mean, I'm sure y'all's life was store, store, store, weekends, out, store, store.


It was improv too. I did the, in the ice house. Yeah. There was a few clubs we did, like, on a regular, we could, You know, 'cause the, the more places to work out, the better. You know? And when we were, there were so many of us too. You know, we'd, we'd have shows where it's like Bill Buron, me, Thom Ura Burke, er, they're crazy shows. Yeah. Crazy shows. 'cause everybody was in LA It was a beautiful thing up until the, they shut everything down. It's That beautiful here now though, Bob. I know. That's what's Crazy, man. That's what I'm saying. The the, the water is complete. I mean, it is. You can, and You know, the best thing is too, there's an added element that we bring new people in every weekend. So every weekend there's these big national headliners. So they come in on Tuesday, Wednesday, and we're fucking around all week.


Yeah. We're just having a great time hanging Out. No, no. That's what I, that's how I describe your club. I was like, it's the gym for the greatest comedians in the world. Tuesday through Thursday. And then the other greatest comedians in the world come and rent it from Friday to Sunday. I was like, it's crazy dude. It's like no matter what day You have killed Tony, that's the anchor Kill Tony. Every kill Tony is the anchor of comedy in the known universe. Yeah. It really, that's a grandiose statement. I know. But what kill Tony shows you is like, every comic wants a reaction And some comics, unfortunately, if you're in specific areas, like very liberal areas, like Silver Lake has a problem with this. Like those kind of places where everyone's like super woke and they want to let everyone else know that they're super woke.


It's like a kind of thing you have to do. So you get ideologically captured and you, you, you make material that's bullshit. You get clater. What kill Tony makes you do is you have one fucking minute. You have one minute and there's obviously no rules. By the time you get on stage, you've seen Cam go crazy. Oh yeah. You've seen Hans Kim say some ridiculous shit. Maybe you've seen William Montgomery or Brian Holtz, but you've seen maniacs on stage killing. And so you got one minute just crack It's time to crack. So it sets a tone for comedy. The comedy is just entertaining. Mm. No matter how you put it out. No matter what it is, what your style is, what you'd like to talk about, whether you're Nate Bartzi or whether you are Shane Gillis, right there.


There's just a different way to do it. Everybody's got their own way to do it. But it's just, just go try to find your way. Don't try any tricks. Don't try to sneak in some fucking ideological bullshit just 'cause you think people are gonna agree with you and like you more and clap and cheat and you're gonna say something profound. Shut up. You got one minute. So that sets a tone for all the people coming up. It's so real. I never bothered that way. It's, it's the mo it's one of the most important things that's ever happened to combat. Nobody's trying to impose their beliefs on you real quick. Exactly. They're just trying to make, they got 60 seconds to get a fucking laugh. And, and the kill Tony Crow will boo you if you don't, you've got about 30 seconds with them in an arena. Very little time in an arena. Real dangerous grounds. Dude, bro. They were especially New Yorkers, the first show in New York.


Dude. Rough. Rough. They were rough. They go Hard. You know, when I knew the arena thing was gonna be huge for Tony, I flew down here for the first one he did. 'cause we were drunk at the bar that night. And he was like, I'm gonna play in arena. I was like, I'm gonna come sing the national anthem. And it's a, it was a joke. 'cause I don't sing the national anthem. I have a rule. I don't sing the national anthem, but I told him I was gonna do it. So I came down and we're watching the first comedian this night at the HEB center. Right. The first bucket pull comes up and you could tell this bitch did not have any idea she was gonna get called or anything to say, this is the first you talking about a gift from God for Tony. Right. She's not up there 18 seconds, Joe, before they realized that she's just, You know, falafel and Oh, the Boo Birds came.


They didn't start slowly and grow like they normally do. It was like 13 or 12,000 people made the decision at once. Boo. What a Horrible feeling. What a horrible feeling. And I was like, oh yeah, this is gonna explode in arenas. I was like, kill Tony's gonna fucking arenas. It's, It's a be it's the best show for that kind of an audience. We watch it every Monday on the bus. So chaotic. Yeah. Full disclosure. Like as a bus. Imagine like a bunch of music dudes every Monday that were like religiously. Yeah. It's something we have together. You know what I mean? It's something that the whole band can agree on. The other thing about Kill Tony was in the beginning, Tony wasn't famous.


No one was famous and they were just going hard. And then as everyone got famous, they kept going hard. Whereas it's very hard to just jump in and do something that wild now. And there was nothing Like It during Covid. There. There's nothing Like It. You had this live show every week in front of a live audience and everybody else is locked down where you have to wear your fucking mask or you're walking your dog. Yeah. You know, like, what is going on? No, you're having to bring it. It, it was also just like this rejection of norm. You know, rejection of whatever is going, what whatever people think the comedy industry is. 'cause people think the comedy industry is like some group of people with power that control all the, and give people specials that don't deserve it.


There's all this like, weird, weird thoughts about the comedy business. But when the comedy business is only comedians, it's a completely different experience. And that's what Kelton is. There's no business element behind it. Right. There's no networks. No, there's no producers. There's no, there's no person, no executive worrying about their fucking mortgage. You can't say that Tony. Yeah. There's none of that. So it's just wild. No, it's, it's complete chaos all the time. It's the greatest show on the internet period. That's the truth. That's how I, It fucking rules. And it's like I said, But you're talking about people that do more when they get there. And it, me and you were talking off record, right? We brought me off record off microphone. We were walking in here about have you hang around nine long enough, you'll be the 10th. Yeah. And God bless me that in the last few years, in light of my success, I've been had really cool friends.


Like Tony and I have become really good friends. You and I have become really good friends and I've been able to watch like a student of the game. Guys like y'all, Bert Tom, and go, man, these dudes are turning the heat up as it matters. Like the content's flowing. Like it's only getting bigger. Last year, Joe, my most successful year of my career, I wrote more songs than I've ever wrote in a single year as a free man. That's amazing. Jail's a different concept. 'cause fuck what? I wrote a song a day, You know what I mean? But I wrote a hundred and I turned in 170 songs in my publisher last Year. Holy shit. I just couldn't quit writing 'em. I was on the bus. I just could not, I could not At every corner I was getting done with show. You know, I do five shows a week. It's just how we tour.


I was getting straight on the bus and just grabbing a guitar and just pouring ideas. I'm putting out 27 songs when this podcast is out. My album Beautifully Broken is out right now. I had 22 on the album and I had five or six features that I was gonna do for Deluxe next week. And my wife teased one of the songs that's kind of doing good. So I think I'm just gonna drop 'em all tomorrow today technically. Anyway, so Dude, you're so at home on stage. It's crazy. You know, when you did New York, New York at Madison Square Garden, I asked you, I'm like, how often do you just do this? Just get up there and sing. How often are you doing this? Ah, it's ki it's a crazy thing 'cause it's like just you, you just, are you up there? Yeah. You know, 15,000 people, 50,000 people. It's just Jelly Roll.


Yeah. That's it. It's, that's when a guy's like, You know, you're, you're just so in the zone and so on top of your game. It's just beautiful to watch someone that's in the zone Because you recognize that that feeling is a great feeling when you're just like totally in tune with what you're doing. I love when I see a comic that's in there When You know it's a flow. Yeah. You know what I mean? When You Know it's a flow. Last time Dave Atel was here, it was right before he filmed it. Special. My God. It was magic. Oh, He's so different. Oh my God. He's so good right now. If you get a chance to see David tell live, if you're a comedy fan, you have to see him. He's, and now I'm sure he is got a whole bunch of new stuff 'cause his specials out. But God damn he's in this fucking flow.


He's a like a, like a zen master up there. Weird. It's weird. It's scary how comfortable he is. I got, So I've never been to the Cellar. It's been a dream of mine. I had a night in New York, I'd finished tv. So I went to the Cellar that night and I got David tell's number on Burt's tour. I went on Burt's fully, fully loaded tour this year for fun. Did I tell you this story? I think so. Just Like, I think I told you. But just like to fuck off. I called Bur and I was like, yo, can I just park my bus and just come fuck off? Or like five or six shows. And he was like, what? I was like, yeah. He was like, will you sing? I was like, fuck yeah, whatever. I'll come sing a song or two. So I just go up with a guitar every night between comedians. Right. That's amazing. But me and Dave would hang out every night. Me, Dave, big J Oakerson. So Soder Morell. And we would all just bur work there.


I'm just like having the cool, I'm just like, I'm rarely quiet as I am back there. 'cause I'm just listening. 'cause these dudes are telling the they're greatest storytellers ever. Oh yeah. Telling old stories. Great guys too. Soder. He's the best. Soders the dudes son. So I'm like, Sam's fucking amazing too. They're just such good guys too And such good real, just different level comedians Too, man. They're great comedians, but they're just great people too. They're fun to hang with house. There's a great, great crop. There's a great cop crop of people coming up right now. You know, Norman and Shane and all, all these guys coming up right now are so good. It's a different level. So fun. It's A different level. David tell gives me his number. He is like, call me if you're ever in New York. I know. I see he has a flip phone, right? Yeah. Dave pulls a little flip phone out.


So I'm in New York and I just like randomly and I say, Dave, when I call you, I'm gonna be in New York City trying to find you. Okay. He said, he said, no problem, I'll be at the cellar. It's what he tells me. Right. I call this dude, me and Ian Finance are standing, sitting at the bar and I say, I'm gonna call Dave and see what time he's coming. I call third ring Dave answers and go, you, here I go. I am. He goes, you need help getting in. I was like, I'm in. He said, see you in a few flips the phone down. It was the most David tail thing Ever. He's one of the only guys I know that stopped partying, got completely sober and got way better, way better. A lot of guys, there's like this thing that they have when they're, You know, doing drugs especially where they're just wild.


And sometimes that wildness is like a magical energy on stage. Like I couldn't imagine a sober kinison. That would've been really weird, man. Like Kinisons whole thing goes like, yeah, I'm here to fucking Party. Yes. Like he was partying, dude. Hard. And that's why we didn't get much out of him. We only got like really a couple of good albums outta Kinison. 'cause he is just going too hard. His family came to my show in El Paso Poly sent and they brought me Sam Kinisons original gospel discs. Oh wow. They gave me like five of 'em, Joe. It's like one of my most prize possessions now. How is it? How's the music? Oh, it's crazy.


Well, it's a lot of preaching on there too. Is it preaching and singing? Yeah, it was a lot of preaching on the first one. I didn't even get to the second one yet. I hadn't had a disc player. They brought all five of 'em out and I was so scared to fuck 'em up. I immediately put 'em in a pelican crate and sent 'em home. Oh wow. I was like, this is crazy. You know what I mean? That the, I mean the whole Kennison family. It was like 10 of 'em in there sharing all these cool stories. 'cause I wanted them, Pauly said, the Kennison family wants to come see your show. I said, I want 'em to see my show because I have, so much of my show is derivative from Sam Kennison. You know what I mean? Like, there's so much, I'm a southern gospel man. Anyways, I went to a southern church So I just understood Kennison inflection and that kind of thing. It just spoke to me. Right, right. From Where I'm from. Right. So it's like I have always tried to, I, I tell people I'm somewhere between Billy Graham and Sam Kinison.


You know what I mean? As far as like how You know when you gotta come See I'll be, I do the Moody Center in November. Okay. It's the middle of the week too. You should be able to make it. Let's go. It'll be fun. I'm trying to talk Carrie into putting a, a closed on Mitzi's door sign that says closed. Gone to the Jelly Roll Show. Speaking of Mitzi's, can I tell you something? I wanna, I've been waiting to talk to you about this in person. I was so inspired by the time I spent with you down here and more importantly, the time I spent at your club. Even without you just, they treat me, I don't know if you hear the stories, but I've become a fixture of furniture there when I'm in town and I am opening, I'm announcing this now right here that I'm opening my bar on Broadway in Nashville, Tennessee. Which is a real big deal.


You've been to Broadway. It's all after country music stars. I'm the first Nashville native to get a bar. So like the first kid from the city to get a bar. But I was so inspired by the way the mothership has mitzi's and it's like an honor to Mitzi's and what y'all do that I have put my, my bar's gonna be called Jelly Rolls. Goodnight Nashville. But I have a back bar called Buddies named after my late father. Ah. And it was completely inspired from what you have done at Mitzi's. Oh that's great. All the way down to the, we're gonna set his chair there for him. You know what I mean? Like it's just so inspiring. And it's gonna be just like y'all are rule is it's open to the public when it's open to the public. Mm. And when it's not, it's not right.


You know what I mean? Yeah. Like Mitzi's. Yeah. It's like, because that place has created such a safe place for me to party. Yeah. This is what me and Post Malone talk about when we're drunk by ourselves. We're like, we need to go back to Ston. Let's just go hang. It's like the safest part of the world. You know what I'm saying? It's like, I can say anything here. I know I'm Okay. Everybody's cool. The whole staff's cool. The staff's mostly comedians, You know. But my question was, can I send my buddy's bartender to hang out with Carrie for a week and Shadow her? Oh yeah. A hundred percent sure. Carrie Said she's into it. She just said asked. I was like, for sure. Yeah, yeah. Whatever you need. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great idea. I think. I'm not thinking I'm gonna send her down in November around my show here. I'm gonna bring her with me so she can meet Carrie that night. 'cause Carrie runs the ultimate celebrity bar to me.


Yeah. Like she deals with complete chaos down there with them comedians. I've watched it. It is wild. Well Carrie learned how to do it at the store. That's why I hired her. She was one of the first hires. Oh, she's, because I told her, I go, You know, she was like one of the first people I contacted. I'm like, I'm gonna open up a club. She's awesome Dude. I had to get her out here because she was like the mother of the back bar. That's how I feel there. So the back bar at the store was, it was completely removed. It was No, no general public at all. So very small. Have you've ever been in the back bar of the store? Oh yeah. Yeah. So Carrie ran that place. So she kept everybody in line. Punky was there too before Punky was on SNL. It's hilarious. She used to run that back bar too. And we used to all hang out there like anybody, You know, you could be safe there.


Any, all these celebrities, people from out of town, they'd all just find their way to that weird little private bar. So I kind of knew, And it originally, Mitzi's was not gonna be open to the public at all. It was just gonna be a private bar. But then along the way we'd said, You know what, it doesn't hurt to like have it open to the general public, like up until a certain time. And then from that time out have it everybody after the shows are over. 'cause that's when everybody really wants to hang. And it wasn like the best blending of both worlds. Yeah. You know? But it was that old bar in Hollywood was, it had her bar from her home that they had moved and put there. So the actual bar that you put drinks on was from her home.


Yeah. Yeah. So it's like that. There was like a piece of her there with us all the time. So when we decided to do this place, I'm like, we gotta have a bar just for Mitzi. Just, it's the same kind of same kind of vibe. Yeah. You know? No, I mean it, it touched my soul in such a way that I wanted to do it for my father. That's awesome. You know what I mean? So I just want you to know that the Mitzi legacy has went even further and that what y'all have created there is spreading onto em. Almost got me emotional talking about a woman I never met. I just know she did so much for you. She Did so much for everybody. Yeah. She's the most important person in the history of comedy. That's not a comedian. Polly's shared some really cool stories with me about her and it's just, man, it's just unreal.


I gotta spend a little time with Polly. 'cause I went to that back bar there. The cool thing is, because of y'all, I've now found y'all's community embraces me everywhere now. So I'm safe if I'm in a city Now, if I'm in LA I'm like, where's the comedy club? Right. I bet they got a back bar. Call Adam Ray. You know what I'm saying? Adam Ray's like, Hey, I'm at the back bar at the, at the store. Come on. I'm like, yes. Yeah. On the way. Yeah. It's a fun group of people. Contrary to popular belief. Yeah. Popular belief is the comedians are all like miserable. No dude, it's actually strange. The funnest the greatest storytellers ever. I could, I could listen to guys like Bert Talk all night. Yeah. I could listen to Joey Diaz talk all night. I've known Joey for 30 years. He still tells me new stories.


Yeah. It's crazy. No dude. It's crazy man. Because Joey, how do you Still have stories? It's crazy dude. Because, well, Joey could go to the store today and have a story. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? It'd just be fucking one of the, one of the best stories ever. I Joey's a monster. I think we're all in the storytelling business. Right. That's what I do too. Sure. I'm telling stories. I'm not doing it in a comedic way, but I'm, I'm still telling a story. You know what I mean? Like it's all that kind of story. I would, I am attracted to storytellers. You know, I think we all are. I mean that's why you love a good movie. That's why you love a good book. Yeah. Especially one, there's somebody that can tell a story that can capture you in a certain way. I think it was probably the oldest form of entertainment. Right. Once people, when they first started learning language, I bet the oldest form of entertainment was probably recreating a thing they saw.


Right? Yeah. Had to be Right. Yeah. For sure. Think about the old, let's sit around the campfire. Sure. Read stories. Sure. I mean that Sure. I'm sure they were telling tales. Tall tales is what they used to call 'em. Think about how long we've been hearing these kind of stories of people just telling stories. Also back then it wasn the only time in your day that you got to relax. Mm. When you're sitting around the campfire, it wasn. The only time it was dark out there was nothing to do. You found all the food you're gonna find and you're gonna get up in the morning and go right back at it all day long again. And then eventually find your way back to the campfire. So the campfire was like the time where people would sit around and entertain each other. Wow. And prehistory. Yeah. You know, that's deep. 'cause you're thinking about it like from a hunting perspective too.


They had to go out all day and find the food. Yeah. You could only do that when the sun was out. You could only do it when the sun was out. And the nighttime, it's fucking dangerous. 'cause there's predators out there. Yeah. So the fire is the best thing to keep off the predators, You know, fire and everybody gathers around the fire. 'cause the predators don't wanna come to the fire. Yep. Fuck man. And that's where people learned how to tell stories. That's why we're so attracted to it. And they were doing fucking drugs back then too. I'm sure they were smoking pot and doing all kind of, they were doing all kinds. Somebody had already figured out that cow shit. Mushrooms could make you feel great. Yeah. 100%. 100%. They tried everything. They were starving. They tried a little bit of eating everything and they figured out what you can eat and what kills you. Imagine going through mushrooms and trying to figure out which ones kill you and which ones get you to see God.


Yeah. They had to figure that out. Trial and error. Could you Imagine how many times they had to go through it and go back and go, listen y'all, I've done this a few times and I'm pretty confident that there is this thing that grows in a pile of shit. Yeah. That makes me feel fucking like God. You know? You know what I'm saying? It's crazy. Dude. Somebody had to be that guy. Did you ever hear about John Marco Allegro in the book, the Sacred Mushroom and the Scrolls? It's Sacred Mushroom. What? No, It is a sacred mushroom in the Christian myth. And what was, there's two different sacred Mushroom in the Dead Sea Scrolls, I think is one of 'em. What is the, what is the titles of his book? The Sacred Mushroom and the Cross? Sacred Mushroom and the Cross. And then there is another one. There's another one that he released after the Catholic Church allegedly bought out all the copies of the first one to get rid of it.


Wow. And the something in the Christian Myth, dead Sea Scrolls in the Christian Myth, the Dead Sea Scrolls in the Christian Myth. I read the Dead Sea Scrolls. So this guy thinks that all of religion is stories about mushrooms. He thinks that the entire Christian religion was about psychedelic mushrooms and fertility rituals. He thinks that what they were doing was they would have these stories, especially when they're conquered by the Romans. They'd have these stories. So they would hide the truth in stories and in, You know, allegories and all these different right tales. But he thinks that the entire Christian religion was based on the consumption of psychedelic mushrooms. I can tell you this on brand, I mean, I'm a man of faith, but on brand with that is Jesus told stories and he taught in stories.


Jesus never gave a direct a direction. He always was just like, well, and then he'd tell a story and you would have to figure out, You know what I mean? Right. It was like, okay, this story would show the, it was always in story form too. Maybe They knew it wasn the best way to ensure that people would tell it the same way every time. Ooh. You know, because if you have a story in the story, Noah has an arc and he brings the animals in the arc and God tells him he's gonna do this and he's gonna do that. And he does, does it. And then, You know, if you have a story, then that information keeps getting told essentially the same way over and over and over again. Right. Like, we can read the Epic of Gilgamesh today. That's a 6,000 year old story.


Ooh. Something like that. 5,000. Yeah. We can read that today. Yeah. That's nuts. That's right. That's crazy. Because it's a story. Because it's a story. But if it was just people talking about what, what you should do or what happened and You know, like when it's history, man, we can't trust history from the sixties. Yeah. History from the sixties. We're, we're finding out new shit every day about the Kennedy assassination. Yeah. Yeah. If it wasn fucking 63, man. 63. That's 51 fucking years ago. That's insane. And we're still trying to figure out what the fuck happened. Right. And this is like with modern in like, they had television, they had printing press. Yeah. They had all these different things. They had accountability. They had elected officials, they had democracy.


Still can't figure out what the fuck happened. And that's 63. So imagine trying to figure out what the fuck happened 5,000 years ago. You know, it's like who knows who's telling the truth. Who knows that you've gotta like sort through the rubble and figure out what the fucking, the facts show. Yeah. But if you have a story, even if it's like there's something hidden in that story. Right. And he thinks that that's what the, the Apple was and the Garden of Eden. That's deep. That's yeah. All that, all it wasn in story. You think about stories too, is they said, I've never been to the pyramids, but they said that all that stuff on the inside of it is just a story. Right. It's all telling a story to a degree. Degree Hiogly. The hieroglyphs. Phis are like telling stories. Or when they have the guys chasing these things with the spears, they're like trying to show a story.


It's all trying to tell a story. Man. A lot of mushrooms too. Yeah. There's a lot of images then with mushrooms. I, I might Do mushrooms a day. It's my album release today. Today I'm thinking about it. I don't know if I wanna do mushrooms. God, They should be legal. I know, right. God, they should be legal. They should be legal and regulated and people should figure out what the fuck they do. Yeah. Should do a lot of research. Figure out what this is. This might be the thing that gets us out of there. Just So I a micro dosing nation. Yeah. And connects together. I Know every time I've went deep, it was life changing for me. Like, I'll do a lot of mushrooms every now and then. Just like, You know, Ooh, let's get, but anytime I was like, let's go. It was a life changing experience every Time. It's funny that people wanna reject that is not being important. That's what's really important is a key people from like losing their mind and losing their ambition and, and becoming like the hippies were in the 1960s following Timothy Leary.


That's what everybody's worried about. Everybody's worried about like this collapse of society because people, they give up on capitalism and they, they tune in and drop out. You know, that, that whole thing. I don't think that's real. That's right. I think, I think I don't think we should be worried about that. I think those people are always gonna want to drop out. The people that are, that wanna fuck off are always gonna wanna fuck off. And if you give 'em an excuse, yeah. They're gonna do it. But that's just a style of person that's not gonna affect most people. Most people would benefit, especially if they're not crazy. If they don't have like mental health problems, it'll, you'll probably get something out of it. Yeah. I mean it's, it's helped me in some of my most depressed moments.


If I'm really in a dark, dark spot and can't get out of it, my wife will encourage me to go trip. She'll be like, why don't you go, we like, we got this. It's called the Buffalo River back in Tennessee. It's out outside of a little town called Horn Wall, Tennessee. Look old country river man. I mean little country Creek river. I mean, it's a river, but it's kinda shallow. You can see the bottom of it. And we'll go, it's called floating the buffalo. We'll go out there and just float to Buffalo. And every now about twice a year, me and the buddies will go out there and we'll just take six or seven Damn. And just float to buffalo. Damn. So if I haven't got to do it in a year because of the schedule, my wife will feel that on me and be like, yo, you might to go to the buffalo. You know what I'm saying? She's like, well she'll, she'll say it really cool. She'll be like, when's the last time you floated to Buffalo? Mm.


And I'll be like, man, it's been a year, hadn't it? She'll be like, I think you, you and scary. Larry's one of my best friends and he's, I've known, we met each other in juvenile hall. He's a just wild character. She goes, you and scary should go float to Buffalo. She'll just like encourage me. Like she knows I'm gonna come back a way better husband, way better father. You know what the wildest theory I've ever heard about psilocybin is, is that it came from outer space. That it's a, an organism from another planet. And the reason for this is that they know that spores can survive in the vacuum of space. And there's a thing called panspermia when pe permia is the idea of that like an asteroid slams into a planet And it takes amino acids and biological organisms that can survive in space and, and a bunch of different elements from that planet.


And then introduces those new elements to another planet by way of an asteroid. And that's, that's a real thing that we know for sure happens. Right. And they know that that's how we get iridium. There's a lot of iridium on earth, like in, in places where there's been an impact. 'cause it's really rare on earth, but really common in space. So we know that some shit gets to us, and apparently I'm too stupid to understand this, but the way botanists describe it and see if you can find any information on this, there's something very unusual about the compound psilocybin and psilocybin mushrooms, psilocybin ensis mushrooms. They're very weird. And they're, they're, they're not really connected to a lot of the other fungus that's here in some strange way.


Like the way they work is like also very tied into human neurochemistry. Like it's really close to like dimethyl tryptamine, which is the part of human neurochemistry. And so the craziest theory is that it's come from space living. Spores have been found and collected in every level of earth's atmosphere. Mushroom spores are electron dense and can survive in the vacuum of space. Additionally, their outer layer is actually metallic and of a purple hue, which naturally allows the spore to deflect ultraviolet light. And as if all this wasn't unique enough, the outer shell of the spore is the hardest organic compound to exist in nature. Oh. So this is one of the weirder theories.


So this was this Terrence McKenna's theory. Are mushrooms from outer space? Is it bad? It Brings him up. I don't know if it's officially his theory, but The late Ethnobotanist Terrence McKenna suggest that mushrooms are responsible for human intelligence. Yeah. He had a theory, it's called the stoned ape theory. Yeah, I heard about that on your podcast. His theory hypothesized that mushroom sports possess all the necessary requirements to travel on space currents. Furthermore, they could have settled in the brain matter of primitive hominids. And following the lines of modern day hallucinogenic mushrooms directly contributed to our modern day intelligence and self-awareness. Eh, It's fucking wild. Yeah. His theory is, that's why, I mean, if you could see it there, click on that back again.


You could see where it was talking about his theory. So his, his theory is very, very bizarre. So he went on to theorize that mushrooms are the reason there's human life on earth. Yeah. He said, well, it may seem like material from space from a science fiction novel. Rather, there is no avoiding the fact that mushrooms possess many traits that are unique to their kingdom alone. Fungi builds cell walls of, I don't know how to say that word. Chitin. Chitin chitin of the same material that makes up the hard outer shell of insects and other arthropods. I'm so country. I I said chitin. Chitin could be chitin chitin like chitlins. These cell walls contain similar chemicals found in butterfly and beetle wings as well as the plumage of some colorful birds such as peacocks, living spores.


Okay. So we've read that. But what is it, there was something about his theory where he was explaining his theory of how it would've worked over here. That's it. Well, his, his essentially, his theory was that they experimented with mushrooms And it made him better hunters And it made him more creative And it made him figure out language. Ooh. And it's, he thinks it's responsible for, there's like this weird mystery of the human brain size. It doubled over a period of 2 million years. And there's no real solid explanation. It's a very strange thing. And it, the cra apparently the biggest mystery in all the fossil record when it comes to animals and evolution. Really. Like how did, yeah. How'd the human brain double over 2 million years?


Oh dude. It had to have been psilocybin Probably had a part of it. Or Aliens. Right. Maybe aliens. Yeah. Maybe both. Maybe they are aliens, You know, maybe they are aliens. Maybe we're just looking the wrong way. Yeah. Maybe we're fucking aliens. Right. I think we probably are. I think we probably are. It doesn't seem like we belong here. You know what? I tell somebody all the time, my new theory is 'cause my life turned out in such a way I never dreamed that this is a simulation and that there is an overweight, nerdy alien that plays me. And that during my, I think about this all the time when I'm high and that my sleeping hours are like when he's doing his normal stuff and my waking hours are his two hours a day. Mm. And I just imagine this like kid that's looking back like, mom, you won't believe what I've done with that fat dude the last nine months.


He's Fucking Crazy. He's one of the most famous artists in the world. And she's like, you gotta get off. He's like, but he's going to the Grammys. Yeah. It's like a super hype version of Red Dead Redemption. You know, My Dude's telling people like, y'all remember that dude we thought wasn't gonna do it. He did it. Fucking figured it out. If it's a simulation, it's a really good one. We're in a good timeline, brother. Oh, it couldn't Be a bad We're, we're in a really good episode. Oh dude. We got a fucking Good group of writers. He couldn't have got any code. That's like, If you're on a show and you got writers like this, fuck, these writers are amazing. This fucking show is always entertaining. Every day there's some drama. Yeah.


Oh, especially right now we're in the middle of the drama scene. Oh my goodness. There's so much. There's so much. You could get overwhelmed just looking at the fucking news every day. It's a Great time for me to be in the middle of a tour because I've missed it. That's good. I'm doing five shows a week and I'm so in the vortex of touring. Yeah. Good. We do that old school rock and roll shit. So we really do play five shows a week for 12, 13 weeks. You know? That's amazing. It's awesome, dude. But again, that's why you're so comfortable up there. Yeah. You're so just Yeah, It reeks of a man's done a thousand shows. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yep. It's like, it's like when you see a comedian up there really comfortable, it's like when I watched The Tale at the Comedy Cellar when he leaned back on the wall. Yeah. I was like, oh, he's fitting to kill When he just walked straight up and leaned back And then he calls Ian up and Ian's just throwing, You know, just shit at him and he's just lightning in on fire.


It was just, it was so good, man. Yeah. They, they're, that's a good hammer and nail the two of those together. Together too. He did that at the club here Too. Yeah. I feel like it's, it, it reminds me of like the early phases of like a bumping Likes thing. Like a new version of that. Right. Which, 'cause when him and Jeff Ross are together, it's like when David Lucas and Tony are firing on each other. I feel the exact same way when Jeff Ross and David tell are near each other. Yeah. I get that same excited feeling of like, Ooh, some shit's gonna pop off. You know what I'm saying? Like Yeah. When David and Tony go after each other, there's like hours on the internet of just David and Tony shit on each other. It's a hundred thousand ways David can call Tony gay. Yeah. And he's called David a hundred thousand Ways to be Fat.


Just Also the way they laugh at each other doing it. Like if this is a simulation man, we picked a really good one. Yeah. It's getting Kohler and Kohler. Elon believes it's a simulation. He's a lot smarter than me. Yeah. Tell he think he thinks that the odds that it's not a simulation are in the billions. Really? Yeah. In the billions you said. Wow. I'm telling you dude, there's a little dude that's nobody believes that he's going to school every day. Like my Minecraft dude is Killing it. Do you get that imposter syndrome thing ever? Oh man, so much. I am. I'm somewhere between feeling extremely uncomfortable where I'm at in my career right now or overly comfortable where I'm at in my career.


So I'm either having to catch myself and go, whoa, big fella. Right? Come on now, dog. You were just in jail, 10 you are people that knew you six years Ago hate you still. You know what I'm saying? It's like, You know, and then, and then I have situations where I'm like, I don't belong here. I'm having that moment right now. This is, this is my first album, Joe, that is gonna be in a fight for the number one album in the world. Never dreamed. Now this is like, what the fuck am I doing here? You know what I mean? Likes think that's a different world. Do you think that's maybe something that you shouldn't even think about? Because like your music's amazing, you're amazing. Mm. Maybe all that just let it just exist.


No, that's what I, that's what I've been and that's how I, because it's so big now. It's almost like if you pay attention to it, you're gonna go blind. Oh. You know what I'm saying? Like you're kinds staring at the sun. Yeah. You're kind of staring at the sun Like It used to be. You had a little campfire and you're warming your hands 'cause it's cold outside. Right. But now you're kind of staring at the sun and maybe just be Jelly Roll. That's That's what I Yeah. But what Scare being Jelly Roll got me to the point that they're now saying I might have a number one album. You probably, You know what what I'm saying? And then you're in a place where you're like, holy fuck. And that's where the imposter syndrome comes in. 'cause you're like, yo, I wasn't even, That's where friends are bored. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't have a Billboard Hot 100 song. Right. Until 24, 36 months ago.


You know what I Mean? Yeah. I mean you, you exploded. Yeah. But you handle it beautifully. You really do you, Because you feel like genuine gratitude. Yeah. Genuine gratitude comes off of you, man. Thank you. It's real. I am true. You feel it. I mean, You know me, I'm, I'm can't believe this is happening. It Still, I know you can't but you, it's The fucking un wildest thing ever day. It is. Every corner. It's, And we deserve it. I was just with our boy Brigham doing some blood work and getting some, getting some, some, some shit to make my feel better. I rolled my, broke My Heel and we were talking about that of like living in the gratitude of it to the, and realizing even you saying that we're since such a special simulation.


Yeah. Like this ti the time of this, I know I keep going back to the same point, but it's where my heart is right now, is watching me and a bunch of guys that were all at this kind of same thing at the same time three or four years ago, that you could feel the teapot bubbling and all of us being like a little left of center. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like I wasn't supposed to be in country music the way that they've embraced me outside looking in. You'd have never guessed Right outside looking in. You could have never said that Kill Tony would be the number one live podcast on the internet. You know what I mean? Or that Schultz's podcast would be, or that me and Zach Bryan would have this similar, of course he wound up being way bigger than me, but this like similar kind of, were writing songs our whole life that nobody really heard and then all of a sudden they got this just, it's probably the craziest synergies that could have ever happened in any scenario for me in any way.


And it's inspired me to get healthy. It's like gave me purpose. And I've never felt more loved. I've never felt more warmed or welcomed. I spent so much time feeling the opposite of love. You know, even walking in here and playing with Carl, there was a time in my life where I would've walked in here and that dog would've let y'all know I was not a good person. You know what I'm saying? That you would've just looked and been like, why is Carl acting weird with this big guy? You know what I mean? Yeah. Just what's up with kids? Were the same way dude. Kids would look at me and squall, You know what I mean? And it's, it's really inspired me to start focusing on my health too. Dude, I'm down a hundred pounds now. Officially down a hundred fucking pounds. That's amazing. Congratulations. That's really huge, dude.


That's a big, massive accomplishment. Thank You, brother. It's been all food. I'm working out. I'm walking. But what I've learned is as I'm losing the weight. It's inspiring me to just keep going by nature. I wanna go walking, do more stuff. 'cause I fucking, I'm lighter. I feel better. Sure, sure. So when the homie's like, you wanna go play basketball? We're playing basketball three days a week now. Wow. You wanna hear the coolest act of love, Joe. I'll, I'll try not to get emotional talking about this, but my whole band has watched me fight cocaine addiction. They watched me get off Coke. They watched me get off lean. They've watched me figure my life out slowly. And they knew that the last mountain for me was food.


So we started putting a real structure around. I hired a real nutritionist. He's out here with me now. I mean, like, I'm only eating his food. I'm just like super with it. We are getting anything that could, You know, out of the green room. We're just, so, I'm working out every day, walking around the arenas. And one day they have a basketball court because we're fucking playing in a, this is insane by the way that I'm playing fucking NBA arenas. And like, I'm playing Where the fucking Orlando ma I'm on an Orlando Magic Court. Like, what the fuck? I feel I'm, I'm like, I'm fucking Fat Shack. But so the first day it's just like me and like three or four dudes, the crew heard, dude, the next day 30, the whole crew showed up for me. And they don't, You know, these dudes are just, they're just there 'cause they know it's helping me kinda. So now three days a week we're in basketball courts and having full blown fucking tournaments.


Wow. And it's been so good for me 'cause it's like reconnecting to my childhood in this really weird way of like, I grew up in a community where there were basketball courts and we would all go play. You know what I mean? It's like, it's been really like, it's been the best experience ever. And I'm getting to do it in like, back to that weird shit. Not only are you experiencing this with your friends and people you love, and then you're doing it at the San Antonio Spurs Court and the San Antonio Spurs coaches out there giving you pointers and fucking being the referee. That's amazing. And you're, you're who the Sacramento Kings coach is fucking shooting with you. You know what I mean? Yeah. Elon's right. This is a simul. This is not, this ain't real life. No, it can't be. It's unreal dude, leaving nationwide arena. But I, I was also telling Brigham, talking about the humility too, is that I'm still nervous walking in here and we're friends.


And You know what you tell us all the time is what you told Brig. You know what he's gonna tell you. We're just two friends talking. I was like, I know what, 20 million motherfuckers listening, dog. I fucking, I'm not falling for that. We're just two buddies talking shit. Don't look at the sun. That's it. You're right. It's the same thing. Don't look the sun. You know how much I needed to hear that. Yeah. Especially like, 'cause I've, I don't get in my head about stuff, but just this week was the first time the label called and said, Hey, we, we don't wanna, we wanna put this on your radar 'cause it might make you wanna promote the record. You might have a number one album. And I was like, whoa, dude, this shit wasn't even in my mind when I had a number five album last year. You couldn't have told me I didn't have a number one album. You know what I'm saying? Right. I was like, fuck you Crazy. You Know what I'm saying? Is this, what's in that, what's in this one? Water. This is coffee.


That's water. Okay. Yeah. It's, it's a wild experience, man. And if it's not real, boy, we picked a really good simulation. It's been great though, man. It's been, it's Great to hear that you're on this positive track. 'cause it's all now just about momentum. It's just about staying on the course. That's what's hard for people is getting the good momentum. Yeah. I'm building the momentum. I had a moment the other day. I was telling Schultz this, it was a really small win. But for a food, lifelong food addict, Joe, I was up to 550 some pounds. I was having to weigh myself at meat places, You know, and I was telling him that I used to walk in and like a drug addict, I would scan the room and make a count of everything I could eat.


Damn. You know what I mean? Like, if you had like the little baby Snickers and a little thing or duh das and like Mm. The other day I was in my green room and somebody was in the green room and they picked up a piece of candy and said, did you, you you want one of these? 'cause we just got hit, hit a dab or something. And I didn't even know the candy was in there, Joe. 'cause normally they get the candy. They don't put shit like that in my room. And it wasn the first time I was like, oh, I'm on to something. Like I'm fucking winning right now. Right. Like, I didn't even notice I could have been eaten for five hours. Right. I didn't know, You know what? I, I went ate 'em all. I didn't even scan for candy. It wasn't even, it's not even a thought. Now when I walk into places, it's, is there a candy dish here? You know what I mean? That used to be literally one of the first things I would look for, You know, is there a candy dish here?


I've had to make so many different small habit changes. But it's been the fucking, I was just telling Bubba out there and I was telling Bruce on the way in here, I feel this good just losing a hundred pounds, Joe. And I'm still, I've never told my weight, but I'm gonna tell it here. 'cause I want some accountability from people. I'm four 20 something now. Four 20. And imagine I'm, I'm talking, I'm walking around different, talking different. Sure. My shoulders are setting different. I'm fucking my wife different. I'm just kind, You know, I'm moving different, bro. You probably have crazy, powerful legs, Dude. It's crazy. Joe. I bet you have massive leg Muscles. I've been going to the gym now. Listen dude, what? As much as you can fit on that thing I'm Throwing Of course.


Throwing, You know what I'm think About it, man. You've been carrying around 500 pounds. Yeah. 500 Plus Your legs must be sturdy as fuck. No, dude, it's, and if you could lose weight now, you're gonna have like super legs. Should like, keep going. No, Joe. Man, my goal is when I come back and do this next year, it's going to be fucking insane. Like, I've never been more dialed in. I've never cared more about it. I'm never been happier. What Are you eating? Like what has it got eating? Oh dude, man, he's here. He's, he's actually been really killing it for me. So I had from eating bad for so many years, my gut has just been fucked. So we've just been focusing on slowing down the gut. I'm only eating twice a day. I'm eating a fruit snack in between. Do You ever do any fasting?


Yeah, I'm, I'm trying to fast one day a week now, just to work on like the autophagy, so some of these skin cells. So I won't be as, I don't wanna be saggy, You know what I mean? Because I'm gonna lose that kind of Thing. You know that story about that one dude that went on nothing but a vitamin IV drip for a Year? For a year and lost 200 something pounds. I think he lost 300 pounds. Yeah, I've watched that before. Didn't he lose like 300 pounds? Something crazy like that. This dude had no food. Yeah. For you. Just And his fat shrunk. But his skin shrunk too. Yeah. That's what happens. It's called, somebody told me, and I could have the name wrong here, y'all, but it's called autophagy. Have you heard of this? I think autophagy is when You, ain't that where The skin Cells, you, I think your body gets rid of all bad cells. This is like something that comes with fasting.


Yeah. Bad cells is definitely the scientific version of it. Yeah. But I think, I think the way they explain it to me is that it has something to do with the Alexis, Alexis, how do you say It? Elasticity. Elasticity of the skin. And that it's what helps. So that's why we're one day a week at least every other week, I'm just taking a full 24 hours, but I'm only eating probably eight or nine hours a day now anyway. So I'm kind of intermittent. Anyways. That's the real bummer when people lose a lot of weight is that he got all this extra skin. Like Ethan Suli, he had to have all that shit cut and stitched up. I've listened to that podcast with him twice in the last 90 days for y'all's full three hour podcast. His first to here. Just, just to kind of, I love the way he thinks. Yeah. It's just, You know, he's A brilliant Guy.


Yeah. I love, for me, I'm, I'm always looking for like, inspiration as, as a songwriter, we're always writing a song. You know, as a comedian you're always looking for a joke. You know what I mean? So that kind of find, I'm always looking for that. So when I found that pod, I was like, oh, this dude. And he kinda did the, did what I would, how he looks now is a dream scenario for me. He didn't get like crazy big, but he doesn't look like saggy sick. 'cause sometimes when you go from being as big as we've gotten, you get down to 300 pounds and people start looking at you like, are you okay? And you're like, I'm fucking better than I've ever been. You know what I mean? They're worried. Yeah. They're worried. You know, 'cause, but they just couldn't imagine, You know what I mean? Even when I just told, I always forget his name, but your guy out there, the Archer guy worked at the archery store.


Great guy. But I was just telling him that I I I, yeah, same thing. Same, same concept. Yeah. If you just keep going, You know, it'll become normal for you to not eat candy. Lots normal for you to eat healthy food. Its, it'll be what you crave. Lots of protein, lots of bone broth, kind of potatoes. Anything that we're doing, whether it's rice or bone broth, we're not doing a lot of it. But when we do it, we're soaking it in, in bone broth, keeping it really clean. Protein style, kind of going low on fat to kind of get, let my liver kind of reset from just years of me eating foods, fatty foods and shitty, greasy. You know what I mean? Yeah. So just been kind of taking it slow, man.


I'm, I'm enjoying it though. The cool thing is he, he did Bilal Mohammad weight cut. He's worked with dc this guy. Oh, okay. I found him from that world. So he really gets it. And that's A complicated science. Yeah. Yeah. You get those guys like Al's way over one 70. I dunno what he weighs, but I gotta guess he's close to 200 pounds. Yeah. And he cuts down to one 70. Yeah. Perfectly. Yeah. Ian does it every time. Said it's pretty effortless. Man. Ian says that out of everybody that Bilal is just insanely disciplined. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, when he goes into camp, he's like a different dude. Well, that dude does. He's done camping Ramadan. Mm. And You know, you can't eat or drink anything during the daylight hours at Ramadan.


Yeah. So he would've to get up in the morning while it was dark out, have a morning breakfast, go to training, not eat anything and do it two a day probably. And no water. Yeah. And you're training. Oh. And then at the end of the day, then you get to eat. No, he's, he's a machine. That dude is completely, That Leon Edwards fight was crazy. I get to see him tomorrow. He's a great guy, man. Yeah, he's a great guy. He really is. And You know, the fact that he's the, that devout a Muslim that he, You know, prays five times a day. Like he doesn't fuck around. Like he's really by the book. He doesn't even swear. No. He says fudge. Yeah. What's that? Fudge jelly. Jelly jelly. What the fudge are you doing? Yeah. When are you fudging, when are you coming to fudge? In Chicago. It's Ridiculous. He's like this assassin and he, You know, Elsewhere.


I'm gonna get to see the two champs tomorrow. Or you, I'll get to see him and I'll get to see the Venezuelan vixen. Ah, they're both coming. So him and Juliana are coming out to the show. Chicago. Yeah. I'm super excited, man. Nice, Nice Album release night. Chicago United Center. First time at the United Center. Nice, big, big deal for me. Chicago's always a great fucking town. It's such, what's the comedy club down there? Well, they have a, a few, they have, what do they have? Zanies in Chicago. They have another one in Rosemont. Another Z's. The Dorfman Brothers don't have nothing to do with that one though. Do they? I don't know. I don't know. They never know. That doesn't make sense if they don't. Did you hear what they did to the Nashville Zanies? So, You know, Brian and them own that building and the, through the back bar, the, so, You know, the Zanies door is here, the front door, not the door.


We go through the front door, whatever that place was right here. He's turned that into a place called the Lab now. And it's like a 50 person smaller. It would be like the little boy. Oh. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It would be like the little boy. So he calls it the lab at Zanies now. Oh, that's nice. Yeah. It's super, it's really, really cool. They used to have a really good room at the improv in Hollywood. They called the lab and that's where Ari started. This Is Not Happening, which became that Comedy Central show. You know, the storyteller show that all started in that lab. It wasn Ari's little baby that he created. And the, the old way, the com the improv rather used to be set up was amazing. You have the big room and then you have this tucked away small room in the back with a very small bar.


But then they expanded it and made, made the bar bigger and made the stage by the door. They fucked the whole thing up. The whole thing's fucked now. Yeah. It used to be the stage was in the back. You, there wasn't a lot of noise in the room. And then they turned it into a bar and fucked it up. But at that time it wasn what it was called. It was called The Lab. Yeah, no, this place they called the Lab. It's beautiful. Speaking of that show, God, I'd love to see that show back. Not Happen. Show was so good. Yeah. You know what happened with that? You know how it all went down, please. Ari got an offer from Netflix to do a special, You know, he, he actually filmed his special and Comedy Central wanted it 'cause he was on Comedy Central, but Netflix was better for him.


And they were pissed that he was gonna do the special on Netflix. So they fired him. And he's like, he stuck to his guns. And then Roy Wood took over and he did it for a while and it wasn the end of it. But that's why it was because Ari wouldn't listen to that. They, they were trying to force him into doing his special on Comedy Central. Wow. Yeah. And he is like, no, I don't have a contract that I have to do it on Comedy Central. This is crazy. Guys are forcing Me. And they tried to use the show. They did use the show. They fired him. How Fucking Petty they fired him. And not crazy. Say, and not to say Roy Woods didn't do great with the show, but, Oh, Roy Woods is great. I mean, Ari was happy that Roy Woods was took over. 'cause first of all, Roy's hilarious great comic.


But also that meant all the people that were working on the show got to work. Yeah. Ari was gonna take out a loan and he was gonna pay all the people that, all the camera people, all the crew. He's gonna pay everybody their salary Just 'cause he felt bad. He Felt bad. And it was like, this is not, I, this is not what I want. This is not my fault. But they're forcing me into it. And by principle I have, I can't get just give in and say, okay, I'm gonna do this at Comedy Central. But just for, just for just us having fun today purposes, imagine if that show came back right now with Ari. It Could, it Could come back and the, and the explosion that's happening right now. Well, Ari should do the show on Netflix. Yeah. It's his show. I would, He called it, now he calls it R hss renamed Storyteller Show.


Yeah. I think that's what he calls it. Yeah. He'll see. He still does it. But he Should, it's on Netflix now. No, no, no. I said he should do it on Netflix. But he'll still do, he'll still do live ones every now and then. Does live storyteller shows. No, he should do it, man. I think about guys like Brian, I would cry laughing to hear whatever his story was. I think about the Joey Diaz, the Mother Mary story. If I'm going to that. You know, like there are stories on there that Yeah, Everybody's got good stories too. Yeah. People have stories of some fucking nutty thing that happened on the road or what have you. Yeah, No, it's crazy. I'd love to start seeing people in my genre try stuff like that more if they ever did it. Just try to like, I'd love to hear, You know, Jason Aldean tell a story.


You know what I mean? If he really, if he got with somebody backstage, like one of the homies, You know what I'm saying? Like, if Rose Budd was back there with him and was like, all right, let's tell me your best story and I'll punch it up. Right. You know, I mean, I think Jason Alde would at least kill a six minute story. You know what I'm saying? Everybody's got at least one good story. Mm. One that you could concoct. Yeah. One that Put Together the way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's probably the really is probably the oldest form of human entertainment. Yeah. It's funny how, I love when pa I love when anything you talk about has a theme. And this one has been storytelling. And that's, it's, it's all I ever wanted to do before I was writing songs. 'cause I knew that music could be written that way.


I would just write these kind of stories for my mother. You know what I mean? I would just try to, You know, You know the story. We've talked about it a lot. But it wasn a way to connect with her even before music. And then when I found out music was her shit, I was like, oh, this is the double connection. Like, oh, this is, I'm doubling down on this and I still to this day think I'm writing for my mama. Wow. Like to this day, I'm still like, when I'm really finishing a song, I'm thinking to myself, I wonder what my mama would think about this. You know, in this really weird way. Like, first thought like, I wonder Mama like this. You know, wow. Does this represent? And then the second thought is, alright, why does this song exist? That's always my second following thought is, first of all, I was like, well, my mom would dig it. And then the second is, You know what I mean?


Yeah. It's like, and the second, it's like, why does this exist though? You know what I mean? What could it do? What purpose could it actually serve? Right. And if it's, And it could be anything as much as it's just, You know, it's just makes me happy or it could make people happy, or it could make people move is enough of a reason. Out of these 100 plus songs that you've written recently, how many of them you think you'll ever record? I recorded probably 30 something of them. Wow. I'm gonna put out probably 28. And I think four or five will probably end up circulating next year through other artists that'll just cut some of the songs that just, 'cause sometimes I'll write a song show, but I'm just not the vessel. Right. And I know it when I'm writing it.


You know what I mean? Right. Do you hear it in a different voice? Like Sometimes. Sometimes. But sometimes you just know that it's like, I couldn't sing this with a certain amount of conviction. You know, like for me personally, You know, it's not that I couldn't, You know, it's, I don't know. I don't know if this is a good comparison, but it'd be like, I could write a song about hating my wife, but I could never sing it because I don't really hate my wife. Right. I could never sing it with conviction. Now, as an, as a songwriter, do I have the skillset to write a song about hating my wife? For sure. But would I ever sing one and, and, and represent myself that way? And it's just not just, I couldn't sing it with conviction. But there might be a guy in Nashville who just got his heart broke.


Well, You know, Coter Walls, Kate McCannon, that's the mother of all, I hate my wife songs. Oh, yeah. Insane. That's a crazy song. When the fact, the fact that that dude was 21 when he sang that, you're like, what? It sounds like he's 58. I believe in reincarnation. I'm telling you man. There's no other way that doesn't make sense. And if his Story couldn't get any cooler, it's that he just doesn't give a fuck. Doesn't give a fuck. Won't do podcasts. For sure. I tried so hard. It's Crazy. It's crazy. Dude. He told Post Malone, post Malone hit him up and post was like, Hey man, I'd love to work. And pretty much he was like, yeah, if you ever wanna come to the ranch, we, we can maybe write a song or something. He was kids like post's, like, if you wanna fly to the middle of Canada, yeah, we can write a song.


But if you think I'm getting off this ranch to write with you, fuck no. Yeah. He Really works on a ranch. Yeah. That's all. That's how Cody Johnson is too though. Cody Johnson flies out on the, he's a, it's, I joke with him all the time. I'm like, you're a cowboy that plays a country music singer on the weekends. Mm. You like, 'cause You know, I mean, he plays music for real. But it's, he literally goes home in ranches Monday through Thursday, you'll FaceTime this dude and he'll be out just in his ranch somewhere tagging cattle. That's amazing. You Know what I mean? And then Friday night he'll fly and go sell out, You know, two nights at the Staple Center Friday. So I have not experienced any of that, but I swear to God it's So, it resonates with you when you watch it on Yellowstone. Yeah. Right. You're Like, I wanna live like that So Bad.


I wanna hang out with the horses. Seems like a good time. Seems like everybody's all peaceful and shit. We'll stay up and watch the rodeo late at night. 'cause PVR plays on a, You know, TV or whatever. Yeah. And tude. I watch that stuff. I don't know much about it, but I, I just can't quit watching. I think it's the wildest shit ever. Yeah. I watch it for bursts. But then my knowledge of orthopedic surgeries that these people are gonna be receiving and injuries and concussions, they just like, like, I gotta stop watching this. Yeah. I love watching stuff. That doesn't seem real though. Right. Have you seen the, the j is it JB Mooney? Is that how you say his name? Or is it Mooney? Mooney, right? I think It's Mooney. Yeah. Is it Mooney or Mooney? You got me Thinking now, You know. Yeah, me too. But he is, But that dude, he owns the, the cow that retired him. It's crazy.


How Wow. How cool is that? Yeah. Pretty cool. Yeah. But we're talking about a dude that, You know, with Infa, no helmet. Cigarette lit in his mouth. Animal like, oh. Just when you look at Animal, those dudes Rhine Bulls with no helmet on is the craziest fucking American thing that anyone's ever done. No. That is so dumb and so amazing at the same time. Like it is, what the fuck are you doing? It is so American. Dude, those guys, especially when you had the cigarette, you're just Like, It almost looked Like It was out of a movie. Like somebody overcooked It and at the end those guys are always broken. Yeah. Just everything's broken. We had a dude on Fear Factor. It wasn a bull rider. And one of his arms, his shoulder had like, just giant scars all over the place.


City have like five or six shoulder reconstructions. Yeah. It pops out. Sometimes. Has to pop it back in. That Is She Sick? It's crazy. All from riding a, A giant 2000 pound animal that doesn't want you riding. It puts Horns. Yeah. Geez. And when it gets you off of it And it wants to hurt you afterwards, it Wants stomp. Yeah. It's, it's pissed Off. Yeah. Man, fuck all that noise. Yeah. I can't quit watching 'em though. I don't know why. I'm just so a trav. I've always been a trav. I loved, I loved songs about rodeos though is what did it, we talked about it before too. Yeah. There was nineties music had all these like old school really cool rodeo records. And I feel like somewhere it's kinda like everything goes in themes. And then country music went through like, You know, the hunting and fishing era.


But in the seventies it was more of the storytelling era. Like the poncho and lefty style stuff. You know what I mean? But to me, the nineties cowboy music was like still some of the best country music ever Made, bro. You know, who's got the best rodeo song for my money? Zach Bryan Open the Gate. Oh, it's, It's one of the best rodeo songs ever written for sure. Oh my God. 100%. Oh my God. Yeah. Meanwhile I'm listening to him going, get off that bowl. Don't go ride that bull. Don't do it. Your dad's dead. Don't, don't ride the same goddamn bull that killed your dad. Jesus Christ. You wanna hear a cool rodeo story? Reba McIntyre got discovered at one At a Rodeo. You wanna talk about a real cowgirl? Reba McIntyre was like Oklahoma somewhere.


And she would sing the national anthem at all the local rodeos. 'cause they knew she was the local singer, but she was a real cowboy. So one night she was, she was singing in, oh this is, You know, back in the day when it was old school, like a record exec discovered you. Wow. You know what I mean? And like flew you to Nashville and signed you to a record deal. That's a true story though. Reba was just like, did it 'cause she loved it. Like, like if you were singing in church, she'd just, every weekend they'd have the rodeo in town and she'd go sing the national anthem for Wow. How many people are like that out there? When you think about yourself becoming like Artist of the Year at 39, how many people are like that out there that are just super talented that just never get that crack? It's It's, man, There's a thing that's inside some people. There's a thing that's inside some people and it's different in everybody.


Like your different is different than culture Wall's different, it's different than Reeb is different. Different than Johnny Cash is different. Everybody's got that thing. Everybody's got a thing. But there's so many people out there that we never get to see that thing. Yeah. I wonder how much of it is the ones that just jump ship early too though. They quit. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people quit. It's hard. I think about, I think about you doing something for 10 years to no avail. Right. Is really, really hard. Man, you've all, this is what I tell people. I was a desperate delusional dreamer Joe and everything I regret, I did out of desperation. But I don't regret one thing. I did that as a delusional dreamer. You know what I mean? Because there was moments we were, we were, I did this, I went to the juvenile yesterday in Columbus, Ohio.


I went to go play cards with the kids in their units before my show. I tried to do stuff like that all the time. And we were all talking about, You know, time, energy stuff into this and songs. And I talk about writing 170 songs last year. And I was like, do y'all know that? There was so many moments in my life where I, in hindsight, I'm glad nobody sat me down. Really? That I had to have looked fucking crazy. You know, that kid asked me, he said, when did you feel like you made it? I was like, I think that's why God kept blessing me, is that me and DJ highlighted, that's my DJs from Columbus, Ohio. He was there with me. We did the one o'clock slot at Rock on the range 12 years ago. Right. The festival, You know, rock on the Range, Jamie.


Oh yeah. This is the big deal up where Jamie's from. We played the fifth stage of five stages. So we played the smallest stage there 30 minutes after they opened the gates, Joe. We started drinking at 10 o'clock that morning. 'cause we were rock stars in our minds. We had made it. There was, we were that delusional. We were backstage, full blown shooting shots and celebrating. There was 40 people there. There was thousands of people just walking right past our stage to the stage they were going to. We didn't care. We had made it. You know what I mean? Like we made, we, you're telling me we got 1500 bucks to this. This is insane. We have arrived. And I'd go home, my old beat up band and my whole neighborhood probably had to look at me like I was fucking nuts.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But nobody said nothing to me. I had to look like the crazy person kinda of. Right. At this point, I'm in my early thirties. Mid thirties even. And they're like, all right, big guy. You know? But you're a rock on the range. Yeah. You actually, that's felt, that's performing there. That's how I felt. I think you're correct. Yeah. I felt, felt it wasn. I think you should be celebrating. Yeah. You're supposed to be. Yeah. And when I told that kid that it was cool to see his face kinda light up. He was like, man, that's perspective. You know what I mean? Yeah. I was like, dude, I was, I would celebrate whenever I would get a, a clap in here when I was in juvenile, when we would have freestyle Fridays in juvenile. And if I had, if I spit one line that got a Ooh man, I went to my cell, did pushups and started looking in the mirror. Different, You know what I'm saying?


I was like, it's fucking fixing to happen. You know? You know what I'm saying? It's just, You know, that kind of delusional, just celebrate every, every moment I had, I made a moment That what is this? This is the day. Look at you up there. Yeah. This is us. It is a true story. Definitely. Rock on the range. This is Rock on the Range. Dude. This is 2017 probably. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. This, this was our second time. I think we'd made it to the second stage by then. Yeah. This was 16. Yep. This is the second time. It's weird doing shows when it's bright out. Yeah. It's, I'm just getting used to doing shows when it's dark.


I know. Shows when it's bright out are kind of crazy. They're, It's a dude. It is unforgiving. Yeah. Especially when you're, You know, you're trying to, you're, you're working, you're trying to build something, You know? Yeah. And you're looking out and there's a lot of people that are coming to give you a chance. Yeah. But they don't know anything about you. Well, The thing is, if you could figure it out, right. Because people figure out everything. They figure out how to write books. They figure out how to play baseball. People figure it out. But not everybody figures it out. Mm. That's why it's so exciting when you do. Yeah. That's why it's so exciting when you make it. 'cause You know, it's not just that a bunch of lucky things had to happen to you. 'cause they all do with all of us. There's a lot of good circumstances to happen your way just to keep you alive. Right? Yeah.


You have to get lucky. But then you also have to have that thing like, what is that, that thing inside you that you gotta get out and you can figure out a way to get the best version of it and display it for people. Or you quit. A lot of people quit. Man, I tell you a s a, there's a line in the song Joe, that it's an old song. It's called Just Breathe. And she goes the end of the song. She ends the song by going 2:00 AM and I'm still awake writing this song. 'cause if I get it all out on paper, it's no longer inside of me threatening the life it belongs to. Mm. I almost get emotional when I tell people that. Because to me, that is the greatest line ever written as to how I feel.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like this idea that I have to get this out of me. It's like I don't, I I, when I write, it's not like I'm, I have to, it's like a, a thing in me that's burning in me. It's like I have to get this outta me. Yeah. Whether I wake up out, I wrote, I wrote the, somebody saved me on a sheet of paper out of a dead sleep, really notebook side of the bed. I idea. Just like I wrote notes here with you and you'd say something that would inspire me. One of these is a song title right here, right now. You said it earlier. What? Say tell you off, tell you off, tell you off camera. Okay. In case we gotta negotiate a publishing thing. But, But Bert, I wrote a song on the album. It didn't make the album, but Bert one night said something.


He was like, yeah man, this is where Dreams go to die. And he was talking about a bar he used to go to where everybody would talk about what they would do, but never did. Right. So he quit talking about what he was gonna do. But what he don't know is I just quietly grabbed my phone and wrote, dreams die here. You know what I'm saying? I went and wrote the song. It sucked. I'm gonna send it to him. But I tried. You know what I'm Saying? You never know. Maybe revisited in the year or two. Yeah. But I, I I, I, I connect with that in a way that's writing is, it's an outlet for me. It always was. It was always a way to express and to tell stories around me. That It's also a connection to some strange realm where ideas come from. Ooh. Yeah. Ideas that come to you. They just come to you outta nowhere.


They just feel like gifts. They really do. Like, when you're sitting in front of the computer and an idea just comes to you and you start writing it down. Or when you wake up in the middle of the night, take a leak and you can't get this idea outta your head and you gotta grab a notebook, man. Those things are gifts. They're gifts from the universe. You've had that happen too. Time. Time. When you find yourself at the kitchen table at 3:00 AM The worst one is I try to convince myself that I'll remember it. Oh. And I don't write down. And you Back to sleep and you'll Blow it. Yeah. 'cause I'm lazy. I'm like, you're gonna remember. Don't worry about it. You'll definitely remember that. That's right. You don't remember it. Yeah. No, No, no. I remembered like one of them ever. That's, but I write 'em down now. Yeah, I do too. I got a small legal pad beside my bed, like the little one. And I got one. This is a crazy place, but I have one on top of my commode.


Mm. That's a good place for It. So in case I'm going in there to pee or something. And on the way there just, yeah. Because sometimes too, I'll have to grab my phone and do melodies in the middle of the night. 'cause I, I have dreamed of melodies before. Like, you hear it like stone cold melodies in my dreams. Like, there, somebody saved me. Melo was in my dream. Mm. The first words, the problem was me and Dray joke about it, it took us two hours to write the song that would've took us 20 minutes to write. 'cause I was convinced somebody save me was supposed to be the chorus. Oh, interesting. I know, I'm, I know I'm weird when I talk about stuff like this, Joe, but this is how the universe works. I don't think I was wrong. 'cause when Eminem ended up taking that song, You know, Eminem redid that song.


Oh yeah. You gotta hear it. It's crazy. Eminem redid the song and he took the verse from Somebody saved me the first verse and made it the chorus. Whoa. So his version of it is he's rapping. And then my first verse is the chorus. And then he raps again. And my first verse is the chorus again. Wow. So I, maybe I was kinda right. Wow. And the groom, I kept going back to like, you should, should This way. Tell him, did you ever tell him that before you Did that? Never even told him the story. Wow. It gets Joe, I'm fucking flipping. It gets even deeper. Dog. John Neely, my manager calls me and goes, he says, Paul Rosenberg just called me. That's M's. Manager. He says, I think em and m wants to do something to save me. I didn't ask John Neely right then, Joe. I said, man, I hope he takes the first verse and samples it.


That's all I said. And John said, whatever. I don't know what he wants to do with it. We just send it over. 'cause You know, Eminem's the greatest ever. You don't send him instructions or notes or ideas. You know what I'm saying? You're just like, yo. And we didn't talk about that until we met. And he was just as whipped out too. 'cause the funny part about him was he was struggling with whether or not he was gonna keep the original course. And do somebody save me at the end, or do somebody save me as the course and put the original course at the end. And he ended up doing somebody save me in the original course at the end. So he fought the battle the opposite of the way I fought it. Oh, it's crazy, right? How art works that way. It is crazy. It's crazy where those things come from, the muse, You know? And you gotta respect the muse.


You know? And like, I think when you're writing a lot, like you are, like, that muse is like ready to go. Like you're tuned into whatever that is that gives you those ideas for songs. You're just like searching for it. You're in the mode of searching for it. Yeah. No, I'm always, it's like the n Yeah, you're right. I'm in that space. I'm in my stride. Yeah. I'm in my quest of, I'm looking for it at every angle right now. I'm like, I wrote a song. I wrote so many. It's talking about storytelling again. Sorry, I keep going here. It's my fucking storytelling podcast. I I probably have four songs on this podcast that I wrote. Just very old school storytelling. Like the music I grew up loving, like how Willie Nelson would tell these stories of these characters.


And it has been so talking about Muses, I don't, I wasn't sure if I was gonna tell this story, but I, I will, I, as a part of my journey, my mental health and with things I struggle with, I will pop into when I'm home. Na or AA meetings, even though I still drink and smoke pot. I don't, I don't claim to be a part of the program. 'cause I have so much respect for those who are sober. Like can really live the clean sober life by the program. But it's helped me so much not to go back to some of my demons. It's taught me about gratitude lists. It's just helped me a lot. And I go to, You know, a few a year, never say nothing, just sit in the back quietly. I'm just sitting there trying to learn.


You know, never, never went in there thinking like an artist. Just kind of just, just kind of going in there thinking like an addict. So I just wanna be an addict in here. That's why I don't talk. And I watched a man having a breakdown in there. And this happens. You know what I mean? People are coming in here And it, You know what I mean? It's an AA meeting. Right. And he's shaking. And at the end they go, does anybody wanna get a 24 hour chip or a desire to change? And the guy said, I drank this morning, but I do have a desire. And he was already shaking where he hadn't drank in five, six hours. And the guy goes, old head walks over. Most gangster shit I ever seen, puts his arm around him and says, it's all right baby. None of us came in here on a winning streak, dude.


I was like, I had no intention of going to this meeting. Mm. The only reason I even went, believe it or not, wasn't 'cause I was having a craving. Even I had an hour to kill on the way to a writing session. Mm. And I was like, well fuck if I, I could either spend this hour scrolling on fucking TikTok and thinking about how fucking Ukraine's gonna kill us, or, You know what I mean? Yeah. And I went into the meeting and I left and I walked in the writer's room And it was like, You know, it's fun when we write together 'cause everybody's got an idea. I said, boy, I don't know if this is the idea, but I wanna tell you what just happened to me. I just seen the, one of the most beautiful acts of humanity I've ever seen. Just the mo because this guy's shaking, he's crying.


Mm. And this dude's walk. I'm getting emotional 'cause I'm watching it. The whole room's getting emotional. This dude just super cool. Just kinda walks over look like a, almost like, oh, I've seen this before. He was, he was the only one that the, all of us were sad. This dude was happy. He walked over with a smile. Like he'd seen it. He was like, oh, don't worry baby. Nobody comes in here on a wind streak. And So I did some, I went back to the meeting a week later, but we, we started the song, the guy ended up being like 25, 30 years clean. They came in to help the other guy. Wow. So we wrote the song. It's called Winning Streak. It's fucking, I've sung it on Saturday Night Live. Wow. It was cool. It's not even out yet. It'll be out on my album today. But imagine If you didn't walk into that place. Imagine If you didn't walk into that place. Right? Yeah. Just old church basement.


Just how much Time have you lost on your phone where you could have been walking into a place talking to people and getting Winning streak? Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like just, You know, especially As an artist that deals in, You know, to say it again, stories. Yeah. And just, You know, you find things out about people when you see 'em interact with each other. And sometimes it just light a just lights a spark. Yeah. It's just, man you. Yeah. Anytime I see anything that makes me feel something, I feel the need to try to write it. Whether it makes me happy or sad or, You know what I mean? If you really think about like, old school rock and roll, you think about like, classic rock. There's great songs, but then there's these story songs.


You know, like Shooting Star, that bad company song. You know, Johnny was a schoolboy when he heard his first Beatles song. Mm. That's one of those songs that like, everybody listens to the words, You know, you, you just get caught up in the story. Yes. There's a difference between that and, You know, just fun story, fun songs. Yeah. Just fun songs back in black, You know? Yeah. Fun. Yeah. It's not like a story that, like a, an emotional story that gets you, there's some of those songs, You know, American Pie? American Pie. Oh my God. Oh my God. I listen to it once a week in the Cold plunge. 'cause the original version's like seven minutes.


Yeah. So if I start it while I'm getting into my ski song's over, I get outta the cold plunge. Yeah. But it's that song talk. Dude. How about James Taylor? I've seen Fire and I've seen Rain. The greatest song ever written, Joe, the greatest song ever written. Don't listen to that song. When you're Sad Dog. You will. I'll cry if I'm happy. Bubba. Bro, that song will get you Every time. That song will get you. And that's a story Too. And that motherfucker had a voice, Man. He had a Voice. What a special voice. And it was so effortless, Joe. Yeah. He, when he opened his mouth, it was almost like he was just talking to you, like me and you. Right. But he would sing like an angel and You know, he was self-talk guitar.


So he plays like shapes and chords that don't really technically exist. Really? Yeah. He literally, because he self-taught himself, they'd be like, well that's kind of a, it looks like a G, but you're doing this. Not that. It's Like, It was crazy. Dude. He's authentic. My father, who I named Buddies after in my bar was, we were driving down to Gulf Shores, Alabama one time, and I was a kid. And we started listening to Fire and Rain. And he starts, my family would tell these stories about music. I don't know what it was, but before they would play a song, it was like, they would take, and I was like this to this day, I would take great pride in being like, oh, I'm fixing to show you something.


Mm. So I'd give you the setup, You know. So my dad goes, I'm not gonna set this song up. I'm gonna tell you about it afterwards. We're gonna listen to it again. There. Heard it goes. Gimme it from the beginning, Jamie. Mm. This motherfucker. Mm. So look at 'em all. It's long hair. It wasn Before he went bald. When he bald went bald, you said, fuck it. Yeah, it wasn. Hey, Mr. Jukebox James. Oh bro. That guy could not have a fly swatter big enough to swat those panties that were fine with him. What?


He could not Just whack At every corner. Dude. Oh my God. And listen, voice like an angel. All sensitive And hot take. He was married to a woman that is arguably a better songwriter than him. Carly Simon. Carly Simon was so beautiful. God, when she was young, she was like one of the most beautiful women that's ever lived. I love that. None of that mattered to him though. Watch this. So my dad tells me this story, Joe. And we are riding down I 65. I've only seen my father cry three times. Gimme More this Jamie.


Yeah. And we are crying. We are going down I 65 and we are squalling. I mean like two children, Joe. Just authentic. You know what I mean? There's no bullshit in this song. The third verse when he goes, yeah, you gotta let this rip in. Oh, it's a court memory. I'll have forever though.


Well, I watch this. To me, this is some of the best, the whole song. But right here, Easy time with my back turned towards the sun. Ugh. So simple. But real Lord Knows when the cold wind blows, it'll turn your head around. Oh, there's hours of time on the telephone line to talk about things to come. Sweet. Dreams. And Flying Machines. Machines in pieces on the ground. Well seen, seen that.


I thought. Now watch 'em take it up right here. I seen lonely times when I could not find friend, but I always thought that I'd see you somehow. One, I Thought I'd see you one time. There's just a few things coming this time. I see you. I see you.


Damn. So good. Did you? It's crazy. What a team. Him and Carly Steinman. Yeah. Think about that. What was, Bro, you're so vain. Oh my Goodness. Pull that shit up. Yo, gimme a, you're so, and seeing her sing it with that face. Oh my God. God. Oh my God. And was it Carol, what a great song too. Was it, he tore it with Carol King forever. Right. Did they ever have a relationship? Hopefully. Right. You talking about another great songwriter, God, dude, Here we go. While she's playing the piano son With her hair blowing so Eighties in the wind.


Yes. You watch yourself, This pre-course is crazy. They partner your so vain. I Think the song is about you, your soul. You think the song is about you? You But hold on, hold on. Because of the song was about him. He, he's right. Yeah. Right. For sure. You know, Warren Beatie was listening to that song going, I think this song's about me.


Oh. I was like, yeah, I knew I was him. And that's live back when they were like, You know it wasn Live. Live. That Might be one of the first dis songs. Right? Right. That's, I think that's the first discharge. Hold on, hold on. When was the song put out? Say? Is It officially about Warren Beatty? I thought rumors that it was about James Taylor too, because Oh really? I thought it's unconfirmed. Who it's written about. How Dare talk about King that way. You know what, man, it wouldn't shock you. Right. If you found out that the guy was like the the sweetheart, super nice guy was actually a fucking psycho Dude. I've had talking about James Taylor. I've had fans come up to me and they would be crying and they go, I'm so sorry. I'm crying. And every time I tell 'em the same thing, I say, don't worry.


If I ever meet James Taylor, I'm gonna cry for sure. I know it. So I, I'm like 100% I'm gonna cry. Ever Since the singer Releaser accusatory track in 1972, the identity of you has remained one of the greatest mysteries in music history. But she did date Warren Beatty. Right? What year? What year? And it came out in 72 7 2. Well, here's, I'll give you, when did Sweet Home Alabama come out? Look at all the possibilities. Warren Beatty, Michael Creen, Michael Creen, Jack Nicholson, Kat Stevens. Damn. Chris or John Travolta. Even rumored flings with Sean Connery. Marvin Gaye. Marvin Gaye Jagger. Possibility of Mick Jagger. I Bet Marvin Gaye did something different with that. That lady Got around.


She got around with all the talented motherfuckers. She Got around. I bet Marvin Gaye was a monster. Oh my God. I'm just fucking, when did Sweet Home Alabama come out? So, You know, sweet Home Alabama was a clap back track. Yeah. For So it was, it was in the, it was in the dis world too. So I think it was right around that early 70 era too. Yeah. 74. Oh, So it was after that year. So came out before. Yeah. But when did Southern Man come out? Probably the same time, right? It was just a year before. So it wasn 1970. Yeah. Oh no. So it was a few years before. So they wrote it about Southern Man. Is that what they wrote it about? Yeah. Yeah. They were, the idea was that Neil Young was speaking a lot about what was happening down there in the south at the time.


And Ronnie's position was just simply like, Hey man, we stay the fuck outta your business. Stay out of ours. Yeah. You know, a southern man don't need him around. Anyhow. Yeah. You know, it's how kind of how he came back. What a Banger of a song. What A banger. What a dis what Banger you talking? I mean, that that is a gr sweet home man. Gimme some of that. Yeah, please. Damn. That's a good song. I mean that's, I mean, all respect to Neil Young. Yeah. That's better than anything he's ever done in his life. No, no. Neil Young apologized later was really cool. He owned it. He, he, he publicly said Ronnie was right. Well, You know the Lyrics. Yeah. Name Neil Young, his name checked and dissed. Yeah. I don't think they thought about it that way back then. It reached number eight.


The billboard Hot one night. Gimme some Sweet Home, Alabama. Yeah. That's a song that you hear in the bar in the first couple of chords play. And you go, oh yeah, Dinner. You just immediately stand up. You're like, oh, we're in the party. Oh baby. And I'm, I hate to be this guy, but I immediately look around and I'm like, everybody in here who doesn't know this song, I don't know that we can be friends. How do you, if you can't at least sing the chorus or if you don't go dinner, dinner. This might be one of the most recognizable songs ever. Is this gonna be a live video too? You just like to go for the live one? Especially this one. Yeah. Still Oklahoma. I love it. Once again, look At these bad motherfuckers.


Oh, they were so fun. You wanna talk about people that couldn't get the pussy away from them And they're from Florida? No. Yeah. Yeah. 70 motherfuckers. So that's Ronnie. Oh no, that's Johnny once again. How great Gary Rossington was. He, to me, he's the greatest guitarist that ever lived up there with Hendricks in them. He's on Mount Rushmore guitarist, because I can't name another guitarist.


Clapton, of course, that has more rifts that you want to go. You want hum. Right, Right. Because like Thinner. Thinner. Yo, the Freebird solo. Yeah. You know what I'm Saying? In the way about Yeah. Gimme three steps. Yeah, yeah. You're like, you can, there has not been that sense if you ask me. Right. You know what I mean? Like him Clapton Hendricks, like they had those kind of guitars. But this was different 'cause it was riffs, right. It wasn't like a solo. They were singing over these riffs.


Right. And the riffs were bigger than the melody. Sometimes They captured you. If you tell somebody right now, like, have you ever heard the song Sweet Home Alabama? And they go, how's it go? You wouldn't go sweet. You'd go, Yeah, It's crazy. That's how good Gary was. Man, That solo in Freebird is insane. Oh it is. It's the best solo ever. Ever. It's hard to say because of Hendricks and Steve Ray Vaughn and a bunch of other people, Eddie Van Halen. But that solo was the same every time they did it. Oh, The story. That's the story about Sweet Home, Alabama. They're sitting at a sound check and it's just Ronnie and Gary and Gary's holding electric. And he goes, man, I got this.


I just don't know what to do with it. It's been here, been here, been here. And Ronnie goes, well hell just keep playing it. Let me fuck with it. So they just looped that and that's how they wrote the song. Just them doing. Yeah. Dude, I'm So, I'm such a, I have like Skinner to me is like Jesus. You know what I'm saying? I'm a giant Skinner fan. Yeah. And You know what I love about Skynyrd too? They came out of Florida. Like, who would've saw that? No, dude Jackson. Who would've saw that? Straight Outta Jacksonville, Florida. What? Jacksonville's not gonna make any amazing bands, dude. How's this band come outta Jacksonville? And every song is about running away from girls. Everyone, I gotta go with ladies. Yeah. I gotta be free. It's all the time. Gimme two steps. I love you, but I gotta go. It's crazy. You know what I'm saying? I gotta go.


Yeah. I gotta go. Oh dude. They were the best man. When Gary, when Gary's family gave me that guitar after he passed away, it still is up there with like my top probably 10 possessions that I've ever been gifted. You know what I mean? Of, I have it in my studio now. And I, I hung it in a case with the note that his family wrote me with the picture that we took the night. He played the guitar and I put a lock on the case instead of just casing it forever. I put a lock on it So I can still play it. So when we do the album, there's a couple of tracks that we played a Gary Rossington guitar on. Oh, wow. You know what I mean? Because it was a Gary Rossington played guitar. Wow. And his family gave the estate, gave it to me right after he Passed. Does it sound different? It's got, well it's, it's, it's an old Les Paul and it's older, so it's got a different pickup on it.


So it's got some different tunes and textures to it. What's the difference between like the older pickups and the newer ones? I don't know. I'm not as educated in it as most, like real guitarist. I'm a, I'm a campfire guitarist, but it's, You know, over the years they always found different ways to make 'em so they were, as they were improving them, but the sounds and textures were getting different. Mm. So, but I forgot exactly what he does. 'cause he takes a pickup from another guitar and puts it in too, I think in a, most of his guitars, because there's a lot of real guitarists that'll like, they'll wanna play this guitar, but they'll wanna put this from this guitar on this guitar, because That's their shit. Yeah. Yeah. Because they like the way, well, I like the pickup on this, or I like this and this, or I like the way this, You know, whatever makes sense. And then they'll have a kind of hodgepodge like that. But, You know, something else, when Gary survived that plane crash, let's think about him playing guitar.


He, he, he, he had a rod that went from right here, Joe, to his elbow. Oh my God. And still played the guitar that way. So if you ever watched Gary play the guitar, he always kind of played it high, like Charlie Crockett. But it was, or, or, or down here like this. Because he couldn't, he couldn't full blown get full extension on the wrist. Yeah. So he was playing all those from 70 whatever. The 70. What? When was the plane crash, Jamie? You know, not off the top. I figured you might know off the top How many people died in the crash. I know Ronnie did for sure. I think it was two or three. Wasn't Ronnie standing up? It was In 77. So, Man, so that video you just showed might've been one of Ronnie's last performances.


He was standing up when the plane crashed. Right. Wouldn't sit down. He was drinking. Yeah. They were Just partying. They were just Lynyrd Skynyrd, dude. You know what I'm saying? If he sat down and put his seatbelt on, he might be still be here. It's Crazy dude. It is. It is crazy, man. God damn. Was it, you said it was 77 3 Days after their fifth album was released? Yeah. Street survivors. Yeah. Wow. Just totally different, man. I've, I've gotten so far into their, we've, we've been covering Skynyrd on the road for years and years. Anyways. Just, I, that's probably not a Skynyrd song I can't play, You know? Right. If we were to go to a bar tonight, you could probably just randomly pick a Skynyrd song and I'd go up there and be able to just kill, just love Skynyrd too.


You know what I mean? It is just, They were awesome, man. We, they, they were gone too quick, You know? And I know they toured after. Yeah. Ronnie died and, but it wasn't the same. Yeah. You know, the breeze, they still tour. And one thing, I, I don't, as a diehard fan, I don't object to it a lot. Now that Gary's gone, it's a little rougher. 'cause he was the last living one. 'cause Johnny Van Zant, which who, how are him and Ronnie Key, and I always confuse it. They're cousins, right? Are they brothers? Because remember the three Van Zts do wanna talk about a family. Joe Johnny, Ronnie Van Zant created Lyner Skynyrd was the first lead singer. Johnny Van Zant took his plot when he died. And the other Van Zant brothers, the lead singer at 38 special. Crazy. The younger Brother. Yeah. It's the younger brother.


So his younger brother took right over. And like I tell people is there's the average Lynyrd Skynyrd fan that's not like me. And you like obsessed with him to a degree. They don't know anybody other than him to be their singer. Right. Because he's been their singer 44 years longer than Ronnie was. That band was only been out for four years when Ronnie died. Right. You know What I mean? So it's like an ac DC type thing. Exactly. You know what I mean? So it's like, and the fact that it's a true Van Zant and Johnny's still the lead man to this day. So when I go see him, I still feel like I'm watching Ronnie a little bit. Looks just like him. Still got the same long hairs Johnny Van Zt dude. You know what I mean? Ronnie was a fucking psycho though.


Nah, he was. That's the difference. Johnny's like a really, really calm, cool man of guy. He's also older now. You know, these dudes are all Ricky Medlock and them. He was with the original group too. Pretty much. He's still there. Them dudes are all in their seventies. Yeah. And then nuts too. 'cause when we were kids, we never thought that rock stars would be touring in their seventies. They're gonna come out for my Jacksonville show. They came and sung the last time. Really? Yep. That's Amazing. Johnny and Ricky always come out and sing, man, they're fun. That's awesome. Yeah, dude, it's still, it never gets into, Dude, look at you. You're living the life. It's fucking weird, dude. Living the life. It's the shit We grew up listening to. I'm saying. It's like, I don't know, man. It's Weird when you meet people that you, that were real famous when you were a kid. Yeah. That to me is always gonna be the weirdest one. It's the one Steven Tyler. Yeah. Like that meeting, that dude meeting people like that.


It's just like, you just feel weirded out. I met Tarantino. I was like, Oh dude, This is weird. Yeah. Especially is this weird? Yeah. Especially people you watched back in your childhood. Yeah. Out of all the comedians I met, the only one I've probably ever been made an ass of myself to is Ron White. 'cause I literally have watched him since I was a teenager because he was such a voice for, I don't want this to come off disrespectful, but being from the south of my household, we thought Jeff Foxworthy was incredibly funny. We liked his books more than his comedy though, because we felt like his comedy almost felt a little forced to us as southern people. It just didn't sit right as You know, in my household. In what way?


In this way of like, There's different, you might be a redneck. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? If your family tree does not Fork, it was hilarious by we, no, all the books we religiously, but when we're watching the blue collar special as a family, and I know this wasn't the way to watch it. In hindsight, we're all waiting on Ron. You know what I mean? There's nothing wrong with that. He's, he's the voice of our household. But I'm also in a household full of drunks. By the way, my father's a raging alcoholic. My mother does drugs. All my brothers do drugs. Yeah. But it was like, You know, we loved, we loved Jeff. We love, we loved Bill Larry, the cable guy. But man, when we just, Ron was our, You know, he just spoke to what our household was doing. You know what I mean?


Yeah. So when I met him, it was kind of like, man, I gotta tell Mym fucking mama. Well, When he first started hanging out at the store about like, I guess it was about 10 years ago, he never had like a club like that before where it was like a home base. You know, he was always a successful touring comedian. So he'd bring guys to open up for him on the road, but it was basically the Ron White show. Then he started hanging out with us at the store, and he was like, man, this is what I've been missing. You know, been missing like a real comradery. Like the base, the, the home base where everybody goes and just hangs out. Makes all the difference in the world. It is. No. Well, iron sharpens iron too. Yeah. When you're in Nashville too, I mean, think about how many different amazing artists there are that you go see live in Nashville just fucking around on a regular night.


For sure. Yeah. Dirks Bentley goes and plays this like with his bluegrass band, like a 200 person bar every week. That's amazing. You know, like his little subversion of a bluegrass band. It's talking about our, that's how I feel about our songwriting community too. I've, I've wrote in LA and I've had big songs come out of la but Nashville is just, man, it's, it's the Killers. You know what I mean? Is the dudes that are just the, the, the dudes and girls down there that are in those rooms every day are snipers. They've been doing it forever's the same thing like you do in all those shows. Yeah. It's the same thing. Like them Right. You just get real good at your fucking job. For sure. And you get to know how to pivot. You know what I mean? Like, that's something else that comes with being on that stage a bunch is like, the more you do it, the more circumstances you've been up against.


Nothing starts to scare you no more. Right. Like even if I walk out to a crowd, like if I'm opening for somebody still and I walk out and I'm like, ah, I'm gonna have, I'm gonna have to really work for this one. I'm not panicked. Right. I've done it enough now. I'll even watch some guys in my band get a little panicked. We'll be on the second song and you'll see 'em going like, why are, they're not just so excited we're here. I'm like, just relax. It's okay. We're gonna get there. You know what I'm saying? Let's just have Fun. The hardest spot is opening on a comedy show. It's brutal. I tell every comedian that opens for me. This is like running with weights on. Yeah. Talking about like the one of three. Yeah. Not the feature slot. The number one first guy. First guy on stage. That's the hardest gig. Yeah. And it's the gig for the guys that are the youngest. Yeah. That are the earners. They're learning it. They, they, they don't really know how to do it yet. You know, and you're Kind of responsible for getting the first laugh of the night.


You Are 100% responsible for it. That's a man. You gotta break the room. Yeah. That's, you Gotta break the room. That's why Hans Kim was like our best opener because Hans Kim has structure. Yeah. All his jokes have structure. So he puts you in this mode of laughing at ridiculous shit. And he puts you in this Like, it's like a very structured set. So he gets people into like the hypnosis of comedy. Right. You get locked into laughing and then boom, next comedian goes up and the the bar's already set. Yeah. You're already loose and everybody's running. But that first spot, man, you gotta like, It's the Yeah. Same with us. Yeah. That you, if you're one of three Alexander K's doing on this tour and she's killing it, but It is a rough one. 'cause you, one, you've got your fans that knew you were one of three and they showed up early.


So that's what, that's the only thing you have to advantage. The rest of it is people literally walking in with popcorn and beer in their hand wondering why the show's already started. Yeah. You know what I mean? Right. Exactly. You Know, I, I've had, I, I tell people all the time, you're not gonna be a good performer until you performed in a place where people looked at you like you were interrupting them. Right. You know what I mean? You ever been to a place where you're like, Hey, I'm sorry I'm bothering y'all by playing loud music up here. You fucking knew you were coming to a bar bitch. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's just, You know. But those are the funnest too, though. I got to open up from Morgan Wallen this year a few times And it was really fun because, and the last few years we've just been headlining. We haven't got to really, You know, go out and do something. It wasn so much dramatically bigger than us that it made sense for us to do it.


And I love Morgan, so I was like, I'm in. And, and we went out there And it was cool Because you feel it immediately. You're like, even with the hits I have, You know, there's 70,000 people here that bought a ticket to see Morgan Wallen for they knew my name was on the bill. Right. You know, so there's a lot of people here that are with me, but I'm still having to tell, You know, I'm still up here like, oh, okay. Tonight, You know, I say there's three scenarios in my business, and I don't know if this is probably different for y'all's, but in mine. But three scenarios are, this one is the You're welcome. We're here. Right. Which is the simple, like, thank y'all. We thank each other. You came to see me. I'm gonna give you a great show. Thank you. It's the easy one. Right. The the other one is the thank you for listening.


I appreciate that you gave me enough respect that you sat here and listened to me. And the third one is the one that makes men. It's the Hey motherfucker, I'm singing. Yeah. And you have to go through a couple hundred of those before you get good. You know what I mean? Like, I don't care. And that's what's been so about like the TikTok explosion is you have these kids that'll have this big hit Joe and they'll have five or six hits in a row and they can start selling 2000 seats at a theater overnight. It's kinda like the podcasters that have a quick, quick flip and they go to the comedy clubs on a Friday. Yeah. But can't make nobody laugh or stay. These kids go straight into 2000 seat rooms and then stand up there. Like, I've never done a fucking show. I've never stood in front of anybody.


Oh my God. Imagine getting a big TikTok hit Joe. Never doing a show in your life and showing up. You know what I mean? Or imagine it's even worse. They put you on an opening tour for somebody. They're like, we got an amphitheater act that'll let you be two of four. This'll be great. And you're going out there looking at 6,000 people. Oh my God, you've never stood up in a bar. I'm watching it happen to people all the time. I'm having to grab these kids and kind of mentor 'em now. And it's the flip side of it where like booking agents are dragging them to the slaughter Of course. Because, You know, they just wanna make money. They don't give a fuck. And, and, and here's the problem. Imagine your kid. You're 20 years old, 22 years old, you've got a big successful record and you're going to meet booking agents. You're excited. I've been there. You know, and the first one's like, we're gonna put you right in 2000 seat rooms.


You're gonna get $22,000 a night. You're like, whoa. What a night. And we're gonna do it three nights every weekend. Oh my God, I'm rich. I'm buying a corvet. It's fucking it immediately. And then you go to the next booking agent and they're like, now hear me out. My plan is for you to go play these 200 cap rooms like the Hi-Fi in Indianapolis, the end in Nashville. We're gonna go do that for six months. We're gonna get like 40 shows under your belt. You'll get like 1300 bucks a night. 1200 bucks a night. And they're like, fuck you. The other guy just said, I'm getting $25,000 a night immediately. Yeah. But that's what do it. But this guy actually knows what he's doing. Yeah. That's the way he do it. You know what I mean? This guy actually is doing it. Right. But he always go, they go back to the money.


Yeah. And it may end up having to circle back and they gotta re-fire it out. Anyway. You, I tell people all the time, you might be able to skip the line a little bit, but you can't cheat the game. You know what I mean? You gonna have to put them hours in one way or the other. Bubble The same thing with fighters. Mm. You know, I see fighters that come out and they compete in the UFC and like their first fight. They look fantastic and they're fast tracked. Mm. And sometimes guys get broken because they, they meet top flight competition before they're really ready. They're really like an up and coming fighter honing their skills. And they run into a Wiley veteran who's like a top 15 guy and they get fucked up and they're kind of never the same. Yeah. Because they really shouldn't have been fighting that guy. Whereas boxing is a lot more clever. If they have a guy who's like a Terrence Crawford or someone's a really good fighter, they'll match 'em up correctly until they can make the big money and until their skills are at a very, very high level.


And then they start challenging for a world title. Yeah. But they prepare 'em, they get 'em, they put 'em, the, the thing about the UFC is sometimes you just get thrown right to the wolves. Yeah. And if you're John Jones, that's fine. Yeah. You know, John Jones wins the title at 22. Yeah. You know, but most guys are not John Jones. Yeah. And most guys could be a, like an elite fighter, but the circumstances just derail them before they ever get there. It burn 'em too early, man. Yeah. They burned 'em too early. You know, the, and it's like one, the perfect example of this in the USC to me is one guy could be Sugar Sean, who went on to be that guy. Right. Immediately. I know he just had his loss, but I mean, he still looks like sugar to me. You know, that kid's tough.


And the other one could be that kid that we all love, but, well, I I always confuse it. Was it Hooper or Hopper? The 19-year-old kid. He had a sugar Sean kind of thing going. He was a, he was a contender series guy too. Chase Hooper. Hooper. It wasn him. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And to me, that's kind of the tale of the same kid. You know what I mean? Where it's like for sugar kinda work. But he's, I tell, this is what I tell my people. Chase Still has a shot. He's still super talented. He just had to really get better at striking. Yeah. He's just young and has to circle back. Yeah. But he got a lot better. He got a lot better at everything. He's really good on the ground. Yeah. No, the kid, the kid's great. He also went up to 55, which I think was big because he was, he was killing himself. Yeah. Good. Yeah. No, you could tell it was a big weight. 'cause especially for such a kid, his frames, they, they're kids.


I think we still haven't seen what Sean's real man body's gonna look like yet. Completely. He's just now turning, well, Sean's 30. Is he 30 now? Okay. So we see him. But what they say it's 25 or 26 now before you actually see a full development. Well, You definitely see some of these guys that are coming in that are 22, that are still growing. They're still getting bigger. Like Raul Rosas Jr. He's 19 years old. Yeah. And that kid's still growing every time you see him. He looks more muscular, more jacked, You know, he's still in his prime. Yeah. I mean, not even close to his prime. He's just still growing up. Yeah. There's still, that's a Yeah, that's a, that's a, there's a growing thing that's, yeah. I guess it's different too, man. I'm thinking about that kid like Chase is that getting put into that national spotlight at the biggest fighting organization in the world at 19.


You know what I mean? Yeah. And you're like, Vore Sweat is the defensive end for the Tennessee Titans. I'm a huge Titans fan. He was our first round, first round pick this year. Defensive end. I went to go hang out with him. 'cause I just think he's great. I think he's gonna be a superstar. He is 22 years old. He's probably 6 5, 300 something pounds. True. And he can't grow a full beard jet. You know what I mean? You know what I'm saying? Like, he, he's still, it's patchy. You know how it is when you're in your early twenties, it's still patchy. And I'm looking like, and I'm looking at Jeffrey Simmons, who's our veteran defensive end who's six six. Just cut like a, and I was like, oh, that's where you're gonna be at in four years.


Three years. You know what I mean? Because we picked up Jeffrey Simmons as a rookie too. It's like even at 22 years old, they haven't fully developed in yet. Right. You know that dude, I'm looking at Diandre sweat right now and I'm like, you still got a baby face. Like you still got a, You know what I mean? Look at big baby. Look at baby face sweat. You know what I mean? The size. Look. But you see this face of him right here. Yeah. That's all you need to know about his personality at Big Face. That's who he is as a human. He's the sweetest dude ever. But you can still tell by the look of his face, You know what I mean? That face is gonna slim down and get a little more, You Know, that's the craziest job. Yeah. Being a pro football player is the craziest job. It's Because you are, you're literally in a car wreck every day. Especially guys for their position. They're in a car wreck every play. Yeah. I think about this offensive lineman.


Defensive lineman, guaranteed full contact every snap. A hundred percent every time we snap the ball. 'cause like the ride receivers, they're gonna hand fight backfield. They're, there's gonna, there's gonna be some action, but not full contact every play. Right. Every single play. As soon as they say what this two linemen are, fucking collision Cosing Jesus and trying Jesus. And they're both hitting each other with the intention of try to knock the other one down first. Right. Yeah. The goal is like, if I could hit you and knock you down and go right past you after that, I just gotta fight my way Around. And they're all 300 plus pounds of solid muscle. Huge, Full blown athletes their whole life been playing since they were eight. You Know what Im saying? All winding with each other. Yeah.


And that's the American sport. Yeah. It's a totally, yeah. Just full. I mean in full speed. Any kind of crazy that that is the American sport. I mean, what other countries even played other than Canada? Yeah. Who else plays football? Oh, like American style football. They don't even play it overseas. Yeah. They don't even touch it. No. It wasn. When Nate, when Nate Bari hosted Saturday Night Live, not this time, but last year he did that ski, that skit joke about it coming from the uk. And he was like, and we will have a sport named football. And they were like, oh, we, you'll kick a ball. They'll go, no. And they'll go. So you never kick the ball. They go sometimes. And it's, It's so funny about trying to explain football to somebody not from here.


It's bizarre that we didn't call it a different thing. They were calling it football And it was soccer. And we just said, nah, we're gonna change the name of that. We're gonna call it soccer. Yeah. And this is football now. What are you talking about? It's The American white dude. Yeah. It's like, hey, we don't care how y'all do Temperature everywhere else. Yeah, Exactly. Fuck you. We go with degrees Fahrenheit bitch. Yeah. Fuck. We're gonna create one. Fuck your metric System. Metric system is so much more efficient. We're like, nah, no, you'll, I don't Like It. You'll love that Nate skit then. 'cause that's what he does. He just kind of goes through trash and all these ideas. The best part is Keenan looks at him at the new skit and goes, what about my people? Will the slaves be freed after the war? He said They will be freed after a war.


He said, but not this one. Just fucking, I don't know. It was a good ski man. It was really funny. Outside of that. He's a funny dude. Another Nashville guy. Love him man. Big, big. Have You know, have you seen Theo thinking of Nashville? Speaking of Nashville guys, you've seen Theo do his impression of you. Oh yeah. It's the fucking bad. It's my favorite thing ever. Shelly, At every acceptance speech. See if you can fight it, Joey. I want to thank the concrete lady. Oh, dl. He did it with him. And Joey DLL wins an award. He gets out there and he is like, I, I just wanna thank, right now there's somebody's stuck under a bridge.


There's somebody out there who got some with 11 foot in a size eight shoe. I dead a macaroni grill now I'm a grab woman. I gotta tell you to keep it. It is a simulation, Joe. Yeah. I think it might be. I Could, I, I just couldn't believe that I'd be at a place where Theo Vaughn would one be my buddy. He came to my LA show. It just made me so happy. I almost cried when I seen him. I was so excited. But then to have him, You know, just, fuck dude. I was, I've said this a lot. There's a dream for an artist.


There's nothing more pop culture than being brought up in a comedy special. Like if you was an artist back in the old days and you got brought up on an HBO special, you were on fucking fire. You could not be bigger. You know what I'm saying? Right. So it's like I have those, that's to me is like those unreal moments when you watch a guy like Theo with his platform impersonating me to to a t and we're friends too. And it's just like, man, I would've never even, I never thought I'd win an award to give a speech or more or less that the speech would be so viral that a comedian would have a impression of it. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like, it's the, I don't know. It's the greatest. That's the greatest compliment you can be paid in pop culture is if a comedian will burn on you a little bit.


That's hilarious. That one was perfect. I'm still like, that's my, like the first time I get dropped in a special, I'm gonna lose my shit. It's gonna remind me of little me watching HBO specials. You know what I Mean? Well if someone's listening to this right now, some comic's probably gonna write a bit. Put you in there. Don't be mean. No, just be funny. Just For fun. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe it's Theo. Yeah. Right. Maybe. Maybe Theo will do that in a special. Theo Theo's such a, I I, I don't, we're trying to steal him from Nashville. God, I'm Trying to Steal him. Well listen for what it's worth, I don't, I think the wife and I are on the way to Really? Yeah. You know my wife, my wife was born in Houston. Oh, Okay. She's always had Texas in her heart. I went out on the river up here And it just, come on.


I'm coming. Come On over. I'm telling you man. I love it dude. I just love the city. I love the space. I've, before I got here last night, just the few people that knew I was coming, I'd already got text from my friends down here, from Carrie to Bruce to people that, You know, just, just, I was just, even my wife was like, you love it there. I was like, she loves Texas. Anyway, so she's all in. We're talking about it. It's Real tough. That's beautiful. Yeah. Be cool. We'll always be back and and forth because Nashville's always Nashville to me. Are you friends with Gary Clark? Yes. Yeah. I love Gary Clark Power. Gary Clark's a wizard. He's a wizard. That's something else. I was talking to his man, his manager's name. Scooter. Have you ever met Scooter? Yeah. Scooter's the best. And I was like, I think if I came down there, we would get, You know, if I brought the culture the way I approach songwriting in Nashville here, I think we could have a little paradigm shift down here too.


Why not? You know what I mean? That's good. That's why he was, you Feel me? Let's jelly. Let's go. Come on Joe. Broken a musical mothership. Hey, let's go. I've told you this before Drunk and I'm in it then. And I mean it. Now. I'm going to come to you one day and you're, it's not gonna surprise you, I hope. And I'm gonna with a concept about doing the mother, you just giving me the right to call it the, the music mothership in Nashville. I'll Give you the right right now. Alright, cool. Go For it. I got a plan, man. Because what y'all do for comedy, we have singer. Have you ever been to a writer's round? No. Joe, when you come to Nashville, please, please come a little early. Lemme take you to a writer's round. Okay. You will have a ball. So what happens is, the songwriters who are writing all these big hit records in town come and they go to these bars and they do writer's rounds.


They'll set up three or four bar stools and every songwriter will have a guitar and they'll sing a song they wrote and tell you the story about the song. Oh. And it's the coolest. It's the coolest thing ever because it's a dude don't, not being funny, but a dude that looks like me if I wasn't me or a dude that looks like young Jamie. And then he sings live Like I'm Dying by Tim McGraw. And he tells the most heartfelt story about where he was at in his life when he wrote the song and how he came up with the concept for it. Oh wow. And it's this beautiful thing. And there's only one place in town that's really famous for it. It's called the Bluebird Cafe. They happen everywhere. And the first time I left the mothership, I was like, I'm doing this for music.


I'm gonna create this same culture for our songwriters. Because what happens is, if you can create a place where people feel safe, they show up. Yeah. So what happens is, 'cause like I don't go to the Bluebird Cafe a lot because it's a pain in the ass to get in and out of. So if one of my friends calls like, Hey, I'm at the Bluebird. It's a legendary spot. And I love it. They're like, well you come sing something with me. It's like, oh. You know what I mean? There's no structure. It wasn, you built your club for comedy. You knew that if the comedians were happy, they would show the fuck up. And that if you did everything you could to cater it to the comedians first, that they would come and bring their best and the best comedians would be there. Which means that people were gonna come see the best art. Right. Same concept I'm gonna try to do with music.


It's my next move, dude. Let me open my bar first. Bub. Now I'm gonna circle back about this. Do it. That's a great idea. I just want your right to call it. I don't want no money. A hundred percent. No do it. I just wanna call it the music mothership. It's a great idea. And I'm gonna, and we'll talk about the logo. 'cause I wanna kind of do a music. I wanna be like a guitar version of The Alien. You know what I'm saying? Do it. Do it up. Do it up. Imagine your little alien with a guitar. You know what I'm saying? And call it the music mothership. Why? Well, the, the idea behind it, you could definitely apply to music. Yeah, for sure. Same kinda idea. Take the phones. So we, You know what else, what happens too? I thought about this. If I take the phones like y'all do, then it becomes a laboratory. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Because then it goes from like, not only will I sing you the hit I just wrote, how about I got a song Morgan Wallens finna put out next month.


Ooh. That nobody's heard. Ooh. Ooh. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's a safe place. Morgan shows up to sing it. Nobody's videoing. Nobody's picturing. People know it's a laboratory too. And that's another exciting thing about it. Like when you go to the mothership, you go to that bottom of the barrel show. That's a full laboratory show. My favorite show I've seen There. Nobody knows what the fuck it's gonna be about. You just reach into a barrel and pulling out suggestions. Yeah. That a bunch of people that are mothership fans wrote on paper. Yeah. I've It gets wild immediately. They're fucking Not, there wasn't a warmup question. It's automatically to the Brian Simpson is so good at it, by the way. He's Yeah. Well it's his show. But the reason why it's so good is 'cause it's like a premise factory.


Like you, you just get ignited by this thought that you didn't think of before then. Like in that moment someone says something about firetrucks and then you like, You know about firetruck and then all of a sudden there's a bit. Right. Like all of a sudden because of necessity because you're forced into the situation where you're trying to like, it's literally like you're calling on the muse on the stage. And You know, a lot of times it's nothing like seven out 10 times You ain ain't got shit for that bit. Mm. But every now and then you catch fire and that becomes like a bit Oh, you've had, have you ever had one birth into a bit? A bunch of 'em. I'll tell you which one's off stage. Okay. Or off, off camera. Oh. But a bunch of them. A bunch of them. That's awesome. Yeah, a bunch of them. 'cause it's just like that that that little room too is like, so like you can't bullshit anybody in that little room.


No, I Like It. It feels like we're all sitting Indian style together. Yeah. There's only a hundred people in there. Yeah. 110 I think is when it's fully packed. Dave was the first person to go on stage there. Really? Yeah. Well actually Shane first, Shane opened for Gillis. Gillis opened for Chappelle. We didn't even tell the audience who was going on stage. We just said It is a special intimate show. Wow. Show sold out like that. Nobody knew who it was. And then Gillis goes on stage, does 15 minutes and he brings up Dave and Dave is like an hour and a half God. And he just fully writes on stage. Like he had just done a special, he fully writes on stage like he has ideas and he just like, lets him breathe. Just fucks around on stage. Gets a little tipsy Trying To just fucks around on stage.


Can I tell that you can cut this if you don't want me to tell it, but my favorite story I tell about you is, my time at the comedy club with you was one of the first times I did this pod. I think you had shows that night. And I went to both of them and the first one was killer, but the second one you had gotten a little slippery And it was fun. It was, it was, it was like, 'cause I remember right before you walked out there, you even looked at me and that's the word you used. You said, I felt a little slippery. It's just a little loose. You had your cup in your hand and I just seen a twinkle in you. I was like, oh, I'm staying because I was gonna leave. I'd already seen the show, You know, and you did two shows. I was like, oh, I gotta see this. I think this one's gonna be a little different. It was those the fun ones. Yeah. It was fun, man. Yeah. Because I got to watch the same set, but you fuck around a little more and kind of get lost in it sometimes.


Yeah. Just having fun with it. Yeah. You know, like you could tell you were like, you did the first one. Like, this is what I know I got. And the second one you had a couple cocktails like, I'm gonna riff on this point a little bit. Just fuck Off. Yeah. Sometimes when you do that, you'll have the best part of the joke. That's, that's when, and that's when you'll find probably the shit that closes it out. I would So there's sometimes like taglines just come to you in the moment and you're like, wow, I never even thought of that one before. Yeah. Do you get straight off stage and write 'em down? No, I record all my sets. Oh, wow. So then after I, I'm done, I'll listen to the recording and then I'll write. Yeah. I sit down in front of the laptop and just Actually sit down and put 'em out. Yeah. Does it help you to see your ideas like that? It helps me to expand on 'em Because it takes longer to type a thought than it does to think it. Right. Right.


So like if I'm thinking a coffee cup, I'm thinking of it instantly, but it takes a couple of seconds for me to write it. And that gives me chances to like explore left rights down, up, all these different ways you can go with an idea. Yeah. So, and, and then I'll usually like try to write it out like a essay form. So if I have an idea and it's funny And it does really well on like bottom of the barrel or a riff outta nowhere, then I take that idea and I just write out like a essay. Just I, I'm not even trying to be funny. I just try to think about all the different angles of this idea. And then I'll extract like little pieces of it and try these little pieces on stage. Wow. And then you go and test them and chew the meat and spit The fat kinda out.


Yeah. And then sometimes in the middle of it you're like, this sounds wrong. This sounds disingenuous. I'll take a totally different approach. Sometimes I contradict myself like in the middle of it. I'll go, but what the fuck do I, why would I think that I know the answer to the, and then that becomes the bit Right. Then it turns into the turn. Yeah. Yeah. You never know man. And the whole thing is just numbers. You just gotta put a lot of numbers in. A lot of numbers in front of the computer, numbers on stage. It's just, it's like this constant process of like building a mountain. One layer of paint at a time. Yeah. Just, just constant. Yeah. Time under pressure. Yeah. My, my, me and my daughter, she wants to write, she writes songs and she's already so much better than I was at 16. But she would come to me a couple years ago and she'd be like, Hey, I wanna put some of this stuff out.


I've been writing all this stuff. And I was torn. 'cause I was like, well you should have the right to put out whatever you want. That's the freedom that exists. But I know something you don't know that you just wrote your first 30 songs and they're incredible for your first 30 songs. You know what I mean? Like, You know what I mean? Like Yeah. You go, go write a hundred and let's see if we can find five that are worth rewriting, reworking, refiguring out. Right. You know what I mean? And, and I was cool. It taught me a lot about her personality. 'cause she was like, I get it. She got it immediately. I wouldn't have got it at 15. Mm. You know what I mean? She got it. She was like, cool. No problem. Well she probably sees what you do. Yeah. You know, And it, that's the beautiful thing about having an an example, whether it's your peers or for her, your dad.


You know, you get to see an example of how someone does a process. 'cause if you're not around anybody that's trying to get good at something, you don't really know how to do it. Right. That's one of the cool things about a conversation like this. 'cause there's people out there that are listening that don't have anybody around them that's doing cool shit. Right. And they think it's impossible. And they hear about this dude, it wasn in jail for half his fucking life. And You know, this other dude who's a cage fighting com cage, cage fighting commentator and standup comedian. Like, these fucking guys are not, they're not normal either. Right. Like, maybe I'm not normal. Maybe like this, maybe there is something out there for me. Yes. But I don't hear it from anybody in my neighborhood. I don't hear it from my parents. I don't hear it from my my teachers.


I don't hear from my boss. Right. And I'm fucking lost. You know? And then they hear people talk about like, the love of writing songs that you have, the, the passion you have for creating a thing, how you piece it, how you jump up and write down the premise. You write down an an idea for a, a lyric. And then in their head they're like, I can do that with something. Yeah. I can do that with something. I just have to find a thing. Said, Just find a thing, man. Just, just, there was my daddy. I sat down with him at a bar called The 10 Roof on the memory street. One night Joe. And I looked at my dad in the eye and I said, I'm done. I said, I've, I've done everything I can. I, I remember I was probably 29 years old, it was probably a decade ago.


And I said, dad, I've, I've been outta jail five years or four years or whatever. I've done everything I can in this business. You know how hard I've worked. Do you think our brother Roger will gimme a job on a meat truck? 'cause my father sold meat. So did My brother. He said, I know your brother will give you a job on a meat truck, but I wanna give you some perspective. I said, I, I, I'm, I'm open for a healthy dose of that. He said, you've only been out here trying this as hard as you possibly can for five years. Just five, four years. Four and five years. I said, dad, that's five years. He said, if you went to Vanderbilt, you still wouldn't have your bachelor's degree, Joe. It's true.


Right? It's so true. Yeah. It, it, it covered me. And he said, Jason, if you're working as hard as you really, as I know you are, if you're really writing every day, if you're doing shows every week, and I was opening up 50 bucks a night. I mean, y You know, my story is that old school get in the van and go do a thousand shows for fucking gas money. You know what I mean? He was like, if you're really doing that, there's no way it's not gonna work. If you're really doing it, not you're faking it. Not you're half-assing it. If you're really, this is all that matters to you. If you were going to Vanderbilt right now and you did it for another five years, you'd finally be a brain surgeon. He said, if I was you, I'd wait and see if I was a brain surgeon.


You know what I'm saying? I swear, dude, I'll never forget. And I'll never forget calling him crying the first time I moved into a neighborhood with a surgeon. You know what I mean? Right. You know when you call him, like, you won't fucking believe I just met my neighbor. Guess what he does? What? Wow. It's a fucking plastic surgeon. You know What I'm saying? That's crazy. Yeah. An old man knew something though. But he just knew that the law of work would never work against us. You know what I mean? Yeah. If You keep going. That's the thing we were talking about before about people bailing out. Yeah. That's it. It gets hard. You Just gotta sit man. You just gotta, you just gotta sit man. You just gotta sit. You Also gotta recognize when you're making the right moves or the wrong moves, You know, with what you're doing. And sometimes people don't wanna course correct.


Mm. They don't wanna course. Correct. And then it could be a bad relationship. Yeah. Ooh, that one. That one's tanked more guys than anything. Yeah. I've seen it and gals I've seen it. The bad Relationship. One that'll tank you. No, that'll Do it. Yeah. Become everything in your life is that thing. And then you have very little resources for your art. Yeah. 'cause your life is just a storm. Just a storm of confusion and chaos and fucking emotions every day. Yeah. And then trying to block it out to make the art. Exactly. You know? Yeah. If you can't allow it to be the muse for it, for me it was a little different Because it became the muse, the chaos, it wasn happening around me just became, I, I had a moment where, and this is such a cool epiphany, I had Joe for the longest time.


I thought I was special because I was from Antioch, Tennessee. And I grew up in a certain kinda way around certain kind of people. And that I was special because it wasn that I hung onto that like, I'm different. And then I realized what was happening was I was just like everybody else. That's what the superpower really was, is that every fucking neighborhood in America's like Antioch almost. You know what I mean? So it was like a totally different thing. So I started realizing, oh this isn't, this is the muse. I'm speaking for every man when I'm writing just the chaos that's happening around me right now. This is the every man's story. Isn't it crazy that everybody wants to be special?


Mm. But every special person wants to be in every man. Yeah. I like being in every man. That's what I like being. Me too. Yeah. But when you're a kid, you want to be different. You want to pretend that you're different than other people because that'll make success more attainable. Exactly. You wanna pretend that you have some special quality and ability that other people don't possess. So that's why you can get to this bizarre position that everybody wants, where everybody in our business wants to be successful and famous. So you have to be bizarre. You have to. And then once you get there, you're like, oh shit. I'm everybody. Everybody's just the same. Everybody's the same. I gotta get, make sure that I keep that. Yeah. Make sure that I keep, we're all the same.


That's It was, it was in my songwriting, I'm gonna say 2015, 16 ish. I realized that I was trying to tell special stories and that God had put me in a situation, he was screaming at me to tell a story of a group of people that had never had their story told. But I was just going outta my way to try to come up with a special story. Mm. You know what I mean? Right, right, right. And then when I started being like, You know what, no, I'm just gonna write about my neighbor who's struggling with drug addiction. I'm just gonna write a song about my baby mother. 'cause I'm infuriated that she left our daughter high and dry like this because of drugs. You know what I mean? Yeah. I just started writing from that perspective. Yeah. And then I realized that it was connecting with people Because it was the every man story.


You know what I mean? I almost called this album Cinderella Man. Right. And I'll tell you why I didn't, but I thought I watched the movie and I was like, I had a moment in that movie where when he is walking, you've seen the movie. Right? Y'all all seen the movie Johnny? Yeah, sure. He's walking in a, for those who haven't, it's about a old boxer who in the Depression had kind of was on a losing streak kinda long in the tooth. They call him James Braddock. James Braddock. They would call him a journeyman, is what we call him now. Just did look like they're never gonna work out for him. Working. Couldn't get a job on a loading dock. Almost family could. Family split. And Bread one of the greatest movies ever. Russell Crow, right? Yep. And he comes out and towards the end he, he ends up fighting his championship fight and it's a crazy movie to watch, but when he is running, he goes by the old dock and they're all cheering for him.


And I relate to this 'cause this happened to me and he didn't understand it. So he looks at his manager, you remember this scene? This is the scene that I related to the most. He looks at, his manager goes, why are they cheering for me? He goes, because you're them. I was like, I'm the fucking Cinderella man. That's why this worked for me at 40. You know what I mean? Yeah. And, but I ended up calling it Beautifully Broken because as I started really writing, 'cause it wasn my idea going into the project, I'm gonna write the Cinderella man story. And all I could think about was other people, every time I'd pick up a pen, I would think about this young lady at a show who told me that saved me, helped her because she was raped by her uncle.


Ugh. So I'm like, what do I write for her? Whew. I see Winning Streak. I watch this moment and I gotta write that for him. You know? Now I might write some of 'em from first perspective, but it changed everything. And all of a sudden I was like, this album ain't about me. You know what I mean? Right. This album album's about finding beauty in broken things, You know? Yeah. And instantly it was like, once again, how God works. As soon as I took me out of it, the album blossomed. Yeah. Immediately I wrote a hump broke 80 songs that sucked.


Just couldn't find my way to what story I was trying to tell, You know? And just as soon as I was like, well let's go back to where, where's the muse coming from? What, who am I writing for? I say I'm the voice of the voiceless. When I, when I had the opportunity to go talk about fentanyl down at Capitol Hill, I didn't hesitate. I knew I was going to talk for a bunch of people that couldn't talk. You know what I mean? It's like who am I writing this for? Right. And dude, it changed that whole writing style dog. And then I got lost and wrote another 80. Damn. But now I'm having fun. I got a direction. I feel like I've heard from God, I'm Moses. You know what I'm saying? Wow. The burning bushes spoke. I know what I'm supposed to be writing about. You know. Wow. It took me eight to 16 months to get there. But that's just how it works. You're saying too about taking yourself out of it.


Soon as I took me out of it, You know what I mean? As soon as I took me out of it, it was that easy. Snapped that fast. It's almost like a trap. Like it's your so vain song. Yeah. It's like a trap for sure. Like that trap of thinking about yourself. You, you waste so much of your resources. Yeah. So much of your resources. Like thinking about how you want to come off, how you want people to react to it. How you want to like get out there and kill it in front of everybody and you miss all the beautiful magic. Mm. All the magic. It's Right there. Yeah. You know, and you're just missing you. You just get lost in the arc. And When you're at your best, you are them. You are one of them.


You are like singing for them. You know when, When I'm at my best, it's when I didn't know they were cheering. I didn't know they were even cheering for me. Right. It's 'cause I'm one of them. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's kinda like the Yeah. It's that. It's that same kind. Yeah. This album was the most fun I've ever had getting to an album. I learned so much about myself. I think that's one of the things that people really dislike about stars. Like famous people, like people that you think of as stars, that they somehow another think they're better than everybody else. That's the thing that people like dislike the most. Like, oh, they think they're better than us. They live in Beverly Hills, they think they're better than us 'cause they're a star. You know? Ain't better than us. Yeah. And it's like when someone can do what you do and stay the same person and stay them just a better version of who you used to be, but stay, stay normal.


Yeah. And actually getting better every day. 'cause I'm doing the work. Yeah. Trying to be better. You know what I mean? Yeah. I was telling the Titans when I went and talked to him at the game, I was like, I focus and I don't focus on winning anything but life. Like I, I know that everything else is gonna be good as long as I'm focused on being a good father. Like priority number one is like, am I good husband? What I've learned is if I'm winning as a husband and I'm winning as a father, I'm fucking kicking ass in business. Yeah. The last you want is those home dramas. Yeah. You know, you don't want no home drama. No. It's crazy. But it's also, that's something we talking about things that distracted people. I was in so many bad relationships early or even times in my life. I was single courting multiple women. And that's such a distraction.


Like when I got with my wife and felt like, to the point of being like, I don't want to spend time with any woman but you, when I have the time, I have to spend, I wanna spend it with you. And all my, it's like my whole world suddenly went from feeling Like It was this big to this big. Right. And when it got that small, I was like, oh man, this is it. We're in a foxhole. Yeah. And then I just started kicking ass outside of that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It was like, wife just starts winning and I'm like, oh dude, it's 'cause I'm fucking winning at home. It's Also what you're saying too about your resources, like you have so much more to give, You know, and everything's positive. A happy home life. Like feeds off your happy business life and your happy performing life.


That's what We all want. You know, We all want a beautiful community of people that are like enjoying life and experiencing life together. Your family and your friends and the people you fuck around with. You just want a beautiful community of people having a good time. And that's possible. But it's hard. And that's why it's so wonderful when you get it, because You know that there's a lot of people out there that are never gonna get it. Man. That's deep. That's the probably the hardest part. It's a lot of work towards it too though, man. A lot of work. It's a lot of, It's a lot of work on yourself, You Know? Yeah, yeah. Lot. Lots. Lots of work. But that's, that's work. Relationships though, man. Just think about the arc that you've gone through from being a, a kid, getting arrested as a, a kid, spending all that time in juvenile and jail and then getting free and then figuring out that you're talented and then pursuing this crazy impossible dream.


Mm. You know? Yeah. To where you are now. It's nuts. Sitting on the biggest podcast in the world, my bba it's, It's an, it's an amazing story. I mean, it's an amazing, if it was in a movie, you'd have a hard time believing it. Yeah. Like that. That movie's nuts. Nah, Man. S Yeah, for sure. I'm telling you, dude, that little fat nerdy alien that's playing me on the game every day is fucking killing it. He's Killing it, My brother. I appreciate you very much. Yeah. I love you. Thank you. I love you very much. I gotta, I gotta put Jamie on blast before we go though, Jamie. Oh, that's right Jamie. We had a deal. Me and Jamie had some cocktails one night. Don't look at Jamie. And we had a deal that if I ever played Ohio Stadium, Joe Rogan, that Jamie was gonna come out and play the guitar. Jamie, you got any video of you playing guitar? Yeah, not Recently, but yeah. I used to be in a band and played music on stage and stuff.


Sure. He Definitely knew. Been talking. I know. Do you have any video of you playing guitar that we get sweat right now? Nah, It's, no, it's like you wouldn't know it was me. It's just a lot of Heavy metal music. Yeah. Will you pull up a, a Buckeye Country Fest then so you can show everybody the flyer of the concert you're gonna be playing next year? Oh my God. There it is, baby. I'll see you there. Jamie. Jamie. June 21st, 2025. Ohio Stadium. Columbus, Ohio. Let's fucking go. Yeah. Fuck Jelly Roll. Y'all come to see young Jamie play that guitar. I love that Megan Maroni chick too. She's listen man, she's awesome. Awesome dude. Yeah, My s great dark turn me onto her. Yeah, she's, she's, she is badass man.


When she made her Opry debut, she wore a Jelly Roll jacket And it tickled me so pink. It, it made me like the cool dad for my daughter. 'cause my daughter loves her too, So I That's amazing. Really cool. That's amazing. I love you Joe, man. I love you too, brother. Thank you for your time, brother. Beautifully Broken. Available now. Available now. Go get it. Bye everybody.