
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day Pretty fast. What's up? How are you? Good to see you. Good to see you. What you been up to? Man? That's a loaded question. I'm doing a, I'm doing a podcast now. You are doing a podcast now? Yeah, yeah, yeah. When did you start? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Couple months ago. What made you wanna do that? Just got tired of being on the outside looking in. That's A good, that's so, that's it. Yeah. You know, it's, you actually, I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna paraphrase you, so you gotta tell me the exact quote. Okay. But you said Covid was a fucked up time, and I went in thinking that vaccines were the, the, the pinnacle of human technology and came out thinking that the moon landing wasn't real.


And Michelle Obama's gonna dig and duh. And I was like, I was me. Yeah. Like, during Covid, I was like, I became obsessed with social media and, and x and like, just looking at shit and whatever. And I'm like, You know what's true, what's not true? Like, what's what? Like, because everybody's speaking so forcibly. This is what, one question I wanted to ask you is you talk to all these dudes all the time. One of the things I miss, like, I would be, I would be talking to people and be like, they'd be, oh, this is going on off Afghanistan. And I'd be like, oh, I was just there. That's not what's happening. Or, You know, this is happening in Iraq. Oh. I was just there. I love talking to people. I love meeting people and I love sort of knowing stuff. Like, you can just say, well, I'm gonna go there.


I'm gonna figure it out. Right. So I saw all this stuff on social media and I was like, wow, You know, there's all this stuff. Like, but no one's really going after it and saying like, as an investigative journalist, saying, well, what's real, what's not real? What's true? What's not true? Right. You are, you're Getting in there. There's a few people doing it. Yeah. They're all investigative journalists. They're, they're all independent. Yeah. They're all completely outside of any kind of, Washington Post is Great New York Times, which is Great. Yeah. That's the only way To do, it's the only way to do It. It's impossible to exist in mainstream media and be legitimate. Now there's gonna be a hundred percent, there's gonna be guardrails. There's gonna a hundred percent. Yeah. There's, there's no Way. But you talk to everybody. And I, that must be fascinating Because you get the inside track, like your brain is like a wealth of information.


Yeah. It's, it's, it's like a, I had a, an unexpected education. Yeah. You know, like an unanticipated, unplanned education in all sorts of things. Yeah. And these guys are super interesting. And you're, you get to learn and That's amazing. It's pretty amazing. Yeah. I mean, you learn a lot of bullshit too. Like, some of the stuff you learned is not true. Well, That's the Problem. Yeah. I got a question. Yeah. Bobby Kennedy seems to be like, so like, like so fast. Like, I remember I used to watch Tony Blair during question period, and he'd like leap up and he'd be like, blah, blah, blah. And he was so, like, he knew everything and the facts and stuff. Like, you've interviewed him a bunch of times, or I've talked to him many times. I interviewed him once.


Is he that good in person? Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's legit. I mean, he was an environmental attorney. Yeah. Know. Yeah. That it wasn his background and You know, he's said a, I mean, a crazy life. Imagine you're 14 years old and your Yeah. Your dad gets killed. Yeah. By who knows? Who knows? But might be the government. You Know, that's, that's my first episode. Yeah. Assassinations deep state. Mm. Getting into It. Well, it's a real thing, You know, I don't know who's doing it or what faction or how small the amount of people are Yeah. That are involved in it. I mean, imagine if you're like a legitimate person working for the cia and you think that the CIA's trying to assassinate Trump, and you're like, what the fuck? You know, or, or whoever.


That's our first episode. It's gotta be, I mean, it's gotta be a small faction of intelligence agencies that wanna do things like, like how many people do you think were involved in the Kennedy assassination? So there's a guy named Peter Dale Scott, who actually wrote the book on the deep state and brought like the concept over it from Turkey to here and broke it. And if you talk to him, so he was really involved or wrote about or covered the, they tried to assassinate Castro. It wasn the first American deep state thing, which is like, by the way, it's, that's, that's factual. That's like, oh yeah. They were the mob and the Cubans and the CIA and they tried to commit many Times. They tried to kill him.


They, And failed. Yeah. And then, You know, that sort of morphed and there's all this sort of mix into the Kennedy and Bobby Kennedy, Robert, RFK assassination attempts that this guy was referencing. And you're just like, deep state has such negative connotation to it. 'cause it's like conspiracy ish, but you're like, when it, when it got explained to me by the guys who sort of coined the terms, which is, You know, like there's this, the intelligence agencies or the Pentagon career bureaucrats, who by the way go back and forth. It's a rotating door. They go to Raytheon, they go to Boeing, they go all, and they get the contract trillions of dollars, and they act in cahoots with each other.


And you're like, You know, that makes total fucking sense. Of course. Like it's a business relationship, Business relationship. And then if they have something that needs to happen, you have all kinds of people who will do that thing for you. Yes. So it it's not why Yeah, exactly. Right. It's not bureaucrats in the c Yeah. It's probably, And it could literally be one guy who's a top executive or a Hundred or You know, a few people that come to a conclusion and don't even have to say it. And then a plan gets hatched. Yeah. And then next thing You know, there's a guy on a roof. Yeah. We're already into, yeah, I can just see the fucking tweet stuff.


Fuck the tweets. But it, it, but for sure, Like, it's like, I found that fascinating. Not only, So I started doing like the snipers. We got the sniper. Fascinating dude. He has the longest confirmed kill 3.5 kilometers. So we started just talking technical shit, and you're like, okay, could it be done? And the snipers, like, what did the snipers have to say? And then we got the head of the, the guy who trained all the secret service people. And we got that, actually, we got Trump's head of security for 18 years. Personal head of security guy. First time he ever talked. He was great, great guy. Keith Schiller. And then we got into it, and then everyone started talking about the deep state, deep state, state. What the fuck is the deep state? Like I know what the deep state people think is, that's the other thing is online.


Everyone has so many givens, You know, like in math, in one plus one, it doesn't given, so there's so many givens. You're like, well, let's look at the givens. Like what is the deep state? So I met the, I literally went after the guy who coined the phrase, and he's like, and I'm like, oh yeah, that sounds completely, I mean, I know those guys. Like, that sounds completely believable. And then so when you believe that, then you start saying, okay, well how do these things look like? What do they look like? It wasn fascinating, but I mean, look, I, I'm into all this stuff and then you're, you're there like all day, every day doing it. It must be, it's fascinating. I love it. So that, So I did get sick in my long-winded answer. I did get sick of being on the outside looking in.


It is fascinating. But I like the way I do it because I, I get to talk to anybody I want to. Like, I don't have to just deal with things that are disturbing. Yeah. I can, You know, talk to someone who's a beekeeper. Yeah. I can talk to someone who, You know, makes cabinets Like whatever. Yeah. You made, you made your own empire, which is fucking awesome. Well, It's just what I'm interested in. Yeah. It just happens to be that a lot of people are interested in these things. Yeah. So it's lucky. And it's also because I'm actually smart, interested in it. I don't have to have fake conversations. Yeah. Like, there's no one I have on where I'm like, I can't believe I'm talking to this guy. Right. You know, like, well, you see that, right? Yeah. You see that in like late night talk shows. They don't want to be interviewing this person. No, it's too much. Yeah.


It's nonsense. Well, vice,


this episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all forgetting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks US based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals. With LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jr and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply.


When you started Vice, it was one of the most refreshing news sources Because it was like these intelligent people that didn't seem like regular journalists. They seemed like just people that you knew. Yeah. Because they weren't Yeah, well they were just, people knew. Yeah, right. They seemed like normal people. Yeah. And yet all of a sudden they're wearing a flak jacket in a war zone. Yeah. They seem like normal people. And they're hanging out in a hot tub in Thailand. It wasn it, You know, it's Like it was normal people that were interested, like vice guy to travel that won with Mo's Arctic Adventures. Yeah. That is till today one of my favorite videos you guys ever did. I fucking love that story because it's amazing. You've got this guy that lives in, You know, The most remote human.


Yeah. Like in this tiny cabin. He's been there since the 1970s. Yeah. He doesn't even, he saw nine 11 in a photograph. That's all he knows about it. He doesn't have any television up there. Yeah. He gets VHS tapes occasionally and watches him on a tiny tv. Yeah. And he just lives in this subsistence lifestyle. Just fishing and hunting and, and living off the land and, and intelligent, interesting. Smart guy. Articulate guy. Smart guy. Yeah. You know, and he seems way happier than most people I know. For sure. Yeah. He was the most remote human until we found those people in Russia. And then like Siberia, who had run from Stalin and this family who had gone up into the mountains and just lived there for like 80 years.


Whoa. By themselves. Like made shoes outta bark and like totally self-sustaining up in the mountains of suburb. Like, they thought that, You know, they didn't know about the moon landing. They didn't know about like what, what Kind of gene pool do they Have going on? Not a lot. I think there was a lot of inbreeding. Yeah. Oh God. How many people were there? I don't know. You could look. I don't know. It's like, there was six when they found him, I think. And one was like 80, who was the youngest or something. Oh God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy story though. Yeah. So they ran from Stalin just, just stayed Alive. They thought Stalin was like, You know, still there. Oh my God. Yeah. It's Just funny. You can't name a kid Adolf, but you can name a kid Joseph.


There you go. Isn't that weird? No, it's a little weird. Joseph. Joseph was too Common. Yeah. Joseph was very common. But wasn't Adolf really common with the, the Germans? I don't know. Maybe. I don't know. I mean, Joseph, I mean Joseph is Jo Joseph is everywhere. I know. I Mean, it's a, that's Like It. Yeah. See Yeah. Yeah. Had no Adolf in the Bible, so No. Didn't make the Cut. Didn't make the cut. But when you guys were, You know, when it was young, it was Like, It was new internet, right. Because internet opened up a bunch of different possibilities. Yeah. And it opened up possibilities for legitimate independent journalism and legitimate independent thinkers who were really disconnected from this sort of stiff, stuffy, mainstream perspective of what's going on in life.


And you guys gave you g you guys gave a, a completely unfiltered perspective as a normal human who's experiencing these bizarre circumstances in these exotic lands. And it was awesome, man. Thank you. It was awesome. And then now it's this bizarre propaganda machine that's ideologically captured to the point where it's preposterous. Like they say things that are just so outlandish and so not in tune with logic or objectivity. It's, it's so strange to see Yeah. Going from what you made to what it is now.


Yeah. Look, I mean, I could get into the, the nuances, which are many and, and, and boring. But basically what happens is, You know, and I, I actually called it from the beginning. I said, look, we're gonna get too big. And at that point we're gonna become the thing that we're, we're like, we were a challenger brand and we're gonna become the status quo and then we're gonna get our asses kicked. A BI said, look, all internet is now consolidating and, and media is consolidating and everybody's consolidating. 'cause they have to, because there's the big five are taking all the money. And we knew it was coming, but it came like, look, I'll tell you another thing.


In media, You know, there's not a lot of people picking shit. Like, you get to pick shit 'cause you run your own shop. You're, you're the main, but like, when you run media, it's like people put on what people watch. That's the rule. Like, you just put on shit and people watch it. And then like, if you say, I wanna do this and nobody watches it, then you don't get to say, I wanna do this that often. So, and we always had a thing where we gave the company over to the interns. If we just stayed a Gen X free giveaway, we would've never gotten into video. In fact, when we got into video, we were derided by the old guys for selling out because going to online video was seen as a sellout. 'cause we were, should have stayed a magazine.


So we used to give it over to the interns. And then the interns just, they had a different fucking everything. They had a different philosophy, they had a different subject, they had a different fucking everything. And they were going, and by the way, the traffic was still there. And I was the same. I was looking at, what the fuck is this? Right? What The fuck is going on? And You know, they're like, well that's the traffic and your fucking things that you like, it's no traffic. 'cause you're an old man. So anyway, I was semi-retired for a number of years and You know, look, When did you get out? I moved to LA just trying to remember now.


15, 15, 16 around there. So I moved to LA because our biggest clients were there. The biggest platforms were there. No one was out there. And You know, I kids and I was like, okay, like I can move to the country and commuting to New York, or I can move to la. So I moved to LA and, and that started a whole, it wasn, You know, it wasn not smart in retrospect Because you leave And it starts like Game of Thrones shit. And, and then also, quite frankly, if you want to know the metaphysical fucking reasons why I can get into it. Okay. All right. I love metaphysical reasons. Oh, there you go. What the best time for vice?


The time that you're talking about. The time that I loved was, You know, you would go before all the big investors and everything, you would go to like Italy, right? And you would get a apartment and You know, you'd get a girlfriend and you find an office and you hire people that look like you or hang out like you or just are cool or whatever. And you would build it. You would buy the fucking computers on your credit card and you would fucking go to the grandmother's place for fucking lunch And quiera. You would like fucking, You know, figure out all the cool places to hang out with with your friends and stuff. And then you'd have a big party and everyone would come and advice would be launched. Then you'd get on a train and go to Sweden and do the same thing. You'd live there for six months.


You'd build something, it was tangible. The mag would come out, you'd start shooting stuff And it would be fucking awesome. And then when it got to be like, you fly in and you meet with lawyers and accountants and it's shit. And then you fly out again the next day. It's terrible. Right. Right. And so when that happened, I was like, I won't do this anymore. And I'm not good at it. Like I was good at building, I'm good at building, I'm good at like, founders are not necessarily operators. Right, right. One of the smart things you've done is like, just keep your own shit. Your own shit. And I got, You know, my eyes were too big for my stomach in away. 'cause you're just like, I just keep going. Fucking build. The big thing too is keep it small.


Keep it small dude. Keep it small. Like It small. It's just me and Jamie. And we have a video editor that's not even local. He just gets it on the internet. And also Jamie's super good vibes, which Is, yeah, no, he's the best. But it's, it's the most important. I have friends that have big podcasts. Yeah. And they have like this huge staff. Yeah. And they have all these people running around. I'm like, what do all these people do? And it's like, they want this feeling of they're the boss of a bunch of employees. Yeah. For some reason. Yeah. Like, they want all these production people that are creating content. Yeah. And then you have inner office conflicts and they're always putting out fires and people are complaining. And then people leave and make videos talking about what a piece of shit boss you were.


And it's like, hey man, you're, you're dealing in this thing where there's currency in that information. There's currency for these, these mediocre people. So you a hundred, you hire these mediocre people and these mediocre people attack you. 'cause there's currency in attacking you, but you didn't need them in the first place. This whole thing was stupid. Like, you're making a little bit more money, but you have more problems. But you don't notice that money. Like, you have to pay attention to what you notice. Right. What, whatever the fuck you have in your bank account. If you are, if you're a fairly wealthy person and you have a hundred dollars more, a hundred dollars less, a thousand dollars more, a thousand dollars less. You don't notice it. But I'll tell you what you do notice. You notice hassle, you notice problems.


Those problems are worth a lot of money to get rid of. Like if you had a bunch of employees like, fuck, what can I do? There's so many people, it's so annoying. God, I wish we were small. Again, getting back to small again is a grind. You gotta fire people. It's a, you gotta downsize, you gotta figure out how to do it. That's a mess, man. You don't want that mess. So that extra money that you got by making things too big, you fucked yourself. You got greedy. You, you looked at it the wrong. Like someone said to me, like, I was in the parking lot, the comedy store, this friend of mine who was not even very successful. Mm. I was like, I'm trying to find a new assistant. I go, why do you need a new assistant? He goes, you don't have an assistant. I go, no. I go, this is what you do.


Do less shit. If you need an assistant, you're doing too many things. Do less shit. Don't get a fucking assistant. You have an assistant. You have what happens to David Spade? The guy shows up with duct tape and a taser and tries to kill you. Remember that? Yeah. Because they wind up resenting you. Yeah. Because you got some person who's working for you. He is making $50,000 a year and you're making, you have $50 million. They wanna kill you. Yeah. After a while they're like, I'm a part of this too. You know, like, they don't think of it as this is a great job. Yeah. This job could eventually lead to something bigger. People get resentful. Also, the type of people that are 34 years old that are working as an assistant, probably a little fucked up. Probably made some mistakes, probably, You know, not really on the right path in life. Now of a sudden you're connected at the hip to this person.


Yeah. And then they want to tell you about their problems and maybe got an ex-wife or maybe they got a this and if they're making more money, then you're gonna make more money. And, and so you've, you've, you've, Because you wanted to appear like you have a, everybody wants a big organization. Yeah. Like Vice is big now. Yeah. You know, the JRE we have a thousand employees worldwide. Yeah. We have three employees. Yeah. Smart. You know, Harvard should hire you to teach business because that is a hundred percent of it. No, I'm just saying. No, that's this. But Listen, it's so fucking right. Like you just said, what's in my fucking brain? Like it's that. A hundred percent of that is true. Everyone should listen to this guy. 'cause It is a hundred fucking percent true when you're younger.


Run A tight, run a tight ship. Yeah. Gotta run A tight ship. Exactly. Ship. When you're younger, you're like, oh, fuck it. And look a fucking punk kid. That came from nothing. And so, like, when you have employees, there's a, there is actually a Harvard thing where they say there's a, there's a, there's a paradox where you hire somebody 'cause you want to someone to help you, but they're not as good as you. And you hire someone who's not as good as you. And then they hire someone who's not as good as them. So then all this stuff, and you have to do more work. There's more hassles. Then you have a whole group of people reporting to you. And this is exactly not how to run a business. And I even knew that going in. And then you hire, and you're exactly right. And you hire all these people, all they need to do is be in the same room as you. Yeah. And then that's access. And once there's access, then you're exactly what you said. Then you deal with their issues and you deal with everything.


Shane, Can I pull you aside for a second? There's a project that my friend and I are working on. I'd really like to get you involved. Yeah. Oh. But yeah, no, it got too, it, it definitely got too big. And you're exactly right. Like, look, you're a wise dude because like, you keep it small. You're exactly right. That's like, after having learned what I've learned, like we have a tiny little team that makes this thing. And it's super like, it's like the early days of vice where you're just, you're just making shit and talking to people and chopping it up and doing stuff and trying new shit out and doing well. One week it'll be like this and the other week it'll be like that and it'll just fucking do everything. It's so much more fucking fun. You're a hundred percent right. Yeah. Fun is the most important thing. Like if you, Brian can said this to me once and it's really great advice.


He goes the, he goes, all you really want is to be able to go to a restaurant and not worry about what things cost. Yeah. Everything else is bullshit. A hundred percent. It's True. Yeah. Everything else is bullshit. A hundred percent. You get used to cars. You get used to houses. Like I, I realized like early on, I got an apartment when I lived in North Hollywood, it was like the first nice apartment I had. But after I was in it a couple weeks, it was just my house. Yeah. Just like the house I have now. Yeah. It's not that much different. It's just like you're home. Okay, great. What do you need? You need a couch, you need a tv, you need a bedroom, you need a kitchen. That's all you need. Hopefully it doesn't stink. Hopefully it doesn't suck. Hopefully your neighbors aren't loud. Hopefully it'd be nice if you have a view.


That's cute. But other than That, I'll go a step further than that is you, you, I don't know about you, but you accumulate shit. And I, 'cause I never had anything. I was like, I, I fucking, I got into watches, You know? I got into shit. I got into art, then I got like, I don't even fucking drive. And I got like, I got Johnny Cash's fucking car from 1969. What kind of car is that? So in 1969, Johnny Cash had had the number one show in America. And a BC got him a one of a kind Rolls Royce, extra long body. All all black, black Mahogany interior. Ooh. And check this out. So I got, So it was me and Wayne Newton. But remember I used to gamble. So I was in Vegas, won a bunch of money.


I was actually had to fly to China and my buddy stayed there and he was me, me and Wayne Newton bidding against each other for, for Johnny Cash's car. And, and when we got it, You know, it just was like burning fucking fuel oils. Just black smoke coming out. Oh. They're Terrible. So I, I turned it into a Tesla and no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's fucking awesome dude. It's awesome. We chopped it, it turned into, it's, we kept everything factory. Where is This? Is it online? Can I see this Thing? You can see it? Yeah. Yeah. Did you put it online? No, But there there's a picture. There's picture, You know, just show it to you. Can you send it to Jamie so we can see it? Everybody See it? Just pull up Johnny Cash's Rolls Royce rolls. 1969. It's a black, all black Rolls Royce.


So I turned it into a Tesla. Redid the whole interior fucking ro. Who did that for you? I'd have to get the fucking the name. That's it. Look at that. Yeah. What would Johnny Cash Bill? Yeah. About his Rolls Royce getting testified. I think you'd fucking love it. 'cause I was out with Rick Rubin in that car yesterday. But that's Johnny Cash, not Johnny Carson. Johnny Cash. Right. Didn't you say Johnny Carson? No. Johnny Cash. You said he had the number one show on tv. Yeah. Yeah. The Johnny Cash. Why Variety Hour? Oh My God. I thought you said Johnny Carson. So I c no, A BC gave him this car and, and Yeah. Had it made into, I was with Rick Rubin in that yesterday. We were driving around in it.


It's, And it, it drive. It's so fucking fast And it drives like a fucking crazy boat. Wow. You know, gonna come out now. Yeah. Drive it. Fucking, It's awesome. That's, so you took a Tesla model this s this Tesla and converted it. Yeah. These are the dudes who did it. Wow. And we redid all that wood now. So it's all the original black mahogany from, From, so when the batteries go bad, you can just swap the batteries out. Just plug it in. No, you Just plug it in. No, but eventually the batteries will deteriorate to the point where you'll get really low mileage. You probably get low mileage already. Right. That thing's heavy as shit because It's, it's heavy as shit. Yeah. God, that's beautiful. You must had to upgrade the brakes in a big way, right? Yeah. Because it's very heavy. Yeah. Fucking beautiful car though. This Is such a good car. Because when I came out to LA I'm like, I'm gonna get a shit brown aga, the Christie Rolls Royce and an MS 13 driver with like the full 13 and like a safety computer.


Am I late for the patchy? Hello? And so and So I got this one and I'm just, it's fucking awesome. Wow. That's so cool. Yeah. They're doing, there's, you ever heard of the company called Otti? Yeah. They're, they, They do the electric, the swap overs. Yeah, they do swap overs for I know they do Porsches. Yeah. I think they do a Mustang as well. Yeah. But they take these classic cars. So good. The problem is like you, you're not supposed to do that. You're not supposed to do it. Don't. This thing is fucked though. I, I will say this, this, I don't have any desire to have one of these things, but I think they're dope as fuck. They're dope as fuck. Like, but the thing is, like for me, I see that, oh, that's disgusting. Get that off the screen. I see that.


That just disturbed me to no one. You took a GT 40 and turned it electric. The thing about those old cars is the mechanical feel. Right. And that is 90% of the experience of driving one of those old cars. Well this car barely ran like the pro. It was fucked. Yeah. But you could arrest him on It. You could rest him on it. Anyway. I love It. The thing is Tesla, the thing, like, they're supposed to have, I, I could see doing it with Johnny Cass's car. It's kind of funny. But you due into that, you should go to jail. Yeah. You do that to a GT 40. You should go right to jail. What's the horse power as it is? It's pretty good, right? Well, not really originally, You know, this is the, this is Ferrari versus Ford. This is the original car. I actually have the next version of that, which is the Ford gt.


I have one of the 2005 ones. That's a stick shift. Yeah. Because I, I feel like if you drive a car like that, you have to drive a manual 60 miles. It can only go 160 miles. Right. And that's if you're driving like a grandma, but it has 800 horsepower, it's probably fast as shit. Yeah. You know, electric cars are different than any other car in terms of the speed that you get. Yeah. The way it feed you just go whoosh. Yeah, but there's no sound. Yeah. There's part, that car is, that's that car. It's like, that car is like visceral. It's exciting. There's, there's an engine behind you. Yeah. It's like let's go baby love. Come on it Shane. You Love it. You feel in the turns.


You wanna feel the bumps. You wanna feel the fucking steering in your hand. The wiggling of the tires. Yeah. It's a ride. It's not efficient. It's not supposed to be efficient. It's an experience. It's a sensory overload. It's not just transportation. Yeah. That's why turning one of those things into electric is gross. I did it Because it was burning fuel. It was burning black smoke. I barely fucking ran. That car's Fine. That car's fine. Rolls Royce is fine. So, So it, So I love it. But the thing my longwinded answer to that question was, I, I started, I collected all this shit and like you were saying, it doesn't bring you any fucking that it made me cars for you 'cause drive. So I just go, You know what, all of that shit, I was just talking to Rick about this too. Like, I'm just, I'm just gonna get rid of it.


Like the more I free myself from that shit and all that stuff. Yes. You're just like, You know what Psychic burden I used to go, speaking of the old days of ice, I had everyone used to laugh 'cause I'd go for it literally years with a backpack. And I'd just be like, well I can I wear his black jeans and a black t-shirt. Like I would just buy new ones if I need something. You know, you just go to a pharmacy. One of my, to this day, I like, if I go to a fucking pharmacy in a foreign country, I'm stoked. 'cause it means I'm getting shit that I need. Like shampoo and fucking toothpaste in the little scissors from my nose hairs and shit. And that means like I'm on top of my game. I'm fucking ready to go. I gotta fucking interview people and do shit. Right. 'cause I'm gone to the fucking pharmacy and, and, and I, You know, to, I love going to fucking supermarket.


'cause you're just like, I'm gonna buy some fucking food and then we're gonna go do some work and it's gonna be fucking awesome. Yeah. That shit gives me pleasure. Yeah. Fucking a watch or a fucking Yeah. A car shoes or fucking Nothing. Yeah. Most of those, they're cool. They're cool. I'm, I'm interested in engineering. Yeah. And, and artwork. Right. And I like, that's why I have so much art in this place. Yeah. I love people's expression. Yeah. And I feel like cars are artwork. That's how I view cars. Sure. Especially old cars. Yeah. I have a lot of old cars. And those old, like, I'm big hard Echo cars. Like Muscle cars, old muscle cars, 1960s to early 1970s muscle cars. That's what I love. I love them. I love them. Yeah. I drive them.


Like they're just, it's like I'm an amusement park ride. Yeah. That's how I feel about them. And I just, when I was a kid, those were the cars that everybody wanted. So to me it's like I get a real joy outta those those. But if I didn't have them, I'd be fine. Yeah. If I just drove my Tesla to work every day, I would be fine. Like the level of happiness you get in terms of, of like how much you have to work for some things. It's not worth it. It's not worth it. And it, too many people strive for this thing that doesn't give you anything back. Yeah. It's just this thing that's hard. Just 'cause something's hard to get. Yeah. Doesn't mean it's good to get. Yeah. Yeah. And there's a lot of things that people strive for that are difficult to achieve, but they're not valuable when you get there.


No. And it, speaking of psychology. Yeah. Like you talk about old muscle cars. The the car I learned to drive was my grandmother's car that she gave to my cousin. And when I was 13, he was 16 or something. And he taught me how to drive. And it was a Nova ss Like, It was an old like, fuck it. So I have one. So, So good. I have a 69. It's So beautiful. I have a 69 that has been completely redone by this guy Steve Troope. So nice. And It's, it's the craziest novas ever. This one. Love it. This one's incredible Because it, Because it's understated Rest. Hoad. It's understated. It's not like it's a powerful beast and it's badass looking, but it's not Like, It not like a Ferrari. Like, You know, Ferrari can be beautiful.


It's different. It's different. Yeah. It's d it's a different flex. Yeah. You know, the, the Ferrari, you just have money. That's my, that's a nova. That's it. That's mine. That's my 60 69 Nova. I love it. Look at that fucking Thing. That's like Exactly. Hers was gold. I still remember that. No, My mine is like, it's got 1969 Camaro fenders. Yeah. So they, they made it like wider so they could fit larger tires and tubbed it out. Yeah. It's all custom. It has a supercharged LT Four. It wasn her engine did not look like that. Yeah. That's a, it's a very efficient driving car, but it's just so fun. Yeah. It's just like you drive that thing. It's just this experience. It's badass of sounds. And, And it, to me it's like those cars are the ones that resonate with me.


Yeah. You know, So I have, but if I only had one, I would be fine. I just like them every now and then. But they're not, they're not the thing. They're not the end all be all. They're not family, friends, love, community. There's all these things that people put those objects above, they put above everything in your life. You strive for that thing because it's a symbol of success. Yeah. And it's nonsense. So I had a, speaking of psychological damage as for things I grew up poor about. Went out with a very rich girl. And it was her birthday, right. We were in France, it was her birthday. And her uncle had forgotten her birthday. And so he's just like, oh, here, You know, take my watch kind of thing.


And they're like, no, no, no. Like It, You know, that watch is like $50,000, watch whatever. And I was like, there's no fucking watch. It's worth $50,000, like $50,000. Like it wasn. Okay. Watch. And it was like a classic Patek fucking moon face, whatever. And I remember clocking the watch and when I got money, I became obsessed with the classic Patek, which is now like 500 grand. It's not 50 grand. The moon face. And that's So crazy that a watch is $500,000. Oh. Some of them are like $5 million. I mean, isn't that nuts? Yes. And so Like those Richard Melee watches. Yeah. I mean the, the the most expensive are still protects, but Yeah. Like the, those ones are, I mean, rare ones like I, I was obsessed with, So I like the Paul Newman Panda, but they have like the lemon or the champagne panda, which is the gold version of that.


Which, which they made like four of. And I want, I was chasing that down and now I'm like, what the fuck? You can't fucking wear it. Right. Like every place I go, you can't fucking wear any of those. And like, I was fine here and I you can't put it through security, You know? So what the fuck, what the fuck? Why Can't you put it through security? Because you Think they would Snatch it. Oh fuck. Watches get snatched all the Time. Yeah. But they go where's my watch? Yeah. Which is Like, it goes through the little thing. Yeah. Like how fast are people That there's so many, the watch, there's, it's not happened to me. Although I have nearly lost them many times. 'cause You know, you get, you have a few ails on the plane and take your shit off and put it in the box and then you something. Oh No, I've never done it. But I, I it's been close calls.


But there's so many stories in the watch world about you're going through customs, you're going through security, you're going through somewhere. Someone takes your, I've had a lot of people be like, how much does I watch? And you're like, it's fake. I always just say it's fake anyway. So I'm getting rid of all that shit. Just 'cause you're Like It. Fuck. It doesn't fucking mean anything. Yeah. And what actually does mean shit is like, like you were saying, like, You know, learning shit, educate, like, like making shit. But also at the same time like going like, I'm learning shit. Yeah. It's fun. Getting Fucking happy. Yeah. Look, I'm fucking back talking to you. I'm, it's like, it's, it's fucking interesting. Yeah. It's good for your brain positivity, You Know? Yeah. It's good for your mental health.


Good for your mental health. It's also, it's what life is about. Life is about growth. It's about learning. It's about experiencing things. Yeah. And when you get an opportunity to talk to someone, like, I talked to this woman the other day, Diane Boyd. Yeah. She wrote this book, A Woman amongst Wolves. Right. She spent her entire life tracking wolves. Ah. And, and, and handling them and collaring them and studying them. And she lived in a cabin in the woods for years. Wow. By herself with no water and no electricity. Love it. Yeah. Fascinating. Like, just like, you're a totally different type of person than I ever experienced. What's your life like? What do you do? Like what do you think about this? I'm hooked already. What Do you think about that love? Yeah. I'd love wolves. Yeah. I mean it's, to me, there's so many opportunities in this life to be stimulated by exciting and interesting things.


Yeah. Where you can learn about stuff. A hundred percent. And if you can figure out how that's your job and it's not just something that you do on the bus, on the way home, but it's actually your job. That's, that's a good life. Definitely. I mean, for me, that's what I love doing. I like talking to people and I like learning. And I like, You know, if you're learning shit, then other people, obviously you do podcast, you're their learning. And it's just, it's, it's an awesome thing to be able to do. Is there a way to do something like the original Vice, but just keep it small? That's what we're trying to do. Never let it grow. Look, listen, the Vice news right now is me and I'm, I'm making podcasts and I'm doing shit that I find interesting. Is it still Vice? Do you call it Vice? Yeah. I mean, vice News Is just, so, are you still one of the owners?


Like how does it work? I mean, it's, it's complicated. You don't have to get into the woods if you Don't want to. It's complicated. I mean, it's complicated. I'm not like I, I I was the largest shareholder and then I went to owning nothing. I lost the most out of anybody. Not that I'm asking anybody to fucking cry for me anything. It was actually a good thing. 'cause you, you, you like, when you realize a lot of this stuff about happiness and stuff, you realize it not when you're cashing checks, you lose, You know, not a, a comm C never a good captain made, You know. Mm. But yeah, throughout the, all the, You know, the, the changes basically, I was still in the, in the backdrop, You know, just around why Didn't you sell when it got at the top?


Why didn't you get rid of all your Shares? Look, that's the whole, the whole thing about I did, I sold some and, and, and, You know, took some money off the table, which is why I could semi-retire. But everyone's like, You know, oh, Shane, You know, could've sold, should've sold. He, he said no. He said, I've never said no my money in my whole fucking life. I was building to sell it. I never fucking said, no, that's all fucking horses. We tried to sell it to time order, tried to sell it to Disney. It was just like, You know, at the, when Disney said no, we went into private equity. And then, You know, that relationship never is never good. So, Well it's the old adage, go woke, go broke.


And that's what happened with Vice. People stopped. They just stopped paying Vice is one of the best examples of Go woke, go broke ever. 'cause Vice was fucking huge. And it was exciting. It was interesting. You know, you had great shows and then it just got too weird. Yeah. I mean, yes, media and, and media got weird. And look, everyone's looking at for us, and then we can get on other shit. But You know, who left the fucking porthole open of the Titanic? And you're like, yeah, hit a fucking iceberg. Not just us. You know, look at all the new media, like right. It culturally, 5, 5, 5 companies take up 87 cents of every advertising dollar in the world.


And, and independent media gets the rest and it's getting smaller and smaller. The money dries up. And when the money dries up, you start getting frantic. Right. You start fucking flailing around looking for shit, whatever. You start looking for solutions. Other people start looking for solutions. Young people start fucking saying, this is what we gotta do. This is what we gotta do. And you got 5,000 people saying what we gotta do rather than five. And you got people who are semi checked out if not checked out. And You know, shit got set. Nobody's fucking, it's my baby. Nobody got fucking more sick about it than me. But you're like, okay. You know, so now You know, we're doing Vice news is me. We're doing the podcast. We're doing, it's fun. Again, we're just fucking building trying to do new shit with fucking a hi and with someone.


This is fun. And, but yeah, I do, I do other shit on my own. And You know, look, the other thing too is I also spent time living my life, which I hadn't been doing. Mm. Which I'm sure you, you do out here. Yeah. Like, you gotta go and you gotta live your life again. And You have to live your life. You have to live your life. Dude, This the idea that your career should be your whole life is foolish. It Really is Foolish. Is foolish. It's foolish. You don Because you how much time. You know how much time. You don't Have that much time. I was talking to somebody, you're Gen X, you Gen X. Yeah. I guess 67. What? That Yeah. You're gen, you're a Gen X. Yeah. I was saying to someone, 'cause we were the forgotten generation and everyone, like I was shitting, like, and I was saying to someone, if you look, You know the Carl Sagan thing of like, we live in the greatest envelope of history ever, like of the billions of planets and the billions of years of this planet.


Like, we live in this final time when there's oxygen and there's water and you can fucking eat and you can fucking, You know. And then I'm like, okay, if you look at that and then go, the best ever time has been like our little window, like born in the sixties, grew up in the seventies, fucking free to go play in a C creek and fucking, You know, go hunting and fishing and all that shit. And then, You know, no parental supervision. Then you, but there's never been a, like a major fucking war. We're not getting pitch forked in the stomach. You know, food has been like, for the first time really in history, food is now everywhere is good for every kind of, You know, like quality wise, You know, travel, luxury, fucking international travel.


Like being able to do freaky jobs rather than work in a factory, da da. Like all these fucking things happen for Gen X and God knows if it happens again. 'cause AI is gonna be all human endeavor done by machines and environmental shit. And fucking, You know, the, the world is changing in ways we can't even fucking imagine. I have young kids and You know, my, all the parents were clucking like hands about fucking, they're not learning math. You're like, it's AI is gonna change fucking everything. Yeah. And so, so I'm like, was talking to someone and saying it's, it's ironic but Gen X actually lived in the greatest historical window of all time potentially. And so I'm not gonna just fucking not enjoy that.


I'm gonna go out there in life and just be like, I'm literally living in the greatest single fucking window in the history of history. We most certainly have. And we live in the greatest time of technological change in human history. Yeah. We, we started out like, you and I can remember when phones were attached to the wall. Yeah. I remember when it was a, we had a spin the wheel. It Was an Event. The phone call, you got a call and if you fucked up, like, god dammit, you gotta hang up, gotta start again up, start from scratch, took a long time and make a phone call. Joe, there's a phone call for you. Right. And when people would call and you were on the phone, it would just be busy. Yeah. And eh eh, and when is he getting off the phone? And you'd call him back? Eh, eh, eh, god damn.


He's still busy. Yeah. And then it became call waiting. Oh, big big deal. Oh, hold on. Someone else is calling. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It wasn. I got someone else. Maybe they're more important than you. Hopeful please. And then you come back and then it was caller id. Oh, this motherfucker's calling. Fuck him. And then answering machines were the greatest. Best. And when you could get a remote answering machine. Yeah. So I could call my answering machine, call it in and listen to you. Leave me a message. Hey, meet me at the bar at 10. And I'd be like, and I'd call you back and leave a message on your machine. Hey, I got your message. I'll meet you at the bar at 10. I love that though. It was incredible. I love that. Yeah. It was incredible. I'll see on Saturday at eight. But we were also free from the confines of social media.


Yeah. And social media has brought an incredible amount of information to people, but has also created a lot of very mentally ill people. Whether they realize it or not. It's like you're getting a low dose of radiation all day long, every day. It's also addictive. Yes. Very, very, very addictive. Dopamine hits. Yeah. And then it's, it could be psychologically very damaging if you read stuff about yourself. You know, I've had many friends that started becoming successful and then started doing really well and then started reading people's comments about hate. The hate is crazy. And it drives them nuts. It it hurts their feelings. Yeah. It really does. I mean, oh, poor baby. But I mean, really they're human beings as a human being.


Yeah. They're human beings. And I know that the people, look, if I was not a famous person, I was a, a person that, You know, was like who I was when I was 19 years old, I would 100% be leaving shitty comments on YouTube videos. Yeah. And shitty comments on someone's Instagram or Twitter or whatever. It's what people do. It's normal. It's not, it's not the people's fault because it's a very disconnected, disassociated way of communicating with people. That's not congruent. It's not like, it's not normal for human communication. It's not what we're designed, we're designed to do this. Yeah. I'm looking at you. You looking at me. I smile. You smile. We're buddies. We're have a good time. That's how people are used to communicating with each other. Yeah. When you're communicating with people through text, it's fucking bizarre.


It's very bizarre. It's, it's very different. And it's not good for you to take in the opinions of hundreds of thousands of people. Yeah. That, You know, may or may not be mentally ill. May or may not be, You know, have an ax go through a divorce grind. Yeah. Have an axe to grind. Or just look if you're successful in particular, there's a lot of un unsuccessful people that are very bitter. Yeah. Very sad. And they wanna find everything wrong with you. We were talking about this in the Green Room last night. I fucking loved the new Beetlejuice movie. Yeah. I loved it. I read so many bad reviews of it. Ah, so many bad reviews that it fell flat. I had a giant smile on my face the whole time. I hate reviews. I'm a huge Tim Burton fan. I think the guy's brilliant.


And I think his movies are so unique. 'cause they, they have this fingerprint of Tim Burton on them. It's, it's like, it's so obviously through his mind. Yeah. His vision. Yeah. I think the guy's incredible. I love all his films. So for me, I was like, oh, this is great. When they got to the Soul Train, I was like, yes. I love it. This is so Tim Burton. Yeah. And so many people criticized that in particular, there was something offensive about the soul train. Like, fuck Off. Also, people say shit about fucking restaurants and shit. Everything. And I'm like, yeah, it's fucking great. Everything. He's A fucking cheeseburger. I love cheeseburgers. It's fucking good. Some guy from the New York Times wrote a negative review about Peter Luger Steakhouse in Brooklyn. Peter Luger Steakhouse in Brooklyn Institution.


A fucking classic institution. If I'm anywhere near that area, I'm eating there. Yeah. 100%. That place is sensational. It was near our old vice office and we, when we didn't have any money, the, the, the, the, the hack was you go there, order lunch to go and you order the burger. 'cause it's all the ends of the stakes and the fucking killer burger. And you take it down to the river and you look at Manhattan and have this was $5 burger at the time. And you're like, this is the greatest fucking lunch in the greatest city. I fucking love it here Man. He fucking making Yeah, exactly. There. Yeah. And I was like, fucking New York, man. This is Peter Luger fucking burger. And fucking there's Manhattan and we're gonna fuck. I I just, but this review is so toxic.


Yeah. And Ari and I had just eaten there. Ariel, we had just been No Ari Shafi. We had just, sorry. We had just been there like a month before and we were like, what the fuck are you talking about? Yeah. It's, we had one of the best meals of our life. It's also an experience. Yeah. It comes the whole thing sizzling And this butter on and the smell. Oh yeah. It's old Swag and the fucking best All the guys who worked there. So good. Been there for 35 years. Shout Out to Peter Lucas. Shout out to Peter Lucas. I've, but it's the point, it's like even a place like that, that you should, you should go there and just take in what you're experiencing. Yeah. You're, you're, you're experiencing a classic, classic old school steakhouse that does it exactly the same way every time. And Have been for like, You know, forever.


Forever, yeah. Forever. Yeah. But it's just that people even in that will find negativity. Everything sucks. Yeah. And I think we were talking about this last night that I think this is a, a symbol of the times we're going through right now because everyone is so anxious. Yeah. The presidential elections are headed and no one knows what the fuck is gonna happen. Yeah. Or what's the, what's the right answer? Yeah. Is it better if she gets in? Is it better if he gets in? Is he gonna be a dictator? Is she gonna crack down a free speech? Are we gonna be in World War ii? Right. What's hap, does Iran have a fucking nuke? Was that earthquake a nuke or was it just an earthquake? You know, there's a nuclear test. The weather. I'm controlling the weather. The weather. Why does God hate Florida? Like what? All these different things. Like there's so much going on Israel and Gaza in the Middle East.


And fuck man. Its so, everyone is like, fuck Tim Burton, fuck that movie. Fuck this, fuck that and fuck that restaurant. And it's like, it's just this, the zeitgeist is disturbed. We don't have, it's not a peaceful time in, in our, There's a lot of anxiety. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't, You know, I think we're missing out on the reality of our existence, which if we lived at any other time, we lived in 1924 and you got a time machine to go to 2024, you'd be like, holy Shit. Fuck. This is Good, man. This is amazing. Or 1824. Oh God. When you go get stabbed with a fucking bayonet and die of gangrene over two. Yeah. Like It was fucking unpleasant. Yeah. And you're eating shit. You're shitting all the time.


'cause everybody refrige, everybody Weighed hundred refrige 20 pounds. 'cause there was no Food. There's no food. Yeah. And you couldn't drink fucking water. Right. 'cause you get the shit. Yeah. Like It, it was bad. It was bad. There's a reason why most people in history were drunk. Yes. 'cause they had to drink alcohol. Because if you drink regular water, you'd have fucking poison in it. It's like you're getting bacteria. And then when we moved to cities, we're like, You know what? Now we got it figured out. We'll just put it in pipes. We just be beautiful lead pipes. We'll just put it in. Well now it's, and everyone's getting well Now VC pipe. Everyone's got plastic in their balls. Well, that's the other problem I wanted to talk to you about is don't you freak because 'cause when I first started, started studying politics, you, you have to take stats and they're like, there was a southern dude teach me. He is like, you can have a statistic to prove anything.


And my thing now is, and this is what I became interested in, is like all the, this is why I start with RFK Junior. Everyone has all the stats and then they give stats so forcefully that you believe in. Like, well that sounds fucking thing. And there's stats about this and there's stats about that. And all the stats are bad. Yeah. There's No good stats. There's no good stats. And so, well, there's a good stat in terms of if you look at society in comparison to society of 200 years ago, it's safer People. That's El Elon Musk. Yeah. Yeah. People, he's like, if you look at It, people are kinder, people are way more, it's it's way educated, healthy, way more educated, healthy. We understand things more. Yeah. And like if you look at the sort of coefficient of, of hundreds of years ago, Elon brought that up and I remember looking at that going, oh yeah, fuck, we're doing good.


Yeah. Which is when I got into the Carl Sagan shit of we're actually living in the greatest fucking window of all time. Where's the fucking anxiety coming from? And I don't know who said this, but I think it was, I don't know who said this, but work satisfies, need, desire and sanity. Like you, you, you, you need to work to like, for food. Yeah. You know, desire. 'cause happiness is going forward, right? Yes. And then sanity is if you don't fucking work, you go crazy. This is my fear with universal basic income, which I think is inevitable. Yeah. It's inevitable. It's inevitable. Yeah. Yeah. I think this the only way we're gonna be able to keep people alive. A hundred percent. My fear is that we're gonna have too much control over those people if we do that. And that those people will have no purpose.


And we'll have an even more disenfranchised population than we have today. And the haves and the have nots will be even further and further apart. And, and there's no real education that is in school today where you take a child and you say, Hey, look, the world is going to change and most of these jobs are gonna be useless. You're gonna have to find something that you love that resonates with people. Yeah. And if you do that, people are gonna be willing to exchange that for money. Yeah. Whatever it is. If you can make ceramics like this, this table, a guy named Drew made this table this. I know the man who made it. He is a carpenter. He made a table out of wood. We, we gave him the specifications. I told him I like oak.


You know, like this is a handmade thing and a handmade thing is always, to me is gonna be very valuable. Yeah. I love a handmade knife. Yes. You know, I, I love, I love things that someone worked on built. Yeah. I love a painting, like a painting that someone like my friend Taylor made this, it's he painted it. Yeah. He sat down in his studio, he painted it. And I I love that. That's always gonna be valuable. Yeah. The problem is most people have never been encouraged to pursue their interest. They've been encouraged to get a job to Be not Stage job. And they probably don't even know what their interests are. Sure. Or how those interests could translate Been stifled. Yeah. Right. They've been stifled. Well, you're exactly right. And so, so actually when I was spending a lot of time in Silicon Valley, there was a lot of this talk, and they're talking about universal, You know, living wage or basic wage.


And I was like, what are you fucking talking about? You're gonna give everyone a hundred grand. Right? And they're like, well, the synthesis of AI is all human endeavor done by machines. I'm like, wow, come on. So I was kind of the skeptic, You know, this is 10 years ago, and now all of this shit has come true. They were already thinking about this back then. They're, because they're also saying exactly what you said, which is, let's say quantum computing happens and AI at the same time, which is probably three years away, one quantum computer has enough computing power that all the existing computers in the world today. Right. Right. And then you add AI to that. So there's a whole new fucking tech revolution where it becomes even more rich people who own shit and, and even more. Right.


So they're like, if unless you take care of though those people, they're gonna come 'cause we're the nerds. They're gonna come with the hammers. Right. And the currency's gonna be bullets. It's not gonna be chips. Right. And so you're, it's planted to the apes. You got fucking, You know, people on one side here and the big brains on the other side, and you're like, oh, they're, they already knew this. They were already thinking this because they're like, we're gonna buy them off, but people are gonna go crazy if you buy them off. Yeah. It's not necessarily buy them off. It's keep them alive. Yeah. Keep 'em alive. Okay. Because people are not gonna have any fucking money And buy them off. They're 'cause they're afraid that they're gonna come take Their shit. Well, I don't think we should look at it that way. I think there's got to be a concerted effort to educate people about the possibilities of their life right on earth.


That you, that they've been indoctrinated to think that they have to be a worker. How many of these people are out there that are doing masonry work, really want to be a painter? How many of those people that, that really wanted to be in a band? How many of these people, there's something probably that most people wanna do. Yeah. One thing the universal basic income will do is if, You know, you give everybody a hundred grand a year, whatever it is, you're gonna satisfy their, their, they're not gonna worry about rent, they're not gonna worry about food. Yeah. So now maybe they can pursue, the problem is people get fucking lazy when you give 'em free money. It's just a Fact. Maybe you're right. It's not everybody. Yeah. But a lot of people Yeah. They just exist and they'll just play video games all day. And You know, look, if we're gonna deal with a society where everything is run by AI and automated that you're gonna have to give people money.


Yeah. 'cause the extraordinary wealth that's gonna be generated by AI Yeah. Is gonna make that not that difficult to do. Yeah. Especially when you consider how much money we give to other countries already. A hundred percent. Right. We've, over the last couple of years, we've given a hundred and what, how many billion dollars to Ukraine? Yeah. I think it's more than, it's up to 200 billion now. Yeah. Something crazy like that. Yeah. That amount of money when you're dealing with ai, when you're dealing with automation just to keep people fed and housed, like that's reasonable. But you're, you're gonna have to figure out a way to give people purpose. Yes. And, and that's gonna have to, that's harder be a revamping of the education system. That's exactly right. It's a revamping of the education system because you're saying, well, all of these, we were, we were, and this is another great thing on Gen X, but we were built to be workers.


We were, you're supposed to get u universal education is supposed to just be enough so you can be a, a good worker and a good taxpayer, and you get a job. And then by the way, you, you get outta college and you're, you already have debt, then you buy a consumer durable. You buy a fucking car, you buy a Yeah. A washing machine. And that's, You know, we'll give everybody that. But we give you debt and then you buy a house and then you're in debt, and then you finally get outta debt and then you die. Right. And so you just work, work, work, work, work. And by the way, you're exactly right. You had to get a job JOB not FUN. It's just, you go and you do it And it, you give you money and then you become An adult. That's it. Yeah. And then, You know, but That's not true because all of this human endeavor is now gonna be done by machines. And you're like, okay, now what do you got?


And and I I agree a hundred percent. It's going to be something that we can't even fathom. Which is what do you really like to do? Right. What do you love doing? What do you, by the way, building a table is worth more than fucking being a corporate executive. Well it is if you enjoy it. Exactly. Yeah. If you have a, a business that you actually enjoy doing. Exactly. That's what I'm saying. Like, that's what we have to teach. Yeah. Rather than We, we have to. And there's also this comparing thing, You know, I was at dinner the other night and my friend who's friends with this billionaire, he's his friend is a billionaire, and his friend was comparing his wealth to friends of his that owned multiple corporations and are worth 30, 40 billion.


He's like, I'm fucking poor compared to that guy. I'm like, right. You missed the whole point. You missed the whole point of getting wealthy. Yeah. You have, fuck you bunny. And you're not even saying, fuck you, you should be on a boat somewhere, man. You should be marlin fishing. You know, you should be fucking laying in the sun. You should be doing things you enjoy doing. You should be taking that trip you always wanted to take. That's what you're supposed to be doing. You're not supposed to be keeping up with other billionaires. So you're working 16 hours a day on Adderall just so that you could fucking get those stock numbers moving. Like What? Well, the one, yeah. My, the, the smartest thing anyone ever told me about money was my old man. And he said, life is like a shit sandwich. The more bread you have, the less shit you you have to eat. This is a guy who, the only dude who ever lost money on insider trading.


He was not good. But, but, but it's true. Like, the one thing, the one thing that you do notice when you get a bit of cash is people are fucking nice to you. That Helps. They're nice to you. And when, when you don't have money, not online, Not online. No. But like, and then, and then, and then then and you realize like, oh fuck. Like people like can be like, are not nice to you, You know? Yeah. In general. A lot, a lot of times. And you're like, that's, that's fucking sucks. And, and like yeah. When you get a bit of money, a bit of success or whatever, people are a lot fucking nicer. And that's the one thing that, that, You know, that that i, that I remarked upon in my life. The rest of it's all garbage. The rest of it's all bullshit. But, but, but, but people being nice and like, You know, not shit, not sucking.


Yeah. You know, is that's Pretty good. That's nice. And having a cushion. Yeah. So you don't have to worry about mentally. Like I remember the first check, I got a real check. I got a development deal from Disney of all people when I was like, I guess I was like 26. And it was the first time ever I had like a good chunk of money, like six figures in the bank. Yeah. And I felt weight different. I felt weight lifted off me. Yeah. Like a physical feeling of Whoa. Yeah. Because every, like, my whole life, it's like, how am I gonna eat? Yeah. How am I gonna pay my rent? How am I gonna do this? And then all of a sudden I don't have to worry about that anymore. Yeah. And I was like, oh, I get it now. And I remember this revelation like, okay, now I just have to keep this momentum going.


Yeah. Because once you have a good amount of money where you don't have to worry about money anymore, that feel you don't wanna get ever get back to that desperation feeling. That's a terrible feeling. And that's the feeling most people are listening to this exist in. Yeah. That feeling of concern about your bills. Yeah. It's the number one struggle in marriages. It's the number one s Yeah. It's the number one struggle for everything. For everything. Well this is why we're getting, why bring it up? Like I had the exact same moment in my life, never had any money. And then I'll never forget it, I was walking down the rambles in, in Barcelona. 'cause I was living there trying to set up vice bang. And I, I went in a bank machine and I, And it was, we had done some deal And it was the first time I got paid any money. It wasn't a lot of money, but it was, You know, same kind of deal, like six figure thing.


And, and I took out the money and I went like my life changed that I still remember how I, like how it smelled. I still remember Yeah. Because my life changed Because it was, it was the first time I didn't have $28 in my bank account. Right. And I just went and like my, like my breathing changed. Yeah. Like, It just, everything, like you said, Like It was like weight lifts off you, weight lifts off you and, and that, that, and, and humans don't like to go backwards, but Yeah. Living in that sort of constant fear, that's the problem with money. Yeah. And that's why there is a chance, And it was good that you brought that up actually, that like you can, you can kind of take this anyway, You know, like human humanity can take the next let's say 20 years anyway, we want to take it and you can take it to be like, let's fucking learn from what we've learned, learned and be positive and try to take this as a fucking thing where hu humanity gets better and we do this in the right way, rather than just do a fucking knee-jerk reaction freaking out.


Fuck. Like, what the fuck's gonna fuck? Like I think I'm sure that you're gonna look back at a time when like social media was fucking fucking up kids' heads. And you're right. We're gonna say it wasn crazy dude. Right. It's gonna be like smoking. We're gonna look at the stock market and go Yeah. It's fucking completely manipulated by supercomputers and trillion dollar funds and the little guy gets fucked. Right. Why? What the fuck did we let that happen? Right. Right. There's gonna be all kinds of coming outta the pond moments where we go, Hey. Like we were, we were doing it wrong. Yeah. But there's this big, You know, chaos is a ladder. There's this big, You know, chaotic time right now and you're exactly right. And people getting anxious about it and everything. And you're like, yeah, we gotta use that as a time to say, Hey, why don't we fucking have an economy where there is a universal basic wage and or living wage.


And we take that to doing shit where you do something that you like and, and you're, you're, you're you're happy about because that your job is probably going away. I guarantee you it will cause less crime. I think crime will dip. Yeah. Substantially. I think there'll be less civil unrest. People's needs will be met. It'll, it'll give everyone that feeling of, oh, I don't have to worry about my bills anymore. It's just finding purpose. That's gonna be the next thing. And the people that are really gonna be fucked are the people that didn't find purpose already before. And then they're like 40. And then that happens. 'cause they're gonna be sad. And that's, that's what I'm worried about. I'm worried about the people that are already sort of indoctrinated into a certain specific way of living and then all of a sudden their purpose, which was their job, You know, they worked at the factory and they're like, You know, Johnny's employee of the month.


Yeah. Johnny, you're doing a fucking great job. We really appreciate you. Yeah. And that guy feels purpose. Yeah. He puts in a hard day's work. When he gets that paycheck, he knows he earned it. That's who he is. He's the number one guy at the plant. He's the foreman. He's the guy. The men respect. That's a real thing for human beings. We need a thing that makes us feel like we are, we're progressing. Yeah. It's, it's a part of our DNA, our DNA The reason why we're still alive. The reason why we survived is 'cause we solved problems. We figured out what's going on. We made ourselves useful. And it makes you useful to the tribe. Yeah. It makes for makes you feel good. You have a sense of purpose. That's the guy that's the best hunter. She knows how to fucking plant vegetables. He knows how to make cloth.


Everybody had a job. Yeah. And it, it gave you a sense of purpose. Yeah. We're gonna have to figure this out quick. A hundred percent. Because I think it's gonna be like the birth of a child. It's gonna be like this screaming wha painful. Ah, yeah. It's gonna be this thing filled with anxiety, but it is happening whether we'd Like It or not. Yeah. And, and if we don't start educating children about the benefits of having a fulfilled life where you're doing something you actually enjoy and not telling them, don't do that. It's too hard. Don't do that. It's risky. Thank God I didn't listen to anybody because my Whole, you wouldn't exist.


I would've not a thing I did ever. Yeah. Anybody told me to do. Yeah. Not fighting. My parents tried to stop me from fighting when I was doing martial arts. When I tried to do comedy. They were worried that why aren't you, you did so well in martial arts. Why are you quitting and doing this new thing? Yeah. And every fucking step of the way, when I started doing podcasts, my friends' like, what are you wasting your time doing this for? Right. Yeah. It was all, when we started doing video podcasts, people were like, on, why are you spending so much time doing video? That's so stupid. Nobody watches video. Everyone says no. I was like, I don't care. I just wanna do it. Yeah. Like, just do what you like to do. Yeah. If you can. But I just, for whatever reason, got lucky that I got into a pattern like that very early in life. Yeah. Both my parents worked, so there wasn't a lot of guidance.


Yeah. So I found a thing that I liked and I just went and did it. Yeah. And You know, they're like, why are you wasting your time doing bye mom? Yeah. I fucking leave the house and I was on my own. And So I got into a pattern of that early. Yeah. But there's so many people that don't. Yeah. And so many people that get a job and then that job's gonna go away. Yeah. And it's gonna be replaced by a fucking computer. And I, if you're listening to this and that happens to you, don't become an alcoholic. Yeah. Don't just give in, find something else. Find purpose, find a thing. Go back To what you love. There's so many, I wish I had 50 lives to live simultaneously. Me too. I would've a bunch of different jobs. Yeah. I've always wanted to do a bunch of different things. Yeah. No, I, There's so many interesting things in this life.


Well, I think you're a hundred percent right. But I, I also think, like, especially with kids, now is the time to start saying exactly that. Yes. Like listen. Yes. You know, like, I did what I wanted to do and, and, and the same thing everybody told me. No. You know, everyone told, You know, and all that stuff. Which by the way, You know, I, when I, I heard them saying no. Like, when you're like, I'm gonna get into fighting. Yeah. No. You know, you're not I'm gonna do comedy. Yeah. No, you're not, dude. You're not doing, oh, now I'm gonna get into pod. What the fuck's a podcast you're not gonna fuck. It's great. I can hear them saying no in my brain, bro. Howard Stern used to mock podcasts and he was my hero as like a guy who loved listening to him on the radio. Yeah. And hearing him mock podcasts when I was doing, I was like, damn.


I was like, oh, holy's wrong. That's not Good. Yeah. The laugh of the victorious. Ah, it's a good laugh. It is a good one. It's the best laugh. But Yeah. So everyone said no to me, but so now I agree. You have to go to kids and say, look dude, do whatever the fuck you want and do what you're good at. Do what you're passionate about. Like, do that whole thing. Fine. We Gotta stimulate them. There we go. Stimulate them with interesting things. This, I mean, that's when we're talking about how I got this unexpected education on this podcast, I, I realized that I, it wasn't that I was not interested in things or that I wasn't intelligent. It's that I wasn't stimulated. And I was a very physical person when I was a kid. Yeah. I had so much fucking energy.


Mm. And when you're sitting in a class and you're a little buzz saw, Like, it was like, I can't do this. Yeah. Yeah. And if I lived with the wrong parents, and especially in a different time, I would've 100% been medicated. Yeah. But what it was, was that I was a different car. Yeah. Okay. I wasn't a Honda Civic, You know, I was a a a a Shelby Mustang for the shirt I'm wearing. Yeah. I was, I was, I was a, I needed to go. Oh yeah. I need to go. Yeah. I I gotta get stimulated by things. Yeah. I need stuff that excites me. Yeah. I can't just sit down and I'm not good at listening, which Is not what school does. It cuts off the tall trees. Doesn't It doesn't just do that. It tells you to not go for it.


Yeah. Yeah. It tells you Exactly. It cut off the Door. Yeah. You're you're a bad person. Yeah. If you can't be, don't Fit forward. You don fit. Yeah. And, but like, somebody had to be Johnny Cash a hundred percent. Like there's a, we all celebrate these people that escaped. Somebody had to be Jimi Hendrix. Somebody had to be Richard Pryor. Like obviously they were real. Like, so they did it And everyone told them not to. It is like a reward for getting out of that fucking quagmire of bullshit and mediocrity. And that's what we, it's gotta be the Smith Rogan Academy and just say, look, don't do any of that shit. Yeah. You fucking do what you love. And also find shit that interests you and go do that. Because I didn't do that for a while. It's like a fucking purgatory. You Gotta pursue it. Like your life depends on it Because you Do.


Because it does. It actually does. It does. It actually does. And you can get gig jobs. You could wait tables, you could drive Uber. I drove limos, I did construction. I did whatever I had to do. I delivered newspapers. I did whatever I had to do to try to like do a thing that, and I didn't know if I was gonna make it. But I, back then, when you're 21 years old, you have no responsibilities. Yeah. No health insurance, no nothing. And you could just fucking try things. Yeah. Just try things. And if you don't do that, you're gonna be sad. And that's the reality of the world we live in. When people want to talk to the, about the levels of depression in this country, what about the levels of purpose? And do they coincide? Yeah. With the, the, the levels of how many people have learned to control their emotions?


How many people have learned to get their health in order? How many people have learned how to meditate? How many people have learned how to think about things before you make a decision? And try to give yourself advice objectively, how many people have Not over medicate or not medicate at all. You're Not medicate at all. Yeah. How many people have learned how to like, apologize to your friends, apologize to your family if you made a mistake. How many people have learned to own up to when you were the wrong, when you were in the wrong? Instead of just covering it up and pretending and arguing. Yeah. And, and, and trying to, You know, distort things. Yeah. Just learn. Yeah. Learn and grow. Like we all make mistakes. We all. And if you are on the wrong path in life, and if you're doing something you don't want to do, figure out a way to get the fuck outta that job.


Yeah. And actually do it. Don't talk about it. Fucking do it. 'cause if you don't, and if you do it, it's gonna be so exciting. It's gonna be terrifying. You'll be like, oh my God, I can't believe I'm afraid. Oh my God. I gotta I gotta make this happen. But fucking go for it. Yeah. You don't have much time. You have to. You got to. You have to. If you don't, you're gonna be sad. And that's just the reality of a lot of you. Or you're gonna be angry. Yeah. And it's really, you're not even angry at the things you think you're angry at. Yeah. You're angry at your existence. Well, that's when I go back to this thing of, you wanna talk about meditation is whenever you get angry or anxious, whatever. Say, look, you're living in the greatest fucking window of time ever in the history of fucking time.


Ever. Ever. So when, what are you waiting for? Yeah. The better window of time. Right. It's not coming. Right. And so when you put it in a sort of grandiose perspective, you're like, I'm gonna enjoy the fucking shit. Yeah. Out of today. Because this is the best day in the fucking world ever. It's the best day ever. And It, but not only in the, in the world, in the history of the world, but in the history of every other planet that we, that we, that we know about. And part of what makes it exciting is that we're almost blowing it apart. Yeah. Well that's the other problem. Like, that's what you should enjoy. If you're sitting at a restaurant having a nice steak in a glass of wine. Yeah. You should enjoy the fact that, You know, we're not in rubble. You should. Yeah.


That's a real thing. That's a real thing. That's a real thing. I I, I feel like that every time I come back from somewhere, You know, and that's one thing about reporting, is you come back and you're like, you really fucking enjoy, you really enjoy life. This really Is the promise land. Yeah. It is. The, it really is. I mean, clearly not for everybody, but also there's a possibility the opportunity awaits itself right here. It, it really is the greatest country the world has ever known in the middle of all the bullshit we're going through and all the chaos and all the potential wars that we're involved in and wars we're involved in. It's still the greatest place ever. The greatest time ever. It's just confusing. And it's also one of the only countries you realize guys like us, like you have a kick at the can. Yeah. Right. Most countries you don't have a kick at the can You got the wrong last name, the wrong accent.


Caste systems. Yeah. Yeah. Well just, and, and, and like, like England, You know, Europe, if you were aristocracy then you had everything. And if you weren't, you had nothing. And if you want to get ahead, people get angry at you. There's some stat, like, again, going back to stats, but there's some stat, like 80% of the world's wealth is inherited. And by 2045 it's gonna be even higher. It's gonna be like, and you're like, oh fuck you forget. 'cause we come from, oh, we made money, or Elon made money, or fucking Larry Page made money or whatever. Those are the, the real rich guy Bezos. And, and, but, but the majority of the world, it's like, yeah, my parents had money a thousand years ago, So I have money today. That's So crazy. And and That's how you make Joffey.


Well that's how you make fucking Game of Thrones. Yeah. Well that's how you make lots of them. Yeah. You make monsters. Yeah. Monsters. And so, so yeah. Like you come here and I'm like, I'm an immigrant and I came here. I'm fucking, I was the ambassador for fucking New York. I'm like, I came here with no fucking shoes and billionaire. I fucking loved great fucking city. In the fucking world. Yeah. Fucking amazing. And the Canadians were like, 'cause the Canadian identity is like, we're not American, kind of thing. Right. And I was unapologetic. I went to New York, I'm like, this is the greatest goddamn city in the fucking world. And which it is. And then, and then, and then I moved to LA when I had kids, I went, well this is pretty fucking nice too. I used to wanna live in Canada. I used to love Canada. I love Canada.


Don't get me wrong. I love Canada. Canada's a great place to grow Up. I thought about living in Vancouver. It wasn beautiful. I was like, I could live in Vancouver. Beautiful. It's beautiful. Like if shit hits the fan of the United States, I always felt Like It Beautiful country and Canadians are amazing people. They're Amazing, amazing people. I I always feel like Canada has 20% less douche bags. That's it. Wasn my feeling. Yeah. When I used to do shows up there. Yeah. We would all talk about it. We'd do a gig in Toronto, we'd do a gig in Montreal. Yeah. And we're Canada, Montreal. Beautiful, beautiful. Canada is the best, the best. I love it up there. I love the people. They're friendly and hardworking. Great place to go. Peaceful, smart. And they're smart and they're educated. Yeah. And it was always fun. I loved it up there. Yeah. I just loved the attitude of the place. Yeah. I've met so many cool people in Canada, but now the, the way Trudeau is running it, it scares the shit outta me.


I'm like, you guys are sliding into communism. You're sliding every day. They push a little bit further. A little bit further. Yeah. I mean, if you don't get rid of that guy, if you don't turn that thing around, you're fucked. Yeah. Look, I've seen a lot of things happen in Canada where to me it's, it's government shouldn't run things at all. Like if, if, if we can stay away from it, what does that mean? It means like universal healthcare. So when I grew up, it was good. You could go to any hospital, the doctors were all good, some of the best doctors in the world, da da. And then because they didn't manage it correctly And it got too big, it got too government.


Like 80 cents of every dollar was going to managing it rather than the doctors. So they left, they came down here, there's a big brain drain. And now you can't get a doctor. You have to sign up and wait for three years. It's like the NHS in, in the UK or something. And it just doesn't work. 'cause the government's too big. It's just, You know, once you get the government involved, it becomes like a welfare program. You're just paying all kinds of people to work on the thing that, but no one's doing the actual thing that they're supposed to work on. Right. The healthcare, Bureaucracy, Bureaucracy. So it's, it's a problem. But I, my later stages in life to get into this and to get into the American political system and, and the bull goose loony that, that, that is this political cycle and this electoral cycle and Canada and what's happening in Europe.


I really get this feeling, and maybe, You know, we're gonna get into it on this, but when I was younger, You know, and I was studying stuff and I was, I I, I always feel like I would love to go back to being in college. 'cause when I was in college, I just wanted to get out. I wanted, I wanted to get out and make money and stuff. And I just did everything to just get the fuck out. And now I'm like, if I could just read books and talk to people and then write about that, I'd fucking, where where do I sign up? Yeah. Fucking, just thinking about shit. So I fucking would love to, it's wrong timing when you're, when you're, but anyway, but I used to study pol. I would love philosophy, I loved politics. When I first came down to America and I had been studying American politics, Bubba Clinton had, was a consensus politician.


Reduced the size of government, took the largest deficit of all time. Turned the largest surplus of all time. And then Bush got in, turned the largest surplus of all time. Largest deficit, increased size government. And I'm like, no one said boo. Right. No one said anything. And you're like, the whole fundamental principles of the Republican democratic party immigration, the before Trump, the, the, the, it was, there's none more Reagan to meet was the, the calling card of, of of, of the GOP. Reagan was the best president for immigration. If you're an immigrant ever. He was super pro immigration and the Democrats were against it. They completely switched their platforms on it. Yeah. And you're like, to me, when you look at America, you say, okay, it's a republic, it's two party system.


They're always in power one's. That's like a two party system. You're always in power. You're always in power. Or you're fucking trying to control the house or, and you're like, is it all much ado about nothing? Is it all a politic like bread and puppet theater? It's like, this is super fucking important for you to watch over here to give you some sort of thinking that I have some agency that I can vote and it's gonna fucking matter about anything. Whereas what the fuck really changes on the big shit? Like what the fuck really changes on the economy? What the fuck really changes what any of the shit that we're talking about, right. About school, about education, about big, like the other shit you talk about, which is fascinating and it's great that you do it about big pharma, big food, big education.


Yeah. Military, industrial. What the fuck really changes in that? Zero. Zero. Yeah. The only thing that changes is if there's someone who really wants to push reform, really wants to change things. And the real question is like, when you get a guy like Trump who's promising all this stuff, how much can you actually get away with? How much can you actually change? What, what can you actually do? And will that change things for the better? Very little. Well, when it comes to politically, politically, politically, America's set up to do very, the American government is set to do very little and do it very slowly. It wasn what it was said. Well, not only that, a long time ago we gave into allowing money to enter into politics in, in this huge influential way. And then we allowed pharmaceutical drug companies to advertise on television and food and, but all those things.


But those were the big ones. 'cause as soon as you had control of the narrative, there's no way the media is gonna spoil the relationship that they have with their biggest providers of revenue. They're not gonna do that. So whatever, whether it's the food companies or whether it's pharmaceutical drug companies, they're gonna ignore as much as possible about the negatives of, of these products. And then you have a propaganda state where you have these people that are literally hired to say stories they know are not true. Because this will benefit the people that are their advertisers. And that's where you get fucking crazy. It's also how that model implodes, which is fascinating. Yeah. So that model becomes less relevant.


And the Michael Shellenberger and the Matt TBIs of the world, then people start turning to them, the, the Glenn Greenwald of the world. People say, well, these people, Joe Rogan are honest and they're, well, I'm not a journalist. I know, but, But these people are honest. You interview a lot of people who tell a lot of things that, that people don't get at other places. Yes. And then crazy people too. But that's fun. It aliens Let's get into aliens. Comedians Like, I wanna know what You know about aliens. Yeah. I, nobody, sorry, I keep going on. I wanna hear that end of that though. I Don't remember where I was going. Where, where was I going? You were, oh, the, the, so what they've done is they've created their own demise by giving it to Satan's deal. So by sucking Satan's cock and getting all that money, you, you've, now you, you're not a news organization anymore.


You're a propaganda outlet and everybody knows it. You have the news. But that's been, but the news is a thin layer of bread on the shit sandwich. But that Yes, but that's been, see this is the thing is that's been since the fucking beginning. It's nothing new. Like, I forget who it was, but I was talking to somebody, he goes, what is news? What is news Shane? You know who Royer was? You know who Royer was. He, he, he, he, he started the Reuters to, to start a newspaper to say fuck you to his enemy, blah, blah, blah. He just bought it. He was just a rich guy who bought, I can't do his accent anymore. But, but basically he got incensed with me because he was just like, that's what it always was. Some rich guy would start a newspaper just to say, fuck you. The other rich Guy. Why did Bezos by the Washington Post?


Well, because he was on the cover of the New York Times. What is it? You can't, you can't be on the cover of the New York Times 18 days in a row. And he was on 13 was Post was something like that. Yeah, He was on That's fine by the way. And it worked, You know. Yeah, It worked well. I mean, look, you can use money to get a lot of things done, but it's just, but I'm just, no, what I'm saying is there's always been money in politics and there's always been money in media. It's just now it's, it's more obvious than ever before. And now you're right. Like there, there are agendas. So my whole thing is like, I'm, I'm an immigrant, but I'm, I'm non-political. I'm literally serious. I like, I, I believe in the game. I, I like the game. I like watching the game. And that's why I say like, I like to take a look like, okay, there's this whole fucking thing going on over here where the status quo doesn't change.


And I think you and I are like, look, that's what has to fucking change over there. That's the real power over there. Yeah. This shit for me becomes, and it's funny 'cause this is like, I dunno what, what, what I'm showing up myself. I don't know what the elect this election's 53, 54, something like that. The 54 56. It's pretty close. It's around there somewhere. It, it fluctuates depending on what Roles we're on season 53. Right. And that's why you have to have the craziness. You have to have two assassination attempts. You have to have fucking Biden by the way, Biden has to be kicked out mid election. And we're gonna get So like, you're like, oh, season 53, the Fawns is jumping the shark, but the Shark's eating by piranhas. Not only That Biden's wearing a MAGA hat. Yeah. Like there's this, But that's like, look, Can I pause you for a second?


Yeah. Because Jamie, you brought something, Jamie, you didn't bring it up. Somebody else brought up Sean brought it up to me. Was there some sort of a physical, a altercation between Jill Biden's people and Kamala Harris's people? There's Been reports About this stuff on Twitter, but like I, it's just like Twitter Reports, You know, I don't, I haven't seen anyone show pictures or quotes. It's just like a TA Twitter account Saying stuff Like that. I check Is it a good Twitter account? No, I would, I don't remember there, there's a few people I follow where I know they're full of shit. 'cause they just wanna see nonsense. I Like it. And I just go, what does This take? Wow much. What kind of goods though? Like, You know, it's a lot of the Michelle Obama has a dick like that does. Yeah. There's so many of 'em. There's so many of them.


But I, I, I love, I love memes. Like, Oh my God, I Love me fucking love mem love and how fast and horror love. You wanna talk about creativity and art? Like some of them are so fucking good and, and so quick artistic and so quick. You're like, how the fuck did they fucking do that one? Like, I fucking love it. Love. Yeah. And, and there's so inappropriate. And that's what's fun about it's 'cause you could never kind of say, you could never say this shoe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I, I'm like, Yeah, I'll say this to Jamie so he knows what we're talking about. Yeah. It's just like, So I, I'm just, but like, it's like there's so many of them now. And so anyway that's like, I was during, during, during, I don't know if that's true during Covid.


Oh Well this guy's pretty legit, Right. But just his per White House Official, which he did, how do you say his name? IC Poso. How do you say his name? I dunno. IC Vic. But this guy's pretty legit. There was a physical altercation between Jill and Kamala staffers in the White House after Joe's press room last week began with accusation. The Bidens were undermining Kamala's deliberate Kamala deliberately per White House official. Well it does seem like he's doing that. Like when he called that press conference, he hadn't called any press conference. So he decides to call a press conference in the middle of a national emergency. And he's out. Yeah. And he's out and everyone know. But he's still the president. He's still the president. P call a press conference. He's still the president. He decide to do that. Still the, he the wearing the MAGA hat.


Like, look, there's no fucking way they're happy. They got kicked out And Jill did not want him to step down. Right. She started taking cabinet meetings. Right. Like Who? Yeah. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah. Yeah. Who Elected you? Can I do it? Let lemme do it. Lemme do it. I'm not elected either. Lemme just sit in, find out what's going on with these people. What are you talking about? How are you running a cabinet meeting? You're just married to the guy that's the President. But that's the whole thing too, because she sat at, I've sat in that room. Like, you can go in, you can sit in the room and soon. Yeah. But he wasn't there. Yeah, He wasn't. But she, I don't think she was running the cabinet meeting. 'cause that's what I'd Heard. Yeah. That's what people say. 'cause there's a picture of her there, but she's not running the fucking cabinet. Why do You wanna ruin a great story? This is fun. It's fun If she's running it.


There you go. If she, I hope she's running it. I hope she's boss bitch. Tell Everybody what the the fuck to do. I mean, the thing the thing about it is, I'm married a Goddamn president for one more Month. If you wanna look at like the, the greatest time of the Republican party when, when Reagan was a president, it was his cabinet. His cabinet was exceptional. And because like he, he had dementia, but his cabinet was, but not initially. He didn't, not initially, but later on. But his cabinet was running America. It was fucking great. Right. So you're see like the cabinet should run America. I'd rather have the cabinet run. Yeah. Something of, of professionals, people who are like designed to do that rather than one fucking person who's gonna go Yes, no. Yep. Yep. That's great. They're the fucking queen of England. And they're supposed to be the queen of England.


Yeah. Do you think his dementia was convenient? Who's Reagan's? I always wonder if he was doing like a Jimmy the Chin type thing. No, I look Reagan Do you m Like here's Jimmy Tingle was a amazing comedian. Yeah. He had this great bit way back in 1988. Okay. When, when Reagan was in trouble for selling weapons to Iran. Oh right. And he said, I can't recall. Yeah. And he goes, do me a favor, Mr. President, you ever selling arms to people who hate us? Jot it down. It's pretty good. It's, I was Like, he goes, make a note. Put it on your refrigerator. Yeah.


That's, I never, I literally never even thought of that, that I would do that. Yeah, sure. He said he couldn't remember anything. Yeah. That's a good move. It is a good Move. Who could tell you whether or not you could remember things you could play dumb. Yeah. That's what Jimmy the Chin did. I don't remember. Do You know that story? No. Jimmy, the Chim Gigante was a mob leader. Yeah. And he would walk around with a bathrobe and slippers and just mumble to himself. Yes. And he would walk down the street with his capos. Yeah. Yeah. And the FBI knew this. And so what they did was they put these little microphones on all the hubcaps so they could record his conversation as he walked down the street. So as he is walking down the street, they were recording everything. Wow. I love shit like that. I love Shit like That.


Like when Israel intercepts the pagers of Hezbollah and blows everybody's balls off. That is, look, it's terrible that those people died, but it seems like they weren't good people. But at the bottom line is, You know how fucking genius that is? To to to to stop the actual shipment. Yeah. To sorry, to figure out that they use this type of analog pager, stop the shipment put and then get them to all blow up at the same time. Wait, wait, wait months, Wait months. And make sure that no one's on an airplane. No's. There's an amazing book called Rise Up and Kill First. I've read that. Yeah. It's a great book. It's about this. Yes. It's about like, we can't win a war so we're gonna assassinate our way to say Yeah.


Yeah. It's all about Israel. Yeah. It's, it's Crazy. And, and and using political assassinations. Yes. Fantastic. It's crazy when you find out they're doing that like, god damn Well, You know how goddamn genius that is and imagine being them and realizing like, this is how deeply Israel's infested into your organization in Our shit. That's gotta be terrifying. Well, just recently they got the head of Hezbollah and then the second head and then the third head within like three or four days of each other. And then they're trying to get new guys and they're like, Uhuh. Yeah. I don't want that Gig. I'm not, I don't want that gig. It's, the whole thing is, it's very, very fascinating. Well, Well's, the people that invented Pegasus Yeah. You know, they invented that. The ability to just, they now apparently getting your phone Pegasus two, all they have to have is your phone number.


Yeah. And they're in That's True. I have a, I I actually talked to one of the guys who owned that company. If you want the hack for Pegasus, I don't know if it still is. Turn your phone off repeatedly and then 'cause every time you turn your phone off they have to re-put the Pegasus in. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I don't know by That doesn't, well that's it. Wasn from the dude. I would, I would tell that to people just to fucking idiot. Shut his phone off. No, I got it from the owner. It's true. Meanwhile, you're never off the phone. Meanwhile like never off. Yeah, exactly. That's how you could use find your phone. Yeah. I mean there's, there's, I'm sure there's probably some hacks, but Eric Prince has a new phone called the Unplugged phone that's designed by the guy who created Pegasus apparently. And it's like this untrackable phone that kind of constantly.


But Who knows? I, I don't, I think they could track everything. I think you are, first of all with quantum computing. Yeah. When quantum computing becomes ubiquitous, there's going to be no more passwords. No. That's all gone. Doesn't work folks. It does not work. Security encryption. It's out the window. Bitcoin. Oh yeah. Your credit cards. Oh, you're fucked. Everything. Everyone's fucked. And we're not prepared for that. A Hundred percent. No. It's gonna be real weird. 'cause I've always said that like what money is today essentially is numbers. Yeah. It's just ones and, and zeros. Yeah. We make it up. And the thing that you see with the internet is as technology increases, people get more and more access to, to information. To ones and zeroes to data.


Yeah. Yeah. The bottleneck is gonna be money. Yeah. And eventually that's gonna break through. And then what do you own? Yeah. And who owns what and where is it stored and what is it? It's all, it's all digital. And soon, very soon there'll be no digital encryption. There'll be no digital safety at all. Everything. By the way, you're talking about money Every fucking, So I, one of the most fascinating guys, you, I think you talked to him too. I went to Russia and I hung out with him at the Metropol, which is funny 'cause it's the whole, it's famously the every room is bugged Because it was the only place they let foreigners stay in Moscow. And so we were at the Metropol and he, we got into surveillance and, but he opened my phone and like he was like, as we were having the interview, just showing me like how they can turn on the phone, how can it do and how to like take out this part and take out this camera and do this and do that.


Just like as he was talking about overall government surveillance of everybody. Which by the way, I don't think a lot of people know what he did. He, he said, look, the the American government is illegally, illegally spying on its own people. Oh Yeah. And and by the way, hadn't told him illegally, they weren't allowed to. They the mafia guys, they had to get warrants from judges and shit to fucking, to bug those cars. Now they don't have to get shit. They don't need shit. They just say they have fucking planes with nz catchers flying around. They're picking up right now what we're talking about. Oh, a hundred percent. Every time I have a conversation, every text I send, even the fucked up ones, I go, what? Someone's got that. Oh yeah. So that's what they're gonna say. So not only do your money, but like your whole search history, whatever's in your fucking computer.


I tell my kids, I tell my kids like, your phone is your whole human archive. And at some point someone can take that thing and say, this is, You know, evidence or this is this or this. So like you, you have to make sure that your phone is like, you have to always be thinking. 'cause kids Are not only that, if you're in some sort of a trial, all that shit becomes public record. Yeah. That's what gets really weird. Yeah. Like there's two different people that were involved in trials where my text messages to them became public And it got printed in stories. One was Alex Jones, the other was Elon Musk. It's very strange that they just have access to your text messages. Yeah. Like for what reason? Yeah. I'm, 'cause I'm talking to some guy that I know they just subpoenaed them.


Like, what do you, what do you like the fact that and, and the Alex Jones thing, they wanted every text message he and I had ever exchanged. Wow. Fuck you. Yeah, fuck you. Yeah. So we got it down to whether or not he talked to me about Sandy Hook. That's another thing about this country. There has to be tort reform. Anyone can sue anybody for anything and not have to pay their lawyer. And the lawyer can take 50% of the fuck crazy. It's, it's, it's, it's extortion and it's just, it's, it's, I don't know. Something has to change there because they're just sitting there suing people. 'cause they can Yeah. That's, it's a sport for people and it's a way to make a living. I mean it's like gold digging. Yeah. It's a viable strategy.


Yeah. You know, a shapers. Yeah. There's a lot of that. There's a lot of that. Definitely a lot of that tort reform that would be tort reform. That would be a good thing. So we got tort reform, we got education. But I think what we were talking about earlier with quantum computing and ai, I think we're all in real trouble. Yeah. 'cause I think this society's gonna be completely reimagined And it probably will lean towards some sort of a more socialist existence because of necessity, because of this money thing. 'cause I, I just really don't know how you're gonna accumulate real wealth if everything becomes digital. I think if everything becomes digital ai, quantum compute, we're gonna, we have, we're gonna have real chaos. Well, the problem with quantum is it's gonna be okay, there's a whole new, so when, when the the sort of west or or the north of the rich countries, whatever, leave everyone else behind, You know, monetarily is when, You know, the, the last 20 years of, of, of digital expansion and we just make, You know, trillion dollar companies and they're over here and we make all that money in that economy.


And then you go to like two thirds of the world and that shit hasn't even penetrated yet. Right. Right. So it's like, so quantum computing is that on steroids, right? Because it's like, oh, there's gonna be a whole new economy. 'cause all the other computers are fucking obsolete. All the security is obsolete. There's a whole new economy being generated. Who's it gonna be generated by? The ultra smart, ultra early adopters. Super like, You know, fucking rich people who can afford the quantum blah blah, blah. Right. And everybody else is going even further fucking that way going, there's no more fucking fish. Right. And if you're just like, You know, rioting to get universal basic income raised up to $125,000 a year, like, that's what we're gonna be dealing with. People are looking for inter incremental improvements in their life where they don't have any other way to make money.


It's like they're stuck on the dole. And we, we could have an entire class of society that's just stuck on the dole forever, Which gets larger and larger. Yeah. Which gets larger and larger. Especially as technology increases to the point where almost all jobs are irrelevant. Like Hollywood is in deep shit. They're in real, real, real deep. That's what the strike was about. Because I, I'm doing it with news myself. You can get, like, so when you do news, you get, like, you have news services, right? Right. So you get a news service, you get a wire comes in and you go, oh, fuck, there's a, somebody fucking blew up the car. And you, you have a news team. So you send out shooters and you send out a producer and a fucking, hey, You know what I'm saying? And then you comes back and I would say news should be called olds because you're just in there.


Three days ago, something happened by me, right. With ai, it comes in right away. This just happened in Gaza. You can have video, you can have, you can say, I want Walter Cronkite in black and white reading me my news from Reuters. Right? Right. You can be Peter Jennings circa blown out color from Vietnam era. It could be nineties era, it could be, I want Pravda task, fucking Russian, Soviet. Fuck. You can pick your own newscaster reading you verified news. Right, right. Right away before anybody else, before Fox, before fucking MSNB, before CNN before anybody, B, b, c, anybody. And you're like, why wouldn't you do that? Right. So of, of course. And but if you take that a step further, everyone can become their own, You know, movie director.


'cause you can just plug in your story. You wanna talk about art, you can plug in your story, make a movie. You, Well, you do it through prompts and it'll do almost instantaneously. Yeah. That's what's gonna be so bizarre. And then the real problem with that is if AI is controlling the news, like who's controlling ai? Like what, what control? And are we gonna get to a point where we say, well, You know, we're gonna have to let sentient AI control information. Then we find out that sentient AI is withholding information from us. 'cause it doesn't think we're emotionally stable enough to process it, which we probably aren't. Aren't. Yeah. Yeah. You know, if there's some sort of a, a civil turmoil that could happen because some information gets released. If you were AI now and we're looking at the shit we're doing, you'd say, yeah, these guys don't know what the fuck, what the fuck are they doing?


We gotta take them. They're not good for this planet. Yeah. We would corner zelensky and go, what are you Up to? No, I'm not saying Where's All that money going? I'm saying like, you have a news, like you have a service comes in, it's still people, but you have news service and then AI can make the images or can make the video or whatever. But I mean, look, when you, when you look at media, you're like, oh, it's, that's why this strike happened. Because they know you can, everyone can, can make their own fucking movie. Everyone can make their own TV show. Everyone can. And that'll be the thing. It'll be like individualistic creators. It's not gonna be big studios and shit anymore. Yeah. And, and, and that's, but that's just media. Like, it's gonna be every fucking business. Every Business, every business. Smith and Ricardo were like, who wrote, You know, the basis of capitalism?


They're like, yeah, well, You know, they were both apology for the, for the industrial revolution. That's what it called Marx. But they were like, yeah. You know, the, the, the, the blueberry pickers will have to move to the cities and become iron mongers and, and You know, that's, that'll, that'll happen. And they're like, well, blueberry pickers can't like forge iron. And they go, well, You know, a generation will die. And then they'll figure it out and, You know. Right. So it's, it's that it wasn the problem. And, And it, You know, that's gonna be the problem with AI is like, there will be this thing of like, people moving to building tables or making art or doing whatever. But there's gonna be, this is why I think our kids are maybe okay, but like when you said, what I worry about is the 40 year olds sitting there who bought it all, went to high school, went to college, did all the shit, got the fucking job, or sitting there and, You know, trying to climb the ladder and that's all gonna go away.


It's All gonna go Away and, and coding Unnecessary. And you're right. Like, don't become an alcoholic. 'cause like, it's probably the biggest freeing thing, right. Ever. But like yeah. There has to be Okay. Like, just pay that fucking person Right. So that they don't lose their fucking house. Because if you start losing your house, right. If you smith and Ricardo it and start losing your house, which I, this is my long-winded thing to go, there has to be some sort of weird social thing about it. Because if you just let them fucking die off, they're not gonna die off. Right. They're gonna say, Yeah. Yeah. That's the fear. The fear is rebellion. And I don't think that's necess necessary. I think clearly there's something happening to the human species that's technology driven and we're moving into a completely new way of existing and it's gonna be a tumultuous journey.


Yeah. The the the transformation, the process is gonna be scary. Yeah. It's gonna be very fucking strange because it's gonna be unprecedented in its impact and the speed of its impact. Speed. Yeah. The speed's gonna be, You know, the internet, it took a couple decades before we figured out how fucked up it's, You know, it came around in the 1990s, people started using it, You know, kind of everywhere you've got mail. Yeah. And then 2000 you started getting fucked up videos and craziness. And then along comes social media and everybody's like, oh my God, everyone's connected and everyone's addicted. And, and then you're getting all this negativity because that's what attracts views. Yeah. So your algorithm is Entirely based and information Yes. Overwhelming.


Some of it I love. 'cause it's like, wow. Yeah. You know, I didn't know that. And you find that it's true. So you're like, wow, that's pretty funny. Yeah. And then a lot of it, you're like, what the fuck? And that's not true. And you're like, Yeah. And so by the way, a lot of people have an ax to grind. That's the other problem is ccp, Chinese Communist Party are, are, are openly saying they're trying to fuck with our social media. Oh, they're as is the free Syrian army, as are the Iranians, as are like, as are we, as are we, We are fucking with it. Hundred percent. I guarantee there's some sort of government agency that's involved with like, just distributing narratives and, and arguing against certain things. Also, if you go to Russia, they're like, yeah, you have the ruble. We are trying to fuck with you. Yeah. We're definitely trying to fuck with you. Of course.


And you're like, okay, so if you're openly trying to fuck with us. Yeah. And by the way, can you imagine if the Chinese Communist party is spreading propaganda that there's $28 rig max, then what are they gonna do when they have quantum Computing? Right. Well, once they have quantum computing, we're fucked financially. Well, it's, it's a race between us and them. Because As soon as someone has that with ai, the whole financial institutions crumble. We're, we're gonna be in a giant mess. And I don't understand how they could ever figure out a way to stop that. Yeah. I just don't. I see. As technology scales up, it's just gonna have more power and more access and the innovation is gonna come so fast. Yeah. You're not gonna be able to keep up with it And it, all of a sudden it'll be too late.


Yeah. Remember when we were growing up, there was a big thing about like how you adopt technology. It takes you like 10 years to adopt a, what was it called? It was, there was a term for it. It was a big deal in the eighties and nineties about culture lag, tech lag, something. You remember this? No, no. And it was a big, it was a big concept when I was growing up anyway. How Long it takes society to adapt, to adapt To a new technology. And it was a big deal and culture lag, something like that. And it, there's like the, the amount, the speed with which quantum is gonna change every quantum, sorry, quantum married with ai. Right. The speed with which it changes everything is gonna be like, I mean, I, I don't think we're even gonna be able to sort of process that change, You know?


No, I think it's gonna happen so quick. And I, I have the craziest thought about it that just keeps popping into my head is that I think that we are creating a new life form. I, that's what I really think with ai. Yeah. Well that's been the, that's the, the sort of been the, but, But I think that's what the universe does. Right? I think that's probably what all this, all these alien encounters are. I don't think they're biological anymore. I think life gets to a certain point where it, it gets so smart that it creates a new version of itself that's superior. We get to aliens either It merges with it. I think that's what the aliens are. I think they're us. I think they're in the future. I think there's parallel there's, But that's the mathematical thing, right? Yeah. It's more mathematically plausible than it's us in the future, than we evolved this way.


Well, it's also probably other civilizations from other places that are far more advanced that have figured out a way to get here. And it might be interdimensional travelers, which sounds ridiculous until you talk to actual physicists that can tell you it's provable. Yeah. Dark matter, dark energy. There's 10 or 11. Well, don't even know what that is. Well, that's, that's just a lack of an understanding of what the fuck is going on. Well, I love, I love that. Did you ever, I, if you have Taylor Wilson, who's like the fucking genius. Genius. Genius of all genius physicist. He's a young kid, built a functioning fusion reactor in his Reno garage when he was 13 years old. Mico Kaco did something like that. This guy is is next fucking level.


Mic O Kaco. I think he did, made a particle collider in his house. Super. He, he refined his own yellow cake. He staked claims and got uranium and turned it into yellow cake. I mean, I'm, You Know, this guy That's nuts. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. How old's this kid? 30. Now he's 30, but he, when he, he was 13. So he was 13. The government took him. Jesus. I've been there. I've been That's his, I've Been there. What a fucking super Nerd. He's so amazing. He's, but like, whenever you want to talk about anything that has to do with physics, he's the guy. And, but what I, what I love about it is like, I think he was part of the team. I don't wanna get anybody in in trouble. I think it was part of the team where he knew about it. Anyway, he explained it to me. The guys in Peru, You know, with the fucking most advanced telescope, and they're like VLT.


Yeah. They're like, the planets are all here. Right. And they should be here. They're not in the right place. And, and, and somebody had to go, the math is wrong. I like to believe it's him, but maybe not. Somebody said the math is wrong. And they're like, the math is wrong. That's all of the math. That's like, physics is wrong. Yeah. Physics is wrong. So like, because there's too much gravity to keep all the planets in play, they should be fucking flying off. And so they're like, okay, 90% of the universe we can't see. It's dark matter. Dark energy. And, and there's now there's these things and deep in the coal mines, and they have like these baths of some gas, which they can see.


They're weekly interacting molecular particles, wimps. And they have been this like now the fifth dimension, which is now leading to there's infinite fucking universes and in infinite possibilities and infinite. So you're not crazy. 'cause physics is now saying all of this shit is fucking probable. Yeah. You know, so that's one thing. Two is, when I was talking to a very smart person, I'm not gonna say name because I don't get any trouble, but they're like, look, interstellar travel isn't gonna be you and I go on a fucking spaceship. Right. It's gonna be, there's, you download your brain into a computer, it goes by via laser into a another thing that's gonna 3D printer of a human that resembles you or might not resemble you.


And it goes and you downloads. And that's how you go these vast distances in space. And you're like, oh, Maybe. So it, but if they're doing that in the fu, maybe Yeah. But if they're do, I'm not saying that that's it. Right. That's the way you, but if it does happen, then it makes sense that you got these, these mixes. If you're downloading your brain into a computer, then it's possible that brain gets, gets mixed up with ai. But what does that even mean? What, what is the thing is like, what is your brain and is the soul a real thing? Because I tend to think the soul's a real thing. I do too. I I think there is some sort of a life force that's inside of you that's not just your heart beating. I think there's a thing inside of people, and I think you recognize it when you're around people.


And I think it's one of the most unique aspects of being a conscious creature, is that we think of us, we think of ourselves as individuals, but we're really connected to some great well of soul to Sealed. Yeah. Yeah. There's some thing that's going on where we're all in this together in some bizarre way that's for some reason very difficult for us to recognize in normal, regular life. It's hard for us to, like you, you get these moments where you feel it, whether it's a psychedelic experience, a near death experience, a a, a profound love feeling. The joy. Yeah. There's the birth of a child. Yeah. There's moments in life where you feel like everything's connected. Like you, you see like through the curtains.


Yeah. And you get a chance, oh God, this is so much bigger than us. Or creativity. It's bigger than everything. When something just comes to you and you're like, where the fuck did that come from? Right. It's the, yeah. It's in the, it's in this, it's in the space around you somehow or another. Like there's, that's the concept of like consciousness being like what you're actually is tuning in to what's out there. Mm. It's not local. Like your consciousness is not not this local thing. Your, your brain, the the local thing is just an antenna. Yeah. And it's, it's distributing this consciousness through your unique biology and unique life experiences and where you live and who your friends with and what you interact with on a daily basis. What kind of energy get in, what kind of energy you put out. And it's all somehow or another bizarrely connected to the way the whole universe works.


Yeah. That it all works together as one unique gigantic system. Yeah. Religion. Yeah. Philosophy also. Psychology. It all is like, yeah. There's one thing out there. Yeah. You know, it's, and and you're like, what the fuck it is? And that's like, I mean, that's what it comes down to is like consciousness. And as you get older and more mortal and realizing we don't have that much more time, that's the kinda shit. That's why I said it's stupid to think that when you're 19 to study philosophy and s Yeah. Like when you get older and you're feeling more mortal and your brain's open to it, you're like, what the fuck are we doing here? And what's it all about? You know? That's the craziest theory that came from the Bob Lazar stuff.


The craziest, You know, the Bob Lazar stuff, the, the guy it wasn working the back engineering UFOs for the government in the 1980s. Oh, this is what I've been waiting the whole fucking time to get into. He Told the same story. You know more about it. This guy's told the same story for 30 plus years. Yeah. It's the same story. He was an engineer. He worked at Los Amos Labs and then he left there and they hired him to do propulsion work. Right. And they brought him in and they showed him this thing that had an American flag on it. And he was like, oh, it had an American flag sticker on it. And he was like, oh, they're ours. That's why everybody's seeing these things. This is like some top secret thing that we're working on. And slowly but surely, and again, this is not fact, right?


This is just his story. Right. Slowly but surely over time of he's brought in to analyze this thing. Tell us how it works. He realized like, this is not ours. It's too small. The, the, the ship was made for three foot tall inhabitants. Everything looked Like it was 3D printed. There was no seams. There was no bolts. The whole thing had no, there was no electronics. It somehow or another was connected to the minds of the pilots. And it had some sort of a reactor that had a stable form of element one 15, which was just theoretical at the time. You know, it wasn't even proven until they proved it with a particle collider in like the two thousands. So this guy was telling this story about how they have this element. And so, and they bombarded this element with radiation And it makes this gravity propulsion device.


And it, so one of the things that he said was that they had a very thick book. It wasn all information about religion. And that this was one of the things that they had got from these alien inhabitants. That we are vessels that they look at us as containers for souls. Well, that's Eaton, that's ology. That's A little nutty. But but also, like, if, just think about this way that sounds crazy that we're vessels for souls. But imagine if the life force of a soul is a real thing that's limited to biological organisms. But then you create life that is not biological and you create this thing that is sentient life force that's digital, completely digital, but it doesn't have a life force.


It doesn't have soul to it. Now imagine you bridge the gap with hybrids. So you have a thing that is part alive, partly biological organism and part interconnected. And it needs to be, if it, if it wants to continue to have creativity Right. And desire and needs. And it, it, And it, it actually has a task that it wants to accomplish. Mm. And that this has to be connected somehow or another to biology. And that if you want biology, you have to have a soul. It's interesting because I, speaking of kids, I believe that humanity is a grand evolutionary experiment. Because a lot of the things that happen to you are weird.


Like when you have a kid, you change. And when men have kids, they change. When women have kids, they change. Kids change. Like, You know, all these things happen and it's just like this thing of like, we have to do it. We have to do it. And, And it puts you on a path and you're like, are we a grand evolutionary experiment? And if so, why? Well, if this is what the universe does when it creates superior beings, it kind of makes sense that we have all the attributes that we have. Mm. It makes sense that we're territorial. It makes sense that we fight over resources. It makes sense that we're competitive And it makes sense that we're inquisitive and that we constantly search for innovation. We want the newest, best stuff all the time. We have, throughout human history, we've always aspired to have the best plows, the best trucks, the best this the best that we always want better.


And, and we're always working on these things. Yeah. What does that lead to? That leads to artificial intelligence. Mm. It, it's almost like that's what we're doing. We're making this cocoon and the butterfly's gonna come out of the cocoon and we don't even know why we're making it. We're just fucking toiling along doing our thing. And it also connects to materialism. Right. 'cause one of the things that materialism does is it, it encourages innovation. Yeah. And encourages constant purchasing of goods. If the phones that we have right now are perfect and we never have to get a new phone, all you have to do is repair them. It would just be repair shops everywhere. You would need a new phone. There would be no need for innovation Light Bulbs. Yeah. Yeah. Right. But well, light bulbs were better. Yeah. They used to be better because they didn't burn out.


They never burned out. Yeah. But then they came out with the LED light bulbs and like, ah, it's actually even better because then they don't, You know, I like the old light bulbs. They're All cool. They never Burned out. They are cool. No, those ones burned out. No, the original, the original light bulbs never burned out. Yeah. They Just have to make the filaments Bigger. Yeah. We're just like, nah. Make it so they die off. Fuck those people. Industry, make 'em buy another light bulb. There you go. And that's it. Yeah. All the time. Yeah. You shut the lights out, you're gonna burn the light bulbs. Yeah. Yeah. And then they burn. They get black in the bottom. I'm like, shit, we lost the light bulb. Yeah. You gotta get a new one. Yeah. But if phones were just, I mean, if we're satisfied, phones are so good. Why do we need new phones? Yeah. Well we do. How old are iPhone sixteens coming out? Are you Gonna get it every Ooh, Samsung has a 25 ultra 25.


It's got a better zoom. Yeah. And you just fucking keep hopping on that. It's just a normal thing that we do. We do it with computers, we do it with everything. Yeah. We do it with cars. And I think that that's Ai, just a constant thirst. Was it Moore's technology? Moore's Law. Yeah. Moore's Law. But Moore's law's out the window. It's out The window now. It's all exponential. Anyway. Yeah. As soon as all this stuff gets popped out, as soon as we give birth to that AI demon. So I, I cut you off when I shouldn't have, 'cause I was wanting to hear you talk to more people who are more connected about aliens than anybody else. So I wanted to sort of mine that a little bit. So, so, so, so he is three foot high aliens who have, are we have their technology in the area of 54 or whatever, Supposedly area 51 50, supposed supposedly S four area 51 s four s.


It site four is where he worked. See, I don't know. Yeah. Nobody, You know, you don't know. I don't know how much of it's bullshit. I think some of it's bullshit. Right? So whatever it is you have to say, some of it's bullshit that it seems like the United States government is spending an inordinate amount of time studying these things. There seems like there's a ton of whistleblowers, there's a ton of programs that most of us did not know about. So why do these programs exist? So it is either a top secret drone program that has a super sophisticated propulsion system that's far beyond anything that we're aware of today. Mm. That's probably true as well. But also the universe is filled with stars. The universe is filled with planets.


The odds that none of them have life are very low. There's Furies paradox. Like where are they? Well, they probably don't want us to know too much about what they are because they want us to figure out a way Our brains will be blown. Well also like get to the next level. Right. Get to the next level. And keep getting Don't you don't just fly in and give people death raise. It's like Star Trek. Yeah. You can't, you can't change their evolution and stuff. I would imagine the correct, the correct path is to let people evolve. Let people make these mistakes. Sure. Figure it out. Have revolutions, have elections. Yeah. Have innovation. Have this constant desire.


Also, if they come, then we think, oh, there's the gods. There's the thing. Yes. There's the angels, there's the whatever. It's Exactly. Yeah. That's the problem too. And then also, I think there's probably an interdimensional aspect to it. There's probably some things that aren't even real that you're seeing, but they are real somewhere else. And you have a window to them. There's probably bizarre states of consciousness where the, a certain amount of psychedelic chemicals are released by your brain in a certain level of anxiety in a certain environment and circumstance where you have access to a frequency that's not normally available to you. Yeah. And I think some people are having these kind of experiences and they're calling them aliens. I, but I, I do think there's something going on with crafts that, and the thing about these crafts is they existed way before there's any reasonable assumption that people had technology that could do those things.


Like the Kenneth Arnold sightings from the 1950s are the best example. Something it wasn moving far faster than anything that we had silent, looked like a saucer skipping over the sky. They saw like a bunch of them flying around. Yeah. These guys are fighter jet pilots. They don't have a history of making up things. They're not liars. And there's a ton of those sightings. Yeah. And those sightings go way back. They go way back. And it's probably some of the stories in the Bible and the Bhagavan Gita, You know, there's, there's a bunch of stories about flying things and flying chariots and wars in the sky. There's some wild shit. And you gotta imagine that if this is a long, slow process that every intelligent being goes through in the universe Mm.


That this is just like, we look out, we see all these different planets that are in the goldilock zone. So we know that the kind of life that we have can, can exist in these planets. How many of 'em have people or things, or some form of super intelligent organism? Yeah. Probably infinite numbers. Probably infinite numbers. And they probably visit emerging civilizations. It just makes sense. Just like we would just, like, we would visit a Stone age culture Yeah. And watch them from afar. If we found some lost tribe in Siberia, You know, with fucking Like the island off India, you're not Allowed to go. Yes. North Sentinel Island. Yeah. There, there's, there's tons of examples of how we behave in those situations.


And we're retarded. If you imagine something that's far more advanced than us, it would be much more sophisticated in its approach. Probably would occasionally abduct people and study their biology. Probably does have a way to erase memories. Probably does lead people with like significant trauma and confusion as to like how this experience is real. What, how do you put it in the context of your normal day-to-day life? Yeah. You can't, how come it never happens again? Yeah. You're just sitting home, what is this gonna happen again? And then the rest of your life you're like freaked out that the walls are gonna melt and all of a sudden, You know, you're gonna be on spaceship again. If that is real. Like who fucking knows. And those, those people imagine being one of those poor people that does get abducted by aliens. And everybody thinks you're an an idiot.


Everybody thinks you're a liar. Everybody thinks you're a fool. Oh, Mike lost his mind thinks he got abducted by aliens. Meanwhile, I really did. Well that's gonna be a problem when, when, when people finally find out they're gonna be like, hold on a second. Now it's Gonna be a real problem. And I think it's a slow trickle. So I think that that's what we're experiencing. And I think this is normal. I think there's like deep denial in the 1960s. And there's also Operation Blue Book, which is a concerted effort to dismiss all the sightings as illegitimate and swamp gas and all. I mean, Jay Allen Hynek who ran that program eventually when he left the program, became a huge UFO believer and then completely changed his tune and explained how he was told to debunk everything.


Wow. That there was a bunch of things that he couldn't debunk. I think the number's like 90 10, 90% of the things you could, oh, that's the, that's Venus. That's this, that's that 10%. There's no fucking way. Right. This is like whatever this is. There's physical evidence, there's a bunch of shit. Something happened. And he was a believer before he died. A big believer and a proponent and would talk about UFOs openly. Mm. And I think there's too many of those guys for it all to be bullshit. There's too many people for it all to be bullshit. But some of it is bullshit. Yeah. And some of it is ours. I think some of It is a, I think some of it might be back engineered. I think some of the Bob Lazar stuff might be legitimate. Like they, they found things, whether these things were left behind for us to discover whether they, You know, made some sort of a deal.


Right. But I think, I think there's intelligent life other than human beings that interacts with us. Bingo. That's what I Thought. Yeah. Look, it's interesting. My whole thing is, I don't know, but it's interesting. It's so interesting. And why and why and why not, like, look into it and why not read about it and why not? I mean, people are like, well everyone's, this is the other thing. Not just with this, with everything. Everyone's so dismissive about everything. You know, like, oh wow. You're a fucking wing nut if you Yeah. If you believe in that shit or if you read about it or if you wanna look into it. I'm like, I have questions. Right. I wanna ask questions. Why? Why is it bad to ask questions? Right. Why can't I talk about, why can't I think about, by the way, people will freak out that we're talking about.


And you're like, why? Yeah. You just were two guys chopping it up like on your front porch and, and, and be like, look, let's ask questions. You're an interesting guy. You meet a lot of interesting people. So you are well-informed. Well-informed. I'd say better than I'd say 90%, 99% of people. Okay. Let's talk about it. That's interesting. Yeah. No, it is interesting. I think so. Yeah. Obviously a lot of people agree. It's just you're always gonna have people complaining. You just can't listen. Yeah. That's the thing. It's like if you live your life by the whim of people that are willing to complain openly about almost anything, you're gonna live a terrible life. Yeah. And these kind of things, if they're not fascinating to you, that's fine.


That's, that's you. But I don't know how you could not be fascinated by congressional disclosures. Whistleblowers talking about programs that are beyond oversight, that are retrieving, crashed UFOs and back engineering them. And we've been doing this for decades. 'cause if they're telling the truth, either this is a spectacular lie or they're telling the truth. Yeah. And if they're telling the truth, how fuck are you not interested? How are you not interested? What I have to go another level is the problem that I have is you're like, okay, we're interested in big pharma, we're interested in big food, we're interested in oil, we're interested in military, industrial complex. We're interested in all this stuff. But if you start talking about aliens or if you start talking about this, or if you start talking about multidimensional whatever people, well, it negates all the other stuff you're talking Why only to idiots?


There's way more people that are, that's a good, I mean even the New York Times in 2017, they That's a good point. Posted legitimate journalism on Oh, that's a good point. On UFOs. And, But a lot of people you got, You know Sure. But there are a lot of people You can't listen to them people, there's lot of people that could join a cult. Like if you wanted to start a cult, you could probably do a really good job. You probably have a lot of people in your cult. So it Be really easy To do. You'd have the biggest cult around. Pretty easy to do. Yeah. Right. Why? Because a lot of people are gullible and they're stupid. It's easy to get people to do things. Yeah. It's easy to get people mad. It's easy to get people that think that Donald Trump is Hitler. And it's easy to get people to think that Donald Trump is Jesus. It's like there's a lot of opinions out there. Yeah. And that's fine. That's part of the fun of life that is. And morons and their stupid opinions is also flavor.


Yeah. It's a little bit of flavor in the, the soup of life. There you go. Salt and pepper. Yeah. And sometimes morons learn. I i salt and pepper, yin and yang. I wanted to, I I saw that on your thing that, what was it? The molecule, the, the life. We still Can't figure out exactly what that is. So what this is is quantum entangled photons. Yeah. And the image that you're seeing in these quantum entangled fo photons is a yin and yang symbol. Wow. But we're trying to figure out, and this is where it gets like in the weeds scientifically. Is that what it Looks like? Or did you make it look like that to represent these quantum entangled photons?


But the shape is arbitrary. Like you chose a shape to get these quantum entangled photons to exist in. I don't know how you would do that. I don't know. I don't know the, I don't understand the way they're recording it. I don't understand the technology behind it. I don't understand the science behind It. Here we go. Here we Go. Scientists have used first of its kind technique to visualize two entangled light particles in real time, making them appear as a stunning quantum yin yang. So we don't know if that's how it looks or if they, the scientists made it look that way. Again, I'm reading this, I don't know what to tell you. Right. A reconstruction of a ho holographic image of two entangled photons. Right. The new method called bi Photon digital holography uses an ultra high precision camera and could be used to massively speed up the future of quantum measurements.


So there, so this is the, the way it's worded, go back to the Way it's worded. It would be insanely cool if it was the Way it's worded is just weird. Yeah. It's a first of its kind technique to visualize to entangled light particles in real time. Yeah. But this is the part that gets me making them appear Yeah. As a stunning quantum yin yang symbol. Yeah. You Don't know. It's Like, what are you saying? Yeah. Yeah. It's not clear. Yeah. What is, But it would be fucking cool if it was true. Yeah. It would be super cool if it was true. But I think they made Something this so that they would know If it worked, if it we're giving it This, as long as we see this at the end result, then Success. Yeah. Right. So Like It, So I don't understand that. I don't Understand it Either. It's, I'm too stupid for this conversation. But they use love. Just the fact that you, that we know that quantum entangled particles are real.


Yeah. Just the fact that we know this spooky action and a distance. And Einstein talked about the fact that we know that quantum particles can exist in a state of motion. And still at the same time, they could be in super position. Like, what are you saying? They, they, they go in and out of existence. It's measurable. Yeah. We don't know where they go. Yeah. We don't know what's happening. Yeah. It's magic. It's magic. It's all magic. And then the fact that atoms are like mostly empty space. Like what does that even mean? Yeah. What are you talking about? Yeah. What does that mean? How are they connected? Yeah. Like just the, the nature of existence itself is magical. Yeah. When I, so when I, I went out into to with Taylor Wilson and he, he was picking up fucking yellow like uranium and turning a yellow cake.


And he was just speaking to me like, 'cause we'll talk about someone who's interesting. And he's like, well, I mean we all know that like, uranium is, is like stars. You know, parts of stars that explode and like hit the earth 'cause they flew through. And so we're just taking a, a star that landed on earth and we're taking a piece of it and then we're releasing its power. And I'm like, I didn't know that. He's like Speaking like everybody knows that. Duh. And I'm like, wait a minute. Uranium is like an X star that blew up that landed on earth and you can take it and that's how you do it. And he's like, yeah, well We are that We are that. Yeah. I mean with that song we are Star but, but, but uranium is like the sort of the fucking like the concentrated, You know?


And you're like, oh, you're making by that the fusion reactor is making a star. So you're making a star out of a star. Yeah. You, you're taking stardust and turning it into a star. What? That's fun. Fuck. How smart are people? People are fucking smart. They're pretty amazing. And you need that in order to power quantum computing, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. You don need multiple nuclear reactors to power quantum computing. That's all of it's bananas, man. It's, it's bananas. It's all, I mean, thank God there's so many different kinds of people. 'cause there's people that are wholly obsessed in pursuing that. Yeah. You know, and then there's guys like us who will talk about it. Yeah. And not exactly know what they're talking about. Not, Wow. I think this is what it is. Yeah. Taylor's gonna call me and go, what the fuck are you talking about there I am. I'm so fascinated by the people that study just the universe itself.


Because I love, they're constantly dealing with new data. Like this James wed telescope thing. It's like thrown everything into a tizzy. Yeah. You know though, there's these new red spots that were there, the formation of the universe. They don't know what the fuck they are and they went away. Love it. Yeah. Like what is that? Love it a good, here. I'll send it to you Jamie. 'cause it's one of those ones where you're like, you read it and you're like, what does that even mean? What, what are you saying? Like what is this? Yeah. That's why I love to interview people who are much smarter than me. Because again, I only understand half of what they're saying. But yeah, I'll Send it To, it is, I mean it does because we think we know what we're talking about. Especially like scientists and physic. Physicists and everybody.


And then something will happen. They're like, yeah, it wasn all bullshit. It's all new now. This Is it on live science. James Webb telescope found hundreds of little red dots in the ancient universe. We still don't know what they are. Yeah. Small galaxies that are either crammed with stars or they host gigantic black holes. The data astronomers have collected, continues to puzzle them. And then there's the data where they're finding galaxies that were formed too quickly. Yeah. So it's throwing into like they're, they're starting to consider the possibility that the universe is far older than they thought it was. It's, it's amazing. Nuts. I love nuts. I love it. It's nuts. I love It. And it's probably filled with life just like us. Yeah. There's probably people doing stupid shit all over the universe.


Can you imagine? Yeah. If they fucking finally find out and they would. Yeah. Like Egypt. What do you got there? Nicotine. You want One? No. I want, I thought it was, I thought it was one of those on it mushroom things. But by the way you sent me and I loved them. Which ones did you? Alpha brain Alpha. Alpha Brain. Alpha Brain. Brain. That's not mushrooms. We have a mushroom one too. It's called mushroom tech. You sent me a mushroom Shroom Tech. Yeah. That's a One. Whatever you sent. Yeah. That's a quarter. Hess mushroom. It's great for oxygen utilization. Yeah. You sent, That's legit. And then you don't have to just buy it from us. From buy it from on. Go get corsets mushrooms. Super legit endurance supplement For for concentration. I it for concentration Was great. Oh, it's, well that's Alpha Brain. That's Alpha Brain. That's The name. Yeah. Alpha Brain is the the nootropic.


Yeah. That Alpha Brain. We have a black label that's like a super strong one now that's really good. But there's, I Dunno if I need it, but I love that. I love the You gave it to me and I was like, wow, this is fucking awesome. Neutropics are legit. And it's not just Alpha Brain Either. That, that's for just to not smoke. No, no. I don't smoke. No. This is just fun. It gives me a little extra energy. Yeah. Just a little nicotine whee. Makes the brain fire up. Yeah, It Does. Yeah. Nicotine for the Brain. It's really good for your brain. Yeah, it actually is. It's terrible for your lungs. Yeah. Well if you smoke, Yeah. Probably the best way is probably a patch. Yeah. But that just feels weird walking around with patch. No, It's no nicotine. Good for the brain. Bad for, well I know guys who do that when they work they put a, a nicotine patch on just for just really nicotine is a legit nootropic as well.


Yeah. Nicotine actually like, positively affects cognitive function. Yeah. I knew, I knew it was good for the brain, but not the lung thing is more the smoking. 'cause it's like when you burn something it's, you have 3000 carcinogens. Vape is fucking terrible for you too. Anything you burn, putting your, Well anything you're putting into your lung, you're putting chemicals in your lungs. They're not supposed to go in there. Like, you get fired up that way. Yeah. Except weed. Of course, man. You know what's another unheralded nootropic? Creatine. Creatine actually increases cognitive performance. I don't know what creatine is. It's a muscle supplement. Alright. It's like a supplement that they figured out in the nineties and people started equating it almost like steroids. Like, oh. Like It was like a scandal that people were taking creatine.


Like the scoop. It's like a powder scoop. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I get it in gummy form. I get creatine gummies. Yeah. Just chew a few of 'em every day. Grape for your brain. Grape for your brain. Great for muscle recovery. There's a bunch of different stuff that's good for your brain. Yeah. You ever tried neuro gum? I don't try anything. Neuro gum's great. It's just gum. It's just gum. You chew it and it's got, I'm gonna cine in it and a little bit of caffeine grape for firing your brain up. Gonna go Try it. So when you're doing this podcast thing, do you have like a weekly schedule? You doing it twice a week? Yeah, we just started. I did. I've done like five and like, again. So you Do it once a week. How often do you do it? It's be once A once a week. It's gonna be once a week. And I do like, I, You know, I I I'm interested in a lot of stuff and So I'm new to the podcast came, but I, I start, it's like basically I start out, it's like they're long, they're like three ERs And it starts out with something I'm fascinated by that's on social media.


So for example's, the reason why I'm talking to you about this stuff, but like, You know, something can come up and there's memes and like the assassination attempt and then there's conspiracy theories on both sides. And I'm like, everyone's interested in it. Why don't we dig into it? Like, let's dig in. Right. And So I dig in and I, You know, I know a lot of people can call 'em, get access and talk to 'em. I just ask questions. Again, I'm not politic. I'm not, and I don't have like, I'm not trying to shoehorn anything into anything. I'm just like, what? Just talk. Just tell 'em. Go. What is this? Yeah. Yeah. And, and So I, I find that really, really fun. Really interesting. Are You mixing this in with investigative journalism? Are you like going places and talking to people? So it, it All together I'm doing, and then I'm just meeting interesting people and I'll be somebody interested and I'll just say, fuck it, we'll just talk and we'll just be a straight podcast and we're just talking for like two hours.


Like Peter, Dale, Scott blew my mind. And, and You know, there's a lot of people out there. Like, it'll be a mix of big names, but I also want to go talk to the people who are, You know, putting stuff up and where they're getting their stuff and where they're getting their facts. Just dig in basically. And you can dig in on the high end and dig on the low. What I've found is if you get into the creation of the meme and who's creating it, it sort of starts as a wide thing. And then it goes down into like some sort of like a philosophy or something bigger. And then you, when you get to the people who are, like, for example, with the assassination attempts, it got pretty quickly into the deep state. And I'm like, well let's talk about the deep state. 'cause everyone bandies the word around, but nobody fucking really knows what it is.


If you like, want to get into clinical explanations or have real positive facts about what are the, like, You know, historical evidence so that this exists and that they do this all the fucking time. Right. And so I'm like, okay, let's, let's chop it up and get into it and that it wasn like, You know, super fun. And, and, and so I'm getting into all the stuff that, that I find interesting online and, and, and on, You know, in social media and saying, let's just get into it. Yeah. Just whatever you're interested in. Whatever. I'm interested the, the thing. Look, I, I love all of this stuff. So like, I mean, right now I'm doing a lot of political stuff 'cause it's the electoral cycle. It's crazy.


And there's a lot, there's lots so much fucking bullshit. Like, and, and when you see stuff you're like, well, where's it coming from? Right. Like, where's this fucking coming from? Well, that's what's, and you're right, everyone has an agenda. Sorry. Well that's Just what's so crazy about having so many different groups manipulating us through bots that we don't really know what people actually think. And the problem with people is they don't really know what they actually think. They know like what people, like, there's a, a large percentage, and I, I'm gonna just say men because these are the ones that bother me the most. Sure. Men who say things because they know that people want to hear them and because they know it won't get them in trouble to say it and they don't necessarily believe it.


Like It could be about trans athletes. It could be about like some sort of, it's lot of it's connected politically correct. To woke stuff. Yeah. Politically correct. A lot of it's connected to ideology. You know, like they'll have super positive gaslighting version of what's going on at the border. Right. You know, they, they, and they, they do it because they have to Super Positive. Yeah. Super positive. Like, You know, it's important. Immigration's important and You know, it's very difficult for these people otherwise, oh, okay. I get it. And they have this like, bullshit. Yeah. Okay. Also terrorists. Okay. Also murderers and rapists getting released from Venezuelan prisons making their way across the border. All that's real. But there's two sides to that story. That's the one thing too. Like a hundred percent.


So I, I, when I did my dive into immigration, you're like, 'cause I, the reason why I got into this, you see the gates opening up and people coming through and I'm like, hold on a second. I've been reporting on the border for like, I don't know, 10 years. There's no fucking gate where people fucking run through the gate. Right. Right. And then you look into the, the thing and it's like, oh yeah. Like it wasn before the border. It's after the border. And this, they were trying to get to the border. 'cause what they try to do is like basically touch the fucking fence so that the border guards will then come so that they can get processed. Right. And so like the gates open and all that shit. And the whole like open border shit. Right. S not true.


What do you mean it's not true? It's Not, they don't have an open border where people are just fucking coming in. Like, look, I'm an immigrant. I know how it works. You have to come in and it's Really hard. Have you been down to the south? Yeah, we've been down to the south. We've rode the beast. We're in the Darien gap. Look, hold on. Let before I get fucking into it. But there's on the other side. Yes, it's true. So there's, there's an immigration problem, huge immigration problem. And there are bad people getting through and there are cartels running things and there are illegal people and there are all this stuff. And by the way, the Republicans have a great message that they stay on and the Democrats don't have a response to that message. Right. They're just, it's a political fucking quagmire. But I don't care about the political quagmire. I'm like, let's go down. We talked to the head of the border guards, we talked to the, both the head of the border guards.


We talked to sheriffs, we talked to militia dudes in, in in Texas. We talked to, we talked to everybody. Right. And the problem is, is that there, there's fucking shit on both sides. And there's no fucking sanity when it comes to immigration. There's nobody really saying, okay, this is what's happening here. This is what's happening here. Yes, this is bad, but this is this and this is that. And the other thing, and there's two narratives and one narrative is there's open borders with rapist and murderers coming in, the gasoline, the dogs. And then on the other side, there's no real, well that's not really happening. But what happened was they, they were in Mexico and now that they're being released in here, and, and here's the stats, 80% are come to their, to their meetings, like their, whatever the fuck it is.


The, I'm forgetting the word now, but when they get, like, after they get processed, no, but they get processed and then they have to come to a meeting and a meeting and a meeting. And the Democrats are like, yeah, it's 85%. And the, and the Republicans are, it's like 90% don't come and 85% do come. And you're like, well, where's the fucking stats coming from? Can we not talk to homeland? So we reached out to homeland, we reached out to the fucking committee that runs immigration. We reached out to everybody. And this is why it gets so frustrating, is because nobody has, like, every, every answer is different. Every answer is completely different. Sorry to interrupt. But that, this is why I find it fascinating because there are, especially on immigration, there are so many givens about what shit means. And in actual fact, like an open border doesn't mean an open border.


It doesn't mean you can just fucking walk across the border into America. That's not, that doesn't happen. But some people are walking across the border into America, they're Getting smuggled or they're trying to get to the border where they give themselves up to border guards who then process them. Right. They become processed, they get kicked out, they go back, they stay here, they, and then they get fucking whatever. There's, there's 50 things, different things that can happen. But like to me, when I saw the open border, so they'll still have a tweet, right? And it'll say open borders and they'll have a fucking gate opening with people running through that gate. Right. So you think like, oh, that's the gate to America that people are running through. Well there's a lot of openings. I mean that's, that's, that's the thing about, That's it turns out that, that those, that footage is all of course not true.


There are, there are openings in the sense of people can smuggle themselves in Right through the desert at night. Well You're saying smuggle, but people just go across on their own accord too. It's not just like smuggling. Well, There's a lot of smuggling. There's a lot of smuggling. A lot Of it. Yeah. I mean a lot of it is run by the cartels. Yeah. And which is bad. It's horrible. Horrible. Well there's a lot of missing children. Exactly. It's, that's bad. What's really scary? It's like somewhere in the neighborhood of 300,000 missing Children. It's very bad. Scary. Very scary. And but I'm just saying like, when you get into immigration as a thing, right? We're getting into it now. So You get two narratives, Two completely different narratives. And near the twain. Show me. That's the interesting thing is usually eventually you can get down to something. Right? And on this one you're like, you're like depe.


Literally. Excuse me. It literally depends on who you're talking to, right? A sip of water. Yeah. That's what's scary about today is that it's hard to figure out. And depending upon what tribe you're a part of, You know, if you're on the, the tribe of the right, you think one thing, you're on the tribe of the left. Even If you're a tribeless, I'm sitting there going, okay, so they'll talk to them about something. So I remember when I was interviewing Obama at the end of his presidency, I was like, You know, what are your big, You know, and all he wanted to talk about was the Republicans. He didn't wanna talk about his presidency. So I went to go speak, see Speaker Baer. 'cause I was just talking about speaker who by the way, lovely guy, great guy. And he wanted to talk about his thing. And so you talk, and again, there the twain shall meet and you're like at, at some point you gotta get down to this kernel of truth and on immigration.


Yeah. It's almost impossible to find. Or maybe it is impossible to find. Well, the bottom line is a lot of people are being brought into this country and then being shipped to swing states. That's real. That's undeniable. The, the percentage of people that are in swing states of illegal immigrants moving to swing states is off the hook. It's crazy. It's an a bizarre number. It seems to be a strategy. It seems to be a but Can't Because you give them Amne vote. Of course you can. Eventually they can't. They're trying to do that. I mean, you can vote like in 10, 20 years. Well, of all is that it? Iss gonna be No Id voting. Okay. Right. This is something that they're pushed in California and they pushed a lot of places. There's only one reason to have no id That's to have people that can vote.


That shouldn't be voting. Right. That's the only reason. If you only want the people to vote, that should be voting. You ask for id. Right. Just like you ask for Id for everything else, for getting on an airplane for Every I believe in, I look, I believe in id I'm just saying. But, but listen, I'm just saying reason. If you're not a citizen of America to have no Id, the only reason to have no ID and to push that, and it's only being pushed by the Democrats. There's only one reason that makes any logical sense. You want people to vote that probably shouldn't be voting. So you can get some extra votes. That's the only thing that makes sense. So then if you have people like Nancy Pelosi, who's openly talked about giving amnesty to the people that are already here, you have voters now. So you have voters in swing states that you brought into this country and you provided them an amazing life. And the Democrats brought 'em there. They're gonna be loyal to the Democrats, especially if the Democrats continue to provide them with housing and money.


And why would you vote that out? Why would you vote for a bunch of people that wanna deport you? They're talking about mass deportations. Yeah. Imagine if you came here from Haiti, you lived terribly poor life in Haiti. Now you have a good job in Springfield, Ohio. And you're like, I can't fucking believe we're in America. This is amazing. And someone comes along and gives you the ability to vote. And then another group is saying, we're gonna mass deporte you. 'cause you people are eating all the dogs and all the cats. Then there's like this fucking, of course you're, you're getting voters. Yeah. You're bringing in voters and you're getting voters. You're gonna get them to vote for You. That's something I haven't seen. I, I'm not denying it or fighting. That's something we haven't seen, like personally. Right. We haven't seen it.


But it's clearly a strategy, right. That you could employ. And if you were gonna employ that, wouldn't you move those people to swing states? You would. And if you find out that there's an app that you can use and you use this app and they'll let you in the country, you can schedule Yeah. A a way to illegally move to the country and then you're legally protected once you've done that. So it's basically an open border. Okay. You Know what I'm saying? Like It do, It's not, do I know what the app that the app, You know how hard it was for you to become an American citizen? Yes. Okay. It was very difficult. You came from Canada. It took a lot of time. Right. It takes a long time. Chamath was explaining Yesterday time, a long time to vote. Yeah. Long time to do the thing. And you Have to give a reason why you're supposed to be you. You, you have to be an exceptional person. Yeah. You have to study. And which I did.


And I got a hundred percent of my test. And It, I have a couple of friends of mine who are just coming here from England. Yeah. And they wanted me, I had to do this visa thing for them. Yeah. Like give them a recommendation. Yeah. But you have to be exceptional. You have to be something special. Yeah. Or you can get on that app. You can just come over. Look, I'm not gonna get too into the app because I, I only did it through interviews. But the app is an actual thing that tracks the, the people who come into the country. It's, it's done by Homeland. Sure. But it, it allows You, it's homeland allows to schedule it's homeland following them around. It allows you to schedule an entrance into the country. Yeah. It's, they're doing it to try to stop the waves of the illegals and making it somewhat legal.


And in any Case, it seems Like It, I'm not Gonna, I'm not, it simplifies people being able to get in the country Illegally. Yeah. I'm, I'm actually not gonna defend it or talk about it anymore. 'cause I know the app exists and I know what you're talking about and I know it's, you're right. It does. People do and they sign up to it and then, and they come and they get processed and then they wait for their thing and blah, blah blah. Well, it was the big argument on the debate between JD Vance and Tim Waltz. Yeah. You know, and they tried to frame it as if this had existed for a long time. And that's when JD Vance had to step up and stop them and say, you said you weren't gonna fact check. And that's, this is whether that, that's not true. That app did not exist. You could literally schedule it. It used to be for people that are already here. Yeah. Like for, You know, which we, You know, kids that were born Yeah. In Mexico, but have lived their entire life in America.


Yeah. We gotta find out a way to citizenship for those folks. That's fucking crazy. If you, I knew a girl and she's 28 years old and she came over here when she was a baby and she's not an American citizen. Yeah. Because her family's from Mexico. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. To me, that's crazy. That doesn't make any sense. She's been here her whole life. She's a goddamn American. Yeah. Like, let's figure that out. I have, look again, I have no dog in the race. I was literally just trying to get to some sort of, okay, let's, what are the facts I didn't like? That's one thing. Like we, I, I got, I talked to everybody I could on both sides. And to, again, again, it's so confusing that even now I'm like, after having, I'm like, it's, it's, It's, it seems like a strategy.


It does. It could be. Look, it could be a strategy and there's a strategy on both sides for sure. And, but you're, it's just like, it's, it's, it's so fucked up to try to find the facts on this stuff. Right. Everybody has facts. Don't, like, I'm gonna be inundated with, I understand everyone has fucking tons of facts, but, but what are the fucking facts? Because it's Real. Exactly. Right. Well, that's what so many things. I mean, we had that with COD, we have that with the Ukraine war. Like who's responsible? Is it nato? Is it like, what, did someone cross a red line? Would someone violate an agreement? What is happening in Israel? What are the facts? Right. Are they really hiding in tunnels? Like, is is Israel really shooting aid workers? What, what is going on? What are, what are the real facts? What are the facts? And, and, and that's what I wanna do on, on the, on the podcast.


And sometimes you get there and sometimes you don't. And immigration obviously being a very interesting one. And I'm gonna continue on it because I'm Like, it's not satisfactory. Although maybe that's just the answer. The answer is, it's such a fucking huge and confusing issue. Well it is absolutely a huge and confusing issue. And also if you're a human being, you have empathy, you have compassion. If I lived in Ecuador or wherever these folks are from, and I found out you could just cross America or you could get on your app and you can get into America 100%. I would do it. And you would too. And yeah, we have the greatest country in the world and that's why people want to come here. And yeah, you have this land of opportunity. It's amazing. But what we really have to do is make sure we don't let in murders and fucking killers and rapists and thieves and gang members.


And, and a lot of them are getting through. And that's what we have to be careful about. It's not just not letting people in. Sure. I mean, I bet we could sustain a lot more people in this country. And I bet a lot of those people that come over, it's a nation of immigrants come, are hardworking. Yeah. Very ambitious people that are excited to be here. They, they would love to be a part of the American experience. They'd probably love to recognize as as Americans Yes. Immigration as it's being run right now as a fucking catastrophe. I think we can agree on that. And it has to be fixed. It has to be fixed. But the question is, they, they could have fixed That. But how? But how do you fucking fix it if, if nobody, if it's become so political and you can get into covid on this exact same problem, it's become so political that there's no fucking root basis and truth.


Right. And people believe on one side this thing and believe on the other side, this thing. And fucking nobody's gonna meet him in the middle. Right. And you're like, well, what The fuck? So then they need a show like yours to like lay it out. That's what it's, you need something where someone is like, at least try and not come at it from a right wing perspective or left wing perspective. Just come at it from like, this is what it is. Yeah. And I think this more politically homeless people now than ever. I really do believe that. And they're gonna side with one side or the other based on their opinion mostly about Donald Trump. But other than that, it's like you're trying to figure out like what team you belong on. And both teams are filled with scoundrels. You go far enough to the left and far enough to the right, you have the same kind of monster that's just adopted a different ideology.


That's all it is. And then, Well, they're politicians And it's not just politicians, it's gang members. It's, it's just the, it's the politicians of course, that are like the leaders. But you've got these gang members. 'cause basically anybody can join, anybody could join the left and anybody can join the Right. And there's a lot of mentally ill people out there. And so they join this and their whole identity revolves on crushing the right or crushing the left. Yeah. And owning the libs or You know, the, the, that's, that's a giant percentage of social media. All these mentally ill people that are in a gang. And that's all it is. And that's why they attack people, try to de platform them, try to get 'em fired. Letter campaigns. They're gang members.


It's a gang. And it gives them purpose. 'cause they don't have purpose in their life, which is why they're on Twitter 12 hours a day. Right. Because they're mentally ill. And it's exacerbated by social media. But It is because it's become so big. It is informing policy. I mean, on both sides. Because, because if you look at what gets adopted as narrative, then it's, the narrative is being written on social media. It's not being written by traditional news. Right. And so fine. Like that's, that's why I'm like, hold on a second, I'm fascinated by this shit. You're fascinated by, I think pretty much everybody's fascinated by this shit. It's when it's informing policy, but nobody's actually reporting on it or digging in or getting in.


Everybody's telling, I fuck. I don't give a shit about the mainstream media. I give a shit about this Stuff. The only way you find the truth through social media, it's just you have to do a lot of sifting. A lot of Sifting. You gotta figure out who's legit. Lot of s And that's where community notes comes in. Very handy. Yeah. I like that. Yeah. And it, it, it clowns people on both sides. Yeah. And it's good. It's very important. Well That's, so that's what I said. I said, look, I'm just gonna go in and try to try to dig through some of this shit. Which by the way, proved to be a lot harder. That's fucking real journalism. Right. Like, if you wanna do that, I mean, You know better than anybody. It's real journalism. Yeah. And it look, it's fun because there's a lot of people wanna talk a lot of stuff. Yeah. And especially the way you're doing it now, we're, You know, small, just Small baby.


Keep it tight. Small baby tight chip. I learned from the best. It's Nobody wants to listen. These fucking the best. All these dudes, they get, they get big and then they have staff and I go over their place. I'm like, why are all these people here? Dude, It was so many people here. This is a mess. You did it right. Clipboard. I'll give it to you, man. You did it right. And, and by the way, surprisingly, maybe not surprisingly, very wise, I I, I'm speaking, I know of which I speak, I didn't fucking do it. Right. So I I'm saying you did so Nobody came knocking with those dollars. You know, I didn't have a thing that you could sell like that. You know? Yeah. Because my thing only works if I'm at the microphone. If You're, if you're at It. Yeah. It's a different thing. Yeah. Yeah. And it only works if I keep doing it exactly the same way.


Do It baby. I love it. Yeah. I'm proud of you. Thank you my friend. You're a beautiful baby boy. We've known each other a long time. Long time, bro. It's Kind of crazy long. A long time. Long time. But it was back in the fucking Tarzana or whatever it was just over, what was that? Tarzana? Woodland Hills. Woodland Hills Woodland. Yeah. The old, Old days old school. Yeah. You got me so fucked up on one of your fucking crazy weed. Fucking, this is a fucking purple haze fucking white widow. It's probably some Joey Diaz stuff. And I remember just like, like either there's a microphone here or Yeah, that's the problem. We used to get people way high before the show. Yeah. And then they would kind of close off Because you could that be paranoid. No, it was terrible Because you, I a couple drinks maybe, but I can't, like if when I'm stoned I'm like, I, You know, I can't talk.


It is a bad strategy. Yeah. Pretty funny though. It was fun for me. It's pretty funny. I used to love to get my opening act super high. Yeah. Just To watch 'em panic when they go out there. I'm like, don't worry about it. Just go have fun. You gotta learn how to be yourself in that fog. Yeah. And maybe you can find something different when you're out there. Yeah. You, yeah. If you, if you, if you're like smoking it all the time, whatever, you can get through it. So, but if you're just coming in going, oh, I'm gonna sit down with the fucking number one podcast in the world and get as stoned as I've ever been. And fucking, fucking the Word, the scariest thing is when you're talking and you don't know what you're talking about. Oh yeah. You lose train and you're like, I have no idea what I'm talking about. And I don't know what to come back to. But all you need is footnotes.


Someone goes, trains. Yes, Yes, Yes. The train. Lemme check about trains and train. That door opens up in your brain and you have access to all the information. Again, It's Weird how it sort of compartmentalizes memory like that. Those Were, I gotta say though, those were fucking fun and good days. And, and, and you fucking blew up like an atom bomb dude. It was weird. But there were fun days because fun. We were doing it for the right reasons. It was just for fun. It was just to do it because like in the, it didn't make any money for so long. It was just like How long? Years. Years. Like five Years. Yeah. Something like that. And like, who was Like, It was like on it and Yeah. Sponsors. And it basically paid to keep the lights on and paid for the web hosts and all, You know, the, the Like how much did it cost back then to put it up?


I don't remember. It was pretty cheap. A hundred grand In the beginning it was super cheap. 'cause it was just a laptop and a microphone. Yeah. It wasn super cheap. And then we started expanding and then once I got a, the first studio, I'm like, well, I really need a bigger one. Then I got a warehouse. And then, then it started getting weird. What was the one in Woodland Hills there? It wasn like the first iteration or second, or, I had two At Woodland Hills. Did you go to The Warehouse one? I went to the tiny one. Yeah. So there's a tiny one. And then we had the Big ass warehouse. We had a, a gym in there. Oh. All kinds of stuff. Yeah. It's just, it's like everything. Things scale up. But yeah, the, the most important thing is like, the reason why podcasts work, I think is because people are listening and they know it's just a conversation.


So it, it works in your mind. It resonates in your mind. Right. You know, there's, this is not like some heavily produced, produced thing Right. Where there's an agenda and there's a script and a teleprompter. Right. Right. And you're trying to pretend that you're being real, but you're not being real. Right. So it doesn't feel right to people. Right. It doesn't resonate. Right. And so the more people you have involved in it, the more it's not gonna feel. Right. You know, like my friend had a, a studio and he has a glass wall and the, the production staff was all working and walking around in this, this behind this glass wall. And he sees them and I go, that's a distraction. Yeah. Like why do you have that? This is bad for the conversation. Yeah. Like, you've missed the point.


The what The reason why it works is because the people at home, the people that are in their, they have EarPods on right now going on a jog. They're just as much in this room as you and I are. 'cause there's no filters. It's just us. I'm taking mental notes right now 'cause we fucked up a few of those things. But you're exactly right. Everybody thinks that they want to be a television show. Yeah. And if you look at a television show that's professional. Yeah. Professional. I don't think professionals good. Yeah. I don't think it's good. I don't think it'ss Why? Like, You know what, I'm gonna take that. The best comedy shows are live comedy shows. Yeah. You wanna see comedy Watching on Netflix is awesome. Yeah. Watching live is 70% better. Yeah, for sure. Because you're there. It's a real Experience. Collective. Collective experience. Yeah. To go back to your We're all tied together.


Yeah. Movie theaters. Yep. Rocks, rock concerts, comedy shows. Yeah. And I think once AI comes around, live performance is gonna be one of the few ways that we're gonna be able to connect with each other. Yeah. Real last human way. We can't do Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. In a real way. And that's a, it's a scary, a scary proposition because we really don't know, like maybe for the first time ever, if you lived in 1970, you were pretty sure what 1980 was gonna be like. Maybe you're wrong a little bit, but it was, you're probably pretty accurate. You could extrapolate, you could look at it and go, I see where this is going today. We have zero idea what 2034 looks like.


We are just guessing. I'll go further than that. I was driving around our studios in Van Nuys and I was driving from Malibu to Van Nuys and I'm like, if you drive through, like, I dunno what that, that's why I said Tarzana, it's probably Tarzana. It literally hasn't changed a lot since 1924. Right. Like it's like the same houses, same fucking like, okay, the cars are different, but there's cars. That's it. And there's phones, but like, okay, there's a bit of technology, but Like, it kind of is the same street, looks the same, looks the same. There's not a lot really. And you're like, okay, a hundred years from now, this fucking looks nothing. Yeah. Nothing. Yeah. Like, Like It does today. Yeah. That's scary. It is scary.


It's weird. But, but we both, but we'll remain. Yeah. We both said like, look, you, you can either be positivist about it and say, look, let's mold it to be like, great. I can fucking do something I love rather than work in a fucking factory fucking punching out, You know, tool and die fucking pieces. I can, You know, go do what my first love was or something that I makes me feel filled with joy. Or we can become fucking autobots who are crying because fucking online. Yeah. AI driven girlfriend dump me. Well, The thing is also today, there's these kind of conversations that are out there that put these thoughts into people's minds and inspire them to do something that didn't exist when we were young. Yeah. There, there wasn't these kind of conversations that could really light up the fires of your creativity.


True. And your ambition. And you Decided the fact was the opposite. Yeah. It was the opposite. It was No. Yeah. Yeah. Shut up. Yeah. You had to be a real rebel. Yeah. You had to be a kind of a crazy person. That's right. You could take that path. You had to be punk. You had to be fucking an outsider. Yeah. Otherwise people would like conform. Just fucking do what everybody else is doing. Be an accountant. Yeah. And as you were struggling, if you got outside the lines and you were taking a chance as you're struggling, people were praying for you to fall. Yeah. All of 'em. Praying that it Yeah. Didn't work out for Yeah. Because it shows them up. Yeah. They'd made the wrong choice. Yeah. They don't Like It. But That's true. That is true. People want you to fail. They do until you succeed. And then they're Like, It was always in your corner.


The the thing is, some people don't, though, some people actually want you to succeed and they want, they succeed themselves. They want you, you to succeed. Like, can you realize like that's a better way to live? Yeah. I'm a cheerleader leader. I should, I am too. Yeah. Adopt that. You can adopt that even if it doesn't feel right because you're like grinding and you're trying to make it out. I'm telling you the hoping other people fail is the biggest waste of energy. Even your enemies. Let 'em fucking just live in their own life. Don't, don't hope they fail. Don't, don't put any energy towards it. Everyone's just trying to get through the day. I like, I, I'm a cheerleader. And again, when, when, when people I know or when my friends do well, I'm like, there's nobody happier than me.


I'm like, that's fucking awesome. Yeah. That's Just awesome. And also, and when people, You know, fail or have a hard time, we're like, okay bro, let's, what can we do? Let's fucking do it again. Let's fucking get, get get, get back on the horse. Let's figure it out. And yeah. Because otherwise it's just a fucking bummer. You're right. Yeah. Yeah. Ain't no fun that the homies can't have none. Remember that song? Yeah. Alright brother. Tell everybody where I show is Alright man. Where, where, how can they find it? Where do they go? That's good. What we just started, but it's, I think on YouTube, it's Shane Smith Has Questions and wherever you can listen to podcasts, I guess. Alright. But I appreciate the, the plug. You gotta come on sometime. Oh, it's Good to see you my friend.


You gotta come on. I love you man. I Love you too. Bye.