
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience, Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Good to see you, sir. What's happen Happening? Good to see you too, Joe. I watched episode one and I'm into episode two of your new season. Fantastic. Looks fantastic. Looks awesome. Fantastic information. But before we do anything, I think we should probably address what we know now about the debate that you had with Flint Dibble. Yeah. So it wasn the last time we were here, it was, I, I appreciate that he came on and I thought it wasn gonna be an interesting discussion, but it turned out he played fast and loose with the truth.


Yeah. And, and distorted quite a bit of information that were some key points that you had discussed. One of them being the amount of shipwrecks Yeah. That were discovered. He greatly inflated the amount of shipwrecks that have been discovered. And then you released a video today Yeah. That went over a lot of this stuff. And one of the things that went over is the oldest shipwreck that we are currently available. It's about 4,000 years old. About 6,000. 6,000. The docos shipwreck. But there's nothing left of the ship. No, that's, and this is what's important that, You know, what he was trying to say was that it would be preserved Yeah. By the cold water that turns out to not be the truth at all.


And that these ships that are 6,000 years old, there's nothing left of the actual boat itself. That's right. The only's only thing that's left is pottery and coals and things that like, And especially when you consider the possibility of ships having gone through a cataclysm. Right. It's not likely. But there's a, there's a more central point than that, which, which really needed to be brought up by the archeologists in this, which is that, which is that archeology universally accepts that human beings were seafarers as much as 50,000 years ago. And I, I put the evidence on this into the, into the video, it's not even in dispute like the island of Cyprus. The nearest Turkish coast is about 60 kilometers from there.


It's always been surrounded by huge deeps. It's always been an island, even at the peak of the sea, sea level, lowest sea level during the Ice Age, Cyprus was always an island. And yet there's evidence now that it was settled 14,000 years ago, certainly 14,000 to 12,500 years ago, it was settled. In other words, during the ice age. And these were large planned migrations. When you're going to migrate to an island, you can't just go two or three people by accident Because you become extinct. You have to bring in quite a large population. And they reckon that populations of a thousand or so were being brought across that water, across the ocean, across the Mediterranean Sea to Cyprus near the end of the last ice age.


But not a single ship has survived from to, to, to, to testify to that. Same with Australia, 50,000 years ago, human beings got there and even at the lowest sea level, they would've had to cross about 90 kilometers of open water and in large numbers. And again, no ships have been found to testify to that yet archeologists accept that they got there by ship. So, so to say that we haven't found any ships from the ice age is not really evidence about anything. And if we're finding the oldest ships that we, we currently are aware of, which is, as you said about 6,000 years ago, if you tack on another 6,000 years of decay on top of that Sure. What are the odds you're gonna find anything?


I Think the odds are very, very low. Now, now, if we have that evidence and that information when we were confronting Flint, that would've been a very different conversation. Totally. But the, the arrogance in which he distributed that fake information was, it's disturbing. It sucks when people just want to win. Yeah. And they don't want to get to the truth. It does. And the truth is kind. It's very fascinating. Another thing it wasn very fascinating that he discussed. I didn't want your whole video, but it was about seeds. I asked the question. There's, there's a very distinct noticeable difference between domestic seeds and seeds that are wild. And the difference is the seeds that are wild, they break off easier Because it, it makes sense that it would help them prosper.


It would help them be able to spread the seed if it broke off the plant easier. And so they can recognize that. And then when they start using large scale agriculture, the seeds become more robust and stick to the Yeah. To the plant. Because it makes sense that it would, if you're gonna harvest all of the plants and then take the seeds off of it for the, the plant to prosper, you would want the, the seeds to be more robust. Yeah. So there's these changes and I said, have they ever noticed a, a domesticated seed going back and having the characteristics of a wild seed? He said, no. Yeah. But that's not true either. That's not true either. No, no, it's not. It's, it is, it is not true. And, and the whole notion of the, of the origins of agriculture, I think archeologists has got a great deal, more work to do on that.


Often I'm misrepresented as saying that survivors of my supposed lost civilization would have would've brought crops with them. I I think that's most unlikely in a cataclysmic situation. What they brought with them was the knowledge that crops can be domesticated. And it's precisely during the younger dryers that we see that shift from undomesticated to domesticated crops in the archeological record. Mm. And what I'm suggesting is that these were people who had already conquered that problem. They'd already solved that problem. They knew it could be done. And they brought that knowledge with them and shared that, shared that knowledge with the people that they took refuge amongst. Because I don't think we are looking at a, a mass migration.


I think we are looking at a few survivors who are taking refuge after a global cataclysm. You know, it's just very unfortunate when you have a debate and one person is an expert and they're not, they're not truthful.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake, to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jre terms apply.


It's, it just, I think it's very bad. I think it's very bad for archeology. It is. 'cause it reinforces all the things that you've been saying. It it, it does. I mean, to be honest, I felt beaten up after that, after that debate. But looking back in, in, in retrospect on, on, on the whole thing, I think it actually, it actually makes the point that we have a very arrogant, very controlling discipline in archeology, which has established a narrative about the past and which will fight tooth and nail to maintain that narrative, including using dirty tricks. And I, I think instead of, You know, smearing people who talk about the possibility of a lost civilization, or people who even talk about aliens, I think of in instead of smearing them, archeology should understand why people are asking those questions.


People are asking those questions 'cause they're not satisfied with what archeology is offering. It's not, it's not providing a nurturing, satisfying resolution to many of the problems that, that, that come from the past. And that's what drives me is, is, is curiosity about anomalies. In the past, I'm often misrepresented as saying that somehow I've proved that a lost civilization existed. And, and I don't claim to have proved that. What I do say is join me on this journey. There are mysteries in the past, let's see if they're explained by archeology or if they're not explained. And I found quite a number that are not explained by archeology. And that's particularly to do with astronomical alignments, with traditions that are shared all around the world.


It's to do with, it's to do with things that archeologists by and large don't study. Well, it's also one of the things that's fascinating is just even with conventional archeology, the dates to keep getting pushed further and further back Further and further back. And this is the one of the things that the White Sands, New Mexico stuff that you have Yes. On episode one. That's right. Which is, by the way, white Sands, have you been there? No, I haven't. Well, an incredible That's amazing. Ethereal, other worldly place. And Alamogordo is sitting right in the middle of that. This is where they did the nuclear tests. Yeah. And The, and the yikes, The Tite, You know, which was, which was created there. And there's gypsum sand. It's not normal. It's just the most amazing, amazing place. And there Yes. They found human footprints dated back more than 20 through 23,000 years.


What Do they think that environment was like 22,000 years ago? Well, it would still have been like that really? It would would've been gypsum dunes then in that, in, in that place. Otherwise, gypsum dunes, they wouldn't have left the footprints. I'm not exactly sure why the gypsum is there, But there it Is. Is that the same stuff they use for like gypsum board for construction? I reckon so, yeah. Wow. Yeah. Wow. It's a very fine, very white sand. And, And it just goes on forever. And the dunes are sculpted and massive and huge. And we had an amazing time there. So it looked incredible. So they found footprints there. And these are absolutely human footprints. And there's not just a few of them. There's thousands of them. There's thousands of them. And what's what's amazing when you, when you actually see the footprints, is you can see the interactions between the human beings and and animals.


Mm. You can see that. You can see that somebody is reacting to a giant sloth, which has suddenly turned around and the person who's behind it suddenly turns around as well. Wow. There's, there's mammoth footprints overlaying human footprints, and then human footprints overlaying those. Wow. And it goes down from meters under the ground. So you have the, you have a very deep stratification of these impressions that have been left behind by our ancestors and, and by animals that are now completely extinct. Mammoths and mastons went, went extinct during the younger dryers, But there are their footprints from 23,000 years ago, side by side with the footprints of human beings. It's, it's very intimate to see, to see a footprint, to see those, those five toes, to see the heel mark, to see sometimes a child walking beside a mother that's, that's there in the, in the record as well.


Wow. It's, it's quite, it's, it is quite something special. And, And it, it opens the door. Archeology has been very reluctant to accept a much older people of the Americas than previously was held. It was held for a long time, that it was about 13,000 years ago. They've abandoned that now. They did clinging on tooth and nail for decades. But that's been abandoned. It's accepted that human beings came here long before, 13,000 years ago. And White Sand is one of the places which, which provides just absolute definite irrefutable evidence of that, that they were here 23,000 years ago. But we don't know yet how long before that they were here. Right. This is, this is, this is part of the problem. I often remember a, a site called the Siri Mastodon site in San Diego.


I went to see, it's, the exhibits are in the San Diego Natural History Museum. And I talked with the expert there, Dr. Tom DeMare. And they are convinced that they are looking at human traces. There. It was a butcher, butchering of a mastodon. But the way the bones were broken and the marrow was extracted, they don't see any other way that this could have been done except by human beings. The thing is, it's 130,000 years old, not 23,000 years old, not 13,000 years old, but 130,000 years old. And You know, this opens the possibility that human beings have been in the Americas before they were in Europe. And that becomes, That's crazy. That's a door that opens all kinds of possibilities, which have been neglected.


I think the, the prejudice is the, the prejudice that the Americas were only settled very late in the human story, led archeology to not have their eye on the possibility of what happens if they were here earlier. Right. And they tend not to, and they tend not to look to that. Well, what I was gonna ask is as they're digging deeper and deeper and they're finding these footprints in White Sands, New Mexico, is there a possibility that they could dig deeper still and find things that are even older? Yes. Absolutely. So how are they, how do they know where to go? It was found by accident. The, the, the first footprints were, were, were found completely by, by accident. And, and they were found by indigenous local people who alerted the, the National Park Service to, to them.


And, and we have a number of indigenous spokespeople who, who speak to the, to the White Sands mystery and how it, how it feels for them. The emotional feeling of seeing the footprints of their ancestors from 23,000 years ago. The thing is that the dunes are constantly shifting and sometimes the footprints will be covered up and then wind will reveal them again. And they're fragile. They can be easily destroyed and wiped off. And it's, in a way, it's a miracle that they've, that they've survived. But to see the stride of a mammoth, you see the how far apart those huge foot pads are and, and, and to realize this thing was alive. This thing existed on this planet. Human beings interacted with it. It's a very compelling evidence for an earlier settlement of the Americas.


So There is some evidence that human beings came across the bearing land bridge. Oh yeah. So that probably means there was people already here and people came here Yes. From Asia Almost certainly. And, and the way the evidence is looking, it's most likely that South America was settled first before North America was settled. And that raises all kinds of questions. And we've gone into this in season two of Ancient Apocalypse, primarily to do with the DNA evidence of a direct connection between the peoples of New Guinea and Australia and the peoples of certain tribes in South America. And that's very ancient, very old DNA evidence in South America, but also to do with archeological sites like Monte Verde.


I did bring up the issue of Tom Diha the last time we were, we were on, when Flint was here. And Tom Dhe, who found Monteverde, who excavated Monteverde and in, in South America and realized that it was plus 14,000 years old, and therefore a lot older than what was then accepted as the model for the first peoples in North America. When he put that idea forward, he was, he was eviscerated by his colleagues in, in archeology. It took them a decade to come round to accepting that actually he was right. And there are many other sites in South America going back 30 plus thousand years. They're all controversial because they conflict with an existing model. But I think instead of clinging on to existing models, I think it's one of the problems with archeology is this territoriality this kind of control of the past.


Yeah. I, I think instead of doing that, it would be, it would be nicer if archeology was a little bit more welcoming, a little bit more open to, to new and different ideas. Unfortunately, that's just the thing when people are supposed experts in a subject and someone comes along that's also been studying it. But from an untraditional perspective Yeah. People reject that. I've come, I've come to the point, and I'm gonna say something, some strong words here. I I get crazy, Get crazy. Graham Hancock. I've, I've come to the point where I, I believe that some archeologists, not all of them, most actually, this, this problem is with a small number of archeologists, but they're extremely vocal. I think what we are looking at is a kind of abuse of power.


Archeology. Archeologists have a power, they are the official spokespeople for the, for, for the past. And they use that power to slap down any point of view that doesn't agree with theirs. So I think that there's, there's an abuse of power there. And at the same time, there's not a realization that that's happening because the mindset that drives it is the feeling that members of the general public are unable to decide things for themselves. This is the arrogance of archeology that they feel that they have to tell people what to think about the past. And they underestimate the intelligence of the public and, and the ability of the public to discern, to make choices between different possibilities about the past.


They think that archeologists seem to think that only one possibility of the past must be considered by the general public. And that's their possibility. And it reminds me a lot of the heresy hunters back in the 16th century, You know, the, the people who disagreed with their point of view got burned at the stake. Well, you don't get burned at the stake today, but you can get lynched by a mob of archeologists online. Well, It's also online, the same thing that we saw during Covid Yeah. With medical experts. Yes. That disagreed with the narrative. It's the same thing. It is absolutely the same thing When you take esteemed professors and doctors and physicians and you, you cast them into this kook label because they disagree with the narrative that the medical establishment is pushing.


And then they turn out to be correct. Yeah. Which most of 'em did. You see the same patterns. It's just power. Yeah. It's just power. And people that take, have their identity wrapped up in them being the ones that have access to the actual information. Yeah. They don't want it to be distributed by some guy on Netflix. That's right. It's, it's, It's, even though you've been probably studying it more than them. Well, I certainly studying particular aspects Of it. That's, that's the other thing I noticed, which was the sneering attitude to, to towards me. Yeah. They talk about my, You know, my, my wife Santa taking tourist photos of the places that we've been to. Well, we've never been anywhere as tourists. We haven't had a holiday for 20 years. But, but the working trips that we do are very intense.


Your wife's an amazing photographer. Like, who cares if she takes tourist photos? The photos are incredible. They're of real sites that are very pertinent and very interesting. That's right. The Whole criticizing amazing photographs is one of the dumbest things I've ever heard. Like, why would you criticize amazing photographs of ruins that are perplexing? Yeah, I know. How could, You know? But It's, it's, how could you find an, even an area where you want people to agree with you? It's part of this desperate search to say, we archeologists know everything. Yeah. And, and we must discredit in any way we can. Anybody who has anything opposite to say It's an unfortunate human characteristic that it happens in everything. You see it in martial arts, you see it in science, you see it in everything.


This reliance on experts. I get it. I would like the pilot of my plane to be an expert pilot. I don't want him to be an amateur. Yeah. But I don't think that archeologists and aircraft pilots are, can be compared in that sense. Right. Archeology is a much more interpretive discipline. An aircraft pilot is not really interpreting situations that much. He knows what to do in such situations. Archeologists are interpreting the past, and yet they seem to get very upset by other interpretations of the past that are offered that don't, that don't agree with theirs. And this is, this is the problem of expertise in our society. Yes. Expertise is very important. It's incredibly useful, but we should not pay place all our faith and trust in experts.


Right. We need to liberate our own consciousness and freely think about things and make our own decisions about things. And resist, resist Absolutely. Being told what to think. Well, The problem is, is these experts are human beings. Yeah. And human beings have very distinct behavior traits Yeah. That they exhibit, especially when they're in a position of power and prestige. Yeah. And they like to hold that and they like to, they, it feels good for them Yeah. To be the person that looks down upon the people that don't know better. Yeah. And tell them what to do and tell them what to think. And when you're doing that with something like art, look, if you're doing that with something like mathematics and someone's a mathematical expert, math is a very specific and precise science.


Yeah. It's very specific. Yeah. Archeology is like, who fucking knows what's out there. Exactly. Because you haven't searched everything. No, it's not possible too. And as we develop more these, these fascinating technologies like lidar, where you have the ability, ground penetrating radar, all these different things where you can look into the soil itself and find things that aren't Visible on the surface. See them through trees, see them through that. We're gonna find more in, and obviously in Brazil they have done in the Amazon they have done that. Well, it wasn part of our adventure with Yes. With season two of Ancient Apocalypse was the, was was working with, with a really professional team in, in Brazil led by a a, an archeologist Marty Parson from the University of Helsinki.


And a geographer from Brazil, I'll say Ramzi ou years ago was the first person who noticed that there are these huge geometrical structures emerging out of the Amazon jungle. And he, and he, he noticed it on a, on, on a flight, on a commercial, on a commercial aircraft, in an area that happened to have been cleared by local farmers for planting crops. That there was this massive geometrical earth work there. And that he, he actually coined the term geoglyphs for these, because he compared them in some ways with the NASCAR lines, which again, are really only Visible from the air. You get the suddenly the, the massive scope and extent of these things. And it's same with the geoglyphs in the, in the Amazon.


And, and here's the thing. The ones we know about up till now have we largely know about them because of these tragic clearances of the Amazon rainforest, which is a maybe short term economic game, but It is a long term really not a very good idea. But now with lidar, it's possible to find these things without damaging any rainforest at all. And we had a lidar expert with us, and, and you can fly lidar off a drone now. That's amazing. Yeah. It's in, it's incredible. It's a pretty hefty drone. But, but they can fly anywhere. And, and we found, I say we, it was actually the lidar expert who found, he found, you can see the edge of the rainforest where, where the clearances stop and the rainforest hasn't yet been interfered with.


And then he flies over there, and within a matter of hours, he's found multiple more of these, of these structures, several that are Deep in the Rainforest that it, deep in the rainforest covered, completely covered completely. And lidar allows him to see through the canopy and to see what's underneath it without damaging it. And there are these huge earthworks, and this raises the question, how much more is there in the Amazon to find, especially which even, even the archeologists who are most reluctant are now willing to accept that the Amazon had a huge population before the Spanish conquest. It's so wild. That's such a shift. Millions cities. Yeah. A whole different way of life. A whole different kind of civilization from the one that we have today. One that lived in a, a manmade garden, which is what the Amazon really and truly is.


And lived in and lived in harmony with that. That's an interesting thing too. We've talked about that before. But for people who have never heard those other podcasts, they've determined that the, the Amazon rainforest is at least partially manmade. Definitely. They've, they've determined that because of the, the preponderance of trees that serve human needs, they call them hyper dominant. And things like Brazil nut trees, which are, which, which are providing food for human beings are in massive dominance in relation to trees that aren't useful to human beings. And it's, it's clear that this is a result of a long term human project to make this jungle serve human needs. What was the other one? The ice cream bean. What Was that? Ice cream bean.


And I'm, I'm forgetting all of the details, but there's a, there's a bunch of, there's a food Plants of food Plants, which are, which are, which are hyper dominant in the, in, in the Amazon rainforest. And these, and these food plants show that human beings have been nurturing, have been massaging this natural wonder and turning it into something that really serves human needs. And there's the other thing that you've discussed in, in depth the Tara Preta. Yeah. This, this manmade, incredibly rich nutrient dense soil that they can grow incredible agriculture off of. Yeah. That we really, to this day, don't know how they created, It's a mystery. A a again, it was a great privilege to have the opportunity to stand in a pit of terra pretor that is being excavated to get down 15 feet into that with a, with a product Product.


Can they recreate it once they get it? It appears that modern, that not modern, but, but indigenous communities in the Amazon are still doing this. They're still, they're still doing it. Mixing, mixing all kind of refuse and waste together and enriching the soil with it. So it's, it's, it's not stopped. Terra Preta is still being made, but most of it is very old. And the oldest that they found so far is about 8,000 years old. So it's just large scale regenerative agriculture. Yeah. Using some old lost method. Yeah, that's right. That's right. And, and making see a rainforest, even when you choose trees that are going to serve human needs, it's not enough. You do need to be able to plant in the rainforest.


And, and that is what Terra Preta has allowed people to do. Rainforest soils are not particularly fertile by nature. So it's these spots of fertility all over the Amazon. And we, we went into that mystery quite, quite a bit in, in one of the episodes. It's so interesting, especially when you consider the stories like the lost City of Z, You know, which they turned into an interesting film. Yeah. But the, the book details these records of these incredible cities that these people had visited a long time ago. And then when they tried to go back, there was nothing there. Yeah. Because everybody had died off because of European diseases. Probably. That's that's exactly what happened. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But those cities were just consumed by the jungle. Yeah. Yeah. And much like Detroit, if you go to Detroit now, you could see there's a, like there's a bunch of neighborhoods in Detroit that are essentially abandoned and trees are growing right through the houses.


And the houses are, I mean, that's just a few decades ago. Yeah. And the houses are almost gone in some, in some ways. Yeah. And if you went back 200 years ago, there'd probably be nothing left of them. And this is probably exactly what happened in the Amazon, except the trees just consumed the landscape. 'cause it's such an incredible dense rainforest. That's, that things grow so quickly there. That's what happened. I, I mean, before the lost city of Z we have this very interesting report, and I have mentioned it to you before and pre previous episode, the expedition of, of Gasby Kava Hall and, and his chronicler, Francisco de Ora, which was an accidental expedition. They were just going hunting in a long boat.


But the Amazon took them and wouldn't let them go back. And they traveled 4,000 miles across South America and ended up in, they started on the Pacific side And it ended up in the Atlantic Ocean. Wow. And that's in the 1550s. 1560s. And they report seeing enormous, thriving, prosperous cities, highly civilized with advanced arts and crafts. Wow. And they were not believed because a hundred years later when other Spaniards made that voyage and went into the Amazon, they couldn't find the cities. And the reason they couldn't find them is precisely the reason that you give, which is that the jungle had eaten those cities because the human population had been wiped out by disease, brought by the Spaniards.


The Spaniards didn't have to have direct contact with those indigenous peoples in the middle of the Amazon. The diseases just jumped from population to population and just killed everybody. It's so wild that that happens. It's so crazy when most people probably aren't even aware. And there, everyone knows there was a genocide of Native Americans in this country, but most people don't know that 90% of them are wiped out by disease. Absolutely. Which is just unbelievable to think about. Yeah. Millions of people just wiped out over the course of a few decades or, or a hundred years Yeah. By diseases. Yeah. It's a early example of a biological weapon. Yeah. Right. And to some extent it was used to deliberately as a biological weapon, like, like those smallpox infected blankets.


Is that true? The smallpox ect blankets? Well, there's, I've heard that it wasn like a, a, a rumor Or a myth. It may, it may well be a rumor, but from what I've looked at from, from the Spanish conquest of Mexico, there was, there was a realization that we can kill these people with smallpox and, and, And it was God And it was spread. And we have some immunity to it that they, that they don't have. Right. Because we had it forever in Europe. Yeah. It's, it's just so terrible when you read CAA de VA's story about visiting the Maya civilization and you realize like it wasn you guys fucking killed everybody. Yeah. The disease, the diseases did I I I mean the battles did kill some people Sure.


But, but not on the order of the diseases. Yeah. Mexico, Mexico City fell to the Spaniards primarily because of disease and secondarily because the Aztecs weren't popular with their neighbors. So it really wasn't just Cortes and 400 Spaniards. It was, it was Cortes and 400 Spaniards plus smallpox, plus the plus Collins, who the Aztecs had used as a sort of farm for human sacrifices for a hundred years. Oh. And the cla Collins looked at Cortes and they said, we can use this guy. And so they joined him. He had tens of thousands of cla Collin warriors. Oh.


Otherwise he would not have, he would not have had that victory. So what archeology would like is to be in control of expressing that narrative in its fullest form. And I don't think they know, I don't think they can. No, nobody can explain the olmec, explain that. Explain those features and those faces. It's A, it's a very curious thing. And again and again, the moment we start talking about people's facial features, then they jump in with you being a racist, you're being a white supremacist or whatever. Although they all make heads. But why is the thing, don't say white supremacism. Not at all. How, how would that be racist? As a racist if these were the most advanced seafaring people alive 6,000 years ago?


Again, that would Be kind of the Opposite. The racism angle is just being used to shut it down. Right. This is something that we, particularly in the climate, in the world today. Well, Flint does that a lot. Yeah, he does that. I saw him do that to Jimmy Corsetti online over the uses of parentheses or, or brackets. Did you see that? I did. Yeah. That somehow or another that's a code for Jews. Like I thought it, I thought what he was doing was avoiding, there's, there's certain algorithms that pick up on particular words that you use. Like you ever see that people, they, they don't like if they want their posts to be more viral, they don't write the word shooter. They write SH and then they put like two asterisk and then TERS.


I've noticed people doing that. Yes. Yeah. So what people are trying to do by blanking out swear words and cutting out different words, is that you, you can bypass algorithms. Yeah. That selectively remove or limit the distribution of those kind of posts with those key words in it. Yeah. So that apparently was all he was trying to do was adding brackets to something to, You know, to enhance the algorithm. To enhance the algorithm. Yeah. But it's just like accusing someone of racism. It should be Like, it should be, So it should be very clear what they're saying. They should be. It, it shouldn't be, you have decided through some sneaky code to, to decide that this person's racist. Oh, I this code means this. Yeah. This is a commonly used code.


Like from what I understand, that those use of brackets is just to trick the algorithm. Yeah, yeah. Just like those, the two asterisks for shooter. I think it's, I think it's very, it's very unfortunate that in serious and interesting discussions about the past, that this issue of race immediately gets dumped into it. Yeah. Because those who are dumping race into the issue know that that's a way to shut down a conversation. Nobody wants to be accused of being a racist. It's also the dumbest suggestion because the most sophisticated ancient civilization that's baffling people to this day is in Africa. Yeah, absolutely. So shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. It doesn't make any sense.


Exactly. Those were the most advanced human beings ever. And what we, we are in disagreement, there's a lot of confusion debate as to how long ago they were there. According to their hieroglyphs, they were there 30,000 plus Absolutely. Years ago. But at the very least, those were people in Africa. Mm. Okay. So all the racism shit should be out the window because no one's saying it wasn anybody else. No, It wasn an, it wasn an African civilization. They Literally have images of themselves. We know what they look, You know, at least drawings of what they looked like. We have statues of what they looked Like. It was an African civilization. They were the most advanced people perhaps ever. I'm leaning towards ever. I'm leaning towards ever too. Yeah. Because because look, can we think of any other civilization that has survived for 3000 years, right?


Is what you go visit right now That you can go visit right now tourist site, but but ancient Egypt as a culture, right. Survived for 3000 years. It's, it's, it's survived. The, the, the Greek occupation survived the previous Persian occupation. It was only the Romans that that brought it low. The, the, the, the Roman occupation of Egypt was the beginning of the end for per, To put it into perspective, I always use this quote, I forget who who came up with this, but it's a perfect analogy. Cleopatra lived closer to the invention of the iPhone than she did to the construction of the pyramids. Yeah. Even if you use the conventional 2,500 BC dating of the, the construction of the pyramids, which is also under debate. It's under debate. Yeah.


Well, it's also, well, even if that's true, even if it is 2,500 years ago, the most baffling thing is how did they do it? There's no simple answers. I don't give a fuck what anybody says. There's no simple answers. How did they do it? How did they have such incredible sophistication in their construction methods? How did they get those massive 80 plus tons stones, 500 miles down from the mountains with no equipment, no heavy machinery, whatever they did. I think it's, it's reasonable to say that in a different way. I don't think they had iPhones. I don't think they had email, but they were probably more sophisticated than us today. And their ability to manipulate stone and, and make constructions.


They certainly were. And I, and I think they had mastery of techniques that we don't, that we don't know about yet. Right. And perhaps equipment. And perhaps equipment. The, the, the great pyramid remains to me an abiding mystery, which despite probably a hundred or more visits to the great pyramid and being inside it and spending the night in it and exploring every passage in every chamber, including the relieving so-called relieving chambers above the king's chamber. I still can't figure it out. I don't, I don't understand how it was possible to do this. And, and then the, the time span, which Egyptology gives us, Because it egyptology is, is fixed on the idea that the great pyramid is a tomb and only a tomb.


And then it was built in about 20 years And 23 years. Yeah. Because if it's a tomb of fu then it had to be built in 23 years. 'cause it wasn his reign. Right. He would start in theory building it at the beginning of his reign. And, and it's finished by the, by the end of his reign. That's 23 years. And in, in the broadest span, if you look at the fourth dynasty pyramids, and even go back to the, to the end of the third dynasty at the pyramid of Zoso, the, the, the step pyramid, you find that this is a sudden emergence of incredible skills, which lasts for about a hundred years. And then it goes away. It stops the pyramids that follow the great pyramid of Giza, the three pyramids on the Giza plateau, the pyramids that follow them, the Fifth Dynasty pyramids are really poor.


They're very, very poor quality workmanship. They're falling to pieces you can hardly recognize from the outside that they're a pyramid at all. When you get inside, you do find wonderful chambers. And you do find what you don't find in any of the great pyramids, which is huge numbers of hieroglyphs and, and accounts of the person who was supposedly buried in that pyramid. What Do you think of Christopher Dunn's work? Christopher Dunn came on the podcast. Yeah. And he explained his theory that he thinks the great pyramid of Giza was some sort of a power plant. I think it's a theory which deserves to be taken seriously. Yeah. Along with other theories as to what it is. One thing I know for sure is that the theory that it was just a tomb and nothing else is bust.


That is not a satisfactory theory anymore. So we should be open to a number of possibilities. And Chris comes to this from a background of machine tool making. He's a very precise guy. He's an engineer. He understands this kind of thing. And when he looks at particularly the Sakara, you have this thing called the se, which is an underground labyrinth, and it's got wide corridors through it. And then off each side are rooms, and in each room are these gigantic basalt Boxes which appear to have held the corpses of bulls. They're, they're, they, their likes Hako a guy for human beings, but they're on an enormous, gigantic scale weighing hundreds of tons and cut out of the hardest possible rock.


Precisely engineered everything is exact. And it's that amongst other things that is attracting Chris's attention to the possibility of, of a lost technology in, in ancient Egypt. And then he asked himself the question, well, what was the great pyramid? If it wasn't a tomb, what, what might it have been? And he's come, he's come to the solution that it was some kind of energy generator, some kind of, some kind of power plant and Yeah. Using Chemicals and creating hydrogen. Yeah. And Oddly enough, there, there's a, there's just a recently published archeological paper concerning the step pyramid at Sakara, which is suggesting that they used hydraulics to lift the big stones up in, up inside there.


And that, You know, that begins to come close to the kind of, the kind of technology in some ways that Chris is, that Chris is talking about. I think, I think it's worth taking very seriously. I've always had great respect for Chris. I've traveled to Egypt with him, and I think he's done very important work contributing, contributing to this. And also looking at the stone, the stone VAEs from ancient Egypt. I remember the first time I was drawn to this mystery, which Was you gave us one of 'em. This is a 3D print of one That's a 3D print of one of those. One of, yeah. It is a 3D print of an actual stone of vase. Yeah. And it might be like, not that exciting to people like, oh, what's the big deal? What the big deal is the precision in which this, it wasn constructed with handles on it.


So it couldn't have been spun on a lathe. No. Because it has these two handles that are also cut out the stone. Yeah. And everything is precise to within thousands of a human hair. Yeah. Which is bananas. Yeah. It doesn't, it doesn't make sense given what we are taught was the level of technology of Egypt at that Time. Now there is some dispute of where these came from. There is some dispute about the what, what is, have these been made in a modern way and has someone tried to replace, You know, Are we looking at fakes or, or Hoaxes. Right. Are we looking at hoaxes? Well, perhaps in some cases we are. But, but certainly in others, including those in the, in, in the great museums in Cairo, they've now moved a lot of the content of the Cairo Museum out to a big museum at, at, at Giza.


And some of it's in, in transition, but they have thousands of these things. The thing is like, even if this was modern technology, we don't know what they did. No. We don't know what modern technology exists that you could take an incredibly hard piece of stone and cut it into this unbelievably precise Yeah. Little vase Yeah. With handles on it. Yeah. And some bizarre method that we don't know and hollowed out the inside of it. And, and some of them with very thin necks and then a hollowed out inside. Like how Yeah, how did you do That? Very thin necks and then this bulbous Yeah. Base base to it. There's, it's all perfect. There's another piece which it's hard to describe, but it's got a, it's got a series of three flanges that come across.


It's like a, a wheel, but it's a, nobody knows what it is and it's, it's cut out of incredibly hard rock or cut or shaped in some way. I've never seen a satisfactory explanation for this, for this thing. I wish I could call up a picture, but I don't know where, Do You know what it's called? I can't remember. Jamie's a wizard of finding things. I've, I've written about it in, in Fingerprints of the Gods. Let's, I bet Jamie's already found it. Is that it? No. Yes. Top left. Okay. That's the one that, when I first saw that in the KRA museum, I mean, it's comes from schist, You know, this thing is hard. And, and when I first saw that in the KRA museum, I, I thought, how on earth did they do this?


Why isn't this a big mystery? Why isn't this being seen as a mystery? Because that Looks like a, a piece of an engine. It does, doesn't it? It looks like That. That looks like something I'd find on my land cruiser. Yeah. It looks like part of something else. Yes. We, we we're finding a bit of something larger. Wow. That looks like to me, like some part of some kind of machine. Yeah. That's the only thing that it looks like. Yeah, That's, that's exactly What it Looks like. If you, if You know, like automobiles and parts and you look at something like that, like Oh yeah, that goes probably in there somewhere. Exactly. Exactly. And what, what is its function, right? If it isn't something else, it's difficult to see what function it could have. How it could be, What is the conventional explanation of this? What these, this thing is Some kind of offering bowl. Click on that.


The dis that dis that article. I wanted to look it up. Oh, okay. Those, the sabu disk, the ancient Egyptian artifact from the first dynasty, 3000 to 2,800 BC found in 1936 in north, how do you say that? Sakara Sakara. Yeah. Sakara necropolis in MAs Masta. S3 one one. Those are sort of tombs, which have got two levels. Mm. What an incredible piece. It is an incredible piece. I I had never seen that before. There it is. First dynasty. And of course you can't actually date the object itself, so they're dating it from context. What they're saying is that it was found in a first dynasty context, but it may have been a legacy even then. Right. It, it may have been an old object even then.


We just don't know that it's at Right. Can't carbonate it. Exactly. But it's at least that old from the context. So it's at least 3000 years old. They think it was used In 5,000 years old. Oh, excuse Me. 3000 bc They think it was used in brewing beer as a mash rake to mix and even out the mixture of grains and hot water in a big mash turn ton. I don't know what that means. I don't know either. But I would've thought that if it wasn your project, you could do it without carving. Shift. Shift into that. Click on that thing. What is the mysterious Egyptian disc? What? It says it right there. That's it. Can we click on that? Can we go full scale on that So I can see what that looks like? Wow. That's wild.


Yeah. It really Isn That is such a specific shape. Like if you're going to just use that to make beer, that it seems weird and, And it's a lot of work to make beer. Yeah. You could, you could do it in other ways. That looks like some kind of a fan to me, it looks like something that would be on a belt. Yeah. You know, like on a, on some sort of a, An something's driving it, an axle or something. Yeah. It looks like a fan. Yeah. It it, it, it could Be, it looks Like, It looks like those, those things underneath it, it looks like that's how you would funnel water or air through. Yeah. Yeah. It, it, it, it clearly had a function. No, nobody would go to the trouble of, of creating something as complex and difficult to make as this unless it wasn a useful function for it. What is it made Out of? Schist, which is a hard stone.


That's crazy. That, that's made outta stone. Yeah. Like how did you Cut outta one piece of stone? How did You do that? And what are the, how are the, the measurements of that? Oh look, it's Giorgio. He says it's aliens. Yeah. I'm just gonna guess is this, this thing that's cut out of this and oops, we lost it there for a second. This thing that's cut out of this in incredibly hard stone. Like, do they have any sort of an under or, or a guess of how someone would cut something like that on a Stone? I've never, I've never seen a satisfactory guess, but, but those like Chris Dunn who are studying the technology of ancient Egypt are, are, are, are confident that we're looking at the traces of a lost technology.


We don't know how this was done like so much else in ancient Egypt. Like we don't know how the 70 ton blocks were raised to become the roof of the king's chamber either in the, in, in the great pyramid. There's so much that we don't know and that's not explained and that is easily written off by, by abusively arrogant experts who say there's no mystery here That doesn't look super precise in terms of the, the radius of it. When you're looking at it, it looks Like It, it looks handmade, doesn't it? I'm sure it is handmade. The question is how? Right. But You know what I'm saying? So are these vs right? Yeah. Yeah. But there's something about it that's like a little more crude. Yeah. But it probably didn't have to be precise. Yeah. 'cause whatever it did, I probably had a spin And it survived through at least 5,000 years.


It definitely looks Like it was something that spun. Right? Because you have that hollowed out piece in the center that you would have an axle on or something like that along those lines. Yeah, Sure. It looks like it's welded in certain spots too, but like how, Well, how do they fold it? Weld stone, how it's apparently they carved that shape outta just one bo That's crazy. Yeah. Now that one looks ultra precise. This One might have been remade off of the original. Maybe Click on that. I would say that's a remake. Is it? Hmm. If it's not, it's insane. That's even more insane because that looks so perfect. Why does that look different than the other images? I Don't know. Well go back to that one. The word spinning around Yeah.


Look at it when it spins around probably looks pretty precise. Yeah. They do look like they've recreated. Did they only find one and they've recreated it for museums? Or is it Just multiple? No, there's, there's, there's one original I've no doubt people have tried to make copies with, with modern materials, but definitely We're looking at a few different versions of it. Yeah. Well also you gotta think if it is made outta stone, some of the edges have to be beat up just from being in the ground for thousands of years. Yeah. It's not the same. Nah, you sure? It's not just a different lighting. It's All beat up like The, the thread. Right. It's, It's smooth. The other one was smooth. Right, right. That's smooth. That, that almost, that does look like a recreation, doesn't it? Yeah, It is. I think that's, we're looking at a recreation there. Okay. But whatever it is, The thing is where you come, where you come to this, there's, there's thousands of objects that, that defy explanation information.


What are those? Jamie, Jamie put that back up. What are those things on wheels? Do You know what those are? This first wheels, Oh, 484,700. It's wheels 1500 BC basically. Mm. And that's the weird, one of the weirder things about Egypt, right? We don't think they had the wheel. No, they definitely had the wheel. They definitely didn't. Whether they had the wheel in the old kingdom. Right. But that's is another question, but certainly by, by the New Kingdom, by the time of Rames, they had wheels, they had chariots, hads. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I mean, the people that built the pyramids, that 2,500 BC is not like, when do they think the wheel was invented? Well, it's actually not clear to me when the wheel was invented.


Let's see what the con I thought the conventional guess of when the invention of the wheel was, was post the construction appearance. I believe that's the case. Yeah. But the, one of the things about wheel is you have to ask yourself in what circumstances, in what places, in what conditions are wheels useful. Right. There are some conditions in wheel in which a wheel is not a useful thing in which is gonna get bogged down in the sand in which is not gonna be helpful. Right. So, so the use of sleds was certainly part of how ancient Egyptians moved huge stones. And I don't dispute that. The problem is how they then get those stones 300 feet in the air. Right. You can slide anything on wet sand on a sled with enough people pulling it.


But then how do you get it to the top of the king's chamber? How'd you get it to the top of the king's chamber? That's, that's the Problem. How'd you fit it? Perfectly, Perfectly, perfectly. And, and You know, I've, I've, I've been up there and I've been in every one of the chambers above it, and each one of them is flawed with these 70 ton blocks And it roofed with It. It's so nuts. It doesn't even seem like a thousand years more advanced than us. It seems like thousands of years more advanced. More advanced in a different way. Yes. I think, I think this is part of the problem where, where I've been perhaps misunderstood by Egyptologists when I talk about an advanced civilization, I, I keep trying to emphasize that we shouldn't look for ourselves in the past. That if we're going to go back 10,000, 12,000, 15,000 years into the past and talk about a civilization, it's not gonna be like us. It's gonna be very different.


It's gonna have different priorities, different ways of, of looking at things. But one of the things that the ancient Egyptians had, which I'm not aware that any other civilization has had, is the ability to sustain essentially a single culture with a single set of spiritual ideas. And to sustain that for 3000 years and, and to keep people happy and fed and well looked after. You know, this is, there is an amazing achievement, amazing stability. When, when you look at it, our what our civilization, how old is it really? Can we trace it back to the Romans? Probably noted right. Maybe, maybe 500 years, the beginning of mechanization and and so on and so forth in our civilization. Pretty amazing. Yeah. Yeah.


If you think about, I mean, just there's so many mysteries to it for anybody to pretend that they have all the answers to something as perplexing as Egypt. I think the, You know, this is, this is an area where where I often, I often get criticized, but, but I think we, when we look at a civilization and what it is and what it's achieving and, and why it's so special, when we look at our civilization today, we are fantastic at technology. We, we are brilliant at, at science, we can make the best possible machines. And, and we are a society that is built around production and consumption and a society in which people define themselves in terms of what they own and what they possess and what they, what they produce.


And, And it becomes a very materialistic society. A society that's focused on material things where we define ourselves by our material possessions. Ancient Egypt had a totally different focus. Yeah. They were great at making material things, but it wasn secondary. Their, their main thing was what are we here for? Why are we living this life? Right? What, what happens to us when we die? They, they investigated that mystery more deeply than any other culture that, that I know of. And they were doing so right from the beginning of, of records an Age we're documenting this journey to the afterlife Absolutely. In hieroglyphs. And it's like, what, what were you documenting? Like, how do You know, like what were you trying, how, why did, how did everyone agree on this particular myth or this story?


Un un. Unless there was some experience, right. That being brought to bear in it. It's one of the things that we, we point out in, in season two is, is that the ancient Egyptian notion of a leap to the sky after death, to the Milky way of a journey along the Milky Way of encountering challenges and dangers and risks, there monsters that would block your path gates that you had to know the password to get through. That idea is found all over the world. The, the path of souls. It's found all over the Americas. That, that, what Do you think that they're trying to say? Well, I think that, I think first of all, it's, it's evidence of a remote common origin of this idea. It's when it's found amongst cultures all around the world that's apparently had no contact with one another and are often, often separated by hundreds or thousands of years.


Same idea is found about what happens to us after death. The only reasonable explanation I can come up with is that they've all inherited this idea and then developed it in their own ways from a remote common source. And that's one of the main reasons that I'm curious about the possibility of a lost civilization. That these spiritual ideas are found all around the world. Hmm. And they, they involved the journey of the soul after death and a leap, a leap to the heavens. And it, sometimes it's called an underworld, but really it's set in the sky and this journey that, that takes place where you are judged on what you've done with your life. This is something else that we avoid in the world today, is taking responsibility for our own lives.


The ancient Egyptians required you to take responsibility for your life. Mm. And if you did not do so, the outcome after death would not be good. You had to, you had to celebrate the gift of life. You had to, you had to realize the incredible gift that you had been given. And one of the opportunities of that gift is the opportunity to accumulate wisdom. And that's one of the things hopefully, that we all do as we get older, is get a bit more, a bit more wisdom and a bit more understanding. But in the case of ancient Egypt, that idea is developed over over 3000 years. And it's essentially the same at the beginning as it is, as it as it is at the end.


That the soul, that death is not the end. This is, this is the conclusion of a society that put its best minds at work for 3000 years on this problem. The death is not the end. We may think it is, scientists may tell us it is, but when a scientist says, death is the end, there's nothing more. We are just physical bodies. And when the light goes out, it goes out forever. That's actually not a scientific fact. That's, that's not something that's been investigated or can be Investigated. No. Consciousness itself is so confusing. Very just, just consciousness. Just like, what is it and why are we conscious? What, what, what, is it local or are we tuning into consciousness? And when you die, where's that go?


Where's that energy go? Is that, is a soul a real thing? Like what is the essence of life? What is the essence of human life and human consciousness? Those are perplexing questions. They're, They're very perplexing questions, which, which actually are of great significance to every one of us. Yeah. I mean, suppose death just is the end then. That's a, that's a way not to have to take too much responsibility for our lives. Yeah. For the impact that we've had on others, for the pain that we may have caused or for the joy that we may have caused. Yeah. If, if, if, if death's the end, there's, there's no up or downside to that, whatever, whatever we do. But from the ancient Egyptian point of view, death's not the end.


And you have been given the precious gift of life. What did you do with it? Yeah. And there are, there are moral aspects to that question there. There's these 42 assessors, they're called the negative assessors, who ask the soul of the deceased questions about what they did in life. And those are all moral questions. They bear some relationship actually to the, to the 10 commandments. But there's another question, which is called the weighing of words. And, and that question is, what did you do with the gift we gave you? We gave you the gift of the human life. We gave you the gift of the opportunity to love or to hate at your choice. We gave you the gift to live in a human body, to have this incredible consciousness, to be able to integrate all kinds of information from all kinds of spheres.


What did you do with it? Hmm. Did did you leave the world a better place or a worse place than when you came into it? Did you hurt and damage and cause pain to others consistently out of wicked intent? Not accidentally, but deliberately causing pain. And there are human beings who do that. For the ancient Egyptians, that kind of behavior meant an introduction to Amit, the eater of the dead. And, and Amme is displayed in, in the judgment scene. He's a, he's a creature, part hyena, part lion. And he sits there and certain souls do not go on. Oh. Their journey ends. And it ends because of the choices they made during life and because they never took responsibility.


Wow. For what they did. Well, it kind of makes sense. A natural selection of the souls In a way. Yeah. That If, if there's natural selection of humans and natural selection of animals that allows them to, to prosper, like, and to get better and to evolve, it makes sense that that would, that would happen with the soul as well. I'm just so confused as to what the environment was like that allowed these people to keep this, this insane civilization developing and innovating for so long that they were so more advanced than anyone else. It wasn alive back then that we're aware of, at least as far as like what we've uncovered. Beautiful. What they left behind, the Beautiful art that they made. Yeah.


The perfection of their geometry, their incredibly advanced astronomy. All of these things are the, are the hallmarks of a very sophisticated, very advanced civilization. Sure. They didn't have iPhones, but Yeah. But just, but they did other stuff. Ation of the, the, the symmetry of the facial structure of the statues. Yeah. In incredible Beautiful things. Beautiful. Just bizarrely, bizarrely. Technologically advanced. Yeah. Bizarrely. Yeah. Because to to perform something like that, you need incredible tools of measurement. Enormous statues that have faces that are absolutely perfectly symmetrical. Yeah. Yeah. How did you do that? Yeah. How'd you, how'd you stand that up? Well, the answer is we, we don't know.


We don't know. We don't know. There's so much that we don't know. And, and, and it's that, it's that attitude towards the past, which I think would be more helpful, is that we have, we have this mysterious background to we human beings, as you said earlier, anatomically modern humans. We think that they first appeared about 300,000 years ago, Ebbel, eh, in Morocco, 310,000 years ago. Now, I can remember a time not so long ago, back in the 1990s when, when it was thought that the first anatomically modern humans were as recent as 50,000 years ago. And then they shifted it. New finds were made to 110,000 years ago, now, 310,000 years ago.


We don't really know how far into the past that goes. And we don't know about the Neanderthals and the Deni Sos, who were also human beings. Certainly they were human, the same species as us, because they could interbreed with us. Hmm. You can't breed with another species. So, so, and that takes the journey back even further. And that's one of the reasons why I have a problem with the notion that civilization just emerges 6,000 years ago, because we had the same kit, the same wiring, the same brains for at least 300,000 years. And we weren't doing any of this stuff apparently. I suspect we were, but it's not made the record. Well, It seems that that what they were dealing with in terms of the resources in the Nile Valley was unbelievably bountiful.


It was bountiful. And that's probably one of the reasons before the climate shifted and changed. Yeah. And it became a lot of desert before that. It was probably incredibly bountiful. And that allowed them to stay there for a long period of time and not have to worry about food. It certainly did. The bounty, however, goes back much further. This is one of the reasons why I kept on trying to talk about the Sahara during the debate. This vast area, which frankly has not been studied properly by archeology at all. Hardly a fraction of it has been studied this vast area. I'm often accused of creating a, what they call a God of the gaps argument.


I'm saying you haven't looked enough in the Sahara, you haven't looked enough in the submerged continental shelves. You haven't looked enough in the Amazon rainforest. And, and the argument is that I'm, I'm trying to put my lost civilization into these gaps, but these are very special gaps. The Yeah. The, the submerged continental shelves were prime real estate during the Ice Age. It wasn the, it wasn the place to be just as it is today, to be, to be near coastlines. The Amazon rainforest was a bountiful, was was a bountiful place. And the Sahara Desert was green and rich for thousands of years during the Ice age, with lakes, with rivers. It was the kind of place where a civilization might well have emerged.


They find whale bones, whale Bones there. Yeah. Whales. Yeah. So anybody who doesn't think there's a mystery in the Sahara Desert Yeah. And anybody who really tries to dismiss the notion that most of it hasn't been really excavated. Mm. But it really hasn't Been. No, it hasn't. It's, it's, It's, it's too vast. It's too vast. And it's too expensive to excavate An excavation like you would have to, you're dealing with a place where, how many people even live there? Nobody knows. 'cause it's not been investigated properly. It's a desert. And, and it's had relatively little attention. We do know there's some amazing rock art from the Upper Paleolithic in, in the Tassi in Algeria, in, in the Sahara.


But not enough has been done. This is, this is the, this is the problem for me with saying archeology has basically got the story of the human past nailed down, is that there's huge areas which have not been investigated. And I reject the idea that that is a god of the gaps argument, because that's not why I'm proposing there was a loss civilization. And that's all I'm doing. I'm not insisting, I'm not demanding that people believe me. I'm just, I just want to inject this idea into the discussion so that it can, can be considered when taken out of context was a little clip where you asked me is in, during the debate, is there any evidence for your lost civilization in what they've found?


And I said, in what they've found. No. And then I went on to say, but that brings us to the point of what they've looked for and what they've not looked for, what they've found and what they've not found. That has been taken again and again as, as me saying that there's no evidence right. From my lost civilization. Whereas what I'm actually saying is there's no evidence in what archeologists have studied for a lost civilization. Because I'm not studying what archeologists study. I am very happy to use material from archeologists, and I could not do what I do if I didn't use material from archeologists. It's very important basis to my work. However, it's the astronomy, it's the astronomical alignments.


It's the precision. It's the precision of the great pyramid. It's the myths. It's the myths of a global flood all around the world. This is, It is a universal story of a massive cataclysm with a few survivors who bring their knowledge to others. This story, this is one of the reasons why I think the Atlantis story, which, which Flint Dibel is so opposed to, deserves to be taken seriously because it's part of a global tradition. It's yet another flood myth. In fact, it's the story. It's just like those 150 or 200 other flood traditions that come from around the world. And it's not enough for archeologists to say, oh, people experienced a little local river flood, or, or there was a tidal wave that day.


And so they decided that the whole world was submerged with water. That doesn't satisfy me at all. The fact that this is found all around the world, to me, is a memory of something that happened to our ancestors. Something so traumatic, something so huge that it's been preserved better than almost anything else from our past. What is, what is your take on the rahar str, am I saying it right? Rahar Structure. Char structure. Re Mauritania. I, I would not like to say one way or the other because I've not been there. I've not, I've not had boots on the ground there. I've not been able to look at it. Yes. It's very intriguing. Very, I Also, the salt all around it. Yeah. Where it shows that at one point in time it was probably submerged, like something happened.


Prob probably was, but you might have to go back many millions of years to get, to get to that point. The honest answer to that question is, I don't know. I'm, I'm open-minded on the research structure. It's something that I would like to, I would like to study, but I have not had a time to yet in, in future work. It's something that I may, that I may study. And after studying it, I may come to the conclusion that it's just a remarkable natural phenomenon of which there are many, or I may come to a different conclusion. It depends what the, what the evidence shows me. But I try not to, to spout off on things that I'm not personally acquainted with and don't really know about. Well, good for you. I like to spout off. It's also like there's so many of those things that people thought were myth. Like Troy. Troy. Yeah. Then they Find it And it place find by an amateur turns out to be, turns out to be a real place.


I think the myths are the memory banks of our species. And I don't think archeology takes them seriously enough. There's a tendency to just dismiss them as fantasies, as, as things that were made up by, by the ancients for some bizarre reason of their own. But they're the memories we have from the time before writing from the time before documents were kept. And they're a precious resource in, in understanding our past. So it's, it's things like that. And then at the end of the day, to say, to twist what I said, that in, in what archeologists have studied, there's no evidence from my lost civilization is, is is completely wrong because I've, I've, I've written thousands of pages of books.


This is, this is one of the issues, like in that debate, I was supposed to prove everything about a lost civilization. I didn't even come here to prove it. I came here to explain why I'm interested in it and why I want to share my interest and my curiosity about the past with others. But if, if I'm asked to prove it, I would say don't refer to what I managed to say during a three hour debate. I'd say refer to to the, the eight or so major books that I've written with thousands of pages and thousands of documented footnotes. That's where my, my argument is in place. And you'll find that that argument is not based on what archeologists have studied. It's based pre precisely on what they've not studied about the past. Well, regardless of the argument that Flint tried to put forth, that there's no evidence of what you're saying.


The, the exaggeration of the shipwrecks, the, the stuff about seeds. The, the fact is this resonates with a lot of people. This, this mystery is perplexing. Mm. It's, it's confusing. And there's a lot of it out there. Yeah. It's not like one site like Egypt. There's a ton of sites. Yeah. The sage wall in Montana. What do you think of that thing? Again, I will withhold judgment until I have my boots on the ground there and have a look at it. And even then, that might not be enough. I do know that the property owners there are doing a lot of ground penetrating radar, and there may be results from that. But at the moment, I would not say that's definitely a manmade structure.


Nor would I say that's definitely a natural structure. Right. I would say that's an intriguing structure, but it is in a geological context where other things like that are found. If I, if I were asked to put money on it, there it is. Yeah. Oh, that Looks, I mean, it really is hard. It is hard to resist the conclusion. I mean, it's super hard to resist the idea that that's manmade. And especially if it goes deeper under the ground and they think it does, they think it goes deep. Oh, it Does. It, it goes, it goes deeper. That's what the what the ground penetrating radar. How far is about 30 feet, 30 feet. In fact, I was, I was yesterday. That looks So manmade. Yeah. It really does it, when I look at that photograph, to me that is a, that is a manmade structure. But I realize now in the environment in which I live surrounded by archeologists who are extremely hostile to my work.


Right. That I bet it, it's not in my interests to leap to a conclusion about anything. Of course, before I've, before I've studied it, and I do intend to go to Sage Wall. I was yesterday with, with Michael Collins, who's the guy who's done a lot of the videography on Sage Wall. He doesn't know whether it's natural or manmade either. More work needs to be done. But it's an intriguing issue. And it may be part of the lost history of the Americas. We just don't know yet. And what's crazy is, if that is, how old is that thing? How old is it? Who knows? Yeah. Who knows? And if you're talking about footprints of people that lived 22,000 years ago Yeah. Like what were they making things like what? Yeah. What was going on? Did they build something like that?


Yeah. Or, or, or even earlier. Right. Is It, or even earlier. Crazy. Is it Part of the, part of the lost story of the Americas? There's so much that's been lost, particularly in, in North America with the, the massive destruction that took place during the 19th and 18th and and early 20th century. It's reckoned that there were a million mound sites in North America. If you go back to 1500, there's about a hundred thousand left, which is a lot actually. But most of them are massively destroyed. And the other 900,000 have gone just plowed under, turned into, into farm, into farmland.


And how much else of the, of the prehistory of North America has been lost as a result of a process where, where, first of all, there was a conviction that the indigenous inhabitants had only been here for a very short time. Whereas we now know they've been here for a very long time. And, and secondly, there was a propagandistic desire not to give too much credit to them. So let's get rid of, let's get rid of some of their stuff. Wow. I was very disappointed when we were shooting season two of H Apocalypse that we were not allowed by the authorities to film in Cahokia, which is one of the great, the great mounds that still survive because they've been told that I'm a pseudo archeologist and that I'm going to mislead the public if I go there.


So, so the best way is just to stop me going there. We tried to film in Moundsville in Alabama as well. And again, we were denied permission to, to film there. There's no doubt that archeology has joined ranks to do their best to prevent me doing what I do. That, that's so awful. To deny anyone the ability to, especially, we're gonna put something like this on Netflix where millions of people are gonna see it deny people the, just the access through video of experiencing this site and the mystery that's attached to it. Like, who are these people? Yeah. What, why did they build this? What what artifacts haven't been discovered that are in inside of this thing?


And You Know, here's what archeologists say. Here's an alternative point of view. Yeah. You're an intelligent member of the public. Make up your own mind. Yeah. You're being reasonable. That's outrageous. It's, it's, it's the most unfortunate thing. Well, it's, it's not unfortunate that there's a lot of people that are interested in it, though. More And more. It's an, it's a fascinating phenomenon. I I, I do see it as an extension of our, of our interest in our own genetic origins. For example, a lot of people, I haven't done it yet, but I, I'm kind of keen to do 23 and Me or whatever It's called. I wouldn't do it. No, not now. No. They sell your data away. They'll Sell your data Now. Someone's gonna know your exact DNA.


Yeah. The whole thing's nuts. Like I didn't know that they could do that, but apparently they have. Not only that databases get breached and they find your information. My el my eldest son, who is half Somali and half half English, had his DNA done with 23 and me, and he found, what it showed was that he's 50% African and 49% British and 1% Spanish. Oh. And we tried to figure that out. And the answer is that my ancestors came from Cornwall in the southwest of England, and that's where the Spanish ARMRA washed up. Mm. And the survivors of the Spanish arm ma washed up and then integrated with the local community, And it contributed their genes.


So, You know, there is an interest in the past. There is an interest in our personal past, our personal origins, our ancestors, who we are. And there's a much broader interest in the story of humanity that has brought us to where we are today. And this haunting feeling that something's missing and that we, that we have a, we have a civilization today. I, I often would like to compare it to a, a sort of furious in terms of the level of consciousness. Our civilization today is like a furious, petulant teenager. But in terms of what it can do in terms of the destructive power of nuclear weapons, it's a God. So we have God-like powers with the consciousness of a, an immature teenager.


That's what we're looking at in the world today. And maybe by understanding our past better, by understanding our unity that comes down from the past, maybe we can learn something that would be helpful to us in not carrying on in this way. Because we do live at an inflection point just now. This is one thing I'm pretty sure that quote unquote, my lost civilization didn't have. And it wasn nuclear weapons. But we have nukes today, and we have them in, in an enormous scale. And behind each of those nukes is a fragile human being with his own or her own ego and complexes and fears and paranoia. Yeah. And, and we are reaching a point where those buttons are gonna be pressed. We are, as far as I know, the first human civilization that has the capacity to actually wipe itself out completely.


We don't need a comet impact. We don't need a solar outburst. We can do it to ourselves. And that requires humanity to make a major step forward in consciousness. And I think making that major step forward in consciousness will be helped by better understanding our own past. Hmm. I, I agree. I I mean, it's just disturbing how many times we can travel to ancient places like Greece or any, any place where you go to Rome and realize, oh, there's a thriving civilization here. At one point, and You were in Greece recently, it wasn gone. Yeah. With Brian Rescue. You went with Brian Mur rescue. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Brilliant. Fascinating. Brilliant guy. Brilliant guy. Yeah. But it, what a treat it is to have a tour of the Parthenon, the Acropolis with him.


Yeah. And, You know, we went to, to see the side of the Ellucian mysteries and all that. It was very, very, very interesting. But just also sobering Because you realize like this civilization did not make it, You know, this, this insane, fascinating, complex civilization crumbled. Yeah. And the idea that ours can't is one that we kind of hold dear. Yeah. Like, we're different. We gotta figure it out. We're better. But there's so much evidence that that's just a normal pattern of human history. Yeah. Civilizations come and go. Yeah. We could be gone in 20 years. Yeah. I'd love to take you on a trip to Egypt at Some point. I want to go. I want to go. I'll tell you about a, an an idea.


It wasn brought to me after the show. I can't talk about it now. Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you, I've made friends with Zhi Haas. I Heard he's a very interesting, you Guys are homies now. Yeah. We are homies. We had a, we had a nice dinner together. And it's partly because who needs more enemies Yeah. And hatred in this world. Exactly. And, and I, I said some very cruel and harsh things to zhi in the past. And I felt, I felt the time had come to apologize for those. So I went to Egypt to apologize to him really. And we had a fantastic dinner together. His son joined us. Santa was there, it was very friendly and very positive. And I love stories like That. And, You know, we've agreed that we will, if by chance we get a season three of Ancient Apocalypse, which we may or may not get, I'm not in control of commissioning decisions at, at Netflix.


But if we get a season three s Ancient Apocalypse, I would Like It to be entirely on Egypt. Mm. And, and, and what I would like is for Zahi to confront me on every point as we go through Egypt. Whatever one says about Za, he's explosive personality. He's been immersed in ancient Egyptian Egyptology for his whole life. Yeah. And he has very strong points of view on it. And he's a fun guy in some ways. Well, You know, I would imagine that as people get older and wiser and realize the folly of their ways, particularly in their youth, maybe he would be more open to the idea that the civilization is just, this civilization seems civilization, but older than you think it is.


Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm hoping to persuade him. Yeah. Of, of that. I think it'll be an interesting dialogue if we get, if we get to have it. I think people for a long time had this concept in their mind that changing the dates somehow negates the accomplishment of the people that lived in the prescribed date. You know, that somehow or another, The pushing it back. Yeah. Yeah. The pushing it back somehow or another. And even they'll even say it's racist, or This is a propaganda. This is propaganda. This is, this is archeological propaganda for very, that's been said to me repeatedly that I'm suggesting that all the achievements of certain indigenous cultures around the world should actually be handed to, to a lost civilization.


That ideas were brought to them. Yet weirdly, those same archeologists recognized that agriculture was introduced to Europe by immigrants from precisely the Gobekli tepi area. That's, that's where agriculture wasn't present in Europe until five or 6,000 years ago. It was brought in by other people, people, this is part of the human nature that we share ideas. Sure. Somebody has a great idea. We look at that. We think we'd like a bit of that too. Teach me how to do it. And this happened, this happens all the time. And it doesn't mean that the person who's being taught is any less than the person who's doing the teaching. The person who's being taught may have things to teach themselves. I've always felt that there were, if there was a lost civilization at all, and I believe there was, but I can't absolutely prove it.


I think we are looking at a terrible cataclysm. Part of it happened near Gobekli Tepi Abu Herrera in Syria was, was hit by one of those Airbus absolutely incinerated at, at, at that, at that time. Terrible cataclysm with relatively few survivors. And that those survivors just as we would do today, took refuge amongst people who'd made it through the disaster better. And those refuge, those, those people who'd made it through would most likely have been hunter-gatherers, because hunter gatherers are so resilient and so able to survive disasters. Whereas, whereas people in a quote unquote civilized condition are often, are often not, I mean, You know, we can see relative, I understand that the hurricanes that are happening in the US at the moment are horrific, horrific natural events, which are, which, which are killing people.


But we are talking about something on a scale vastly larger than that. And it's difficult for me to see, we find it hard enough to make it through a hurricane. I find it difficult to see how we could make it through another younger dry ice impact event, or how we could make it through a manmade cataclysm as a result of nuclear war. Which is, I suspect, and I fear is much closer than we think. I I, I hate the idea that nuclear missiles may be flying in my lifetime or the lifetime of my children. But I have to say, honestly, it's a possibility with the state of the world at the moment, and the low state of consciousness of the people who lead us, the leaders and governments are behind this. It's not, it's not human beings, individual people who are behind this hatred in the world today.


It's leaders and governments who are mobilizing that hatred to serve their own interests. And it's very dangerous. If, if we didn't have nukes, it would be less dangerous. But I, I agree with you when you're talking about Gobekli Tepi, one of the things that Jimmy Corsetti has talked about recently in his YouTube show is that they're, they have stopped excavation and they've planted trees above some of the areas, which is very strange. It is. Yeah. And they, they want the excavation to resume in 150 years. Yes. So what would be a logical reason to not excavate these fascinating ancient sites that are at least 11,000 years old, Generally with any archeological site, they don't excavate more than 5% of it.


And often less than 2% of It is that because of funds, It's often because of funds. But it's also because of the feeling that as technology improves more, may be learn from these sites in the future. And, and that's a reasonable argument because excavation is destruction to a certain extent, excavation destroys what's being excavated. Mm. And therefore, when you interfere with a site and start excavating it, you may be destroying materials that in a hundred years, technology would be able to interpret in a completely different way. I mean, a hundred year, go back a hundred years from where we are at present. And you didn't have carbon dating, you didn't have lidar, you didn't have all kinds of methods of, of, of, of dating objects.


You know, luminescence, the luminescence from rocks is another way of day. We didn't have any of those technologies. We do have them now. And So I think the speculation is a hundred years in the future, archeologists have made techno may have technologies that would be able to extract more information than this. That's the case that's made. I get it. But I think Quebec Tepi is such an important site. And we know, I know for sure, because I spent three days with Klau Schmid, who was the original excavator of Gobekli Tepi, that underneath that place, there, there are dozens of huge unexcavated stone circles with enormous megalithic pillars in them all under the ground waiting to be excavated.


And the decision appears to have been made not to excavate them. And I do find that slightly suspicious. I do find it, I do find it odd. I think the site has got such an important role. It's such an iconic site that to just stop the excavation or to only continue it in a very small way isn't satisfactory to What's happening. When you say suspicious, like what would be the motivation for discontinuing that kind of excavation other than the fear of destroying things? I don't want, I don't want to be a conspiracy theorist. Please Do jump right In. But, But there is a, there, there is, there is an issue here.


I've noticed that it isn't just attacks on me that, that certain archeologists are making. It's also attacks on other specialists. For example, Danny Hillman Naja, who is the geologist who brought to the world's attention, the mystery of Gunung Padang in Indonesia, which appeared in the first episode of season one of Ancient Apocalypse, the possibility that this site is more than 27,000 years old. That we are looking at a pyramidal structure. That that has had several phases of work done on it. And that the earliest phases go back deep into the last ice age. He managed to publish a peer reviewed paper on this.


But unfortunately for Danny, he'd appeared on my show. And that led archeologists to dive in on him. And there was a ganging up of archeologists and complaints were made to the peer reviewed journal that published it. And finally, they retracted, they retracted his paper without any good reasons. I've, I've got a major article by Danny on my website explaining what, what happened here. It's like, it's like, we don't want too much attention brought to this. Let's crush it. Let's crush it. Right now. The same thing is happening with the younger Dryas impact hypothesis. An enormous amount of attacks are being made on that hypothesis, rather than considering it as a, as an interesting explanation for the cataclysms at the end of the ice age. A lot of, a lot of people are just focused on trying to destroy it in ev in every way possible is, and I can't help wondering, maybe there's some truth, deep truth to this, that there was a cataclysm, that there was an Ancient Apocalypse, something really horrific that happened.


Maybe it's a cyclical disaster. Maybe it's coming round again. This is, this is something that would, would lead any government to want to avoid panic to, to suppress, to cover up these, these issues. Is it also, so that would be the conspiracy theory on it. I'm not saying I buy it, but I'm saying that it's possible. Would also a conspiracy be that they had recognized that some of the area around Gobekli Tempe was older still, and they decided just the archeologist didn't wanna confront it, and they put a stop to it. That's also possible. That's also possible. But in, in their favor, and to their credit, the excavation of that whole area around n not Gobekli Tepi itself, but other neighboring sites.


Kahan Tepi is the best known Turkish archeologists. It's interesting, are are calling this now a civilization, they're calling it the TAs Teer civilization, the Stonehill civilization. And they're finding that the same iconography, the same building techniques, not quite on the scale of Gobekli Tepi are repeated all across the region. They extend all the way down to the south of the Jordan Valley to Jericho, the ancient side of Jericho is part of that lost or emerging civilization that appeared at the end of the, of the younger Drer Cyprus is another example I was mentioning about how it was settled in what appeared to have been planned, organized settlement events near the end of the last Ice Age. Again, you find that same iconography that you find at Gobek Tepi turning up there.


Well, which Iconography Specifically? The, the tendency to, to use t-shaped pillars, to to use certain designs like a V-shaped necklace, the this, this kind of iconography and, and the structures, these circular structures, semi, semi subterranean structures that are so characteristic of Quebec tapi. They're found, they're found there as well. They're found all across the region. Jericho in the, the Jordan Valley is absolutely intriguing. The massive tower there, which again dates back right to the end of the last ice age, a huge megalithic tower with the world's oldest known megalithic stairway that runs up, that runs up inside it. So what's emerging as a result, if Quebec Tepi hadn't been found, none of this would've happened, but it's led to a widespread interest in the whole area.


So while excavation may have stopped at Quebec tepi or may have slowed down, it is continuing elsewhere a across the region. And to be fair to archeologists, we need to recognize that. Is the size and scale of Gobekli Tepi unique Yes. In comparison to the ones that are around it? Yes. So far, the ones that have been found, Gobekli Tepi is unique. And I, and I, and I think it's, it's clear now that Gobekli Tepi itself was the end of a process, not the beginning of a process. It was, it was something that marked, it was a marker. It was something that brought together the best of everything that they'd accumulated and, and created it in one place and, and left it there finally at the end, burying it, sealing it as a time capsule, which then was untouched for more than 10,000 years before Clare Schmidt opened it up in 1996.


It's, it's, I can't help feeling That's precisely what Quebec Tepi is. It's a, it's a time capsule. It's a memorial to a lost time. And, and I think that what we're looking at in that whole area is the outcome of contact with an earlier, largely lost civilization. I think it passed on its cultural genes right there in that, in that area of Turkey and down into the Jordan Valley and, and Cyprus. And, And not only there, also the Indu Valley civilization. It's incredible iconography, which shows a man between two felines. It's, it's a very striking image. You see a man and, and two tigers or leopards on either side of him.


And he may be holding them apart. He may be gripping them in some way. What is this? So Jamie could find it, You can find it on the gal arak knife handle from Egypt. You can find it from Sabu, S A Y-B-U-R-K in Turkey. The man between two sea, two felines. And you can find it in the Indus Valley civilization right across in Pakistan on these stite seals. Seals that they used to make. Where again, you see that same icon of the man between two fe lines. Mm. And it suggests that cultural ideas way back in the remote past were being spread around the world very, very rapidly.


Anything there, Jamie? I can, I can tell you the, So how much of that area where Gobekli Tappe has been searched with Lidar? Here it is. Here's the images. Look at that. Wow. Yeah, That's, there we are. That's, that's Harpa. That's from the in valley civilization. Man, man. Between two fe lines. What Do you think that supposedly represents? Nobody Knows what it represents, but what's intriguing is that it turns up in so many different places. But I'd like to find the, say, just gimme one second. Just to find, to find something. I hope I'm online. Here I am. How many of the areas have been searched with Lidar?


Hang on, Joe, bear With me just No worries, no worries. Just one minute. This is where I have to take my bloody glasses Off. You gotta go back and forth. Yeah. You looked at, I show that Karen Py has some cool stuff that I don't Think we've seen before. Whoa. There's this huge skeletal figure. There's this one 12 feet high or something like that. Extraordinary. Kind of similar to the Easter Island heads. What's going on down there is hog. You think it is? How weird are those structures? Yeah. You know, but like, the way their hands are placed, it's kind of similar to the way the Easter island hands are placed. Jamie, could I, could I get plugged into the HHDM? I Sure.


Do you need to? Yeah. Okay. Pause please. We'll pause. We'll be right back. Good. Alright, we're back. We're back. Okay. We found these images from, so this is from Jamie. Maybe you could expand that. The, the Cy book Relief. I think you have to do it. Okay. It's on my, yeah, there we go. So, so this is, this is about 10,000 years old. It's from a site in the area of Gobekli Tepi called S Book. And it's gone. One Second, one second here. It's, and, and it's, it's clearly a man between two felines. And interestingly, he's holding his dick exactly like that piece that you just showed from Koran Tepi.


And then if we go on, I don't understand what I'm doing with this thing. There it is. So then the in valley again. Yeah. I'm controlling what's on the screen. You are. Okay. So there's the man between two fe lines. Again, expand that. So that particular image, is there any sort of a theory as to what they were trying That, what that represented? Human mastery of animals is the only one I've heard that's being suggested. Hmm. But it seems like they, they're trying to get 'em Well it does in that, in that case, rather than, or or that he's holding them.


Right. He's holding them at bay. Keeping Them from getting each other. Yeah. And then if you go down to the Egyptian one, which is the gal laic knife handle, there it is. That's remains ancient Egypt, pred Naic Egypt, same thing. Wow. And then the next one is from Tiko in Bolivia. That's a redrawing from, from Tiko in Bolivia. And again, it's a man between two fe lines. Wow. So when I see this kind of complicated image turning up all around the world, I can't help feeling that there's a remote common source, which is sharing, it's not each culture representing or influencing the other. It's a remote common source that they all share. What's the last one? From, from, where's it from again? From Anaco in Bolivia. Look, What, what do you think he's got in his hands?


Well, it looks like two felines that he's holding apart too. Right? But what are those things that are dangling down? I absolutely have no idea. And I'm not sure if anybody else does. Although I'm reminded in that one of the handbags that we, that we see in some of the figures from ancient Sumer. Right. But what is the thing on the left Again? I don't know. And I don't think anybody Does. Very true. And what are the, why does he have steps on his chest in the, in a wheel? Like what is that, You know, what are that, what is that spiral in the center of his body? It's A spiral of mystery. I honestly don't know the answer to that Question. It's so hard Because it, like, look, it's a, there's a geometric pattern, you see? And it goes up and down with the steps. Yes. And it repeats on both corners, that one where it steps up and, and the other side where it steps down.


Yeah. Very strange. It Would be nice if there were written records from, from aka, which Told sweet, told Us what it was about. But unfortunately there aren't Just very, very bizarre. So what I'm saying is we're, we're seeing a, a sudden emergence of something that is being recognized as a civilization in Turkey just immediately after Quebec tap around the time of Quebec Tappi. And we're seeing it in the Jordan Valley, and we're seeing it in the Indu Valley, and we're seeing it in South America as well. The same iconography keeps on repeating. And I don't think it's a coincidence, The area where the EC are, have there ever been lidar excavations or I wouldn't be surprised if there have Villa Hermosa.


The sort of central of the AK area is a very highly populated area. It's been heavily, heavily developed. The areas where Li Lidar has been used in Mexico and Central America and Guatemala has, has, has been finding thousands of Mayan ruins that nobody knew were there before. Again, under, under the jungle canopy. Lidar has been used extensively in the Yucatan in Mexico and into Guatemala as as well. But whether it's been used there we go Look at that. Hundreds Of, and all make ceremonial centers. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. This is all Thank you Lidar. You know, So crazy that that stuff was there all along And nobody knew. And nobody knew. Yeah. And, and, and of course the Amazon rainforest is an even bigger rainforest than this.


And what's hiding in It Is a, A mystery that needs to be solved in the coming years. Right. If we're going to have any idea of our own past, I think the Amazon's incredibly important. It's, it's why I, I chose to focus season two of Ancient Apocalypse on the Americas because I think in terms of the quest for the origins of civilization, the Americas are the most neglected area. Archeologists haven't looked there. They've, they, they define themselves as being in favor of indigenous peoples and against any kind of supremacy. But by and large, they look to Europe and, and to the Middle East as the origins of civilization, and don't consider that it might have been in the Americas.


And what we're trying to show is that the story in the Americas is much older than it's been. And that there are mysteries here that have never been explained by archeology. How much of the Amazon has been explored with lidar? A very tiny proportion. I, I worked with the team who are, who are doing this, and they're solely in the province of cra in the southwest of Brazil. And they haven't worked in other areas. What would be needed? I'm hoping some amazing philanthropists will come forward. And if such a philanthropist will come forward, I can connect him with the people who are doing the work in cra that we have a lidar survey of the whole of the Amazon. That's what I'd like to see. And it wouldn't be a billion dollar project Because it can be done with drones.


Now it could be, it, it could be relatively cost efficient. That would be incredible. Just imagine what's out there. Yeah. And that's, and we have the tech, we can do that. We can do a lidar survey of the Amazon. Where Specifically did they think that lost City of Z was? And did they try to explore that yet? Because I think it was in Ecuador or Columbia. I can't, I can't remember it. Wasn Percy ft. Wasn't it? And a kind of echo of that earlier discovery of lost cities in the Amazon. These stories won't go away because there is a hidden past in the Amazon. Right. And because there were cities in the Amazon and God knows what was in them, You know, before the Spanish came along and destroyed everything.


God, it seems like that has to be discovered. I mean, that has to be looked at just to specifically if we could just find that the lost city of Z was a real place. If we could find it was a real place. Yeah. I wish we could. I mean, just finding lost city of Z's, Cy Fce and Amazon Rainforest and British Explorer Percy Harrison faucet. Look, Mato Grosso in Brazil. Yeah. Theorized that the city was a rough of people fleeing the destruction of Atlantis. Whoa. And its wisdom could still be found there. Wow. Yeah. Wow. I think we're gonna find the lost city of X and Y as well. I bet. And w maybe A, B, C, D and possibly A, B, C and D too.


Yeah. Maybe a bunch. Yeah. Yeah. It's, at the very least, it's clear that not enough is known. Yeah. Not, not, not enough is known. And, and I think it's right and proper that we have curiosity about our past. And I think it's un it's unfortunate that, that people including myself who, who express that curiosity without any dogma, but simply are mystified by problems in the past are, are so likely to get slapped down and face this abusive power grab by, by archeology who are saying the past is ours. You may not intrude here. We will define you as a pseudo scientist.


We will call you a hoaxer and a liar. I defy anyone out there to find a single statement I've made That is a lie. And a lie is a knowing untruth. Yes. As far as I know, I have never, ever told knowingly an untruth what a stupid thing to do. Right. That would be, that would scupper my whole work. Yeah, exactly. I may have made some honest mistakes. Everybody does. Including the most God-like archeologist. But I have never knowingly told an untruth. And I never would. Of Course not. The the the interesting thing though is, but Seriously, I'd like an example because this is thrown at me so many times. You can't be responding to the haters all the time.


It's Bad for, but they include archeologists. I know. But the reality is most people aren't listening anymore. Define the untruths. I I don't think that's working anymore. 'cause I think enough people have seen your work and enough of you have heard you talk and they know that you're reasonable and intelligent. Yeah. And that there's something there. Yeah. And the more people look at these images and the more people hear people like Flint just out and out lie to try to dismiss these things. It was most unfortunate. I think he, I think he let archeology down very badly in the way that he manipulated that debate. And, and I'm sorry it's taken me so long to, to, to come back with the, with the fact checking. But it was, it was necessary to do. And I I I, I'm very grateful to a number of completely independent, separate individuals on the internet who, who have drawn attention to some of what Flint Flint did.


Yes. One calls himself illegitimate scholar and the other calls the himself debunking. Yeah. And they got into this material very, very early and helped me to understand how I'd been duped by this material because I took it, I took it all at face value At the time. Well, that's the beautiful thing about the internet. Yeah. You know, there's, there's a lot of people out there that are very invested in these ideas and exploring them, and they also find it very uncomfortable that they're being confronted by these scholars, these people that are supposed to be the ones that are the experts in this area that are dismissing things that shouldn't be dismissed, that are lying about statistics. Yeah. Just to try to diffuse your argument.


Yeah. And there's also that feeling of being, just being patronized. Yeah. By the so-called experts. Nobody wants to be patronized No. And, and, and feel that somebody else regards them as too stupid to make up their own mind on something. Right. And they think that somehow or another, that exploring these ideas dismisses the legitimate work that archeologists have already done, which I don't think it does at all. Not at all. Archeologists have done some fantastic work. Yeah. And it's really, it's really important work. What I've realized is that there's almost two different mindsets at work here. In looking at the past, I think archeology is very determined to demonstrate that it's a science, that it's a hard science, that it's completely rational. That it's all based on scientific method. And, and, and anything that sounds unscientific, which include myths must be, must be avoided.


And also, I do find that archeology, And it may be true in other sciences as well, very reluctant to use the imagination. The imagination is seen as a, as a deadly threat. Whereas I think imagination is a really important thing in interpreting the past. We, we, we should be open to possibilities rather than coming into what we confront with a closed idea. We should consider how it might have been, what might have happened. Let's use our imagination and think about this, think what all this means. Think what that common iconography all around the world means rather than just saying, oh, it's a coincidence. Well, in some places that's your only option, like the OMI culture where you like, we don't know, but we we have these faces Yeah. That don't look like Yeah. I mean it's it's, it's confusing.


They look like maybe they're from Polynesia. Yeah. Maybe they from Africa. Yeah. Could be Polynesia, could be, could be, could be Africa. And, and, and then there are these other faces, which I, in the video I've, I've put out, I've shown some of these. It's not just myths of a bearded foreigner turning up in, in the Americas, which flint, dill and other archeologists say were all concocted and invented by the, the Spaniards. We discussed that during the debate. I have a, I have a real problem with that because that is patronizing to the indigenous people. I think the myths were there amongst the indigenous people. And I think the Spaniards saw how they could use them, how they could manipulate them. But I don't think they made up the myths and somehow imposed them upon the indigenous people who then believed that they were their own myths.


I don't think they were that stupid. They knew what their myths were. Well, my, my concern with that line of thinking is that we've seen evidence of that sort of destruction of the real history of people in America with how they forced Native Americans onto reservations. Mm. Yeah. And spoke, forced them into speaking English and forced them into learning Christianity. Hmm. That we, there was a concerted effort to erase their history and their culture. Yeah. And that the conquerors imposed that on the people that were there. But this is a, this is a kind of conspiracy theory that's being proposed. That the Spanish Cortes and Piro and others who were involved in the conquest of the Americas, that they got together and they created a fiction and then they made the indigenous people believe that fiction Mm.


While accepting everything else that the indigenous people believed. It wasn a fiction. Mm. There's no document which says that Spaniards conspired to create these stories. I, I believe that when we find them in Mexico, when we find them in Peru, when we find them in Colombia, when we find them in Bolivia, we are looking at indigenous traditions. And I have no doubt that the Spanish saw those traditions and said, we can use this. We can take advantage of this. We can exploit this. But I don't think they made up the traditions. So it's possibly a myth of people that came over on ships that looked different. Yeah. Yeah. It's about that. That's about what it comes to. And when you, when you hear about things like the lost city of Z, when you hear about all the different times where European explorers did make it to the Americas and spread their diseases, like, well, you're gonna miss from those folks too.


So who's to think that there wasn't multiple versions of that that happened all throughout history. Yeah. I Suspect, I suspect if it happened in the 14 hundreds. Yeah. So it probably happened a long, long time ago as well. Yeah. The whole thing is so interesting And it never ends. And every now and again, a new discovery comes along that pushes back the date of humans in specific area. I mean, look at the Dennis Os. They only found out about them in like, what, 2010 or something like That? Very, very recently. I think Santa and I went to Denisova Cave in 2013. Crazy. Something like that. So a whole new branch Yeah. Of the pre previously unknown. Crazy. And, and, and there's so much that's unknown about our past.


Oh, I know what I wanted to bring up to you today, because I saw this online. Maybe you could find it before I could Pull it Up, Jamie. 'cause you're that good. But they, there's a, a scientist that believes there's reason to believe that those hobbit people in the island of Flores, that they exist currently. So this was, yeah, the hobbit like species of early humans may still be living in the jungles of Indonesia. Interesting theory. Yeah. And Well, that's another branch of the human chain that, when, when did they find out about this? It wasn't that long ago either. It certainly wasn't. I think you're looking around two thousands, 2010 maybe.


Very, very recent discovery. I wonder what this, the latest ish public on Tuesday Journal 2016, nature Communications fall, the 2016 discovery of Tiny Arm Bone and Teeth. There's something that they, these people are, are considering, I don't know why. Can you see, is there any article that says they consider they're, they're still alive today? That's what this, that's what this one is. But that one, sorry. Yeah. Hold on. Sorry. No, It's like a small version of Bigfoot. Yeah. This, it, this Is three, two years old. Okay. Someone sent this to me. Yeah. So why do they think that there's might still, might still roam? Well, this is just because of anecdotal stories, right.


Because there have been multiple stories that Yeah. People that live in the, the deep rainforest have said that they've encountered these. Why not little hair creatures? Why, why, why, why not? Why should, why should it be impossible? It it, it has a parallel with the Bigfoot story. Of course, a different size of creature, but maybe creatures have survived, which we think are extinct. Especially small populations of them that are very remote and very difficult to get. There. Reports of sighting by more than 30 eyewitnesses, all of whom I spoke with directly. And I conclude the best way to explain that they told me, what they told me is a non sapiens hominin has survived on Flores to the present or very recent times. Fascinating. Yeah.


I would love to hear their stories. Oh, imagine trying. Maybe AI could decipher their language. Imagine they found them, You know, how nutty it would be if they found a little three foot tall hairy human being that's still alive. Oh my goodness. Just for Clarity, he made this claim and put out a book, So it might be like, come read my book. You know? Well, it's a good thing to do if you have a grid theory. I mean, Write a book for Sure. If you, I know what you're saying though. I'm saying I know what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah. I hope it's true. Of course. Of course, of course. Because It's fun. Yeah. It's fun to hope it's true. All of it's fun. That's what I would, what I'm so grateful to the universe for and so grateful to my readers for, is that I have been given this opportunity to live a fun life.


Oh, yeah. And to travel the world and to investigate mysteries and to put across my point of view on those, on those mysteries. I couldn't do any of that if it wasn't for my readers. I've never had sponsorship. I've never sought anybody to fund me to do anything. I started out massively in debt. I've got to the place now where I can travel whenever I want and and explore places. And that's all down to my readers. It's, it's, it's not just me. It's me and my readers that are making this, this possible. And I'm enormously grateful to them. And these days, my, my viewers as well. You're very lucky, man. I was gonna say earlier when you were talking about how you've never taken a vacation, I'm like, well, you haven't, but your whole life's a vacation.


Exactly. That's why I don't see, I'm 74 years old now. I don't see myself retiring. The idea of retirement is just out of the Question. You try to retire, I'll go find you. I'm gonna go grab you, drag you out. I Love doing, give you some vitamins. I love doing what I do. Yeah. And, and I, I hope it's contributed something, something useful to the world rather than just flim flam. Oh, no, it most certainly has. Yeah. It most certainly has. You know, I first found out about you because of Fingerprints of the Gods. Yeah. And one of the things that I found most fascinating when I started going into your work was the, the idea that the arc of the covenant exists in, in Ethiopia. Yeah. That's what brought me into this field. Yeah. I, before that, I wrote all about current affairs.


That story is so nuts And it sounds so ridiculous. And people, you go, what the arc of the covenant's real. But then when you go into the history of these people that lived there, and they all suffered radiation poisoning. And it's like, wait a minute. Cataracts over their eyes. Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and let's, let's not forget that there's an indigenous population of, of Old Testament Jews in, in Ethiopia, the Feas Yeah. Who have their own story about how the arc of the covenant got there. Right. Different from the Ethiopian national Epic, which is called the Keran Nagas. The glory, the glory of Kings. That's why I got into this field. I was a current affairs guy, and Ethiopia was on my beat. And I just kept on coming across this story. And I realized it was central to Ethiopian culture.


And I, I decided to investigate it and explore it. And it led to the sign in the seal, which was published in 1992. And that's what set me on the path to Fingerprints of the Gods and everything that, that, that followed that. So who is getting the cataracts? The guardian of the ark? This is a monk who is appointed this. The place is Axo in the province of Tigray in northern Ethiopia. It's a massive, massively interesting place. Axiom has these huge granite steely, they're very similar in many ways to ancient Egyptian obelisks. They're a bit different in shape, but same sort of height. Some of them going 110 feet high cut out of cut out of solid granite right up there in the highlands of, of Ethiopia.


And then they have a, an ancient church. The Church of St. Mary Cathedral, actually of St. Mary of Zion, where the ark apparently was kept for hundreds and hundreds of years before that. It was kept elsewhere. And then now it's been moved into a chapel that stands next to St. Mary of Zion Cathedral. And that chapel is guarded by armed men. The whole town is an armed camp that is, that is protecting what they believe to be the arc of the covenant. But it's guarded, particularly by one guy who is the official guardian of the arc. And he's elected by other monks to be the guardian of the ark. And, and several of them have run away when they get that election. Because once you're elected as the guardian of the ark, when the previous one has died, you're going to be kept in that chapel forever.


You'll nev you'll never be allowed to leave it. So they're close to whatever this object is. They're close to it. And I met three of them over a succession of years. 'cause their mortality is very, once they're appointed, they die very soon. And they all had these cataracts over their eyes, and they all blamed the object in that chapel, whether or not it's the arc for, for, for causing their blindness. Wow. So it's, and No one is going in there and trying to get to the bottom of it. They won't let you, They won't let you, they, they won't, they won't let you to a certain describe them. No. It seems like so much should go look. Yeah. The hell is that? Yeah. Yeah. What's in there? I mean, if we really find out the arc of the covenant was an actual object.


Mm. I think it was an actual object. And you think it was some nuclear something or another Like It was, I don't know what it was. It, it, it, I think it's what is rightly described as an outer place artifact. Because if you look at the description in the book of Exodus, the, the very precise dimensions of it, I think in modern toes, we'd say three feet, nine inches long by two feet, three inches high and wide. It's got a layer of gold. It's got a layer of wood, it's got another layer of gold. It's very precisely specified, like a blueprint in the Book of Exodus. And then it does all this stuff. It shoots out jets of fire and kills completely innocent people. It it, it kills 50,000 Philistines in, in the city of Ashdod when they briefly capture it from the Israelites and make the mistake of treating it like a tourist object.


And they, they open the arc of the covenant and look inside, and suddenly everybody in that city is dying. And what they're dying of is cancerous tumors. This is, this is described in the, in, in, in the Old Testament. So it's, it's intriguing that this object is so precisely specified and is reported to have done these terrible things. It's just insane that we know where it is. Well, we know that Ethe, I believe Ethiopia has a very strong claim to it. But that's all I can say. 'cause I've not seen it myself. I've been right outside the door of that sanctuary chapel several times. But Did you bring a geer counter? No, that would be a good thought. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine what was going nuts Because you got close. That would be a good Thought. I mean, it's not like it's gonna be con if it's radioactive, it's not like it's gonna be contained.


Just this one small area. You're gonna have traces of it that leak out. That's True. It would Be a good way to it, especially if people are getting cataracts from being in the room with it. Yeah. And so three different people you talk to have cataracts from that. Yeah. Yeah. And they, and they all blame the arc. And, and one of them, it's a resonant phrase, which sticks in my memory. I asked him why. And he said the arc is a thing of fire. Just that. Did he describe it to you? Not he, he did describe it as a box, rather like the biblical description. Unsurprisingly. But what did he Describe what it looked like? Like the outside of it? Gold. Gold. Gold. Wow. And, and of course, gold is a very good insulator.


A a against radiation. I don't wanna go too far down this track to me. Right, right. To me, the, the, the the too speculative, the yeah. The fascinating thing is that, that Ethiopia is the only country in the world that actually claims to have the arc of the covenant. Mm. That it's central to religion and culture in Ethiopia today. That there's much to support that argument, particularly in, in the form of the fellas, the Ethiopian Jews. And they're very ancient traditions about how they got to Ethiopia in the first place. Mm. In, in context, all of that. I think Ethiopia has a very, a very good claim, very interesting claim. And that's why I wrote a book about it. That's, that one to me is just like, we know where it is. Yeah. That one, to me is so crazy that someone is keeping that information from the rest of the humans.


Yeah. Because if, if we found out the arc of the covenant was in fact a real object, and we know where it is, And it does match the description of the Bible, that kind of changes everything. Now, all of a sudden, the Bible is not just stories and myths. The Bible is some sort of a historical record. Yeah. Well, let's not forget that one of the world's best known flood myths also comes from the Bible. Right. Which is, which is the flood of Noah. Right. Which again, is part of this worldwide tradition, of which I am absolutely convinced Atlantis should be understood as a part of that worldwide tradition of a global flood and the loss of a former, former civilization. And it, again, it's one of the reasons why I've done the work I've done over these years. So when you're doing season two, what did you learn from doing season one that you applied to season two?


Was there anything different about the way you went About it? Yes, Def definitely, I have learned from the criticisms of archeologists, and one of the first things that became very clear to me, and they're absolutely right, is we need more indigenous voices in this series. And that's what we've made sure to do. We have an amazing archeologist, indigenous archeologists from Easter Island. We, we spent quite a bit of time filming in Easter Island. And it's a strong, this series doesn't do country by country episodes. It's all merged together. Different bits of the story come together in each, in each episode. But a good chunk of it is on Easter Island.


And, and there, Sonya Hoa Ali is an indigenous Easter Islander. Her married name is Ali. 'cause she married an an Italian guy. And she gave us incredible material on, on Easter Island. And she revealed that, that she and her team have found what are called banana phytoliths. Now Phytoliths are a minute part of the banana plant. They've excavated them from a crater in Easter Island. And they've found that those are 3000 years old. Now, this is interesting for two reasons. Firstly, bananas do not propagate naturally. You can't get bananas to Easter island without human beings bringing them there.


That's how, that's how they got there. And, and secondly, the date that she's found, 3000 year old banana fighter liths in Easter Island blows out of the water. The notion that Easter Island was only settled a thousand years ago or less, which is, which is the current idea of, of archeology again and again, we've had indigenous guests on the show who have brought real important information to it amongst those geoglyphs in Brazil, we had a member of the upper Rina people who, who is a caretaker for those geoglyphs. And he talked to us about what is special to him about the geoglyphs, about how this is a, a sacred place to his tribe and, and how they still gather there today.


And, and, and how they understand that is somehow connected to the journey, to the next world, to the journey of life after death. And that then rings a bell in my mind of that whole idea of a journey to the afterlife and a portal through which we pass into that other realm. We find that right there in Brazil. So if the Easter island, if the island was settled at least 3000 years ago, do, do we know where from, Well, 3000 years ago, you're still within the period of the Polynesian expansion. This is not the ice age. This is, this is more recent, right? It's, it's early in the Polynesian expansion rather than late. The eastern island was seen as, was seen as a, the, the one of the last places that the Polynesians got to this new evidence is suggesting, it may have been one of the first places that the Polynesians got to.


Mm. But the question that arises is did they find the moai already in place when they came there, even 3000 years ago? And I think there's a lot of, a lot of evidence for that. I think that this is going to make archeologists absolutely furious with me. But I hope that, that I'm paying full respect to indigenous traditions. We, we had an amazing Easter island elder who told us the tradition of the lost land of Heva. Easter Island has its own flood myth. They, they say that there was a huge land in the Pacific, far, far away called heva, and that it HIVA and that it was destroyed in a flood cataclysm.


And that there were survivors, specifically seven wise men. That's another thing that is found all around the world. It's found in ancient Sumer, it's found in ancient Egypt. It's found almost everywhere, specific seven, seven wise men who came and settled Easter Island after this great cataclysm. So it's, it's, it's great to have indigenous testimony on that. And then you have the mystery of the Easter Island script. How did that happen? How come, how come? This tiny island, which only ever had a population of a few thousand, did something that is normally only done by big civilizations, which was create a written script. But they have a script, the Easter Island script, And it's written on wooden boards. And we learned that these were the boards we see today, none of which, by the way, are in Easter Island now.


They're all in museums around the world. They themselves were copies of copies of copies of earlier wooden boards that wore out. And these things go back far into the remote past as far as the indigenous people of Easter Island are concerned. And, and to have a fully formed elaborate script, which nobody can interpret today, you have to remember the tragic history of Easter Island. There was a point where Easter Island's population was reduced to just 11 people. And it was reduced to 11 people by Peruvian slave raids. They came and slave the people of Easter Island, and they took them to work in Peru and put them elsewhere in the, in, in the Pacific. Eventually there was a movement to restore them to their homeland.


And gradually people came back. But at one point its population was reduced to 11. All the elders were wiped out, those who were the memory carriers. And so what's left now is just a hint of a memory of these things. But they, they speak with awe of these tablets, with the, with the script on it. And to me, that is a sign, again, that there's something wrong with our understanding of Easter Island. How can we, how can we explain that this tiny little place produces its own written language? Why would it even need a written language when you can walk across the island in, You know, three hours? It wouldn't need to communicate in that way. And yet it had its own script. And this script, we, what is, can we see what it Looks like? Can you find the Easter Island script, Jamie?


If, if you look up the word Rono, rgo, R-O-N-G-O, Rono rgo tablets. One of the things that's interesting about AI is that they believe that AI is gonna be able to determine or decipher rather, a bunch of different things that we currently can't Really, they're Oh, wow. It Bears That's crazy. It bears some curious, it bears some curious similarities to the in valley script, which has also not been deciphered. And let's hope AI can decipher both of them. Look at that. That's So strange. And the way it runs, the way it runs is you read from left to right along the top row, then you go from right to left along the next row, then you go from left to right along the next row and so on and so forth.


A sort of snake-like How do they know that? Because that's one of the memories that's been preserved by the Easter Islanders and because of the way they all run on. And what do they think it represents? According to Leo the Elder who we talk to in Easter Island, it contains memories of the past. It contains memories of the past in Easter Island, instructions on how to navigate information about the stars and information about how to live as a community. Wow. But in a language that we, we don't know. We don't know What it sounded like. No, nobody knows it. All we have is an oral tradition, which itself is very fragmented and very faint because of that reduction of Eastern Islands population to just 11 people.


And the fact that the elders who were within historical times able to read these tablets were all wiped out. How did they decipher Kuna Formm, Unifor, K Formm, I think because of its relationship to later languages, which were, which were known. That's, I mean, UNE Formm is a, is a writing system. You find the earliest version, I think amongst the Sumerians and then in, in later Babylonian society as well. But, but when you have a language and you have a language that it's related to that you can read, or where you have a text in two different languages, but it's the same text, then you're in a place where you can begin to translate it.


That's what the Rosetta Stone does in, in ancient Egypt, because Right. 'cause we have it in the ancient Egyptian Hali, but we also have it in Greek. And that's why suddenly the code of the ancient Egyptian hali was cracked. Mm. Because of the Rosetta stone. Well, there isn't a Rosetta Stone for the Easter Island script or for the Infa script, but I think in the case of the C form, there was something similar, some context to place it in. So the Easter Island, these enormous statues, one of the things they found in, I don't know, when they started doing this, they, they dug deeper and deeper and deeper and found out that the heads that are above the surface are just a tiny part of it. Absolutely. So do you think that it is just natural erosion that covered up everything else?


No. You think it was purposely? I I think I, I think it's, it's a very complicated issue. The, the, the issue of erosion. It's not so much erosion. It's the deposition of sediment. It's the deposition of sediment over time. Over time. And what we, what we are looking at with these Easter island heads, I was fortunate to know. There we are. And there's, I was just gonna say, I was fortunate to know to Haal, and there he is in the Blue safari suit standing at the shoulder of the, of the Easter Island Moai. And you can see that the dark bit is the bit it wasn above ground. And then they dig down and they find that it goes down 30 feet underground. This enormous thing.


And this is not as a result of, of, of, of being exposed by erosion. This is, this had to be excavated in order to reveal it. Right. And the, and the issue is on this tiny island, how much, if, if this thing is only 700 years old, which is something that archeologists often say 700 or a thousand years old, if it's only that old, how do you get 30 feet of sedimentation on this tiny island in just 700 years? It looks like a much longer period that would be required to create that depth of sedimentation. Put that image Back up again. Please. So what do, how much time do you think, I mean, has there been speculation, like if it just natural layers of sediment being dropped down, how long would it take to cover something Like that?


Well, this is, this is where I'd like to defer to the, to the work of, of Dr. Robert Shock, who's, who's a a, a brilliant expert in this field. We, we invited Robert Shock to, to join us in season two of Ancient Apocalypse. But he declined. I think that's unfortunate because I think Robert Shock has done breakthrough work on, on Easter Island, and it's Robert Shock who first, first realized that this is a problem. This, this deep burial of these statues by natural sedimentation Yeah. Is a problem. It's a chronological problem that speaks to these statues being much older than we imagined they are. W is Robert shock declining because of the criticism that he received about the temple, the fx?


I'm, I'm not sure why I, I Probably doesn't want to deal with, I've always, I've always regarded Robert as a good friend, but he and I have not spoken since 2015 on purpose. Well, I would love to speak to Robert and, and Does he try not to talk to you? And I take ev I take every opportunity to express my admiration for him. And Robert has been very brave. He's a credentialed geologist and he has stuck his neck out on the stinks. Yeah. And a lot of people want to cut his head off for, for, for doing that. And I appreciate his courage and I appreciate his openness of mind and his willingness to get into this. But I don't know, somewhere between 2013, we were still good friends. We, we traveled to Gunung Pang together in 2013.


What Year did he do the podcast? Jamie? He did our podcast. Yeah. Back in the day. Yeah. I want to say it was around 2015. 2016. Yeah, Six years ago. Six years ago. Okay. I got a date. So 20 18, 6 years ago, maybe that's why I stopped being your friend. No, I don't, I don't, I don't know why, why it is maybe I did something that offended him Sometimes. Sometimes I can be very unpleasant and can be very, very angry. You're a nice guy. Get Outta here. Well, we, we, we are, we're all nice guys, but some, we all have a dark side and sometimes, sometimes I, I am very harsh and very, I don't think I was with Robert. I don't understand what the problem is between us. He and I disagree over the cause of the younger dryers cataclysm.


Robert Shock believes that it was a, a massive solar outburst that brought this catastrophe about, and he focuses on the end of the younger dryers 11,600 years ago. I'm more of the view that the Comet Research group is Right. And that we are looking at the effect of, of largely of airburst of large commentary fragments right across the surface of the earth, which caused the, the younger dryers. But Why are they mutually exclusive? But I don't see why. No, I don't see why they're mutually exclusive. They, they, I don't see one why one has to write off the other. What we both agree on is that the younger dryers between twelve thousand eight hundred and eleven thousand six hundred years ago was an extraordinary global cataclysm. Yeah. Which changed everything, which extinguished all the megafauna of the Ice Age. We agree on that. And we agree that it likely wiped out a lost civilization of the Ice age as well.


We disagree on the mechanism, but I don't see why we shouldn't be friends for that. So Robert, if you're listening, if you're listening, please. Let's, let's, let's work together because we have, we have many common enemies and, and this, one of the problems with the alternative side is, is that there's a lot of infighting in the alternative side and everybody's scrambling for their own bit of turf. Whereas the archeological side, they're very unified in terms of attacking what they call pseudo archeology. They, they, they work as a team and, and that, that teamwork makes them very efficient. We are very inefficient on the alternative side. Well, I, I'm, I'm assuming if I, You know, I shouldn't be assuming, but I'm assuming it's the criticism.


He probably wants to keep his job and he said everything he wants to say. And I'm not sure he, I think Robert is open to, to, to doing television. The fact is, we, we invited him to come to Israel and, and to, to give his point of view and, and, and he declined. And therefore he, he, he must have a strong reason to do that. Mm. Oh, I hope he still loves you. But the I hope So too. What is, has anybody speculated about how much time it would take to cover those Easter Island statues with sediment? Thousands, thousands of years Chunks For you? Yeah. Thousands of thousands of Years. Yeah. 30 feet of dirt. Remember, it's a small island. Right? It's in the middle of Pacific Ocean. Right. It's 2000 miles from Tahiti and 2000 miles from the coast of Peru.


It Just seems strange that there's so many of those statues in this one area too. Like what, what did that island signify? Like why did they do it wasn? Well, it's what it calls itself te pit or te haua, the naval of the earth. Ooh. It calls itself the naval of the earth. And it's not the only place. Delphi in Greece calls itself the navel of the earth. Heliopolis in Egypt close to Giza, was a naval of the earth. Ancor what in Cambodia is a naval of the earth. Gobekli tepi means the naval, the hill of the navel. These, these, this notion of navels of the earth. I think it's connected to an ancient geodetic survey of the earth. That there were certain anchor points that lines of longitude were drawn from by a civilization that didn't have our tech, didn't have our iPhones, but did explore the world, did sail the oceans.


And I'm not surprised that we haven't found their ships since. We haven't found the ships from those who sailed to Australia or for those who sailed right to, to cypress either. But it had, it had abilities that we do not attribute to period of that time. And those abilities included the ability to calculate longitude. Something that our civilization didn't crack until the 18th century. And, and I suggest it's only a theory that these multiple navels of the earth around the world were fixed points on the earth where longitude connections were made. They were established places. So I do not think it's an accident that ancor what is 72 degrees of longitude east of Giza, because that number 72 occurs in ancient myths all around the world and is strongly connected to this phenomenon called precession of the equinoxes.


Which first of all, it changes the pole star at the moment. Our, the earth wobbles on its axis, but it's a very slow wobble. Over 26,000 years, it changes the Polestar. Now it's Polaris. In the past it was ban. In the past it was Draco. But, but, but now it's, now it's Polaris because the extended north pole of the earth is spiraling in the heavens and it's pointing at different bits of space over a roughly 26,000 year period. 25,920 years, to be exact one degree of procession takes 72 years to unfold. That's why the fact that the relationship of the Great pyramid to the earth being on the scale of one to 43,200 is interesting.


If it was on the scale of one to 57,000, I couldn't care less. But 43,200 is one of those numbers that we find in mythology and traditions all around the world. And, and there's very solid scholarly backing for this in, in a book I've mentioned to you before, which is called Hamlet's Mill by Giorgio DeSana and Hearth of Vande. And Georgia was professor of history of science at MIT. They draw attention to this, that there appears to have been a very ancient knowledge of this obscure, astronomical phenomenon, which our culture attributes to the Greeks and thinks only goes back a couple of thousand years. Mm. Santana and Vandeen were of the view that it goes back to what they called some almost unbelievable ancestor civilization of the remote past.


How could they even know that it wasn happening? Like by what method could they make those calculations? That there is wobbles on X axis every 26,000 years. Like How you, you have to pass, you have to observe for more than one human lifetime. You've got to, you've gotta keep observing and Then extrapolate the wobble. Well, you may have to, you may, you may have to observe for hundreds of years in order to conclude that it's a wobble is another thing. But to conclude that the, the skies are changing at a regular fixed rate Mm. That's gonna take observation over a few hundred years. 72 years is, is one human lifetime. In that 72 years, the, the processional shift would be the equivalent of the width of your finger held up to the horizon.


Mm. Very hard to note. But if you extend it for several hundred years, it'll be very clear that something is going on. And what's and what's going on is the constellation that rises behind the sun, particularly notable at key moments of the year, the summer and winter solstice and the spring and Autum equinox and, and the age in which we live as anybody. Of course, astrology is another one of those things that archeologists despise. Yeah. But as anybody who follows astrology will, will know. We live in the dawning of the age of Aquarius. And, and that's because the sun on the spring Equinox is within the next 150 years, is going to move entirely out of Pisces where it sits at the moment and is going to move into Aquarius, the age of Pisces with Pisces housing the sun on the spring.


Equinox began around the time of Christ about just over 2000 years ago. And, and before that it was the age of Aries. We have all this ram symbolism in ancient Egypt at that time. Before that it was the age of Taurus, constellation of Taurus housing the sun. All of this is a process that unfolds at the rate of one degree every 72 years. So when I find that the great pyramid models the earth on a scale of one to 43,200, which is 72 times 600, I wake up. And I think this is interesting. And when I find that anor one naval of the earth is separated from Giza, another naval of the earth by 72 degrees of longitude, that rings another bell. And I think that's something curious and worthy of exploration.


I think we also, when we talk about ancient people studying the sky, we, we think of the sky today. And our sky, unfortunately is burdened by light pollution almost everywhere. Anywhere there's civilization, it's very difficult to see the stars very difficult. Whereas they had none of that. And they were in constant awe of this thing that they could see every night. And they probably had a very detailed understanding of where everything was. You know, in a way that you're Far more detailed than most people have today. Right. Because we, we don't have access to it unless you're in like deep, You know, deep wilderness and with a clear night sky, we can really see it. The Presence of the sky in our lives if we are living in a city is close to zero.


Yeah. It's not zero, but it's close to Zero. Bizarre. Yeah. It's a bizarre detachment that is propagated by technology. Oh yeah. Very, very much so. Very weird. Right. 'cause it's actually dangerous for us. Yeah. Because I think it makes us disconnected from the idea that we're connected totally to the universe in that that feeling of awe that you get when you see a completely star filled night. I, I've talked about this before, but I'll, I'll say it again. I was in the, the observatory in the big island Hawaii. And when you go up to the Kek observatory the sky, you go through the clouds. And when you get up to the top and you look, you can't believe that you could see it.


You can't believe I've been there three, four times. Only once did we really catch it. The last time was pretty good. But one time we caught it perfectly where there was no moon in the sky and the sky was completely clear And it was astounding. Astounding. Yeah. You feel like it's a windshield and you are on a spaceship and you're flying through deep space. You see stars everywhere. It's a beautiful way to put it. That's exactly what we Are. We're in a convertible. Yeah. We're in a convertible spaceship flying through the universe. That's really what it is. And you don't see it every day because of light pollution. And I think it's one of the most, it's one of the saddest things about our culture. It's incredible that you can go out at night and you could see and You know, drive and go to your favorite restaurant and go to the movies and all kinds of nice stuff.


But what's what we're trading off is literally our connection to this insanely beautiful thing. Yeah. That hypnotizes you with its awe. It just, you look at this, if you get to go camping on a night where you see everything Yeah. It's, it's incredible. It's one of the greatest things you could ever see. Yeah. And I agree. And it used to be there for everybody, And it used to be how they lived their life. It was an ever present reality. Yeah. It was impossible to avoid it. And, and, and that is why it's so crazy to say that that phenomenon like procession wasn't discovered until the Greeks about 2,200 years ago. Because the ancients were living with those skies for thousands and thousands of years before. And they were paying very close attention to them.


There, there's, there's strong evidence that the, the constellations of the zodiac were, were not inventions of the Greek Greeks either. I mean, in a sense the constellations aren't inventions because they, they happen to be on the path of the sun. The zodiac are the constellations which roughly are in the place in the sky that the sun occupies through, through the course of the year. That's why we, we see them. But, but there's, there's increasing evidence that the, the Greeks inherited that and that the knowledge was very early. And it may well go back into the upper Paleolithic. There's this incredible figure of Taurus in the Hall of Bulls at LaSow Cave in France, one of those cave paintings, which shows the stars of the play des above the shoulder of the bull exactly where they should be.


Mm. What what is the oldest version of astrology that we have? Well, again, you, You know, you have the official position on this and you have, you have the unofficial position. What's The official position? Well, the official position is that, that it, it's something that developed during the time of the late Mesopotamians and the Greeks. This, this notion that somehow there was a connection between the, the, the sky events in the sky and, and, and what happens to us. But I think it's much older than that. I think it's, I think the, the i the idea that the sky in some way determines our destinies is a very ancient idea, not a, not a recent idea.


And, And it kind of makes sense. I mean, it's weird to think this, I don't mean to be selfish to the human race, but we would not be here. No human beings would be here if it were not for that whole vast universe out there. It's, it, it would be wrong to say that the universe exists so that we can be right. But, but the fact is, we would not be, we are, we are, we are part of that huge cosmos. And you are right. It's, it's forgetting that we are part of the cosmos or, or regarding the cosmos as something that we must conquer. Mm. Which is the modern mindset, which is, which is most unhelpful. Yeah. It's, I've always been fascinated by astrology. Not like the newspaper astrology, like you're a cancer, so that means this.


Like Yeah. But the idea that the time you were born, the place on earth you were born, the where you were conceived, did all these play a factor in your personality and that this was somehow or another mapped out Yeah. By people thousands and thousands of years ago. It, I know a lot, a lot of people like to dismiss it as myth. And I've been one of those people. But part of me wonders if there is some sort of an impact that, look, we know that the gravity from the moon affects the tides. We know that we are mostly water. We know that there's some sort of an effect that planets and gravity and stars must have on the entirety of the universe.


Yeah. There. And the idea that these very bizarre biological entities, that their personalities and their existences in some way motivated, shaped, or at least influenced by the position in the stars in which they were born is very interesting. Oh yeah. 'cause people studied that shit for a long time. If it was, there was nothing to it, why would they, why, why have so many generations of people studied it? I think it's A good question. And what was the root of it? Like how the hell did they figure that out? Well, it must come from a place where we feel connected to the universe. Yeah. And we feel that the universe influences us directly. Right. Not the way we look at it at the moment as sort of something out there that doesn't mean much to us, except that we're gonna conquer it with spaceships.


Right. You know, and, and go to the moon and go to planets and things like that. But, but to see it as an ever present reality, we understand that we're affected by the climate on planet earth. We understand we're affected by the weather, by the oceans, by the winds. We, they have, they affect us, they affect our personalities. So why shouldn't we be affected by the broader universe that, that, that surrounds us. Yeah. And it, it does make sense, but I've never heard anybody explain it. Have you ever talked to like a legitimate air quotes astrologer? No, I haven't. It's not, it's not been a, a central focus for me. My, my my central focus has more been on the evidence for really precise ancient astronomy, particularly amongst the ancient Egyptians, but also fantastically advanced amongst the MAA in Mexico as, as, as well.


And we have a big focus on the MAA in season two of Ancient Apocalypse. And I, I had was fortunate, blessed to have a brilliant archeologist, ed Barnhart who joined me there in Palenque. And he's not sneering at me. He doesn't agree with everything I say. He is very clear on that. But he's not sneering at me. And he feel, he feels that there's something useful being contributed by this, this Approach. And so is it generally agreed that the, there is a connection between the, the methods or the, the the design of the construction and the correlation between star systems? I don't follow the question quite Is there, is it agreed by archeologists that the reason why these things are constructed in a very specific direction and in a very specific design, that it is mirroring the cosmos?


I think that archeologists are very reluctant to accept the broader idea. They are willing, they can hardly deny that some structures are specifically aligned to the equinox rising point of the sun. In other words, due east and other structures are aligned to the rising or the setting of the sun on the summer or the winter solstice that cannot be denied. Serpent Mound in Ohio is a classic example of that, which is, which is oriented precisely to the setting sun on the winter solstice. But the, the, the broader idea that, for example, positions of stars in the sky might be replicated on the ground, that's an idea that archeology completely rejects.


And that's where I would like to pay tribute to my dear friend Robert Bval, who's been very ill for the last many years. But Robert Bval brought us the Orion correlation and my God did archeology descend upon him like a ton of bricks for just noticing that the three great pyramids of Giza are laid out on the ground in the pattern of the three stars of Orion's Belt. And then when we work procession into the equation, we find that they're not laid out in the pattern of Orion's belt as it looked in 2,500 BC when the pyramids are supposed to have been built. They're laid out in the pattern of Orion's belt in 10,500 BC 12 and a half thousand years ago. So it's like a marker on the Giza Plateau speaking to that age, just as pillar 43 at Quebec.


Tepi speaks to that age when in, in the astronomical diagram on that, on That pillar, which also means that there would've been aligned 35,000 years ago as well. Yeah, it that's right. Because it's a cycle. Yeah. It go, it goes back then The, the Spinx is another one of those, right? Yeah. The Spinx is another one. The, the Sphinx aligned with it. It was looking at the rising Sun and behind it, the constellation of Leo 12 and a half thousand years ago. But if you go back 25, 20 6,000 years before that, you'll find the same alignment occurring. It it's a cycle. It's not a one-off event. It it's a cycle that recurs every 26,000 years. It's a mindblower. It's a mindblower. And that's why John Anthony West, who I'm so glad you had him on your show before, had him On a couple times Yeah.


Before he passed. He, he was such a genius and such a, such a funny guy. He cool. I recommend that to everybody. That magical Egypt, the 2D VD series Yeah. That he had. They were amazing. Yeah, absolutely. My wife hated them because I was watching em still watch, he watched this Egypt thing again, I couldn't stop. Yeah. I probably watched it 30 times. He was an absolute genius. And, and, and John was of the view that the Sphinx is more than 30,000 years old. Yes. Rather, rather than just 12 and a half thousand years Old. Well, that's what aligned so interestingly with Robert Shocks analysis of the water erosion, that this is thousands of years of rainfall. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's the really important matter that Robert Shock has brought to the table, which no other person has dared to do.


Now, John Anthony West started that process. He, he was aware of a problem in the weathering of the Sphinx, but he wasn't quite sure what the problem was. He, he was following up some writings by a scholar called Schwa Ubic back in the 1920s or 1930s who said something about water weathering on the Sphinx. And so John brought Robert shock there to Giza and Robert Shock immediately recognized the weathering patterns on the Sphinx as the result of heavy rainfall exposure, exposure to heavy rainfall for thousands of years. And you have to go back to the younger dryers to get that kind of heavy rainfall in Giza. Hence the notion that the, that the Sphinx geologically, whatever else we may say about it, is 12,000 plus years old.


And it was courageous of Robert to do that. He put his own career in jeopardy, just like anybody who sticks their neck out in this field, does he put his own career in jeopardy by standing up for a much older sphinx. And I, I just hugely respect him for doing that. I also thought it was really fascinating that he showed images, cropped images of this water erosion to other geologists, and they all agreed it was water erosion until they figured out where it was. There you go. And they were like, I'm not signing off on that. That's, That's right. That's right. Because It's just too controversial. Yeah. They circle the wagons at a certain point and keep go After your career. Yeah. Yeah. Most Unfortunately. Well, we are very fortunate you're out there buddy. Thank you. We really are. Thank you. And I love your show. I love you.


You're always fun to talk to. Can I say appreciate You very Much? A couple of things about the show. Sure. Please, First of all, thank you to the viewers of season one of Ancient Apocalypse, and I hope you'll enjoy season two. I I hope we're bringing really important new information to the table and a special request. If you do Like It, please give it a thumbs up on Netflix. Season two is all about the Americas. Secondly, I will be doing a speaking event in the us. It'll be the only speaking event that I do in 2025. And that's going to be in Sedona 19th and 20th of April, 2025.


That's a good place for it. All those freaks. Yeah. 19th and 20th of April, 2025. And it's gonna be called the Fight for the Past, because I believe that's what's, that's, that's what's going on here. So I hope that people will enjoy the show and, and express that enjoyment. That would be really, really helpful. I know they Will. I Know they will. And the last, the final thing I want to say is thank you to Keanu Rees. Thank you to Keanu Rees for joining me on the show. Keanu reached out to me some years ago because he's making this incredible comic book series called Berserker, B-R-Z-R-K-R, about an immortal warrior who's born 80,000 years ago, but has the power of a God and cannot be killed.


And back, I think in at least two years ago, Keanu reached out to me for some, some advice, some historical advice on where in the world could such an individual have, have been born 80,000 years ago. And we talked about that and we exchanged emails and then we had some, some nice zoom conversations together. Oh, that's Cool. And, and, and I sense that this is a, this is a very open-minded, very curious, very interesting person. So when we were doing, doing season two, I, I did ask him, would you, would, would, would you join me and speak about this and, and speak about your curiosity of the past? And, and he knew what he was up against actually, just before Keanu and I spent a day together filming for, for season two, Aven Apocalypse.


He'd watched the debate between me and Flint Dibble. He knew what he was facing getting, getting into this, but he had, again, the courage and the integrity to stand up, to stand by me in that story. And I'm enormously grateful to him for doing that. And I found along the way, I suspected it when we knew each other just by zoom and by email. I found along the way, what an incredible gentleman Keanu Reeves is, how kindhearted he is, how humble he is, how he turned up for the shoot, carrying his own baggage. He, he, he, he's just a gem of a human being and he, he radiates kindness and decency and care and love towards others.


And I feel privileged to have had the opportunity to get to know him. And I hope our paths will continue to cross in the future. That's awesome. Above all, I'm grateful to him. Shout out to Keanu. He seems like an awesome guy. He's An awesome guy. He's, everything that people say about Keanu is right. He's beautiful. He's a great man. There he is. There's two of you together. Yep. Yep. Alright, Graham, it's always a pleasure. Thank you sir. Appreciate you very Much. Thanks Joe. Thanks for having me back on the show.