
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Hey, What's up Luke? Good. This has been, thank this has been a long time in the making. Well, I need to thank you for taking care of my family when the kids hear your show. Well, I hope they had a great time. They Had a fucking fantastic time. But it was also, my daughter was like freaked out 'cause she was going to the show. She didn't know if she was gonna get to meet you and her friend didn't know they were gonna get to meet you either. So, So we, we were able to keep that a a keep that a good little, good little, good little secret to 'em. So, yeah, it was cool. They had the best time. They, they came back beaming, so Thank you.


Well, Vegas, You know it Wasn wrapping up Vegas, so Yeah, we, it wasn a, it wasn a a fun two years of of residency there. Did you Do two years there? I did, yeah, I did two years, 26 shows per year. Dude, man, like Vegas will take a little piece of your soul. Well, here, Just a little tiny piece every Day. Well, the thing about it is like all of that, get to Vegas and like, You know, you run to the craps table or blackjack table your whole life. Getting to Vegas, dude, I got all that I could, I'm like, I get to Vegas, I'm like, man, let's just sit in the room, watch little sports.


And I got, got the gambling out of the system. Well, That's good. Did you used to, did you used to gamble a lot? You know, I've always been, I've never been a sports gambler. Ne my dad, my, but my dad raised me to kind of be a poker player kind of kid. He was a, like a, I mean, I used to joke, if my dad didn't play poker, we'd have never had Santa Claus. You know, he, I mean he was, I mean he was just a crazy little poker player and like a little pool hustler. And then, and then, Oh, so he was all in. He was all In. Well, so one of my dad's fa one of my dad's famous quotes is, so we, we, we, he flies me out to Vegas when I'm 21 or whatever.


And man, I had like, we were in college and I had took like three, three or 400 bucks with me, You know, just broke as shit. And two hours into the trip, lose my money. And, You know, this was like, well, where we were still had truck phones, You know, I'm not even sure we were like toting. No, we certainly didn't have like the Motorola razor where he could just call me. So he just goes looking for him and he calls my hotel room and I'm, he's like, boy, what you doing? He's real joy. Real southern Georgia. I said, I done lost all my damn money. And hell, hell with this place. He goes, well you ain't gonna win it back in the goddamn room.


So, I mean, once you have that, That mindset, that Mindset in gambling, certainly, I mean, when that's your dad going. And so that's been a famous saying when my buddies, You know, when they're, when they're down and out, down two or three grand and they're pouting over the bar, You know, you're not gonna win it back at the goddamn bar. So, but I did, I went through phases where, You know, I, I never really got financially behind when I didn't have money. I would just, I, I controlled it pretty well and I, I did my two years out there. I never really had any big beats or anything like that. But I do love to just, man, I love to just sit there, have a drink, have a cigar, and watch d and cards.


'cause you're just not, you're just sitting there and your mind's checked out. Right? It's like no different than, You know, going to the driving range and hitting golf balls or sitting on the bank fishing or sitting in a deer stand. So. Right. It's been, but I got out of there. I got all my gambling, at least for now outta my system. But it was great to meet your kids there and I really appreciate it. Yeah, they, they really enjoyed it. And like I said, they were just un they were blown away meeting you. They're like, Well it was a fun show because we got to really do a lot of bells and whistles out there that aren't available on normal shows when you're, You know, out touring and stuff because you're having to take down stuff, be real mobile out there.


We pull, put a lot of stuff in the room and Well that's nice that the, that's one good thing about the residency. You know, you going back to the same spot over and over and over again. Right. And we had our routine. I mean, I have my, my room and, You know, about six 30. I'd hop in the shower, run down there and get on stage about eight 30 and knock it out. And 10 30 somewhere at the craps table. I'm, I'm lucky I don't gamble. I don't do it. You never got into sports? Nope, nope, nope. I mean, I used to bet on fights back in the early days of the UFCI used to bet on fights and they, one day they made it illegal. But I already stopped doing it 'cause I was like, this is probably not a good thing for me to be betting on things I'm commentating on. 'cause I can't affect the outcome.


Right. But like, sometimes it's Still quite close. I also sometimes know some shit. You know, this has been a bunch of times. So one of my business partners, I, I would just, I would tell him to what to bet on. And we were at like 84% at one time. Wow. It was crazy. Yeah. Wow. For like six or seven fights in a row. Six or seven fight cards in a row. We were about 84%. 'cause every now and then they would have these guys that were coming in from Japan or from Russia and the, the odds makers didn't know who these guys were. And I was like, oh, Jesus Christ bet House. And you Yeah. You already Oh Yeah. I knew those Guys studying them for Yeah. You had Years. So I knew, I knew everything about these guys. I'm like, Jesus Christ. Bet the fucking house. Lay, lay up.


Yeah, there Was a few, like when Anderson Silva came into the UFC I was like, Bet The house. Bet the house on the Brazilian. Oh, love it. Whatever you got, I go throw it all at this guy. You can't fucking lose. Because when he came into the UFC, he was like in his prime. And I got to see him evolve in Japan and then later on in England. And so when he, when he came in the UFC, I think he was a favorite over this guy. Chris Leman was a really tough guy, but I was like, whatever the, whatever the odds are, fucking throw it all at that guy. I Bet y'all were you, were you betting with him too at that time? Were you No, I was betting I'd already stopped. Yeah. I was like, I could get in trouble. I don't Don't, don't even get, get any trouble now either. Don't lose the gig. Well, Now, now the UFC made a law And it was real recent like two years ago, up until like two years ago, all staff, anyone could bet now no one can bet.


Really? Yeah. 'cause there was a scandal. One of the trainers apparently was involved, allegedly was involved, knew, knew about an injury. Yeah. And then it turned out there's probably some other bets that are a little shady that perhaps allegedly people were involved.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin. And it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health and a good place to start. It's to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks us based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals. With LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply


with. So they're like, okay, we gotta put a stop to this, which is too bad. 'cause it was fucking, it's nice to know if I was unscrupulous. I I had a little, So I went my whole life. No sports betting through college. I mean my, I through college, I'd walk in and my buddies back then, they'd spliced seven, eight TVs together. And their, they got all their, they got all their notes and, and I'm like, That's, I'm dude. No wonder you're fucking, you got all D's and your, you're, you're about to get shipped outta college. But I, I survived all that. And me and a buddy, we started picking two games a week and we would load up.


And this was, this was like six years ago, five years ago. So I would load up like 20 grand a game. Ooh. And, but I, I was strict and I, and I, I had my deal And it just, we'd like bet I mean, just take Alabama and the points in the first half, you do that most of the year. I mean, it was 80%. So we did well. And then my buddy moved away from me and we quit talking about it. And I just, then I went rogue for like two years. I was betting like Utah State, it, it, You know, the West Coast game. Midnight just throwing bets in.


And I was like, man, I'm out. So I Stopped. But Did you see uncut gems? Yes. Dude, that movie tripped You. So much Anxiety. That movie tripped me out. I think it tripped everybody out there. What a great movie. Especially if you've dipped your toe into that world of like chasing that money. But now, and I've got buddies that do parlays and like, I'm not even sure I even understand the inner workings of parlays now. Still, I mean, and teasers and all that. Right, right. And You know, I'm, I'm so removed from that level of, or like, let You know, so-and-so's doing four late, gonna get four layups at the half.


And man that that'll, that's, that's opening up Pandora's box there. So It is, and you gotta think there's people that are involved, like there's been scandals of referees were involved, or referees were making calls they shouldn't have made. Maybe calling fouls they shouldn't have called. And people getting paid. There's so much money being thrown around and You know, the average referee, what do they make? You know? Hey dude. So I saw you at the, I'm a giant Georgia fan and I saw you obviously on the sideline on Saturday and just man some of those calls. Yeah. There was some bad calls. It started getting weird. We actually left after the first quarter and went to see Eminem. Oh, did we had an epic day.


We saw a first quarter of UT Georgia. Yeah. And then Jetted and went to Eminem at the racetrack M at the Formula One. Yeah. Eminem played in front of like 150,000 people. Wow. It was fucking Wild. I mean, what a weekend for Austin too. I mean, damn. Because I had buddies, I had buddies that were like, why are you not coming? And I'm like, man, I've had to be me all year. And it's like, the weather's chilly in Nashville. My boys want to go deer hunting, I'm going to take 'em deer hunting, sit on my back patio and scream at the tv. And, but you, it got a little dicey there on the back. I I was like, oh, it was weird. Yeah. Well, just the energy, there's so much, so much anticipation for a game.


Like, it Wasn crazy. You can't replicate it. You can't replicate it in any other, in any other, I guess those big global Brazil versus soccer matches. Yeah. Argentina or whatever. Or We had some friends from England who had never been to an American football game Before. What was their take on it? They Were blown away. They're like, oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. This is madness. I'm like, this is Texas football. It's so fun though. They get serious Here. It's crazy. I gotta shoot the cannon. Boom. Did you shoot it through the Georgia shirt? That one? Yeah. Yeah. Oh gosh. Oh, maybe I gave you bad luck. You Hurt my heart. No, maybe it was bad luck because they lost.


Maybe it was, maybe it's a fucking rude thing to do. Oh, We, yeah man. It was, it was a, it was a good win for George. And like I said, both those programs are just so incredible. Incredible. So It's when you are watching it behind the scenes, You know, watching how much organization there is and it's, it's incredibly complex. And, and through the years, Kirby and I have gotten to be pretty good buddies. You Kirby can't be buddies with anybody because that job requires, I've never seen a a, a requirement of a job more than being a college. It's probably like being a president. It's, It is.


And, and, and So I don't text Kirby during the season, really. I I know he and man, just watching what those guys go through trying to manage these big programs like that. I mean, and when they're not coaching, I mean, dude, they are politicking. Yeah. I mean, they gotta go to the stake supper for this, for this touchdown club here, You know? So man, It is a, it's a wild ride what those dudes go through. And when you think about gambling with calls, like bad calls, that has gotta be, imagine all your money's on the line and you see some horrendous call and you fucking See. I'm out of that. And I, I, I didn't really get into that heavily even when I was betting regular games.


But man, it's, it's, it's freedom man. I just watch the games with freedom and I don't, I don't get in, You know, I'm good friends with Dana White and Dana's a, he's a real degenerate, like a heart. I love how big that's the best way to describe. Oh, he'll describe it that way. Oh yeah. I get it From him. They most like your big horse racing guys. They all, their adjective of themselves is I'm a degenerate. That's the first thing they say. Well, Jamie And I, Jamie and I went to visit, we went with Shane Gillis and a bunch of other guys who went to visit Dana while he was gambling. When we got there, he was down $600,000. And I was like, what is happening here? I heard him say he learned how to play back rap Because you can bet more like you can bet like 500 K again or something, or it's crazy like that.


That's so crazy. I could, I, I was getting anxiety just sitting there watching. And so then, then Taylor Juan came over and Dana and Taylor have this deal where Dana teaches Taylor what to gamble and how to do it. They're down $120,000 in what, five minutes? Five minutes. Five minutes are down. 120 grand. And I'm just sitting there going, what the fuck, man, look, Dana's rich as shit. Obviously I know Taylor is wealthy, but there's like a level where you could lose $125,000 is $125,000. Well, Yeah, I mean I've learned kind like if you're betting a thousand a hand, you can get down 50 Yeah. Like in quick.


But when you transition to that 30, 40, 50,000 a hand, you'll be down a million or a million or two. Yeah. And I, I say, 'cause I've watched some other buddies that bet on that level. I'm talking about like 15 hand swing is a $800,000 swing. And I'm like, but that's the scary part about gambling. When you start, when you don't have much money and you grow into some money, but your, your level of what you want to press, your, your anxiety level and your endorphins and all that, it grows with your, your wealth. And then next thing You know, you're Well, that's the only way they get their fixed too.


They can't play $20 a hand. Yeah. Right. That goes away. Right, right. It's like, right. Well it's like the whole, You know, it's, there's a lot in society that, You know, I think we're preyed upon with those, with that thought process gambling and, and a lot of Other dopamine hits, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and then once one level of the dopamine levels out, then you go to the next one. Yeah. It's, it's hard to watch. Like forget about doing it. It's hard to watch. Like I don't, I don't get it. I'm glad I don't Do it. Well, I can say that, that I've always have fun with it. I mean, I, I've always had fun gambling and, and a lot of times I take my band after we get off stage and we'd have one band night and I'd like set 'em all up with some chips and, and I've gotten at a crap table where I can kind of manage everybody's bets and I'm like, don't do that now.


Wait, wait. And it's kinda like the, You know, steer steering, the mothership and we, we had some great nights, You know, just laughing and cutting up and, You know, cheering, You know, You know, like I said, one guy wa walks up and everybody rubs his head for good. You know, it's just, it's just, if you comradery, You know, at the, at the craps table, I i, I gambled so much at the craps table my last night. They let my craps team that dealt me all the craps come on stage and we're celebrating the cat. I'm out there like I'm playing and I look at my, You know, 'cause they work in teams, You know, they all and my team comes out on stage and dude, I was roaring laughing.


I'm like, yeah. So that's Hilarious. Look, I know people have a problem with gambling. I think it should be legal, but it can get away from you. Yeah. Well, But that's like a lot of things in this world. Alcohol Yeah. There's a lot of things that can get away from you. Yeah. It doesn't mean it should be illegal. Right. Well Lord, It's just weird. It's only legal in a few states. I think that's expanding now. And then I remember when online gambling was illegal. Oh yeah. And then Wasn't that long ago, the early days of the UFC online gambling was illegal. And then my, You know, in, 'cause we're obviously southeastern Tennessee Bible belt and I, I, I don't know, but there's, there's certain states, I guess Tennessee is a legal gambling state 'cause or maybe Georgia.


I can't tell. I have to, I have to talk to my nephews, all of his buddies and see if they're on the little apps. But man, they'll go sign their buddies up to get the $200 free. I mean they got all kind of little racket. Yeah. Well, and then also people would go to Indian reservations. It wasn the big thing. Right. Then you gotta, which Is also crazy. You gotta, The gambling's illegal the re you gotta pay the Indian reservation tax. Right. You know, you gotta pay your 50 cent to do the dollar bet. Yeah. Do that math. Yeah. And you only have to be like a small percentage Native American to get a piece of that. So there's a lot of millionaires just hanging around that casino just enjoying it. But if you got a place like in Connecticut, like Oh, Mohegan and all that.


Yeah. They're great places. So, You know, typically on my way kinda the Mohegan, I'd go play there a couple years or I, one night I did three nights there and dude, I'm like getting off stage, just sitting there gambling and You know, I'm like, am I coming out ahead on this gig or what? But I think I got out there making a little money. Yeah. It's, it's weird though that you could do that legally. Like how it's, well Then even like in Tennessee and Tunica back in the day, you just put a barge on the Mississippi River. Right. And you can gamble. Yeah. It's like, well what is that all about? I mean Right. That's that show Ozark, Right? Yeah. Yeah. It's all well, totally the same premise. You know, it's like, put a barge on the river and now let's take all these people's money.


Yeah. My buddy Johnny, he used to, he was a pool hustler. He used to call people riverboat gamblers when guys would just Gopuff and, You know, a guy was a gambling addict. You just trick 'em into a game and he's like, guys a riverboat gambler Or Yeah, that's the two analogies. Degenerate or riverboat gambler. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Be be be careful of all them. So it's just Always been funny to me that like Native American reservations are essentially a country inside the country and they can do whatever the fuck they want. Like I was just reading about this Colorado wolf deal, You know, where they've relocated wolves to, to Colorado and the Native American reservation. Let them know the moment those wolves get onto our land, we're flying over in helicopters and gunning them down.


I was, i i I elk hunt every year in Colorado. And, and is that where you've done I've done Colorado most of the years. I go to Utah. Yeah. Well first of all, cam Haynes and I, You know, we, we've got a connection with Cam and just love that guy. But yeah, we, so when I saw Colorado do that, I was like, it's just like, what, what are we doing guys? Well, Whenever you have biology that's getting voted on by people who don't understand it, it should be decided by wildlife biologists. That's it. That's the only people that should decide whether or not things like that happen. Well, we can really dive into this and let's do it. Sure. Yeah. My thing is, we are so governed in the world of wildlife biology through the states and stuff.


They're not gonna let animals, they're not gonna let humans ruin animal populations I don't think anymore. No, of course if anything's gonna happen, they're gonna mess it up and let animal populations get too big. Right. I was, I was, and I don't know if I, I don't know who to name or whatever, but I was with some guys with Wyoming and You know, we're talking about grizzly bears and I said, man, You know, 'cause they, they brought up, You know, grizzly bear problems and I said, well what, what, what is the deal? And they said, well there's 1500 or 14 to 1500 grizzly bears in Wyoming.


There needs to be five to 600 and and five of the 1500 are only hunting humans. Like what have totally have. Totally. But there's not that many human deaths. Well you've bet in Yellowstone, you've, if you pay attention, there's about two or three that get that Get right. But those 500 grizzly bears that are just hundred humans. No, 5 0 5 5. Not 500. So there's five Grizzly bears. Bears, there's five. Right. There's like confused. There's like five grizz. Sorry I'm you, this probably won't be the first time. I am not totally clear with you. But yeah, so there's, there's fif four to 1400 to 1500.


There needs to be 500 to 600 grizzlies. And but of the, of those five to six o of the, all of 'em, five of 'em are have like, oh, we don't, we don't care about salmon anymore. We want to sit by this trail and pick off this hiker Jesus Christ. And that is Christ. That is, that is a high up biologist in Wyoming telling me that. And I'm like, well why won't they let y'all go in there? Let some hunters think about the, the, you can do the math chart. Do a $30,000 grizzly bear tag. Do a $20,000 one. They'll go for that. Yeah, for sure. Go in and let it manage it. Right. But there's one federal judge that's got it all shut down.


One judge can. That's so crazy. My friend when moose hunting said he saw no moose and he saw 12 grizzlies in Wyoming. I went on a bear hunt in Alberta and there's so many grizzlies now you can't even go. It was through Cam's people, John and Jen. Yeah. Yeah. They've, I saw them recently and they've had to move like Yeah, They move areas. Yeah. They have abandoned areas 'cause they're overrun with grizzlies. They sent me some trail camp pics that are terrifying. Like little school buses. They look like school buses like the size of these fucking Grizzlies. What did you, did you, was it you it wasn talking about we were, they were trying to determine a male grizzly versus a male gorilla and who would win? Did we ever, was he, I think I'm on team grizzly.


Me too. Because They eat things and kill things every day. Gorillas just, they, they fight. They just like, they puff their chest out. They mostly eat grass. Well, but when you think about 30, $40,000 per grizzly and then the, the guiding fee. Yeah. And then the taxidermy. Yeah. Think about the taxidermist and Then the pitman Roberts people need to understand all the gear. Everything. 10% of that goes to wildlife management. All of it. And then at the end of that, nobody's gonna let the grizzlies get Exterminated. Right. It's not, it's they're overpopulated now. And then when you look at the population, the how beautiful the elk population is in Colorado. Yeah. And how amazingly managed it is in Colorado for public hunters.


For a guy like me that can go get a over the counter tag, I think they're probably gonna wipe out over the counter tags. Yeah. For outta staters. They're Gonna make it a draw tag. Yeah. And then now the wolves get to eat 'em. And I don't get to bring my elk hunting money in and give it to the right. But The Thing is I don't get is they, what they always say that they're gonna get to a certain level of the population and then they're gonna open it up for management. But they don't Wolf management. Yeah. But what happens is it's people sue and the wildlife, You know, all the people that are like that love wolves. They full, they sue. And when they sue they, they stop the hunt And it has to go to court And it has to get decided.


And if you get a radical judge like this judge that you said that's in Wyoming And these, these are all things that people in the know are telling me. Yeah. So, Lord, I don't, I don't need a judge somewhere in Wyoming like pulling my files. No, you're probably right. You're probably right. Everyone that I know that hunts there says that there, there's a lot of grizzly bears And it's concerning 'cause you don't see all of them. If you see a lot of them, there's a lot more than you don't see. 'cause most of 'em are just not just out in the open, hanging out with you. Most of 'em are deep in the woods. Well, and, and So I went on a, I went on a salmon trip up in British Columbia and what, You know, 99% of your interpretation of a grizzly is this big old fat chunky thing.


Well, so we're flying in on these helicopters to go fish the salmon runs that are running up into the mountains of British Columbia. And it's an amazing trip. Like, you fly over in the helicopter, you look down, you see the huge schools of salmon. You take your fly rod and you go catch 'em and drink your beer. Well the helicopter pilot was like, Hey man, we've seen some grizzlies in the area just, and You know, at the time we're like, man, this is all part of the experience. Yeah. It's like, get a, get us kind of going a little bit. Well we land and the night before we didn't fish that day, so we'd flown in and drank some wine. And dude, You know, my eyes are like fuzzy and we're fishing and I tell my guy, I'm with him, I'm like, Hey, I'm gonna go to the helicopter and get a, a beer or something.


And, and dude, I get there and I pop my beer and I'm like, I look down the river and I'm like, fuck, that is a fucking grizzly coming toward my buddy. And I went, Jay and dude, it was slim and like a damn, it was lean and like a greyhound. Not I, I wouldn't say lean, but it hadn't, it hadn't got all fat on salmon yet. Well, it comes down the bank and jumps in and, and we ease back to the helicopter. We look back, here comes another grizzly, literally 30 yards from us.


And I'm like, we get there and I had left my beer on the bank and my grizzly sticks his tongue in my beer. And then he jumps in the river. I run, grab the beer drink. I'm like grizzly spit. Anyway, the helicopter pilot goes, you did not drink a beer after grizzly. I had sip of it after I had to, but that's like, I mean he just like kind of trinos wild shit. You gotta get from that. Some berry infection or whatever. Salmon infection. Moose ass. So listen dude, we get on the helicopter and the pilot's like, man, they're, they're getting too comfortable. We take off, fly a mile down the river. I, I'd already had my fly rod together.


I never broke it down. So I sat it in the little basket and we land, I take off about 200 yards start fishing. And I had, I had, I had to slide down this like 20 foot cut bank where the river had cut the bank. I look across the river and here comes a grizzly bear galloping Oh boy. On the other side of the river. And I'm like, well I'd already seen the other two mature ones. And I was like, well that's a baby grizzly. That's, I was like, that's cute dude. That grizzly hits that bank on the other side of that river and jumps about 20 feet in the air and lands in that river. It looked like a, a Volkswagen VW bug hit that river.


I take off to the helicopter. All my guys are like, get here, get here. A mother and two, two of the babies were on my tail. Oh my God. And when I gotta the helicopter dude ruined my whole trip. I couldn't realize. That's when gets scary when you're on the mothers, Oh there's they're the ones that They fuck everybody up. Yeah. Two seconds. Yeah. They don't play any games when they have their cubs with them. They don't take any chances. Like, I'm gonna incapacitate this dude. Yeah. Fuck him. It is a so it wasn my, it wasn my grizzly encounters. I wish all these people that get to vote, unlike BC when BC outlawed grizzly bear hunting.


I wish all those people that experience, you should have to experience what it's actually like there. You should have to see, Well I, You should have to see the population. You see what it's like experiencing them. These aren't teddy bears. And for you saying you shouldn't be able to manage the population as wildlife biologists say, it should be managed. You're putting people in danger. Especially people that live up there. Well, the thing About it with me now, listen, I grew up deer hunting my whole life. Ducks dove quail and man, I always had a soft spot for bears. And probably I still, it's not like I gotta go shoot bears every year. I mean whatever. But when you find out, when you hear you are a hunter and there are like when I met John and, and Jenny and they were like, Luke, there are so many that are that need to be managed.


I was like, man, that's cool. Let's go, let's go do a bear hunt. Had a great time and didn't, You know, didn't get all heady with killing a bear. I mean, I know guys in Tennessee and Gatlinburg Joe, I mean dude, they are darting black bears off. Second story mo Holiday Inn balconies. They're digging in. I mean they're digging in candy, You know, vending machines. Oh yeah. Walk. And I'm like, dude, it's just a matter of time. Somebody's gonna walk out their balcony and these, they're gonna get, they're gonna get got right there 100% and They dart 'em and move them back into the Smoky Mountains. And then, You know what happened in New Jersey, right? The governor ran on this policy of banning the grizzly bear hunt and he got in, or excuse me, the black bear hunt In Jersey.


In Jersey. J jersey has the most black bears per capita in the country, which is crazy. I'm gonna send you something 'cause I sent this to Cam last night 'cause it's nuts. This dude just shot the state record. So it's back in Yes, it's back in right immediately because they had so many interactions. Jersey, my mother lives in Mexico Beach, Florida on the panhandle. It's a lot over there too. And they like trash cans turned over every day. Crazy amounts in, in South Georgia and Florida. Yeah, that's it. So I have a photo of the bear. Jamie, I'm gonna send it to you next to the dude who killed it.


That's a good one. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna send you this too, but look at that. The size of that bear. So this is in New Jersey. This is New Jersey. This is New Jersey. I Never even, that's a 770 pound bear in New Jersey. I never, I didn't know they were, they were up there that They're dense, dense with bears. Look, I, I have a buddy who lives up there. He says, sees 'em all The time. Well, so down in the furthest most southern corner of Georgia, Bainbridge, Georgia and all that. And then Mexico Beach, Florida around Lake Seminole. I mean they're, they're everywhere down there. They're all over the place. You got that photo that dude laying next to it. Get, look at that. The size of that thing. Now that, that article says 800 pounds, that's from several broadheads.


Eight 80, it says eight 80, but the other article said seven 70, it looks, it's big. Whatever the actual size it is, it's big. Look at that sever hole. Good shot dude. Well it's, You know, like I said, I'm not good shot. That's a perfect shot. I I I think there's healthy numbers of all of it. And like I said, when I see, You know, when you see, I don't know, wolves and elks. Well there's more than healthy numbers. Okay, there it goes. But You know what, The hunter seven 70 Oh gutted seven 70 gutted. Whoa. Ah, that's what it is. So they weigh in at 770 pounds gutted. So they think it was about 8, 8 80 80. Holy shit. Holy shit.


Yeah. You see they got it in a slide. They had to put it in a Well That's crazy Man. There's so many of, and For people who don't know, people eat bear and bear's good. Yeah. It tastes good. Well, and You know the sad part about I think ca California, You know, the, the whole, the whole, You know, the gallbladder deal, I don't know much about that, but You know. Yeah. There was a black market for black bear gall belt bladders. Yes. In some, some cultures. Yeah. They think it's medicine And You know, so They were killing black bears just for their gallbladder. Yeah. And, but I don't, I think it wasn overblown. I don't think it's gonna affect the population. I'm just guessing.


Especially a place like New Jersey. How are you gonna affect that population? They're, they're everywhere there. You ever see the, the fights they have in Far Rockaway? What's Far Rockaway, Far Rockaway, New Jersey. It's like a nice suburb. It's like sore, fighting a nice neighborhood. Giant bears. Jamie, pull that video up. Giant bears. Well did you ever on this guy, guy's front lawn? Did you, Did you ever see the guy that filmed like the 10 minute grizzly fight? This might be Oh yes I did see that. It wasn, it wasn insane. But that's where grizzlies are supposed to be. This isn't a fucking neighborhood. And these are big bears and they're duking it out on this guy's nice lawn. They go tumbling down the stairs and they start fighting in the street and people are watching and they're probably fighting over trash cans.


Look at 'em. So look at the size of these fuckers. Imagine like you're watching tv. Oh Man. So these dudes, they duke it out. This is like Jamie, how long is this video? It's like a 10 minute video. Six and a half minutes, six minute video. So six minutes for six minutes. These dudes duke it out. They, they pile out into the street, they're biting each other and this guy's filming from a car. And you see it as it like trebles down, like go, yeah. Pull, pull it down. So when they're in this, so they come tumbling down the hill, You know, full UFC style, duke it out passing by, this guy's tra this guy's mailbox. Look at 'em, It goes on forever and they're out in the street.


This is a nice neighborhood and you have huge predators in front of a Volvo. I mean, what the fuck? And this guy was trying to ban the hunt. Hey pal, there's plenty of these bears. You should hunt them. 'cause if you don't hunt them, they're gonna hunt you. But I think, well they're gonna met, You know that, that's the thing. I think it's no different than, I mean I grew up in South Georgia with gators and Yeah, same thing. You, You get one comfortable with you man. And it's Not good. It is not good at all. What's the problem? What we're dealing with here is ballot biology. It's all people that are very emotional.


Most of 'em live in cities. Before I ever hunted bear, before I ever hunted at all, I was like, kill a bear. Why? What an asshole. You'd have to be an asshole to kill a bear and then you get it out. I was the same. I was kind of the same way. But you probably had more hunting experience than me. I grew up Fishing. Well I had white tail hunting and I remember a man, You know, being a, a 14-year-old kid shooting a deer and, and having remorse. But then you need to have that remorse too as a hunter. Right. You need to understand you're Taking a life. Yes. And you need to, and I tell my boys that my boys have grown up in it seriously. And I'm like, Hey man, hold up. Right. Let's just don't run up to the run up to it.


Chunk it in the machine. Just, just do a little homage. Respect. Yeah. Right. So go ahead. But that Yeah, but the remorse, go ahead. The, The remorse is important. It's, it's a part of the experience. Like you, you are now connected to the food that you're going to eat. Right. And I think that's what most people don't have. And I think, I think that's bad for us. I think all of human existence has been wrapped around hunting animals. And we hunted them ourselves forever. And then we eventually figured out agriculture. But when we hunted, we hunted them ourselves. Most of the time the humans were human and we had this deep connection to this animal. 'cause this animal was gonna sustain our family.


And they used it. They took the, the, the, the skin from it. And they made all kinds of things. They took the tendons, they made strings for bows. They, I mean the fur. Gosh. Yeah, the fur. I mean it's what their clothes were made out of. They ate all the organs, they ate everything. It sustained everybody. And it wasn how people lived. And then when people stopped living like that, we got a little confused. I know people that eat meat. Like my wife was at dinner with her friends and the, the the, they were from England. And one of the friends said, where's your husband? And she said, oh, he's, he's elk hunting. And, and the guy made some sort while he was cutting a steak, made some sort of like, oh, that's atrocious.


Why did you do that? And she goes, why are you eating meat? You didn't like you, you paid a supermarket hitman to go kill that fucking steak. Listen, like, this is so stupid. But when you're removed from it culturally and England is basically removed from it culturally, there's road deer there and there's some stag. Stag. Yeah. But for the most part, England has a very small hunting population. And I believe bow hunting is actually outlawed there. It's outlawed in a lot of places in Europe. It's outlawed in Scotland, it's outlawed in a lot of places. So there's like a deep ignorance as as to what's going on and what it is. And then they have judgment based on these cultural norms of like, and there's mo media depictions, media depictions of hunters in movies.


They're never the good guys. They're always pieces of shit. The hunters are always assholes. They're always drunk, they're always, You know, trying to kidnap women or kill somebody. Right. They're always like torturing an animal. There's always something where someone has to come in and fuck up the hunters. 'cause hunters are, they're portrayed as bad guys in movies. Yeah. And then, and, and listen, you, you, You know, you, the success rate of the, the, the proper ethical things always line up that that that, You know, you don't, the success rate doesn't always go like you wanted it to. Right. And but You know, the fact that hunters still are, are working every day just to keep hunting.


And the fact that hunting is declining so bad, I think It took a little uptick during Covid. Did it? Yeah. 'cause during Covid people are like, Hey man, this fucking, well what if there's no food? My buddy lived in Asheville and he sent me a photo in the middle of the pandemic. He goes, dude, he goes, there's no meat. And he was going down the meat aisle, he's like filming it. He's like, there's no fucking meat here. One of the best things that's just naturally happened at our house. And my wife is, You know, my wife's like typical housewife plays tennis great shape. Does it, You know, when she, she kind of eats like a bird when she does eat. But man, she will call me and she'll go, Hey, let's have elk night and, 'cause we keep our freezer in my garage and I've got all my tackle in there.


And she has through the years, understood, like, Hey, I'm gonna run out to the freezer. We're gonna do taco night. I'm gonna throw all the elk meat in the sink and start throwing it. And man, over the last five years we, I've woke up and we haven't had, we haven't had, You know, beef cattle and hamburger tacos, spaghettis bolognese, what? We haven't eaten it in five years at my house. And it just, it takes you a minute to go, Hey, put it in the freezer and then plan your, plan your dinner. You know, we all get busy with kids and stuff like that. But I'm so proud of her that she'll call me and be like, Hey, I'm going out to the freezer.


Do you want me to get these elk tenderloins? 'cause by the time me and my, I got three children that go out there with me now. And two or three of us will get one. I mean, we got enough meat. Like It is awesome that It's the best food. It's So good for you, Man. When you pat out an elk patty hamburger, like your hands have nothing on it. Right. Like, I mean, you could take beef patty and just like, it's just like Fat grease. It's like Caulking. You know? That's also why it tastes so good. Right. Which we gotta, there's a time and place for that. But it's pretty cool that elk gets that and they still have to add a little bit of pork fat to elk just to keep it.


But I give a lot of meat away. And whenever I do, when I get texts back, I get excited when people are like, damn, this is so good. And it makes me feel better. It does make you feel like there's something about wild Game. You get energy from it. Well, yeah. And, and yeah, when you can go, like we at, at my place, at my dear place in southern Tennessee. Yeah man, we, we just, we make sure, man, we got, I got a big walk-in cooler there. And if we, if we're, if we're not gonna take something in there, I put, I've had some red stag up my place in Tennessee. I I did a high fence down there. And so between stag and white tail and elk, You know, we're moving, we're moving meat around and making jerky. Do you have a, Are they roaring on your property?


Dude, They do. That's the craziest sound. It's the baddest. I thought the elk sound was crazy. Elk sounds probably the craziest Because It's the best elk, but I'm, I'm used to it. But the roar. But when you hear a stag Bizarre it sounds like a lion. I put one on my Instagram story, Jamie, see if you can find it. This dude just staring at the camera roaring I bet. Or, or I hear rather Argentina is a great place to go. Yeah, I hear they have a lot of 'em down in Argentina. We, it's interesting 'cause Tennessee is very, very strict on their white tail. Here He is. Listen to this guy.


Imagine if you were some dude and it's like a thousand years ago and you don't know what the fuck that is. So he walked into the woods. So my 14-year-old has been going to Colorado with me since he was five or six. And when they're that little, obviously the camp bow hunt. But we would get an elk down and I'd let the boys hike up with me and, and pack the elk out. And one day we had another hunter with us going to get an elk. And my two little ones were following me. And I said, well, we had a elk bugle. I said, Hey boys, stay right here. And they're, they're six, six and eight.


And we went up the hill and I could keep, well Tate right before I walked off, he goes, dad, are they gonna kill us if we sit here? Because those elk bugles, I mean you can feel their bugles in the woods. Yeah. And I said, no son, you can feel 'em in your chest. So we went up and tried to call this elk in, and then some elk did actually cross in front of 'em and they're six and they just sitting there, these big, this big herd of elk coming by. And we come back and I was watching, I could see 'em sitting down there on this, this tall log that I put 'em on. But I got back and they were like, those help were all, I mean, You know, having your boys, I mean that's, that's what I live for. And to, to keep the, You know, and I just wish we could create a narrative where getting your children doing that will, will.


I mean, I don't know. I, Well, hunting has a very difficult entry. It's very difficult. It is. If you're a person who's like listening to this, like I've, I've never hunted before, but I'd like to learn how to do it. Good luck. It's very hard to do. You're Right. Very, very hard. It's very hard to find someone who's gonna teach you, who has the patience to show you what to do. If you've never shot a rifle before, it's very hard to understand like, what is the difference between a 300 wind mag and a seven millimeter? Yeah. What is this? And that, That, that's the, that is the tricky part really with all outdoors. Yeah. And if you could, if you could bridge the gap between all parts of urban life and allow urban life to, to find a place to go.


But the, when we went through a phase in outdoors where landowners were like, if you hunt my land and you twist your ankle and break your leg, you're gonna sue me. So no, you're not allowed to come hunt my land. So all the deer will get overpopulated, eat all my crops. And then, So I think now states, I think Tennessee has put a law into where some of those getting sued. I well what I'm what I'm saying is that feeds people's inability to go find somewhere to hunt too. Right? I I mean you're, so many people don't have a 50 acre farm. They can't afford it, but they want to go hunt. And then I just hope the hunting community and even the, the whole outdoor community can make it more accessible.


And landowners, I mean I had this little lady that, that I wanted a Turkey hunt her. She had 60 acres that bordered like a 300 acre track of mine. And I was like, ma'am, when, when I'm out hunting and some of my turkeys or our turkeys may cross onto your property, do you mind if I go and she and her house is a mile away from, or it's 50 acres, it's probably 400 yards. She thought my shotgun was gonna shoot through her house and kill her. And I had to spend 45 minutes. And she grew up in Tennessee in the country. Right. And she doesn't understand that a shotgun is not, You know. Right. And so, man, the education of it all, just the bridge and the knowledge of it gradually gets worse and worse.


Right. But, but the need for it gets Greater And greater And it gets greater and greater. And I tell my children all the time, I'm like boys, there is no drug in the world. And I'm not a, You know, I, I'm pretty straight guy. Never done done much of that. But I said, I got a lot of crazy buddies that have, and when a big elk's walking in or a big white tail or you hook a big fish there that the, the adrenaline from that, no drug will replace it. Nothing's Like It. I've done some wild chip in my time. I I I've seen the documentation of the wild stuff. So I've done some wild chip. I'm gonna, I'm gonna send you a video, Jamie, of something that happened last week. So this, this is the best example of that.


This is the best example of that. We had this elk and he was out at about 50 yards. We'd snuck it, snuck in on him. He was over the ridge at 50 yards. We could see the tips of his antlers moving around. I had my sight set at 50 yards and as my friend was calling him, my friend was at a tree. It wasn about 20 yards from me. He came right into our lap. So it was one of those things where I had him range at 50 50 and Then boom. And then I see him coming in, he's coming in, I dial him again, I range him again at 40, I dial him in. I'm like, oh shit. He's coming into our lap. And he just kept coming in. Watch this video. It's just don't have it yet. Do you don't have it yet. God damn. Might be faster. Modern technology.


It didn't make it through. Oh, it's still going. Hold on. Ly compressing it to send it through iMessage. Oh, is that what it is? Might be. Okay. Let me said it went through. Did it go through? Just got it. Okay. Bust out those cigars. You want a little heavy or a mild? Whenever you have, here it goes. Check this out. Oh Listen to this. Listen to this. When he comes over the hill and gets angry, like when I heard that I was like, oh. Oh, here he comes. So right now he's about 50 yards. What's your heart doing right now? Right now I'm pretty calm. 'cause he is at 50 yards. Right. But now I'm realizing he's not gonna stop. So I arrange him again. Now he's at 40.


Oh God. He pauses for a second. He's staring right at me. I have to stop. Oh yeah. So you're off to the right. I'm off to the right and I'm pressed up against a tree, full camo, hiding in plain sight. So now he's moving out. So now I'm like, oh shit, I'm moving my sight to 20. So now I moving my sight to 20 and I trying to figure out a time to draw. So right here I draw, that's when he turns, oh, he needs, sees some movement. This is another one, bug one. Perfect. It wasn it, boom. It's like that. And there's so much nerves and so much like anxiety. And you range him and he's coming in and it's like, and you think he's gonna be a 50, but all of a sudden he's at 20.


And then it's like, don't punch the shot. Like relax, execute a perfect shot. Well, here's the beauty of all that in the outdoors. You know, when you here these are mild. They're good though. Okay, that's good man. When you, when you, when you kind of conquer one level of fishing or hunting, then there's another one you can go learn the space in. You know what I'm saying? You can go Right. And what I say is like, I just, I mean from the elk hunter that I was the elk hunter that I was 10 years ago, like took so much, took so much work to, to even get from a 10% knowledgeable elk hunter to a 60% right now.


Like I can watch that elk react to everything and know what that elk's, how that elk's reacting. Because I've done it for 11, 12 years now and I've got, I've taken my boys. Well, so when you get tired of whitetail hunting and whitetail hunting gets rudimentary, then go try to dig in and take it to the next level to challenge yourself. That's what's so fun about like when I got, I was always a bass fisherman, always a bass fisherman, never fly fisherman. Well then I got into fly fisherman and that became the new seven year challenge that I You tie your own flies. I I can now the little, I can tie big streamers.


Right. But like the little bitty Where you gotta get like goggles on. Oh yeah. It's a real art form. Totally. The one of the most rewarding things you can do Sure. You make your own Doors is make your own fly. Yeah. And trick A big ass fish. A big fish with it. And My, my only problem with fly fishing is a lot of it's catch and release and I'm like, it's fun. I know it's fun, but you're basically just fucking with fish. You just fucking went them like, I could have killed you, bitch. You know? Well, I get it.


I Get it. The handling of the trout, like when I was, You know, I grew up bass fishing, and we're like, and the bass flies outta the water, right? We grab it and, You know, it's kids we're like, ah, we throw, You know, you catch a trout and it's like a, it's like a, just a creature. Yeah. It's like a, a a, a, a team in the, in the delivery room, comes in to hold the, the brand new baby, or what? Heck, they treat newborns. They're slapping newborns around and getting their lungs going before, You know, you mishandle a trout. But, You know, they're the, the whole mystique of trout and, and all of this stuff is, is just man, it's outlets for all of us. You know? I mean, I remember when my, I moved to Nashville, man, my dad, he kept me fishing and hunting and he wound up being a pretty dang successful business guy.


And he all, he told me, he goes, dude, when you move to Nashville, don't forget to take time to go do that stuff. And, You know, for about two or three years, man, I didn't, I was focusing on my career. But now as I roll out, man, You know, as I'm kind of established, it's, You know, I, man, it's, it's been the highlight and the fact that three boys landed in my life, like, You know, my wife's like, you're, you're, it's not even fair that you have. 'cause I can always use one of 'em. I was like, well, baby Bo, You know, he is really been stressed at school and he wants to hunt this evening. She's like, I know your game.


I know your game. But Well, we're so lucky in this country too, that there's so much places that, that are public land. That's another thing that Europe doesn't have. I mean, that's what Robinhood was all about. People think Robinhood was steal from the rich and give to the poor. No, it was about hunting lands and hunting rights. People were starving and the king had all the land and there was all these deer. And Robinhood would go out and whack deer. Like it wasn the story about Robinhood. It really wasn't about stealing money, it was really about hunting rights. Right. They don't have that there. I didn't know that. I didn't Know that. That's, that's why it's so fucked over there. That's why they don't have This attitude about it. Well, and that, and that's why, that's why, You know, you hope the, the whole education of hunting and landowners and, and conservation of the animals and all the land ties into where, You know, landowners need to have a better understanding of, man, give this old boy a break.


Give this guy that just knocked on your door and asked permission. The good old fashioned way, man. Give him a break and let him take his son. Or go, yeah, go hunt. You know? And, and don't, You know, hoard don't hoard your 15,000 acres till your right. You know, But till your dad, but hopefully he's a good guy. That's the problem also, is that assholes ask for permission and then do something stupid. You know? Dude, I had a guy shoot a stag one of first year I put my stag in my fence, shot him right off the road, really left him, man. Oh my God. You talk about pissed Right off the road, just shot 'em and left them, Shot 'em and left him. Yeah. See there's people like that out there and it's so fucked Up. It's the bad apples, You know, they, they're Out there.


How could you do that to a stag too? God, that's so awful. Yep. And the meat is so sensational to know that that meat is gonna go to waste. That's so crazy, man. I don't know. You know, I guess enough whiskey in a old back road and a rifle, you'll, you'll, you'll you'll Shitty education, bad Childhood. All the above. Well, but Yeah, all the above. But yeah, I mean, I look at, I've got till my nephew, he's lived with me since he was 12, and then my, so till's 22 now, and Bo is bo 16 and Tate is 14 and till was 15 when he killed his first elk.


The rule has been if you can pull 55 pounds, you're, you're, you're ready to hunt. And so Bo is a lot bigger than Tate. When he was 13 and 14, said, Bo my 13-year-old killed a full grown elk at 13. Whoa. With a bow. With a bow, whoa. Totally. The frigging most badass thing I've ever seen. And then Just to be that young and be able to execute the shot, Dude, he did it and he earned it. And like I said, I've been hiking him up those heels. That's what another like the, the hunting and the, the killing is that man, when you pack out a damn, yeah. 800 pound animal. The first time I packed my elk out, dude, when I got to the Polaris, I mean, I was like, I was sobbing like from exertion.


Exertion, yeah. Like delusional, because we took a wrong turn, we hit a big aspen blow down and I had to tote the head and the cape out. And I had to walk overblown down aspens with that cape. And once we got 500 yards into the blow down, and man, we gotta that buggy and, You know, all and all the elk hunting guides, they're the toughest, they're the toughest dudes. Oh yeah. They're doing that all. I mean, they're All year long. They're grizzled. They're the toughest guys. I tell people, man, if I get called to a serious, if I get called in in a serious war, I'm calling my elk guides. That that's, that's my first, that's my first call. So, but it's, You know, and I didn't grow up ever thinking I'd have the opportunity or the, or the, You know, the, the ability to go hunt elk.


But once you start doing it and, and, and, but You know, man, this, this week I killed Thursday. I killed my biggest white tail I ever did. Really? And then I was so, I'm so like overwhelmed by killing it. I haven't even, like, I don't even know if I've enjoyed it yet Because it was, it kind of happened fast, but it's just so fun. You got a picture, we, How big is it? It was big. Yeah. So listen now. And So I didn't post it 'cause it's obviously in my high fence. Right. And You know the, You know, but man, this deer was born in the fence in Tennessee. You can't bring any genetics in. You can't do anything. Whatever herd you have, when you wild herd, whatever wild Tennessee deer you have, you have to grow 'em.


And man, this deer Joe, when he was two years old, we were like, what in the fuck what a UFO ship dropped this off in here. He started with huge mass, different looking genetics. And we watched him for, we grew him for, we feel like he's five and a half. And whoa dude, we are, we are over the moon about don't say Stag. I know. That's A huge deer over. How, how big is your property? It's, I guess altogether it's probably 11, probably 1200 acres in the Fence. So that is much more space than a deer would ever travel in its natural life.


Anyway, I'll, I'll put it to you this way. We put about 18 red stag in there. They're up. We don't know how many there are. That deer might have got fucked by a sta I think he might, I think his mom. Yeah, he might have. He might. A crossed might cross a hybrid. Yeah, dude, we will ride around. We, we have too many stag and we'll try to fend 'em out, Joe. We can't find them. Like, literally like, we'll spend a day, I'm like, Hey, grab the rifle. We're gonna pull up here, walk this bottom. Can't find 'em. There's 60 of 'em in there. We hunted them for four days this weekend.


We killed, we killed two. So, so 1200 is, I mean, It's much larger than a deer would have in its natural room. Yeah. And I, You know, I, listen, I mean we, there, there are a million ways you can criticize me for having the high fence, but You know, I have low fences that we, we bounce back and forth on the low fences. 'cause that's fun as hell too, to not know what's walking in. But the main thing is, is I wanted my boys to have the ability to manage deer and, and grow 'em. And I grew up, I love South Texas. Big, big, I love South Texas deer hunt.


Like, but I learned, I leased, I leased a south Texas place down here. And then I learned having, You know, young children in my schedule, man to go own a south Texas ranch, commit that much to a south Texas ranch and get five days there wasn't my thing. So my, my high fence in Tennessee is kind of like my little ode or my little homage to, to my love for South Texas white tail. So, So you can keep it close. Keep it close. It's 55 minutes from the house. Oh, That's nice. And It's a, it's a retreat. I get down there, You know, starlink has ruined us. 'cause now we have internet. Yeah. But before that man, we'd pull in the, pull in the holler down there and you'd have to drive up to the hill to make a phone call, but Oh, oh, Elon saved us on that.


So Yeah, the new star link's wild. It's the size of a, like a notebook. Well, what was funny was the first time, the first time we saw the satellites come over, we were at Elk camp. Oh. And You know, my nephew till he's 21 and we're all liquored up and my nephew, he goes, guys, I know we've been drinking all day, but what in the hell is coming toward us right now? And we were like, and then we had one guy in the group was like, God damn, that's Elon Musk. And we watched it go over and we were like, wow, what a, what A it's amazing. We, we used one in Utah for the first time this year.


So easy to set up, set it up in like five minutes, you did it too. And then we're online. You YouTube, I mean my wife, whatever you want. I mean, when I went to Elk camp, my wife was like, alright, I'll, I'll hear you. I'll see you. I'll talk to you in six days. First day elk camp. Set the star link out. FaceTime. Yeah. Hey baby, How are you? It's crazy. Yeah. My buddy was deer hunting recently in South Texas. And he said on three different occasions in the week, their deer got bumped by illegals. He said it was crazy. He said, illegal aliens just moving through the ranch. He said they, they have, You know, a swarm of 'em. Listen, every day I hunt South Texas every year.


And the ranch we went to last year, at any given moment you can drive and pick up 50 backpacks. They just, that ranch looks like I, when I, and I hadn't been, this, this ranch was closer to the border than I've ever been. And there are piles of backpacks and tarps. You know, they'll take tarps and put the tarp out and they're do well, they'll wait in the day and then they get, You know, they get picked up at night typically. But, but when they get picked up, they chunk their backpack. And dude, they like that, that the ranch I was at, they have to have a full-time team of people just going around picking up backpacks and keeping trash off the ranch.


My buddy who has a ranch in south Texas, found a dead guy, found a guy, ran outta water, just died on his ranch. And it, it's heartbreaking because dude, if anybody, dude, I can't imagine having to walk through that brush to get the freedom. Right. Because when I get and not knowing Where you're going, Not knowing where you're going, and probably you have kids. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, when I leave South Texas, I'm pulling cactuses outta my ass for a month. Yeah. Especially if you do, You know, you go rat, you go rattle for 'em and stuff. So man, it's, forget about Rattlesnakes. Forget about everything else that's down there. And, And water. Yeah. When you think about, man, you, you get your water rations. Yeah.


You, you miss that. Yeah. You could zig when you should have zagged and you're not gonna run into water. Especially down there. And it was in the summer, so, You know, 105 degrees outside. This poor dude just died and they found him. Well, I, Every ranch, every ranch I've went to the ranch owner, You know, they're encountering two, two deaths a year. 15 to 20. Most of the time they come up to the, the main headquarters needing water. And when they get to you, or That's been my experience with talking to ranch managers down there. They're, they're very, You know, they're not, I don't think they're there to create any problems.


They're just like, Hey, You know, we Right. We need some water. And The vast majority of 'em are just trying to get a better Life. Get a better life and Yeah. And we would be doing it too. Could you imagine if you're living a third world country and you had kids and you realize you can get to America and you get a good job and you gotta figure out how to do it. Yeah, I would do it. We'd all do it. I got, we would all do it. It's just the, the craziness of not knowing where you're going in south Texas, which is so vast. I mean, I think it's one of those things where people talk about it, it's almost like talking about space. You know, like, oh, the galaxy is 200 million stars or 200 billion stars. It doesn't make sense. 'cause it's like, it's too big for you to understand if you had to walk through South Texas, it's South Texas.


Well, I, Texas itself is bigger than like, multiple countries in Europe. The whole Yeah. Well I think, You know, and even imagine before like the oil booms and oil rigs and stuff, like now they have a little bit of visual Right. Lights to walk to. Right, Right. I mean, man, I couldn't imagine. Yeah. Just striking out, Just taking a chance, Crossing the Rio Grande and just Hoping, hoping or maybe you'd gone with someone who went through it before and they have a vague memory of what's the best way to get to a creek. I, I don't know. I mean I, You know, we've, we've been there and You know, the, the guys, they, they open box blinds, You know, the deer hunting towers and there a family sleeping in the box blind.


And man, you just gotta, you gotta feel so sorry for 'em. For sure. I mean, how bad, look, I mean, I thought, I mean, dude, I remember when I was 15, 16 years old, processing in Cubans where it's so bad that you're gonna fucking piece together a raft and you're gonna, you're gonna give it a, you're gonna give it a go for Miami. Right? I remember being 16 going, how bad must that be? How bad must that be? Pretty fucking bad. Pretty Fucking bad. Pretty Fucking bad. Their, their case is a little different 'cause they're running from a communist dictatorship. And they were like, we got, that's why the most Republican motherfuckers in this country are Cubans.


Cubans go hard. They're like, we've seen, we've seen what all this socialist horse shit comes down to. And it comes down to government control over every aspect of your life. And they, they enforce it with violence, they enforce it with guns. It's not as simple as everybody just gives up whatever they have. And now everybody has an equal amount. That's all nonsense. That's the, that's the hook. But the reality is the government controls everything and you are fucked. And they always live in big ass houses and they eat great food and everybody else is everybody. And it's everywhere. It's from, from Africa to Cuba to ve, Venezuela, the whole African Yeah. That, that whole Have you ever hunted in Africa? I haven't, but I know I will.


I I will, I can go on this show and say, man, I'm not like a, I'm not one of those guys that's like thinking about an elephant or lines and all that. I just, I love to bow hunt and I love, I'd like planes, animals, You know, your, your kudos and all that stuff, man, I I, I, You know, to be able to, when my boys get a little older and we can do a proper two month currently sports and my children have ruined my hunting life or my, well 'cause my, my boys are gonna play all the sports. But when, when we can get a, I'd love to do 'em a gap year and let's go do a a, a true safari. Yeah. And, and not, when I say safari, that doesn't mean I want to go like hunt 60 days. I wanna do like your, I wanna see the, all of the Serengeti and all of the animals and take you the animals for a month and have like the, the wives and the girls and the girlfriends.


And we sit out there and do the safaris. But then I want to carve out two or three days where all the boys go, You know, go get the true planes game. Yeah. And I, I would look, it's, man, I tell you it's a pretty cool story. My, my pilot, my lead pilot is South African and during Covid man, he couldn't, his mother was dying and he couldn't get down there to tell his mother by. And at this point I just, I just kind of got to know AJ and man, I've always heard that South Africans are pretty badass dudes. And at the time I was learning that AJ's a pretty badass dude.


I didn't all altogether know it, but, well, he called, he, he got with me and he goes, Luke, man, it's still, I cannot get into South Africa. It may have been his mother or his wife's mother, but I called some local guys, some local congress guys in Tennessee. And we, they granted him permission to get down there and they got to tell either his wife's mother buy it. Well he comes back and he's like, Luke, I now owe you a Cape Buffalo. And I was like, what? He goes, my family has a big ranch. We're overrun with Cape Buffalo and you now have one of my Cape Buffalo.


So dude, he is gonna fly me down there. And I'm like, and that's just kinda way he's, he's, he's wired, but You know, he's gonna help us with some safari stuff down there. Don't they call them the black death? Yeah. Now they are bad. Yeah. You you don't just go running up to them. Yeah. Like with, with your, not your shit together. That's A big animal. That's like a 1800 pound animal. Right. Maybe bigger and like All muscle. So Cam and Adam Greentree, they went up to Australia, You know, Australia has like an infestation of Asian buffalo. They have, I forget which type of buffalo it is, but invasive.


So someone introduced it, like all the animals in Australia, a lot of the mammals were introduced and they have no natural predators. So they have these buffalo up there everywhere. Cam said he shot one and he, they, You know, they went up there with no food and they went up there to live off the land. They're drinking out of fucking crocodile lakes, like literally bathing in that shit. Filtering water, filtering water, eating whatever fish they caught. It's Cam's new version of pushing himself. Now he's gonna, yeah, now he's gonna, I think it was Adam's idea. Oh, I gotcha. He's a psycho too. So they're the both of 'em are perfect together. So he said he had one piece of buffalo in his mouth for half an hour just chewing on it. He said, that's how tough they are. He said it took forever to eat that thing.


Yeah. The true form of like, yeah. No, that's even a whole nother level of, of true organics when it takes you Oh yeah. You know, when you're jerky's jerky right out of the, right out of the, You know, right in the field. But Yeah. Well there's no dry aged buffalo Yeah. Out there. No, that's a fucking Did you say I was a taste of it? I mean, I, because most plains animals in Africa, historically they say are far beyond our planes animals as far as the meat, like your kudos and your, I mean, you're, I'm drawing a blank on all the planes games. And like I said, this is stuff that I'm like totally elementary in because I don't, I just don't know much about that whole African thing.


But it Seems like the things that the big cats want to eat are all delicious. Right? Yeah. Like I shot a Neil Guy a couple Years ago, guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Tigers eat them. Right. Did you ever eat the Neil guy? Yeah. It's delicious. And the, the meat is like a even more vivid, a more vivid red color to it than even our, You know, our elk and stuff. Well it's all delicious. My favorite is still elk, but the another one is Axis Deer gig. They get hunted by tigers and they're some of the best tasting animals alive Axis deer are delicious. I Think. I think cats are smart. Just like bears are smart too. Salmon's delicious. Sit there and pick 'em off.


They know what They're doing. Well, have you done Africa? Are you No. You gonna do It? I would like to, I'd like to go over to Africa just To see it. So you're, you, you really got it. Did Cam, was he kind of your catalyst? Oh yeah. And God, I mean, you, it's like you had, it's like you had Michael Jordan teach medical. Yeah. Michael Jordan teach you how to shoot free throws. Yeah. It's so fun though. But You know, even with guy, I tell you man, I dove hard into duck hunting. And you talk about, you talk about, I mean, learning to blow a duck call. And when you think You know how to blow a duck call and then you get next to somebody that blows a duck call and you blow yours and the room starts laughing at you like, like ridicule.


Like take your duck, call off and put it in your bedroom and leave it when we go hunting. And I'm like, dude, I've been working on this fucking thing for four years. And they're like, and it's so funny, but it's Like bugles. Yeah. Like someone who sucks at Bugling. Like, you hear 'em, you're like, what the fuck is that? I mean, it's like you walking in with a, with a tutu on. Yeah. I love duck hunting too. I've never done it. But I love the idea because you're sneaking, you're hiding, you got fake ducks, you get the whole deal. So I'm, some people have ducks that even have like flopping wings. Oh dude, we got all Listen man, let tell you something, dude, I got given a chocolate lab about eight years ago and here comes this wormy ass chocolate lab into my home, You know, scrawny.


And since then, oh my God, that damn animal has thrust me into duck hunting just So I could take him duck hunting and man it is, it's, That sounds like the same excuse you used with your Kids, right? My kid. Yeah. I have to go for the dog. Yeah, for the dog. The dog Needs some duck hunting Next life. But man, and my wife is this dog man. This dog can open every drawer in our house. He can open Frito-Lays with his, he can smack Frito lays open and eat them. He can, he can. He is, he's he's pushed a porcelain pound cake, a pound cake on a porcelain island off onto the floor, ate the poundcake and the porcelain dish and like X-ray hundred shards of porcelain in his stomach.


Oh. The vet's like, put that fucker out in the yard 'cause there's, and if he makes it, if he lives call me back. He lived and now I have duck hunting properties and my boy, You know, so, and we're in the house blowing duck calls. My wife's like, You know, I mean my wife's like five, four boys in the house, all of 'em blowing duck calls. She's like, man, one day. Yeah. So do you have one of 'em setups where you're like hiding in one of those shacks that's underground? Well, yeah, we have, we have elevated blinds that are brushed in in some brush and then we have pit blinds that are, You know, when you get down in a pit blind and then you lift it up? Yeah, you're right along the water level. Right.


And then, You know, we have, You know, there's experiences where you wade in the woods and they, they come down in the woods and, and man, it's just, and and it's the thing that, the thing that really makes duck hunting, kind of like when you're in a blind with your, with your, let's just say you got your buddies from way back and there's five of you and you're sitting there smoking cigars and You know, you're, you're, you're in the blind together and you're, it's very social too, drinking coffee. It's, You know, 15 degrees coffee, cigar, You know, and everybody's like, sh sh shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up. And you work the ducks, they light in front of you, you kill 'em, the dog gets them, brings the duck back.


You look at the duck and you're just like, you just have a big old to on your cigar and you're like, yeah, this is pretty good shit right here. Are You good at cooking them? Yeah, man. You know the thing about it, when you do, You know, your grain ducks, your ducks that feed on your rice and your, and your, your corn, You know, you like a, a diver duck that eats essentially minnows. You, you don't that you don't want to eat that, but, and geese, geese, sir, you, you find somebody that can cook a goose. You know the story about how to cook a goose? No. Where you get a big pot and you put your, you put a, you put a bunch of water and then you put a concrete cinder block in there and you boil the goose and you pull the goose out and eat the cinder block.


But no, some people can make, well I thought goose Was like a thing. Well, like a, a Speckles goose, A speckled goose specks. Speckle bellies are good, but like a mallard and a wood duck. Oh man. A wood duck with jalapeno and cheese and bacon wrap. Which nothing, nothing's bad when you do that. But My friend Jesse Griffiths, he runs this restaurant out here called Died Ey. And is it, it's fantastic. And he serves a lot of wild game and Jesse came on this hunt with us, with Steve Ron down in South Texas and Jesse Cook some diver duck. And he was it good? It was fantastic. Fantastic. Well that whoever the hell Jesse is, He's a wizard. Is is a wi well that's great. Yeah. He's a real chef.


Well that so, so Ryan Seacrest, he's like, Hey man, Ryan Seacrest the radio guy. Yeah. My guy. Yeah. At, at, at American Idol. And Seacrest goes, Hey I've got, you need a light? Yeah, thanks. He goes, dude, I booked this at EMP 11 Madison Park, number one at the time, number one restaurant in downtown. You know, Adam was, Ryan was taking me and Katie and Lionel to dinner. And I've never been to a, the nu certainly the number one restaurant in the world. Well they take us tour of the kitchen and dude, they have ducks, walls. 'cause all of your, your French cuisine, the really the centerpiece is duck.


That's like the duck Fat. Right. The ducks are the Yeah. The real big part of fois French cuisine. Well dude, I see these, I see all these ducks and I'm like, what are y'all doing here? He goes, man, we're aging them. So they get these now they're getting probably there. They're getting farm raised, organically grown ducks. And they age 'em with, with the guts in 'em. Yeah, I've heard of that Because I've heard people do that with like pheasants too. You hang 'em by their Neck, the enzymes of the guts pull stuff out of the meat. Well It adds a flavor to it apparently. And dude, man, I ate ducks, but It sketches me out.


Yeah. Well here's the tricky part because dude, I, I don't even know if I enjoyed my meal. 'cause I, I picked the chef's brain 'cause I wanted to figure out a way to take my mallards and all my ducks I killed and age 'em properly. But what you do gotta worry about is when you shoot 'em, You know, you're putting, You know, you're shooting, it's, the guts are going right through kind of in the meat a little bit. So that gets a little If you shoot 'em, right. Yeah. Right. So that's different than another. You ain Got that good where I'll headshot 'em yet, but No, when, when these guys are aging 'em, what's the temperature in the room? I think it's, I think it's like a a, You know, just above, they're not freezing them. I think it's however you would dry age a, a cow.


So like 40 degrees or Something. Probably 40 degrees and 13, 15 days with the guts in 'em. Wow. And then 15 days with the guts in 'em. I've heard that people hang their pheasants until their, their heads fall off. And that's when they, that's when they cut 'em up. Like who figured that out? Like, who was the bold bastard? It's The guy that ate 15 deals. The guy that ate the first oyster. Right. You know, guy Would drank outta the Puddle. Right. Yeah. And I, You know, it is fascinating and pheasant. And when you look at pheasant and quail and chuckers and, You know, Hungarian partridge, now you're talking about the, you're talking about the end, all of of wild game, in my opinion. The top of the, That's what you like the most.


Well I think when you look at the pheasants, You know, they're pr You know, they call 'em prairie chickens and they're beautiful. The meat's a little wider and less game or So Have you had Sandhill Crane? Yes. Rib Eye of the Sky. I Haven't, but it's crazy to look at it. It does look like steak. It's a red meat. A deep red meat and it's a bird. And You know, they're, they're wild little creatures too, man. You know, when you, when you take your lab Sandhill crane hunting, you gotta you gotta fit 'em with goggles 'cause of poker. Eyes up. Yep, Yep. Whoa. And then we, I I, I just got in a golf course property down in Florida and we sold our beach house and then we're kind of migrating to this place.


And I fly down to the tour of the property and I'm like, dude, what are, what are, what are y'all doing with all these sandhill cranes? And they're like, what do you mean this like a golf course guy? Right? And I said, dude, that's the rib eye of the sky, bro. He's like, he looked it up and I don't, you can't shoot sandhill cranes in Florida. What I dude, They're somebody called the governor Everywhere. Really? Everywhere on this property. You Can't shoot sandhill cranes in Florida. But, but you could shoot all allocators. I I, unless they're lying to me because they're scared I'm gonna go, like, I'm gonna like, You know, have a psychotic episode and go running out through the golf course with a, with a guns. Maybe it's just the area where you're at.


You couldn't Shoot. They may be protected in certain counties, but You know, even in Tennessee, Florida Center protected under the federal, They're protected under fed federal migratory Bird Treaty Act. Look At that shit. Wow. State rule, blah, blah, blah. Intentional feeding of sandhill cranes is prohibited. So you can't hunt 'em. Wow. They're protected. Well, In Tennessee, we have, in Tennessee, there's a couple guys that guide 'em. And I think it's a draw tag. You can draw, you can put in to draw a Sandhill crane tag. And then man, they make a, they make a very distinct Something Like that. And dude, you can hear 'em and I'll hear 'em coming over my farm.


And God, if, if that's the wrong noise I just made, I'm gonna get Sounds Good. I I'm going, you got It sound. Whoa. I love this guy. I need me one of that's them. Wow. Now that's, look at all of 'em. Yeah, that's, you hear that? Yeah. What a fucking cool animal. They sound like something from Avatar. See those beaks? Yeah. Those are Labrador, blind Labrador retriever blinders right there. How what, how do you fasten the goggles on a dog? Man? Oh God, here he goes.


Oh my gosh. This is like the drip. Jim, you'll find it. Sandhill crane goggles for labs. This's gonna be great. D does it, how does it secure on, I'm thinking about a dog's face. I guess they, it's I guess you've seen those dogs in those sidecars. On the motorcycles. On the motorcycles. Probably. Probably that, that rig. But I mean, I Google something and that popped up. Eh, I don't think that's the same. Yeah, That's, that's like a, that's an Aspen. That's Two dogs being silly. Yeah. Yeah. But the, yeah, so in Tennessee, you, you can hire a guy and he'll take you and they'll kind of get 'em coming into an area and I think you, there you go. Oh, there it goes. There you go. Oh wow.


Oh, that's crazy. Now those look like, I think those are snow geese. Wow. So snow geese are probably the same. Look at their goggles all scratched up too. Yeah. Grain hu Now those are, yeah, those are Sandhills. Wow. That's crazy. Dogs need to have their eyes protected. Yeah. So when you, when you get Yeah, well you got your golden, but man, if you get you a lab and Oh man, beware of that. 'cause you will get hooked. You'll, You'll start. Oh, I'm sure. I would be also, I love duck Duck's. Delicious. Oh, on the grill. Marinade it in a, marinade it properly for a day or two playing on it. That's what Jesse does. That's the difference. And it wasn the diver duck gotta, I'm telling you, this diver duck was sensational.


Well, But when that, and that's the, that's what you gotta watch in all wild game is man playing it. Preparation, Get it marinated and, and yeah. And man, you, you just can't beat it. Yeah. You gotta know what you're cooking, how to cook it. Especially if you, you're cooking something that has low body fat, you gotta make sure you cook it nice and slow. Right, right. You know, that's one of the great things about things like a Traeger and you can just set it for 2 65. Best thing in the world, Leave it. The new one's fantastic too. It's just everything comes out so smoky and delicious if You know what you're Doing, man. My dad, 4th of July, he was, I think he was drunk and hated us on 4th of July. 'cause he stayed up smoking the Boston butt every night.


You know, I remember my dad man, he, he'd had that old Char bro out there and he'd get up with his vinegar and all his shit and he would wake up all night and night before the fourth and smoke them butts, ma'am. And now you just walk out, put that thing on two 20 at about 8:00 PM wake up at, wake up at 8:00 AM and The app tells you if you're low on pellets. I know. It's Like, It just right out. What are we doing here? It's crazy. It's so much easier. What, there's something that men are attracted to like cooking over wood though. Like an actual fire wood. Well, and we're in the heart of it in Texas, You know, right here. I mean these guys take a damn, You know, they, they propane Tanks. They glue four propane tanks together and have a smoke stack.


And the guy that, what's our guy that does our charity event? Oh my God. I can't believe I'm I'll, I'll come up with him. But Mark text me Meat Church. Have you met the Meat Church Too? Oh yeah, I've met that dude. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He comes and he's got some Awesome rubs. He's got all that. But then what's funny is, yeah, he pulled up to our charity event with this big smoker and man, I'm like, this is like Elon Musk style engineering on this thing. It's pretty, You know, and man, You know, they get out there and Yeah, they'll look at me and you doing Traeger and we're, that's about like a, that's our version of having a tutu on It is funny 'cause people want to do it all themselves.


The offset smokers. Like have you ever gone to Terry Black's here and see the lines of the offset smokers? Terry Black's is the number one barbecue place in the country, probably in the world. They cook more volume of barbecue than anywhere else on the country. And they have just line after line of these giant propane tank smokers and they just, With briskets churning it out. Beef ribs and spare ribs. See, when I, when I moved to Nashville being a South Georgia boy, I'd never even heard of Brisk. Really? We, there was, we only knew pork barbecue. And it just, so when I moved to Nashville and then like there's some dude there with a Texas brisket restaurant in Nashville.


I'm like, what are they talking about? Brisket. And this was 2001 I moved to Nashville. This is how insulated you could be in your own, You know, as we talk about the ways of the world changing, I mean, it's like, dude, I lived in a section and, and everybody North Carolina, it's Georgia, Alabama. We, they didn't, brisket was like, I think brisket was originally a German thing. I think it was like what the sausages, like there was cuts of the meat. Well the, the smoker thing came certainly from German immigrants that came to Texas. That's where the, the origin of the barbecue out here Is. And then the, the whole And then the brisket was like cuts that nobody else wanted. Right, right. So they figured out a way to take these cuts that nobody else wanted and turned them into something delicious.


They just had to do it over time. Yeah. And now it's like a preferred cut. You know, if you go to Terry Black's, the, the brisket's sensational And they're probably cooking. Yeah. The preferred cuts of like, which cut of the brisket would you like? Right. Not the, not the old flank meat down there. You know, probably you can probably get the rib eye and all that. I think It's all just how long you cook it for. Yeah. How do you, how you do it, what temperature? And they, they wrap it and then they unwrap it and they spray it. Like they have it down to a science. And then at the end it's like the, the, the key is you want to be able to fold it over your finger and not have it break apart. Just get it to just where it folds over. See our deal was just always smoke a big pig. You know, smoke a pig.


You know, You know, not, not the, not the ones big as this table, but You know about, about that long A hundred pounder. Yeah. Yeah. And walk up there on the family reunion and all the women were grossed out. 'cause You know, you're just pulling the, the big pig, You know, the big, You know, you can pull that meat off a pig. It's like that. So, God, we're getting hungry, Joe. I Know. That's the, the good thing about wild pigs too. So they're always available to hunt. Like the, one of the great things about Texas, it's, it's not good if you run a ranch or if you have a farm, but if you're a person who wants to hunt, you can hunt wild pigs through 65 days a year and always have sausage. Our place in me and my best friend, we've got a, like a quail hunting place in, down in the heart of south Georgia.


Tons of swamps. Dude. We were, Which You know, all the math and I'm sure you've brought it up on how many sow pigs or You know, they'll kick off 30, 30 pigs a year annually they can. Yeah. And then we would have, we would have 'em roll through our front, front yard. $30,000 of damage a night. Yeah. And the most, and for anybody out there listening, if you have this going on, we mounted, we mounted lights and all the trees around our whole lodge and you flipped them lights on and we had had one wild hog root up our yard since Really?


They will not come around those lights. They don't, they it's a great tactic. That's interesting. Yeah. And when somebody told him, You know, some good old boy told him and he was like, man, we'll try anything. 'cause you would walk out there And it looked like 300 landmines went off and the night before our, our yard looked like Augusta. Yeah. It's crazy, isn't it? I Mean they're, they're bad little dudes now. They do a lot of damage. I mean, in Texas alone it's millions and millions of dollars of damage of crops. Every year they shoot 'em outta helicopters here. You ever seen you ever done any of that? Have you? It is man.


It is, It's the most unfair type of hunting that's ever existed, man. If, You know, forget about, I don't know, You know, my children, I took my boys And somewhere there's a, You know, I hope he doesn't hear it, but there's a Navy Seal marine recruiter. 'cause my sons are ready for warfare after doing that. I'm like, but You know, my, I the guy that we took, You know, he's got a big beautiful high fence in me. You know, you get, you fly around and man, you can, You know, you he has to thin 'em out every year. Yeah, you have to. But it's so fun doing it out of a helicopter. You don't want to thin 'em all out. 'cause you keep wanting to, You know, you keep wanting to do it a little bit, but Yeah.


But it's a, you hadn't done that Yet. No, no. I'm still, I just mostly bow hunt 'em. Well, You know, the, our our our our pick stuff in in Georgia, man, it, it, it's fun Because you can go on a deer hunt, you can shoot some deer with a bow and then we'll take a rifle and, and late in the evening, the hogs will come out and, and You know, I Know a lot of guys shoot 'em at, at nighttime too. Yeah. Yeah. And then we like thermals. We have guys with the big, You know, with the big, You know, trap doors that trap 'em and stuff like that. So I mean they're, they're, they're probably the number one, You know, wildlife, I, I never will forget.


I, You know Right. When like maybe iPhones come out and you get your iPhone news updates and then I never even knew what the magazine like the New Yorker was or like The Guardian and all those things. Well, the New Yorker, I'm scrolling through and I see feral pigs And it was this huge article done by a guy, maybe the editor of the New Yorker, man, he did a great job with that article and just went through, and this was 15 years ago, I read that article about, You know, the feral hog problems. And, and You know, you would think I, I would, I don't know, I would think the New Yorker leans left quite leans quite left. Oh yeah. But the fact that this guy wrote the article from a per perspective of huge problem need to be, need to be dealt with, was pretty, pretty badass take on it.


So. Well, Once people see the sheer numbers, they're so overwhelming that you go, wait a minute, how, How are you gonna stop this? How are you gonna stop it from multiplying continually every year? Well you're not, you're not. There's places that you're not gonna get to them. It's Too many. Well, in Georgia and these, these swampy deals, you can't, You know, you can't, you can't helicopter 'em there. So that's when you get, You know, that's when you get these old boys with their, with their dogs and they run off in the run off in the, that'll help. But even then, once Joe, so here's, here's another thing. You think about this. So when I start my high fence, the year that I, that year that I started it, our Turkey population in Tennessee, which it's, it's been going through hell.


And you'll hear this, the Turkey population in Tennessee was one of the most amazing things I've ever seen. I mean, eastern Turkey hunting, one of the most beautiful things in the wildlife that the state of Tennessee has. And in my Turkey population was like, is amazing and still is. But we hired a guy and he put 110 traps out 110. And Knight one had a hundred over a hundred vart coons, possums armadillos. And the traps night one. So They're just killing all the turkeys. They Eat the eggs. Yeah. You know, they're, You know, a Turkey lays 12 to 14 eggs.


Now listen, I found this out this year. This is going, I hope I I if I can get a couple nuggets that you hadn't learned yet, that that's kind of the goal for the day. So, and Turkey does not lay their eggs all at the same time. Really? They lay their eggs one day at a time. They will, they lay it next to a water source. They go to the water source, hold the water in their mouth, drip the water on the eggs, periodically using the water to hatch them at the same time. 'cause a hen Turkey, if she had to hatch all the eggs hatch at the same time, but if she had to hatch 'em for 12 days, she could never keep 'em corralled properly.


Oh. So she manipulates with water. And if I'm wrong, now this is a biologist that told me this. Now I heard this this year totally blew my mind. So in the nest, and I've walked up on 'em. They got 12 or 13 of 'em sitting there beautifully. And whatever that hen does, she manages those eggs to hatchet the same time. Wow. And maybe, maybe now like a tortoise I guess, or a beach turtle or whatever, You know, I think they, they sped 'em all out that night. But a hen I a hen Turkey does not. Well, so one armadillo rolls by that nest. And that's a wrap. That's a wrap. She just lost 'em all.


And so there was a big study that went on in Tennessee about the decline of the Turkey population. So what do they do about that? They, they Try to hunt the departments. Well of all, well you, You know, well trapping now is so rare, You know, trapping, the art of trapping has gone down quite a bit. And the arm of the, the the, oh, and I'm not even bringing up coyotes in Tennessee, but, so yeah, if, if you can, if they can loosen up, Tennessee can loosen up their trapping laws and make it more available and, and you just gotta thin out those, You know, armadillos in Tennessee, you would've never, man, we woke up and we can ride around and shoot 30 a night.


Really? Armadillos 30 on a, on a don't They carry like crazy Man? I, I wouldn't recommend touching 'em. You know, they, they, You know, they say they do, but that, that's, that may do people eat them? I've never heard of that. But I, I, you probably can find somebody. They definitely eat Raccoons. They definitely eat raccoons. And definitely, I don't know about a possums, but if you, if you're eating a possum, you're, you are, you're very hungry. Your ass is hungry. So he was very hungry. But raccoons, I mean yeah, in Georgia where we grew up had had several oldtimers, man, they'd get 'em a coon And it was always a kind of a party deal, You know, sitting there. What does raccoon taste Like? I never had, I never, well, we got an old buddy down there.


He's like, You know what? Bald eagle tastes like owl. So I guess you could say raccoon. You know, I had a buddy of mine tell a game warden that joke. It didn't go over well. So, but there's A lot of shit that people eat that people would go What? Yeah. I mean, when you're talking about, I, I saw somebody do a do the pig deal with a full gator. Oh, I've seen that before. And I hadn't done that. I've had gator tail, but I hadn't had It. Yeah, let's take a giant smoker and put a gator in that there. Put the whole thing on. Yeah. And they skin, You know, skin it and, and all that. Put An apple in its mouth. Yeah. You, You know what's crazy in Georgia, there's a, there's a place rural, so all the chicken farms down there, huge chicken farms, all of them.


Well, what do you do with the chicken carcasses? Well, I mean, there's a lot that used to grind 'em up and feed 'em back at the chickens. But some of 'em get, well they feed them to Gator farms. Oh wow. They put 'em in a, put 'em in a, a limb, a limb shredder. Oh wow. And Now you talk about the most foul smell on the planet. Oh, go into a gator farm warehouse. Oh, Joe buddy. Just rot. Nothing can replicate. Maybe the Sir Stren challenge can rep, You know, the, the the whole Sir Stren joke thing. But what's that? You've seen where the guys pop the lid on the the Swedish fish?


No. Oh, Joe Sir Straumann, What is it? Oh, we did it at our, at our deer camp. It's like a aged sweetest fish that's rotten in a can. It's aged For years, like a sardine. And so yeah, the Sir Straumann challenge, I please Catch face. Dude, we pop that thing So people fish with them. They use it for bait, like for a catfish Or something. Look that people eat that. Oh, foul. And if you can stay in the room with it. Have You tried it? Dude? No one. I, no, I was outside 15 yards from it throwing up in the flowerbed.


All right, we gotta order some Jamie order. So I'm glad I didn't get you. We might eat it on fight companion, But Well Denver's on. So yeah, they're on the verge of passing a no fur law. So if Denver passes a no fur law, what are they gonna do about cowboy hats that have beaver skin lining? And then if you're gonna say no fur, How are you gonna say no fur. But you're allowing leather. So skin is okay as long as you take the furry part off. Is the furry part what's offensive? You know, if You know what you'd fucking, the, the chaos that would ensue if you outlawed leather. Everybody's belt is illegal.


Everybody's shoes are illegal. Air Jordans are illegal And they're calling it illegal. Illegal. Yeah. They're trying to pass a law. They're trying to pass a law where they ban fur. Sorry. No Worries. They've done it before. I mean, they've done it another place. Where Does it, like I said, where does it Joe? I'm out with America. It Just keeps going. That's the problem when I'm in America, It never fucking ends When I'm at. I know it never, never, it's Never gonna end. They're gonna keep pushing. It'll get to, you can't eat meat. It'll get to, it has to be lab grown meat. It'll get to, it'll, it could get as crazy as you could ever imagine. There's animal rights people that would like to push it in that direction. And you would've never thought that this would be possible. But you would've never thought that you would've biological males competing against females in high school sports.


And that's everywhere. And if you complain against that, you are a bigot. You're seeing the craziest of crazy thinking. There's people that think the pedophiles are minor attracted persons. And they'll, they'll talk about this as university professors teaching classes. It's been recorded. People have seen it. It's not everywhere, but it's enough where you go, I see where this goes. If it keeps going. 'cause none of this shit existed 20 years ago. If you go back to 2004, there was none of this shit. Nothing. A transgender person was a rare person with gender dysphoria. It was very rare. And there wasn't a lot of hatred towards those people. It wasn't a thing that people worried about. Now there is. 'cause everybody's like, what the fuck? Why is this in schools?


Why are you having them? There was a recent pool tournament where it was a women's pool tournament and in the semifinals it's two trans men, trans women competing against each other. Two men, two biological men that wear lipstick competing against each other in a women's tournament. It's fucking crazy. So I would've never thought that would be possible. So it Can get to where 20 years from now where There's no meat. It can get to the point where meat, there's this demonization of meat. You keep hearing about it all the time. Meat is the number one source of carbon. It's fucking complete total horse shit. It's not even number two, it's not number three. It's not even fucking close Cow farts. Yeah. It's the dumbest shit ever. And by the way, all of that is factory farming.


Regenerative farming is actually carbon neutral. If it doesn't, if they don't sequester carbon, it's actually good for carbon. There's a whole reason why there's a, there's a balanced ecosystem of cows eating grass and the grass fermenting in their stomach and then creating manure. And that That Regenerates Yes. Regenerates. It's carbon neutral. It's actually good for the environment and everything feeds off everything. There's a system that nature has evolved for millions of years. That's, that's the normal way it's supposed to be done. And You know, we're just living in a crazy time. Yeah. When you think of Denver and Colorado and the outdoors man, you gotta appreciate everybody's opinion of, You know, You know, the, the growth, You know, I mean the, the, it's a, it's a so, so old term.


The granola is Yeah, but it ain't granola no more. I mean it's, it's, it's, They're getting a lot further than granola. Granola used to be normal until they did. See, the thing is those people were weird and rare and they were tolerated, but then they got online and say if there's only 10 of 'em in this town and five of 'em in that town, well then now there's hundreds of thousands of 'em collectively in the country, all as a group. And then they think that they're activists. So they, they think that they're doing something good. So then they start saying things like, no fur in Colorado. Pass this bill. And you start saying, no meat, no more meat. No one should have meat. Okay, alright. Whatcha are you gonna do with these cows? Whatcha gonna do? You gonna go around castrating, all those bulls?


What are you gonna do? How are you gonna control the populations? Are you gonna let 'em go extinct? Are you gonna castrate all the bulls? Are you gonna let some of them breed? How are you gonna make this distinction? Are you gonna bring in wolves to handle them? What are you gonna do? What the fuck are you gonna do? It's whatcha are you gonna do with all those people that work at the butcher shop? What are you gonna do with all those people that work at the meat processing plant? What are you gonna do with all those people that have been transporting meat back and forth? What you do, all those jobs, all those families, all their income, all their businesses that they've had for a hundred fucking years. What are you gonna do with that? These people have like the most minimal understanding of the system. The connection. They're trying to influence. They, they don't know what the fuck they're doing by releasing wolves. They think wolves are beautiful. Yay.


You see the governor, he's releasing the wolves. He's like, yay. He's like so happy. Yeah. They're gonna be saying yay when they're, when they're, damn. I don't know, dude. The whole, The dogs getting eaten, Dog. Everything. Yeah. Dude, lemme tell you something. Well, Not only that, they brought in wolves that had a history man of killing cattle. The wolves they brought into Colorado. It's no different than the grizzly focusing on the, on humans. And man, we, I live just south of Nashville. We got 180 acres. I've got neighborhoods all around us, man. About every now and then, email goes out. Little Fluffy's gone. Coyotes. We put six coyote traps out on my farm one night, six for six.


Wow. And let me tell you what else is a little vicious. Son of a bitch. A fucking otter. Oh yeah. Otter's a fuck you Up. Let me tell you buddy. Those things are, I mean, Joe, I'm so like, I mean, I, we, like I said, my, my brain is bass fishing and all this stuff, man. We'll have otters come up into my bass pond and fuck Those bass Up. I'm talking about, they're fucking gone. The fish in three nights, the fish are gone and the otters eat one and play with the other ones that they kill.


Wow. And like you go by my lake, like I have a all female bass lake at my house, which you're going to, this is a whole nother fun deal. They will roll through there and eat my all females and just throw 'em up on the bank. There's carcasses. There's Like, how many, Oh, you get four otters in your pond on a 17 acre lake. They'll eat 20 baths a night. And you, the problem is you don't know you've been got Until it's too late till You've been God. Wow. And so, Joe a to grow a 10 pound bass is about $3,000.


And think about it, I've been loving on these damn fish. I've been walking out there making sure they're happy so we can all catch him and Yeah. Look at the damn damn otters roll. So they'll, if you have a overflow, a spillway on your farm, And it runs through your farm and dumps into a major river body of water, and that otter swims by that water dumping in that river, he is up that river. He's up that spillway into your lake. And he is, he has got you. Wow. And we'll put traps out, dude. And man, they just keep coming. Wow. Keep coming. And I'm talking about Otter pelts, I mean like the prettiest thing you've ever seen.


So do you turn 'em into coats or Anything? You, I mean, we've got enough where, You know, we can, we've got 'em skinned out in freezers and rolled up in our freezers and my, my farm guys. I mean, I think they're, but You know, the sad part is they're the market for that should be an amazing market. But I don't, I don't, I think 'cause everybody's scared to say they got a damn mater pelt. Yeah. You know, but yeah. Fur, it's fur's got a bad name. If it's got hair on it, leather's fine. None of it's fine. But leather's fine with people. No one has a problem with you wearing cowboy boots. Nobody gets mad. Yeah. See leather. Nobody gets mad at leather. All that is is fur with no, no fucking hair on it.


It's the same thing. It's Weird. But damn otters, man. Them little rascals, You know, they, I got, I'm building a lake at my place in Georgia and it's right on the Flint River. You're running wildlife management. I love, I love it, man. It's, it's so fun. It's so damn fun. Like it's, it's four hours of my day. And it also cleanses your mind. Right? Totally. It is just like Hunting. It's totally, And it is not for myself. You can't, my enjoyment is to watch the kid my fr my buddies, my, my children's friends come enjoy it too. Yeah. You know, my, my, my sons will bring a buddy home from school and next thing You know, Tate and his 13-year-old buddy are shooting bows in the front yard all weekend.


And this kid who doesn't have a dad that hunts or has the ability. Next thing You know, we, I got one kid, my, my tate's buddy James, his eighth consecutive weekend at my house hunting, just loving life, shooting bow and arrows. Did Did you show him how to shoot Correctly? Got it all. Got him dialed in. He shot his first dough this weekend. Nice. Just so fun. And so, so You know, the, when you meet these guys that they don't let anybody else enjoy it. I don't like those guys either. Yeah. And, and You know, I love to, I love to enjoy it with people. But You know, the bass fishing things, the blast. But my, my lake in, in Georgia, it's gonna be about 35 acres.


And I think we'll do an all female lake down there. Why? All female. So that way they can't breed. Your females are your trophy bass. Right. The big fat ones. The big fat ones are, But don't they have to get pregnant to be really big and fat? Well, You put 'em in and if you don't, they don't have to be pregnant. Well, they just have to have the big eggs. And when they lay 'em, they just have to have a Oh, I get it. So a male Fertilize em. That's right. Of course. So if you get 'em male in there, then the male, then you have a natural thriving. He'll Eat the babies too though. Right. The a male bass will forage on themselves. Yeah. And, but male ba now I have three lakes that are naturally their own ecosystem where we have to, You know, I've got a 82 acre bass lake that we have to catch 3,500 pounds of bass a year just to keep 'em from not choking themselves out.


Really? Oh yeah. It's 3,500 pounds. Hundred Pounds. So how, what do you do? Just call your friends? Dude, We have bass roundups and we get out there and we catch 'em and we'll load up coolers and take 'em into the little towns and give 'em, You know, have, give 'em to people. And I mean, it becomes a problem. It's a weird thing with large mouth bass too. 'cause a lot of people don't eat 'em. And yet they're delicious. They're good. They're great. Yeah, they're Great. They're basically the same as bluegills. Well, bluegill gills, blue gills, You know, like all the blue gills at my lake are, we feed them pellet food so they'll get big. So the bass will eat 'em. So the bass will get big. Oh. And you don't want to go eat a blue gill on PTs That's been parked under a pellet.


Yeah. But a little wild blue gill stream or a little natural creek where I grew up in Georgia. Like shell crackers and blue gill that eat like a cricket or a, that are eating live stuff. You filet one of them real small creek or river blue gills fry 'em up. Oh, nothing better in the world. Yeah. And then, And bass is similar to that. Oh, bass. If you, it's a's A nice flaky white meat, Flaky white meat. Get you a three or four pound bass, filet it like a red snapper. But people like catching 'em so much, they want you to release 'em. We, we spent our whole life, my dad would catch bass. We would filet 'em, he'd put 'em in a Pyrex dish, saute 'em, bake 'em, and then broil 'em on top.


And we'd eat ba we'd eat large mouth bass. You know, you could either have salmon croquettes that stink up the whole house, You know, or you knew your mama was cooking them or you can have fresh bass. You know. So we, we grew up. But isn't it a weird animal or weird fish rather, that a lot of people don't eat, but it's good To eat? Well, You know, you wouldn't want, you wouldn't want your, you wouldn't want everybody fish fishing your big reservoirs. Like Texas is the best big bass lake, reservoir state, right. In the country. You wouldn't want everybody out there keeping them. You know, you wanna practice, you wanna practice, catch and release on your big public reservoirs. Right. But You know, when you've got a private impoundment where You know, You know, you, you'd want, you, you want to, you want to keep your bass.


'cause your, your bass, you'll wake up. Let's just, let's just say you've got a nice brand new Bass lake. You built 10 acres, you stock it. You, you spend 50 grand to put your blue gill, your, your, all your fish in there. Well you don't, then you just don't ever catch 'em. Well then in five years you've lost it. Right. You have to manage it. Yeah. You're done. Your lake's done. Your, your, your three pound bass didn't have enough fish to get to four pounds. And then he missed a year growing. Or she missed a year growing. And then you just put a $50,000 investment in your bass lake and then you're out. Right. You might as well drain it. Start over. You know what I'd really like to do?


Get a place in the north and have a, a lake with pike in it. I think they might be my favorite thing to catch. 'cause there's so ruthless. That's such a ruthless fish. A animal Fucking dinosaur. A killer. They look like dinosaurs. First time I caught a pike, I'm like, why isn't this like the most exciting thing to catch? They fight hard. Or a muskie. Jesus. Oh, I've never caught one of those. Me either. That's the fish We got. We got a 10,000 casts. Yeah. See I'm not a I'm not that dude. Now I'll, I'll wait and hunt. Hunt. You know, I'm not a, like, I don't have to have the biggest, best animal my whole life. Like, I don't roll. You know, some people, they're like, They get into numbers.


They're size queens. S Yeah. Or score. I'm, I'm not that guy. I'm an experienced, let's have fun. Let's see a lot of animals. Let's catch a lot of fish. Let's keep a lot of action. Yeah. Let's keep the kids engaged. Yeah. You know, like when, when my boys were, You know, when my boys were four and five, I'd take 'em, you don't wanna take 'em out there on their first three bass fishing trips and you, you burn 'em in the hot sun and they catch one fish. Right. You, you want 'em engaged. Engaged and, and get 'em, get 'em going. But yeah, pike and all that, that, You know, steelhead and that northwest steelheading catching one man, I I don't, that's just, I hadn't done that.


I can't do that. I got That's a release fish too, right? They Release. Oh, those are, those are the Yeah, those are high on the list of, especially like sea run steelhead. You know, you have, you have some that are kind of locked in, You know, locked in the reservoir locked. But you get those, those big c run steelhead and they, they really hold them and they should hold 'em in high regard. You, you shouldn't, you need to leave those alone and let 'em, You know, let 'em come and go. Yeah. But then why you catching them? You know what I'm saying? Why you fucking with those fish? Because that's, it's a little bit of that. Yeah, I get it. It's fun. I'm not opposed to it.


I get it. But if I catch fish, I like to eat 'em. That's the whole reason why I'm catching fish. See that, You know what, That's why I like to catch walleye. I would still say you're in the majority. Yeah. Yeah. You're in. I think that's what it should be. I mean, imagine if you just run around shooting deer with tranquilized darts like I got 'em. Well, Yeah. A little weird. A little weird. Yeah. I I've I've seen Some just to prove that you did it, You Know? Yeah. You know, and then they make bumper, You know, they make bumper tips on bows. You can don donk deer in the ass and run 'em off and not, You know, and they're like, why are you donking a deer in the ass? You know? It's a little weird. Well, it's like they make those club heads so you could shoot squirrels and birds.


Yeah. You know, It just, well, You know, man, listen, dude, I grew up, You know, my little town of Leesburg, man, I mean, every year I got a pellet gun for Christmas and I got a, I got a full camo onesie or a of a coverall. And dude, I put my new pair of Chippewa hunting boots. I put my new set of, I put my new set of coveralls on with a camo pattern. I'd hit the neighborhood walking around with a pellet gun shooting the neighbor squirrels. And, You know, we, we'd, we'd eat 'em, You know, we'd eat 'em. Every now and then, this little old lady Mabel cowa, she, we'd skin 'em and she'd fry 'em with some wild rice.


And it taste Good If you cook a squirrel and do it right, man. It ain't nothing wrong with a squirrel. Isn't that crazy? That most people don't know that. Right. Squirrels are delicious. Squirrel honey. Isn squirrel dumpling very popular in parts. The south squirrel dumpling squirrel dumplings. Squirrel dumplings. Yeah. Yeah. It's instead of chicken, chicken and dumplings, squirrel dumplings. Oh, You, you, You know, you get a squirrel and clean it Right. And brine it for the night and cook it with dumplings and put some onions and celery and all that. And you're, you're off to the races. People think of them. They, they have like fluffy tail privilege rat, You Know, rats With tails Because you see a rat, rats have those slimy tails and people are like, that's disgusting. And they see that fluffy tail, like, aw, so cute.


Not much different, You know? Well, the, the, the fact that, You know, the fact that, yeah, I could run rampant with a at eight years, nine years old through the neighborhood riding my Honda 50 motorcycle, You know, through people's backyards, You know, chasing squirrels. And everybody's like, thank you. That damn thing's been in my attic chewing up my, my Pink Panther insulation for That's rural life, right? Yeah. That's rural people, but that's people that understand what's going on. Yeah. That's the difference between, if you did that in a, a neighborhood in Manhattan, people are like, what the fuck is this guy doing? We need these squirrels. If you they caught you in Central Park with a pellet gun, you'd go to jail First.


First round ticket first. Yeah. Do not, do not pass. Go do not click. If you break into a store and rabbit it, nothing will happen to you. They'll let you right out. But if, yeah. But if you get caught in Central Park shooting squirrels and eating them, you're gonna get in real trouble. It's wild. We live in a wild world. It's a very strange, distorted version of what human beings have been experiencing for most of history. No, I mean, nothing is wrong with hunting a little bit, You know, especially when 95% of the world eats meat. Yeah. It's a stupid argument. Well, and I think, You know, I think it's all Trinity too. I think now the beauty is now the education of, You know, I mean, you look at, You know, you look at the how great, You know, carnivore diets are being, You know, I've never done like a big old carni.


Have you ever done a big carnivore? Oh yeah. Yeah. Did it change your life? Oh yeah. That's mostly how I eat. Great. I eat Fruit and meat. Great. 99%. I fuck around. Like, my daughter likes to cook cookies. I had a big ass cookie the other day. It was awesome. I, I mean, I'm not ridiculous. Yeah. I'll, I'll eat other things. I'm not religious about it, but most of my diet, like 90% is just meat and occasionally fruit, fruit before I work out fruit, sometimes after I work out. But mostly it's just meat. Well, You know, like I said, the best thing about what you do here is you give everybody their platform to talk about their their way. Yeah.


And, and You know, your platform is enlightened meat. I mean, You know, dude, I've never, You know, I, I was around some dude it wasn talking about, You know, microdosing mushrooms and all that. Dude, I, I never saw a drug. I never saw a drug until I was 30. Did you see moonshine? Saw moonshine a lot. That's a Drug. Well, that is a fucking drug. Yeah. Well, and you're right. I mean, you drink, you drink a half jar of Mason, You know. Oh yeah. You gotta die. You are. Yeah. That's the crazy thing about alcohol is we've, It gets the mask. We put thing, we, we are having nicotine right now. This is a drug. And When I have these, It's a nice cigar, by the way.


It's perfect. It's very good. Very mild. And man, when I, I, I was 39 years old before I did any tobacco, really never dipped. My dad kept l Levi Garrett Taylor's pride. You know, the only time he wasn't chewing meant he had a life insurance policy. He had to, he had to, he had to get blood work and didn't wanna fail his life insurance policy. But I was 39. My mom, You know, my mom's a my mom's a character. She, You know, but never did tobacco never dip. I put one dip in one time and threw up outside the outside my high school. This old boy threw me a dip in and dude, big old Kodiak.


And I threw up outside the high school gymnasium and missed my fifth and sixth period. And I was like, dude, I don't need that. You remember those bricks, little squares of chewing tobacco? You bite a chunk off. Oh Yeah. You just, oh yeah. All the, and well, what I was getting at is I was sitting, we were celebrating a album release. I was 39 years old and one of my best buddies brought a nice DT off Churchill cigar. And any cigar I'd ever done. Now I had smoked a cigar like in Vegas. And most time back then, You know, I done drank a handle, a crown and smoked a cigar. And you wake up the next morning, you're like, You know, your life's over essentially.


Well, it's probably the handle of Crown, right? Well, we smoked that cigar and I sat in my rocking chair and just smoked that cigar. And I was like, man, this is kind of, It's kind of nice. This is kinda like therapy right here. All these people smoking cigars aren't stupid. It's gotta be something to it, man. They're chilled out. Yeah. They're, You know, it's a Nice conversational Thing to do. They are chilled. They're universally chilled out. But it's A drug. Oh, listen, it's a drug. Yeah. Let, don't, It's a drug. We're drinking coffee. That's a drug. This, this, the problem is there's a lot of drugs and some of 'em are really fucking bad for you. Here's the deal. I, and, and Ill call my buddy every now and then. That, and he was my buddy that bought me the cigar.


He was a lifelong Copenhagen and cigarettes here and quitting. And I called him, I'll call him periodically. And I'm like, you asshole. I'm stopping at a grocery, I'm stopping at a random cigar shop. I've gone four days without a cigar and I'm riding down the road and I determine right now I need one. You know, you weave across four lanes of traffic, find a, You know, and then next thing You know, you're smoking a grocery store. I mean a, a gas station cigar to just, but, but, hey, it keeps you, keeps you keeps the head clean. I like them. I, I, like I said, I think it's one of the best things for conversations. And I don't think you smoke 12 of them a day, You Know? No, no, I don't think so either.


But I know people who do. I know people who just go one to the other. They just chain smoke cigars. Yeah. Now my mother, dude, Salem ultralight one hundreds, three packs a day. Whoa. Four, four Bud Lights a day. Her whole life. Four Bud Lights every Day. Is she still with us? She's with us. Damn. That's the thing that always gets people, dude, where they're like, maybe I should quit. Hold on. Well, look At Lou's mom. Listen, my mom man, dude, she, Joe, she, she's curved the beer. She's curved the beer a little bit. She'll drink her a couple o duals. But she's gonna have her one or two Bud Lights Every day.


Every day she's going to three packs. Might she's, but she's like a, You know, it's like if she's walking into the, to the, to Dillards or to the TJ m she's like, oh my God, I'm walking in, Take a couple of Puffs, take a couple and hit, You know, litter the parking lot. But she'll, she'll pan fry a ribeye in butter, pan fries a ribeye. That's probably what's keeping her alive. Pan fries, a ribeye fries, some shoestring french fries. And that's her damn meal. Four to five nights a week. 4 76 glorious years. That's probably why she's healthy And is ready to chew my ass out at any moment.


And how many cigarettes do you think she's down to a day? I, I hope she's probably at a pack and a half. But man, when you do the math, when I used to sit her down and do math, You know, her and my, my, her and my dad were married 32 years and divorced. And so when she went out kind of on her own, I'd sit her down and do the math on four Bud Lights, two and a half packs of Salem and four Pan Fried ribeyes. It, that's becomes a damn number annually. I think the ribeyes are fine. Leave her alone with the ribeyes. You know what? But through the years I've gotten Miller Light endorsements, I, I would get Miller Light. Like I, I'd be like, mama, there's a Miller Light truck pulling up to your house. It's gonna deliver you a pallet of Miller Light.


Just try, Just Try to fall in love with Miller Light. Right. But nope, Bud Light, I'd get home for, You know, get home two months after the pallet got there. You know, there the pallet sits calling my buddies. Hey boys. A lot of people had like a personal crisis when there was the Bud Light boycott. There was a lot of people like, I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. When Kid Rock shot that Bud Light, And then he kept selling it in his bar. We drank some, I know we drank some on the podcast we did together. Yeah. And I, I love him. He Let it go. After a while, he let it Go. He did. I love him. He, he's been, he's been a, a damn good buddy of mine and has, has come to my charity event.


He's a wild boy. He's Awesome. I love that dude. He's, He's, He's a lot of fun. He's awesome. But when I saw him do that, I was like, Oof. Imagine being the CEO of Bud Light and seeing that like, oh no, kid Rock just shot our beer With a fucking automatic And was like, fuck Anheuser-Busch. Like, no. And I mean, that alone probably cost him billions of dollars. Just having him do that when Our beer, yeah. When our beer, when our beer is, is Political. Political. We are like, Not just our beer, but Bud Light, the Bud Light, the beer that sponsored more boxing matches, more sporting events.


More people have been drinking Bud Light. I mean, think about all the people who swear by Bud Light Post Malone's always drinking Bud Light. Well, and then, You know, my, my wife's dad is a, is a Budweiser fucking 12 pack a day dude, man. And You know, he had to, he had to hear a little shit from his buddies about it. But, You Know, people get in fights and bars. I have a friend who owned a bar. We, we stopped carrying at the mothership 'cause nobody was buying it. We stopped carrying Bud Light. 'cause nobody was buying Bud Light. Have we checked on where it It's come back Fully? No. Yeah, I don't think So. I think there's a bunch of holdouts that are always gonna go fuck those liberals forever. Yeah. But the lady who came up with the idea is gone.


Like the whole, the whole marketing team behind. They're all gone. An Anheuser-Busch is an American company that it's employed American people forever. It's a great company. They just fucked up. They get caught up in the mind virus. Anheuser-Busch taught us that beer is wonderful for Christmas and Clydesdale's and d Dalmatians are the equivalent of, of Jesus and Christmas. Well, you remember those Bud Light guys, the real American genius guys. Remember That? Yeah. Remember that? American genius? They had great commercials. Dude, I would cry over the Dalmatian Clydesdale commercial. You remember when the little the little puppy? Yeah. He's riding on the Clydesdales.


And then find that Jamie, find That, oh shit. It's like a freaking hallmark. You would never think that that company could get taken down, but that just, I think it wasn good. It was bad for Bud Light, but I think it was good. Here it is. Let's see it. We're gonna get all sweet. Here We go. Oh, adults. Oh, the little puppy. Wake Up. Listen to that music. Gonna Who? Aw, little puppy got out. Yeah. Oh, poor puppies lost. This is for beer. This is for Beer. Yeah.


Poor little puppy. Wow. What a commercial. Who we need to find. Oh god, wolves there in Colorado. The horses saved the puppy from the wolves. Have a bud. Very effective commercial. You know, real quick. You're Happy. Well, yeah. And then there's the one where the, It is a dalmatian two that, that grew up and then got to the, the old Dalmatian and the little, You know, they're riding the, and the young Dalmatian sees the old Dalmatian, and I think the old Dalmatian kicks the bucket and then the new Dalmatian takes its place.


And then you're like, oh my God, it's the best thing ever. Yeah. Well, and that company got taken out by having a transgender woman on their can. But it just shows you how prevalent this whole mind virus is that it even got into Bud Light, which is just bizarre. But You know, the lady who's responsible for it all, basically shit on the entire customer base, You know, saying that they have a fratty sense of humor and we need to update it and make it more inclusive. And like, do You know what you're saying? You are alienating all the people that buy it and love it and counting on people who don't buy it and love it to start buying it and loving it.


And maybe that'll work. But you just alienated everybody who buys it and love it. It's the dumbest poker move of all time. The, The, the worst is the dumbest move. Well, You know, when you look at country music too, I mean with country music, I mean, it is what it is. There's things that it is, and you gotta, you gotta love on what it is and then you gotta grow it too. I mean, there's, there's sensible ways to grow it and, But it has to be up to the artist. Just express themselves honestly. And if the artist is a country artist that has a different perspective, let that be. But leave all the rest of it the way it is too, Buddy. The, with every successful music artist that's ever lived, it, it, they may have faked you out that any, any genre, but country is even country's tough because once you show any un un auth inauthenticity Yeah buddy.


You're you're done. You're done. I can imagine. Like, dude, I mean, Yeah, Like, dude, my biggest, like when I, man, You know, I got, my thing was tight jeans. You wouldn't imagine me wearing tight jeans on stage. How much that piss pisses people. Well it's 'cause you're handsome, but that's probably the problem. A good looking guy up there. Tight jeans Shaking ass Shaking that ass, showing that bulge. Get outta here, Dude. And then I'm like, well Bring back Merle Haggard. What the fuck is this? So Joe, You know, one thing, You know, my biggest my biggest hurdle ever in my, my career, And it, it still breaks my heart to this day.


I, You know, back when I, my only way to, your only way to make it in music is you've gotta stop people's eyeballs on you. You gotta grab 'em vocally, visually, musically different. You gotta get 'em to stop for two seconds and go, what, what, what is that? What is that fucker doing right there? And when I came out with Country Girl, shake it for me on the, on the CMAs, shaking my ass. I mean, I had to do it that way in my opinion.


I had to go, this is my moment to show country. Go check it for me. And I'm the guy that dances and, and don't give a damn. And let's have some fun and come along for the ride. And it was amazing. It was amazing. You know, the fact that I'm a Georgia boy at the time and I was talking to Texas people. I was talking to everybody. Well then at some point a label for me came, became Bro Country. Oh, had you ever even heard that term? I Did. I did. Because of you. Yeah. Well, So I heard it and I'm like, well, bro, country.


Well then I started seeing the people making fun of bro Country. And I'm like, well this is kind of fucking pissing me off. And then, and then me and some other artists start getting looped into this bro country phase. Well, I, when I was in my form of coming up as an artist, and I don't even know we can, we don't have to live on this long, but you'll be amazed, dude. So I would go play, I, I I made my way by going to Georgia and play in Georgia College towns in, in the southeast. And even I played Auburn a little bit. Auburn, Alabama. And that, that school, I ne I I always wanted to break into Auburn and Tuscaloosa because I was always a Georgia artist.


Well, I started branching out. Well dude, I'd get done with a college party. I'd walk off stage. The first thing that would happen is, You know, 3, 6, 9. Damn. She fine. Give it to me. Give it to me one more time. Get low. Get low. I mean, and right when my set got done, hip hop, the, the, the, the, the vibe went to a nightclub. And I'm standing, I'm at the, I done walked off the stage, went to the bar, ordered the beer, and watched everybody that just let me play Merle Haggard, Johnny Cash, all the classics, my couple of new songs.


And I was like, well man, this is, nobody's got a fucking problem with this. This is, this is, we're all together in this good time. So when I did Country Girl Shake It for me, that made that tie Crossover. It combined them, it made it tie to a little bit. Yeah. And then Jason Alde had his she's country fucking biggest song. When I heard, I mean, at the time when Jason and I are buddies, he does, she's country. I do country Go shake for me. And he, me and him are like, we're like this shit. Our lives are, I mean, I toured with Jason one year and he broke all of Elvis's indoor records.


We did it for two years. I was the opener and Jason was the headliner and people, and, and rap was, we were playing rap before the show. And, and everybody was, and well then Bro Country comes along. Dude, I wake up on the bus one morning and I got this interview sitting there drinking my coffee and my fucking underwear. And this dude calls me with Hits magazine and he goes, well Luke, You know, man, this bro country thing. And I said, well, well hold up buddy. Here's what this is.


And I said, and man, I did this and I made one fatal error. And at the time, Joe, no one hated my ass. I believe that. I mean, I I, 'cause I was coming to Billy Bob's playing in, in, well I had Texas, I had the, the, the, I had the, I had, I'd go to, I'd go to Bozeman, Montana and play Country Girl Shaker for me. I'd go to everywhere. Well, and I said, man, I don't know how to be an outlaw. I'm not an outlaw.


I that ain't, I'm a, I'm a college dude that played frat parties with country music. I played, I was like, I fucking did not go sit in a prison cell, right. Like Merle Haggard and write songs about guys going to death row. And I didn't go to Folsom Prison. And man, I, I, I listed all the, I li I was like, I'm not like Willie Nelson. I don't do Willie Nelson. They, they're outlaws. And I said, if it's broke country. And that's what I'm labeled as I said, and where I fucked up is I said, I haven't woke, I haven't spent the night like sleeping on the street. And I didn't say like Johnny Cassius song Sunday morning coming down.


That's what I meant. I just didn't tie it well that dude took that article and said, Luke Bryan says outlaw country people are ba basically drug addicts that sleep in the street. And man, I pissed that whole, that the way they manipulated that story, I lost that whole crowd right then. Wow. Broke my heart and way like, I think Waylon Jennings daughter went real public with being, I mean, she's fucking mad at my ass. And dude, she went on there going, You know, Luke, my dad never laid and I never meant that. I just meant yeah, Waylon was in there too.


But we all know what all those guys are because we got to watch all the documentaries about those guys and we got to be students of those guys. Well That's the problem with interviews is first of all, they're trying to get you, Well, your interviews are the beauty. Well, and you, no one's, no one's gotten pop more than you because they'll take our man, I hope we sit here and bullshit for three hours. But they'll take your five minutes right. Outta context. And It ha now they'll ai you, That's happened a lot. Yeah. So, well the, so what happened, man, that thing started growing and man, I had motorcycle gangs wanting to burn my house down. I had oh my God. When, when you get misrepresented in that type of deal.


And then the, the subcategories of articles, then the article of the article of the Article, what year was this? Man? I, I don't know. We, I don't It was probably 2012 or 13. So This was when social media, it wasn not as impactful. It was becoming, Was YouTube even around then? Yes. And clickbait, the world of clickbait was was getting just Starting out, Getting rocking. Right. And, but what, so what I did is, man, I called Waylon Jennings daughter and, and said, ma, I said, ma'am, I, I just forgot to say like the, like the Chris Christopherson song Sunday morning coming down.


That's all I meant by that. And I think she accepted, I called what I, I text Willie, he sent me the best reply. He goes, he goes, it's okay to step on your dick. Just don't stand on it. I called Jesse Waylon, I called Jesse Coulter, and she goes, Luke, what did you mean in the interview? And I told her, and she goes, Waylon stopped doing print interview. And, And it was, and then, but by then the, the, the narrative started. And since then I can all, I can always tell that if if that one little thing, I probably would've kept that whole base.


And then the, oh my God, he wears tight jeans and he must, You know, he must homosexual on the side. You know, as I'm, as I'm posing with my, my, my, You know, my all American family. I think it's probably a thing also, they think Hollywood has invaded country music, which is always a big threat because there's so much money in country music that they think these Hollywood executives that don't understand or appreciate real country are gonna come in and make something inauthentic. So then they hear you saying that get misrepresented and then they take it as a part of all of that. Right. Joe la So my album came out, IIII, I put a, i I worked on an album for three years.


It's called Mind of a Country Boy. And I put it out like 1st of October. And I didn't want to put the damn album out because the reality is, is I'm not at the height when every artist hits their peak. Every You know it, I mean, I sold out, I was selling out football stadiums first day, three or four years I did it. I know that's my peak probably. I know it is. Fuck. I'm not going to even say properly. I'm a realist. Well, so we put the album out and I said, You know what, the albums no albums sell, nothing sells anymore. So I knew there was gonna be a negative take on the album.


I knew something negative would come by me putting the album out based on it may not sell. And it, it sold what it would And it didn't do, it did what I thought it'd do as me being the artist where I'm at in my life. Especially In this world of streaming. Right. Nothing's buying Anymore. Nothing's buying. Well dude, I did 2040, I did 40 hours of 40 hours of, You know, all the stuff. The What what's happened is because of online advertising being the primary source of income for news, they have to do clickbait shit. They have to distort things and then they have editors that don't give a shit about anything other than the bottom line. So you get a writer, even if the writer's a good person.


I've had writers that I know have written about people that I know. And they told me that their editor came in and changed things. They told, they told me their editor came because The editor's ass is about to get canned. Yeah, exactly. Because They, his company just got bought by big con conglomerate. Exactly. That, that's why artists should just stay away from that shit. Well, and I you do and I knew it. What sucks Yeah. Is dude, I, You know, you, You know it, You know when you're getting baited. Yeah. You can see it coming a mile away. You have to film everything you do, every conversation you have with someone. You should film the mall so that no one could take you outta context. Yeah. And then if anything goes wrong, so that guy's full of shit. This is what I said I did, and then I did.


And then Maybe even make a video. I did. I did. And those people should be shamed. It's hate it a ter hate. It's a terrible, evil ugly thing you do. You crush people's perspective. You change how the world looks at people just for clickbait. And it could, it could genuinely affect someone's life and career. Dude, Man, listen, You know the deal. I mean, I grew up in South Georgia and You know, we've raised our dang kids co like colorblind. It's so awesome. I'm so proud of their colorblindness. Isn't it funny that that is a negative thing to say today that people don't like that idea? Did did I just say something negative? Yeah. There's a lot of people that don't think you should be colorblind.


They think you that that's a lie. Should See, I thought that Way it wasn what we were all working towards until about 2012. Have you ever seen like the numbers? I'm, I'm gonna send you this, Jamie, because this is what people need to understand. A lot of what we're all experiencing is manipulation. And a lot of this manipulation might not even be from our own country. A lot of this manipulation is what happens when you have foreign entities that are manipulating people. Oh yeah, that's it. Thank you. Look at that Jamie. You're the best yearly mentions of prejudice in popular US news media outlets. Now look at what happens. Look at this crazy spike.


So you have everything from 1970 until you have like 1990. See what's going on in 1990, between 80 and 90 you have cable. Okay? So now you have people that need more eyes on their shit. So you have Fox News, you have a lot of this. You have people who get a little bit more jazzed up. Look at transphobia. You never even heard what the fuck it wasn until 2010. Look, look how it just jumps up in 2020. In 1990 didn't exist. 1980 didn't exist. Islamophobia, same deal, antisemitism. Scroll all the way up to the top though, Jamie. So look at racism.


Racism is essentially fairly steady until around 2012. And then it goes on this wild ramp straight up the New York Times from 2010 to 2020, it goes up 712% Los Angeles times 756%. It just skyrockets all the mention of racism. Why? Because no one wants racism. No one wants to be racist. Everyone's scared of being called racist. And all the race hustlers love to call people racist. So it becomes a commodity. So people start chain trading in racism. And this idea that you shouldn't be colorblind and then you should recognize race, you should recognize color.


And it like, stop. We were on a, we were on a good path. Yeah. What Martin, Martin Luther King said, judging people based on the content of their character. We were on that path. And social media and manipulation fucked us. And hopefully we realize what happened now. And I think there'll be a downward trend and people sort of like wake up. And I think that is, that's one thing that is balancing out right now with the internet is enough. People are realizing they've been manipulated. So it's starting to like, calm down. A lot of this woke shit starting to die off. And it's, people are coming to their senses. Like what? Like everybody just woke up from a fever dream. But as far as your situation and dealing with the media, don't, oh, I know. Just don't you should you have a But when you're so dang, You know, the deal, you, you're, You're naive.


You're a little bit naive Because you're a nice guy, but it's because you're a good person. Yeah. That's why you're naive. You assume other people Are good people. Well, You know, You know what's amazing is when I'm at on American Idol, that desk and I've been doing it for nine damn years and I have cried with everybody. When those kids come in, they are, everybody walking through that door is a microcosm of America. And man, I've sat there and loved and loved and learned, man, do you, do you enjoy doing that? Like seeing new talent pop up? I nothing is more amazing than watching a broken kid with with with that's been told they're not good and they come from everywhere.


They, it, it could be the man, the the craziest thing is the, is the, is the kids that were raised in the homes of doctors that the doctor family can't wrap their head around my child wanting to go try this fucking music thing. What? Well, you're, we're doctors. We're doctors and man, when they branch out and the family gets behind them and then they go and follow their dreams and man, it's really, it doesn't get old. I mean, listen, I mean, it's a fun chair to be in. It's a fun chair to be in because that door opens and it's a, it's a life that comes in and you don't know what the hell, You know, we, we have a note or two like, You know, just lost their father to cancer three months ago, You know, from a small town.


But other than that man, we don't know what they're gonna do and how they're gonna react. And it's pretty cool. I mean, You know, when, and and, and when I had just moved to Nashville when American Idol was just, I mean 40 million viewers a week and the the, You know, the the, the tone in Nashville is, that's the cheap route to get famous. 'cause I I, I came up through, you gotta play a thousand nightclubs. You gotta go, you gotta go through, you gotta meet the record labels, you gotta do the radio, you gotta go meet everybody at radio. So the whole town in Nashville was like, well it's not totally fair. They get just pop on TV and, and and search, You know, and, and skip all the, but now, I mean now all that's gone.


Which is great. Well here's an example. Oliver Anthony totally. Oliver Anthony has one song he releases. It's the most pull up that song because this fucking song, this dude releases, I heard when it's just a camera and him with his guitar. When I heard it, I was like, holy shit, that's fucking amazing. And holy shit, that guy better have some songs to come behind it. Yeah, well he's a talented motherfucker fucker. I mean a very, very bright man. And it's what life sh Working all day overtime, hours. Listen to that Bullshit. So I can sit out here and waste my and my trouble away.


Damn shame. Listen to that. This dude was selling equipment. He'd never even done a concert. First concert he does Is like 18,000 people at a state fair. And he's as genuine as you can. You had him on here. Correct. And I had him on here and I actually gave him advice. How did he do? He did great because I, I gave him advice before I met him. 'cause he was in the middle of all this and he goes, Hey man. He goes, can I talk to you? We talked on the phone. I'm like, what's up? He's like, man, I'm getting all these offers from all these people. They wanna buy this and buy that and they want to give me $7 million if I do this and sign that. I said, stay independent. I go, you have talent.


Everyone's saying I have to act now. I go fuck those people. I go, you don't have to act now that's famine thinking. I go, you're talented man. And I had to heard a couple of his other songs as well. He's fucking talented and he's genuine. And I go, you can't fake that. Just stick, stick, stay independent man. Because they're not gonna offer you anything. Those people are just gonna, they're the reason why they want to give you a lot of money is 'cause they're gonna make way more than they're gonna give you. 'cause the only reason why they want to give you money, they want a piece of you before you become one of the biggest stars in the world. Yeah. And then they own a chunk of you forever because they gave you $7 million and you didn't have any money. I go just bank on yourself, man. Yeah. And, and guy, You know, the beauty of ILE is, is, and and guys like this, there's so many avenues now.


Yes, you can go the old fashioned route, you can go the quick route, you can go the idle route, you can go stream on, You know, you can go video yourself on all your social platforms and the right song can blow you up. But then, and then you gotta go do the real work. You gotta do the real. And that's, we tell Kids other, other bullets in your chamber. That's what we tell the kids on ILE now. I think when Idle was really, really, obviously when Kelly Clarkson and, and Carrie Underwood won and, and even people after that, they went, they still, they went their ass to work too. And it's An insane opportunity. It's Insane. Yeah. And, and You know, these kids on idle now, they love seeing their, their social media platforms go up a thousand percent and it's worth it.


And You know, we, You know, and, and there's gonna be bumps in the road and it's, You know, it's still, You know, it's still, You know, there there's gonna be a, You know, a group of people saying, You know, American Idol may exploit these kids, but man, I'm in the back. I'm behind the scenes on everything. And man, we, we want, You know, they want, when we get a kid that we love, man, we sit around, we go to dinner and we talk about that kid and love him. And, and these, I think, You know, these kids leave it going, man, it wasn a great experience for them. I hope so. But You know, I'm sure they do.


And it is an insane opportunity if you want to be a professional musician and you wanna make a career out of it, it's one of the most unbelievable moments. You gotta do your path. Yeah. You got my path was my path And it was unique to mine. And because yours is different, that don't mean I need to hate you for it. Or there's A lot of that shit with comedians today too. Oh. Because a comedian will have one clip or he is doing some crowd work or one clip of one bit that everybody loves and then all of a sudden he's selling out and everybody's like that guy. And he only had one good joke. Yeah. He's only been around for three years, but so what He let him run with it. Let him run with it. You know, it's, it's, we are living in a new world.


It's like the song, It is a new world. Everybody's, why wouldn't We all want someone else to win? Right. What is wrong? What's wrong with people winning? It's like you have figured out how to feed yourself with a guitar. Yeah. You've figured out how to tell jokes. Yeah. And make a living. And, and You know, all like, man, like I said, dude, I won't even post my damn deer I killed. 'cause I don't want to, I don't want to get online and be there with a glass of wine at 3:00 AM and start motherfucking people like, dude, I I want to kill.


I wanna kill them. And I I, yeah, if you, and like I said, you get over it, you get over it, but man, it pisses you off. I I don't read anything I, I tell everybody don't read anything. Don't read anything about you. Just don't, don't read the good stuff. Don't read the bad stuff. I, I do good with it. And I mean, hell, I mean, I'm sitting there with a 48-year-old man, my shit's in the bank. But it still makes you Mad. It still makes you mad. It doesn't matter. Even if you're undeniable, it doesn't matter. It's a human, it's a human instinct to read negative things and get upset because humans always had to worry about threats. And if the threats were other tribes or predators or whatever, You had to attack that threat.


Yeah. Yeah. So we're always, we're mentally conditioned to look for threats. What is a fight Or fight or flight or Something? Yeah. Yeah. Well it's also, it's like if you have a hundred people who love you, but one that hates you, that one is the one you're gonna think about. You're not gonna think all the people that take, they say you're awesome. You're gonna think about that one that hates you. And then you have to think about the kind of people that post comments. Most of the people that post comments are miserable people. Not the positive comments, but the negative comments. I started a thing, You know, and I know you got people in your world where man, You know, there's assholes and you'll huddle up and you'll spend an hour talking about how you can't believe how big a asshole that person is. Yeah. And I'm like, guys, we're 15 minutes in on talking about this person being an asshole.


We Wasted 15 minutes of our life, we wasted 15 minutes on all it's trying to figure out. Yeah. Why can't they stop being an asshole? You basically wasted one 100th of your day On somebody that, On somebody that sucks. You only get a hundred of those 15 minutes in a day and you wasted one talking about a shithead. It's a mess. But it's a normal thing that people do. You just gotta not do it. You gotta realize this is a new World. And I've conscious swear when I see, when I see other buddies doing it, I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Get Outta there. Yeah man. I recognized it when I was on television before social media. There was a thing called the, there was these Hollywood magazines like Variety and the Hollywood Reporter and I would always call them the Devil's Rag because I would get to the set of the TV show and everybody was reading the Devil's Rag.


They were like, oh, I can't believe they're number two. We should be number, we should be right after friends. Oh. And they would, everybody was upset. And I was like, you guys are, I'm on tv. I don't know what the fuck is wrong with you people. I'm on television. I can't believe I'm on tv. You guys are upset that we're number 30 instead of number two or whatever the fuck it is. Can't we just appreciate the fact that this is back when there was only like five networks? Can't we appreciate the fact that we're one of the luckiest human beings that have ever lived. We're on a fucking television show. And yet you're reading these magazines and it's like, is it Thomas Jefferson who wrote that quote? Comparison is a thief of joy, but whoever, was it wasn it Jefferson?


I know we know who it, we've read it before. But that quote is so accurate comparison. It's, that's why billionaires, I, I know a dude is worth like a billion and a half dollars and he thinks he's broke because he's friends with like Jeff Bezos. I do not get into that. You cannot get into that world there. You can't win. You can't win. 'cause you're in a crazy fucking numbers race And it doesn't mean anything. You're not even enjoying what you have. So my wife for her fir 40th birthday, man, I surprised her and I rented her, never done anything. We went, rented like 120 foot boat and took all her college friends down to St.


Bart's for New Year's. Have you ever heard of this scene? No. Dude. Is it crazy, Joe? So first of all, I mean this boat that we got is of 120 foot Westport. Beautiful. We get to same boat. I didn't know what the fuck we were doing. Oh, you're in the yacht world. Okay, so you're entering into these worlds of 200 foot boats, 250 Foot boats. The, the oligarchs. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I've seen that before. And it's in St. Barts and they all, they all float there for I know what you're talking about. Yeah. New Years. And it's all dick measuring contests, Dude.


And my captain of that little boat, which that boat looked like, our boat that we were on looked like their shuttle boats. Right. And I, my captain, I said, did you ever pilot one of those? He goes, oh yeah. He goes, I said, what, what the, what were they doing on there? He goes, looking at the other boats wondering. I said, that dude is on a fucking billion dollar yacht and pissed at the other billion dollar yacht. Yeah, that's real. They're all in competition with each other and they're all hating, You know, and, and I'm entering in. Yeah, you just gotta get your little world, like my little world now keep it tight. My little Tennessee hunting world. Yeah. I tell people all the time, they're like, come on down to my ranch.


I'm like, man, I got, I got my little deal. Yeah, it's enough. Stay sane. Keep it tight. What Are they doing on that boat, Cat? Isn't that nuts? Imagine being on a 250 foot yacht. Looking at the dude on the 300 foot yacht going, God damnit, I gotta upgrade. I was talking to a dude who pilots yachts, and he was telling me that they, they always wanna sell 'em. They always wanna sell 'em and get another one. He goes, all these yachts are always almost for sale. I go, how come he goes? 'cause they're always want another yacht. They always want a bigger yacht. It's a trap. It's a giant trap. Imagine having all that money, you not even appreciating it. 'cause you're worried about making more. Remember when we were kids, if you said like, what would you do if you had a million dollars?


Man, never work again. I'd fucking Just, well, You know, I, I remember dreaming. Did, did you lay in bed and just be like, I remember dreaming about trying to do it and how, how I was going to go, How are you gonna get rich? How am I going to get, I wouldn't say, rich, how, how am I going to be able to have my own little, my own bass pond? Right. Because I would have to call other people and get permission. Right. And that dude, the anxiety of calling old farmer, right. Going, Hey, You know, farmer Johnson, can I go fish your Bass Lake? I don't know Luke. Not today. I'd be like, fuck. And So I, I remember doing that.


And then when you start achieving it, man, I, I still, I mean, I, I don't, I don't think it's, I don't think I'm living in that world of like the other Right. Digging, You know? I think you can for a minute. Yeah. I think it can. I think you can for a little bit. Like, but it's A trap. It is a trap. And the problem is, it's all numbers. Nu it's like, You know how dudes are crazy with deer? Like, I want a 200 inch deer. Say I 200 inch mul deer. You can't do that. I want a 400 inch elk. They get crazy with numbers. You know, I talked to this dude who worked on a ranch and the, they have big elk on this ranch. And he said sometimes the contras are really happy with the elk. And then they'll put a tape to it and measure it. And it's 3 96 and they get bummed out. 'cause it's not 400.


I'm like, those people are sick. You should never have them here again. You should boy ban them. They should never be allowed to be here again. That's a sickness. But that's what happens with these people. With everything. Man. I never had a dream of being wealthy. It was never a dream. It was never even an, never even in my imagination did I ever think I was gonna be rich. I never even thought about it. I, when I started doing standup comedy, my dream was to be a professional. 'cause I always had jobs. My dream was to be able to pay my bills with comedy. I looked at all the dudes. Well, it wasn. Yeah, it wasn Now my dream. Yeah. Let me make sure I didn't steer you wrong on that. My, my dream was to, to do these things out of being driven.


Like write a, I mean, when I moved to Nashville, I wrote on a chalkboard, write a number one song. You know, win a win a CMA award, You know. Oh, You had like a vision board? I Had a little vision board. Nice. But I, I didn't understand, I didn't really comprehend the money after that. Right. 'cause I didn't know it and I didn't know, like, like people are like, I'm a big Georgia Bulldog fan, and they're like, did you go to Georgia? And I'm like, buddy me going to the University of Georgia when I was 18 years old. I mean, I, I barely, my dad barely got the money for me to go to the community college 12 minutes down the road.


So going to Georgia didn't, Wasn't even a thought. I didn't even put it in there. Right. So, go ahead. Well, I'm just saying that when I see people that that's all they care about is the money. And then they're always thinking about the richness and the, I just think it's a trap. And it, the problem is if you're always comparing yourself to other people, you're not gonna enjoy what you have. You're not enjoy this experience, temporary experience of life. Right. You know, Because it is temporary. It's so quick. I'm 57 years old. How the fuck did that happen? All of a sudden you just keep getting older and then, You know, one day you're dead. And I bet on your deathbed, you're like, how did it happen so quick?


How did it happen so quick? What are you doing with your time? And are you enjoying it? And I think you need things outside of what you do that you love and like for you. And I, I think it's hunting and the outdoors because I think it balances you. I think there's something very spiritual about it. I think there's something just being in the woods is, it's a very spiritual experience. Like a real spiritual experience. Like there, I think it's like a vitamin that you don't know you need until you get it. And when you get it, you feel better. When I'm out there, I feel better. I just feel better. I'm like, the air's cleaner. I feel more in touch with being alive. It just feels better. And I think I'm not thinking about anything else when I'm, if I'm elk hunting, I'm not thinking about jokes and I'm not thinking about podcasts gas.


I'm not thinking about Jack shit. I'm just thinking about what I'm doing. That's it. It's, and it's, it's very difficult to do. And it, it's, you have to really focus and you're thinking about it and you're always trying to improve. And this, that alone is good for your brain. It's good for your wife. You know, I, I lost, You know, I lost My brother and my sister and my sister's husband passed away. And man, when, and then yeah, it, I lost My brother at 26, my sister at 39, and her husband died at 45. And man, it is present. The, the daily appreciation of this deal Yeah.


Is Visually present. Isn't that crazy about people though? It's like you almost, and that people need to lose something to be able to appreciate what you have. Well, and I tell people, man, You know, you, you meet, I tell people, man, really be careful because if you make it to 80, you're gonna get, you're gonna get popped with something. I don't think you can get through this thing Like some kind of a disease or something. No, no. I don't. Well, I'm saying you're gonna lose something. Yeah. You're gonna lose something dear. Oh yeah. You're not gonna get through A to Z without really a hard, a hard loss. No. That's, It's just a part of life.


And, but some people man, they're just delusional. They just, and then Well, they're delusional. And then a lot of people are medicated too, so that they don't even know what the fuck is going on while they're living this life, they're living this life under the influence of the pharmaceutical drug companies. And they're just floating through life in a haze. And they don't even know what's happening while it's happening. And then they get to the end. And then, what'd you do? What'd you do? Did you help people? Did you make people feel better? Did you inspire people? Did you en enrich people's lives? What'd you do? You know? And then, then you have to realize like, God damn, I wasted a lot of time reading comments. Thank you. Thank you for doing that.


A lot of time. Get mad at assholes. Well, I don't, I don't do it bad though. That's what's funny. I don't do it badly. Everybody says that. Oh, everybody says they don't look at their phone. You know, let me see your screen time. Like six hours. Six hours. Jesus bitch. What the fuck are you Doing? Oh lord. Yeah, man. I mean, well, we're All, this is a new world too, in terms of that. I keep saying this is a new world, But there really is a new element to, to our lives is this social media element. And I think there's not a lot of stuff that's written on it where people understand how Yeah, We're learning and yeah, we're learning the time. We're, yeah. We're the, we're the lab rats. We Really are, especially our kids. Our kids really are the lab rats that we, the kids really are.


And not just that also access to violence. They see so much violence, they see so much online. That's horrible. Think about, I think about this all the time. I would go stay with a buddy at his house and he go, man, I rented faces of death. Remember those? I wouldn't watch 'em. I'd be like, man, my parents told me not to watch that. And he'd go, what? You don't watch this guy get electrocuted? And I'm like, fuck no. I don't wanna let a dude get electrocuted. Dude, we're watching people.


We're watching people. They're, It's, yeah, if you're on Instagram, you're seeing people dying Every, Every day. Every day. I have friends that send Me horrible shit. I mean it breaking. Oh yeah. Every day. I mean, I remember Joe Theisman when Joe Theisman broke his leg, dude, it's like, shut the country down. Yeah, I know. Now that's nothing. And now it's Like, that's nothing. I watched a dude on a diving board and his foot fell in a crack in the dive. The diving board had an opening in it and he went forward and his knee stayed in the same place And it just snapped his leg the wrong way. And he's screaming, hanging from a broken leg. That's just one thing I saw today.


I thought, you don't do that. I, I watch things on Instagram. I just don't read comments. But me and Tom Segura, we send each other the most horrible shit every day. It's ridiculous. But some days he sends me things, I don't even look at 'em. I'm like, not yet. Oh, I can see it coming. But I do love, I do love the funny, comical aspect of it that gets Oh yeah. Me in a cup of coffee dying laughing at some Oh yeah. Person being a goofball Or memes. Oh, Some memes. Memes. They some Of the best they us though. They got us. Yeah. Memes are some of the best comedy out there. And it is just random people create these funny things. There's a lot of funny people Out there. Well, what's amazing is we've gotten to where we can see the meme happen and predict the meme and the memes on your phone.


Yep. The next day. And you're like, within hours. Oh Yeah. They're so quick. And memes are weird because a lot of times you don't even know who made it. You're sharing it, somebody sends it to you, you send it to other people. Like who got, who made the, who's the wizard that figured this out? It is a fucking hilarious Stuff. It's like a meme factory. Well, It's like jokes. You remember jokes like, You know, two guys walking to a bar. Those jokes who fucking wrote those? We don't know. But some of 'em were bangers and they Spread, They just spread, spread across the whole country. But somebody had to be the guy that sat down and tells the story. Two guys walking to a bar. And then, You know, You know, it's everywhere. You know. Well, I mean, there's a million places we can go, but it's, You know, you look at Yeah.


I mean, the damn children, my kids, I mean, we're yelling at 'em every day. Get up, get off the phone. Yeah. Get outside. And they, they do a good job. But man, I, I think it's just, it's a part of it. It's a part of their deal. They're being influenced by things far beyond our control, You know, and way different than anything that any other generation has ever experienced before. Like My son, he's a 16-year-old quarterback. And man, he watches all these other quarterbacks on, on, You know, hell, there are 14 recruiting downloads sites from that, that, and my son's like, that dude right there is the greatest quarterback in the country.


I said, well, how old is he Bo He's 15 dad. I'm like, Bo, we don't know what that little shit's gonna be. What, what are you talking about? He goes, well dad, he's a five star and he's 15. I'm like, Bo, your dad. When I moved to Nashville, I was a one star country singer. If I'd had a rating next to me and probability of me making it, yeah. I wouldn't, it would've been a one star. I worked myself into a, hopefully a three star, right. Three star recruit. And he's looking me like, I'm crazy. And so one of those kids, he play, he played them.


Now my son's not starting. He's backup quarterback to a great quarterback. And we played him and we beat him. We get down, he gets home after the game. I said, what'd you think about your, your little savior? There he goes, he's still the greatest quarterback of all time. I said, bow, he lost the fucking game. He's 15. Just son. Let it, let, let's let life happen before we anoint. Yeah. You know, Just be inspired. Be inspired by other success. But don't take it too seriously. And also recognize that kid might start getting laid and throw it all away.


Exactly. He may not, he don't know what's going to, You know? Yeah. You're 15, you don't know what the fuck's coming your way. Yeah. You Don't know one. Yeah. Yeah. You run into some Russian chip in your English class. Yeah. Some new Russian exchange student that, that needs a, that needs a English tutor. Yeah. Then all of a sudden you don't have any sperm left in your body and you're dehydrated all day Long. Yeah. You're, yeah. You're getting electrolytes on the sideline and You're not doing any off season running or lifting. Yeah. You're busy. Oh man. Also, People just, they lose the focus, You know, and sometimes they get pushed too hard by their parents. There's a little bit of that too. The kids rebel. They don't wanna do it anymore. Anything can happen. But that's what's fascinating about life is that it's all open.


Your daughters are how old now? 28. 16 and 14. Yeah. The 16 and 14. Man. The 16 and 14 are going through a total different experience. The girls are, are the TikTok all girls, the TikTok. Yeah. But girls are, girls are way, I mean, I just, they're Way more influence in A negative way. My Heart. Yeah. Aches for, for girls in this, in this piece. Well, there's a, there's some alarming statistics about the growth of social media from like 2009 where you see girls with self harm, all sorts of psychological conditions, online bullying. 'cause girls are fucking vicious to each other. Online boys will run into each other and punch each other in the face. Yeah. But girls will attack each other's character and they'll their reputation destroyers.


And they love to like, make up stories about girls and be mean about girls and talk shit about the way girls look and the way girls dress and the guys girls are dating and they do it to each other. And it's just, it's unfortunate, but it's, that's what gossip used to be. Gossip used to just be talking though. Yeah. It's like a normal thing where girls get around and talk. But now they talk online. And when they talk online, then other people read it like, oh, and you're ruining people's lives and you're ruining little girls' lives and suicide is off the charts and self-harm is off the charts. And it's, You know, mostly young girls are getting affected by It. When when you have, when when I have my 14-year-old go, dad, I'm anxious about this. I'm like, I didn't know the word anxious.


Right. I didn't know the word anxious until I was 35 years old. Right, right, Right. It wasn't thought when we were kids in high school, It wasn't processed as anxiety. It was processed as like life. Yeah. I'm getting nervous. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I got a big test. My stomach hurts. I gotta go take a shit. Right, Right, right. Yeah. Right now it's the thing they think about all the time. And the problem with that is, Abigail Schreyer wrote a book about this. You focus on your problems, your problems oftentimes become bigger. I mean, you think about things like anxiety, guess what makes you more anxious? It doesn't help. It, it it actually has the opposite effect. Yeah. It's a weird world, but they're gonna be okay.


We're all gonna be okay. We're just gonna have to adjust and figure it out on the fly. It's just, this, this adjustment is bigger than any adjustment than any generation's ever had to make before. But it's also like, look at things like Oliver Anthony Good comes out of it too. Yeah. You know, jelly roll, Jelly roll, Jesus. Love that dude. Best thing ever. He's one of my favorite human beings ever. Best thing. He's such a fucking sweetheart. Best Thing ever. And that guy sang that song, save Me. And everybody was like, what is going on this, this fucking ex-con with tattoos on his face with a voice like an angel. Best thing ever. Incredible. But that's, this is all possible today too. So you got good and you got bad.


It's just, you gotta navigate the waters. You gotta know where the rocks are. Steer that boat. Young sailor. You know, and you, what amazes me is, is man, what breaks my heart is when people think they're all alone in their thing that's hanging up their life. Right. When you meet somebody. And it's all scaled way differently. Like when you meet, You know, You know, I, I've had people, You know, You know when you, when you grow up in a country music band and you're on the bus for hours with buddies and everybody go, they got their own life.


And then man, you find out I had one band member almost kill himself over something that if he'd have just had somebody say, man, I have that too. Right. Right. And he would've not felt alone. Right. And, and people have gotta quit like thinking that they're the only ones that have Gone Through some shit. Gone through this thing. Yeah. Well that's why you need people that you love. Yeah. That's why you need friends. See, my household, my household was a man. We sat at the dinner table and dude, it, it, it came out. I thought that, well, That's good.


And then, but my wife's household was, man, they, You know, bottled it up. They bottled it up And it all worked. And we don't know who came out better, but, but me and my wife, You know, we, we work on like, You know, we work on like, I mean like, my wife never saw her mama like in the shower, like just showering, You know, like walk through the house naked. I mean, hell, we had one bathroom. It was like we were a bunch of damn naked idiots running around trying to get to the bathroom. And my, my wife's like, yeah, my mama did not shower with the door open. And I'm like, or and I'm like, really?


She's like, I'm like, you're kidding me. Never once. I'm like, just, That's kind of crazy. Everybody's, well, When you have daughters, there's a certain amount of time where you can't be naked in front of them anymore. Once they get like four or five years old, you're like, okay, that's A wrap. Dude. My my 16-year-old. So my beard we're, we're living in our guest house right now 'cause we're doing some, some work to our main house, You know, we're, our main house had stuff that just kept happening and we were like, we're moving out. And when we move back in, have it all fixed. So we got three, we got a 22-year-old, a 16-year-old living in the same house when my wife stored all of my, all of my bathroom stuff. It's in a, it's in a box somewhere on my shaving gear.


I'll run into my son's bathroom, my 16-year-old. And I grabbed his beard trimmer. I grabbed a, I grabbed this fucking trimmer sitting there and I shaved my beer and I'm all up under my nose and you Smell bald hair? No, I get in my truck and I'm driving down the, the road. My son gets home from school crying, laughing. What Dad? You shaved your beard with my ball trimmers. And I was like, you little shit. I'm, first of all, I'm like, what in the hell? 16-year-old manscaping, What The fuck's going on?


It's a new world. I know. I'm like, dude, I never imagined you had, I don't even think he's, You know, whatever these, damn, it's so fun, man. These kids. My dad, my, my God, it's so amazing. Dude. We, You know, we were elk hunting man. And my 14-year-old, we, we got this really cool, when we go elk hunting, we gotta wade across a river to get to our elk spot. And the first couple years, man, we didn't, we just stripped down to our underwear and, and hung our boots and all our gear and walked underwear and dude, it was kinda like a, we're really men, You know?


Right. And so Tate and Beau Beau, the first time I would put him on my shoulders and walk 'em. Well then after two years we were like, dude, let's go by and get like eight pairs of waiters and sit 'em on the bank and we'll leave the waiters. And everybody's like, that's a damn good idea. I'm like, yeah. I mean, how many years did it take y'all to understand go get some damn waiters? So Tate for the past, the last three years, I've, I've towed him across the river. And man, I, I looked at him the last day of the hunt and this was Tate Tate's year to try to get an elk. And he actually, dad, I kind of messed up the elk hunt. I moved and spooked the elk, which was great because he realized that just 'cause you're Luke Bryan's son, you don't get the damn elk right.


But, and I said, Hey, I said, I wanna touch you across the river. I said, you're growing and this is probably the last year. So I towed him across the river. And then on the way back he goes, Hey dad, I wanna wait it by myself. And man, he, he wa I, you don't realize how much your kids really are watching you, but we're sitting on the bank and he's watching me and I sit my bow down and he takes his bow and sits it down and he watches everything I do. And it was the cutest thing ever. I haven't even told my wife. So every year I take my boots and I tie 'em in a knot and I, and I hang them and throw 'em over my, 'cause we're toting gear and I throw my boots over my shoulders so they're not, they don't get wet.


And the man, I looked at him and he, he's sitting there tying his little string. He stands up and throws in boots and he just, man, watching your kids just absorb it is just, You know, it's pretty damn special. Sounds Like you're having a beautiful life, my friend. Well it's, It really Does Kids make it? It really does. It really does. Luke, thank you very much man. This was a lot of fun. I hope we enjoyed, enjoyed How was That more than three hours? Was it? Yeah. Yeah. Holy shit. Yeah, it's 4 33 Hours, dude, there it Is. Mind of a Country Boy. Listen or download now look, you handsome bastard.


Well fucking tight jeans. Look at you Tight jeans. Everybody hates me. They don't hate you, man. Just don't read the ones that do. Oh Shit. Appreciate you brother. Thank you very much. Love you. Hey, love you too. Love you too. Bye everybody.