
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Boy, I wish there was something to talk about. Guys are coming here. I'm like, I love these guys so much. Too bad. It's just, there's nothing going on. Well, I heard you, you might've needed to cancel on us to get Kamala Harris on. I was not gonna do that. I would've had to. I knew you guys flew from England and I wasn't gonna cancel on you because I, she had an opportunity to come. Someone's, you could look at this and you could say, oh, you're being a diva. But she had an opportunity to come here when she was in Texas.


And I, I literally gave them an open invitation. I said, anytime. I said, if she's done at 10 o'clock, I'll, we'll come back here at 10 o'clock. Mm. I go, I'll do it at nine in the morning. I'll do it at 10:00 PM I'll do it at midnight. She's up. She wants to, You know, drink a Red Bull fucking party on. Yeah. But I think this idea that you're being a diva, silly 'cause you are asking her, you are offering her the opportunity to do exactly what the other candidate did. Right? Well, she actually reached out when she found out that he was coming on. So their camp reached out to me. So I said, great. I would love to talk to her. But it was very difficult to tie it down. And a lot of, they wanted to travel and see, the, the thing is like, you can't, if if I go somewhere, then there's gonna be other people in the room and they want to control a lot of things.


I'm sure according to the, the Brett Breer interview on Fox, like, people were waving off. That's a distraction. People in the room, like my whole goal with her and with him is just talk, just have a conversation like a human being. You, you find out things about people, you get a sense of them. At least a real sense. It wasn it. I don't give a fuck what we talk about. I really don't. Mm. I just, I just want to talk to you. Who the fuck are you, Do they, do you think they think that you are on his side and they're more wary of you? I don't know. I mean, there's, just because of my appearance, there's always been this assumption that I'm some right wing MAGA guy, which is, I was a Bernie supporter, You know, I am not, I'm a politically homeless person for sure.


You know, I always considered myself a, a left wing person. I never thought I would ever vote right wing. But then the, the tides of culture shifted in a very bizarre way. And it just made me over time much more aware of what this stuff is really all about. 'cause what this stuff is really all about is just these natural human behavior patterns and these tribal instincts that we have. And it overpowers all discussions. It overpowers what's good for the collective group. It overpowers everything. It's just people pick a fucking team and then whatever that team says, they can do no harm.


They will do their best to marginalize the horrible effects of the furthest extreme version of that. Whether it's Antifa or the Proud Boys, they'll minimalize the, it's the same thing, man. It's the same if you look at what's going on with the liberals right now. So progressives are, they want the war in Ukraine to be funded. They want to censor speech online and they want to give the World Health Organization, which is deeply influenced by big pharma, including the FDA, deeply influenced the revolving door between the FDA and pharmaceutical drug companies is legendary. And they want to give them control over what we take and what we don't take. If that's crazy.


And that doesn't make sense. 'cause that's not what the liberals were when I was a kid. My parents were hippies. You know, we lived, we lived in San Francisco during the Vietnam War. My parents were like straight up hippies. That's how I was raised. And so for me, it was always like, the liberals were the ones who wanted education and open-mindedness. The liberals who are the ones with the ACL U, let the Nazis talk and we'll let them have a rally. They said, you can't infringe on people's free speech because if you infringe on the speech of people that you disagree with, you're being a fucking hypocrite. You gotta, the only solution to bad speech is better speech. We've always known that. But when they had the power over social media and these collective groups of people that all had the same ideology, and then that tribal mentality kicks in and you lose the perspective that you should have as an educated, educated person that recognizes that everyone has to be able to talk and we have to figure out who's right.


And you might be wrong. You might be wrong, and you might be clinging to this idea that you're right and you're gonna do the whole thing a terrible disservice. You know, the thing that I loved about the left Joe, was the anti-establishment left. Yeah. The left that were like, You know, we're gonna challenge your authority. We're gonna, we're we're not gonna listen to what, You know, what the parties in charge may be saying. You know, the what I used to listen to Bill Hicks when I was a kid, when I was 19 and go, ah, You know, that to me was like a totem of the left. But you just look at, You know, what happened to the left and, and what I saw in my own country and here And it, And it just seemed like this herd mentality came in and the moment you stopped, you, you started questioning or pushing back was the moment you just found yourself exiled from the group.


And it, it just seemed that what I fell in love with at one point in my life, no longer existed. Yeah. Because it's bullshit. And I think we should even stop calling it the left and the right 'cause it's just tribes. It real that and that, that is the real problem. When, when you have people that are supposedly progressive and liberal and they're opposed to the idea that free speech is an absolute Right. As an American citizen. It's very, very important. It's very important. Yeah. Because it's the, because too many people can decide what you can and can't say. Like when Tim Waltz was saying like, free speech doesn't apply to hate speech and misinformation. Well, of course it does.


First of all. Of course it does. But also you said misinformation. Okay, well if that's the case, like where is all the punishment of all the people that spread misinformation during covid? Mm. Like, where's the call? Where, where's the call for accountability? It's non-existent. It's not real. They don't really care about misinformation. They care about controlling information. A hundred percent. Man. And look, this is gonna sound like a party political point. It's not intended to be, but if we look at the fact from 2016 Norway, we've heard a lot of misinformation. Yes. A lot. A lot of it. Right? A lot of it. And nobody ever got punished for that. Nobody ever went to prison. Some Of those people are still in positions of power And still supposedly the respected arbiters of truth and morality in our society.


Society, They're still making appearances on these cable news talk shows. Yeah. And look, I think the concern about inaccurate information is perfectly valid and a legitimate thing for us to worry about in an ecosystem where information travels so quickly, it's not an illegitimate thing to, to be concerned about. Absolutely. But you can't have one side lie called the other side.


This Episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America. And 1857. This is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. A American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks us based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply


Out for its lies. And then go only that is misinformation. What we say that's Oh, oh yeah, we said it, but we forgot about it. It's fine. It's also, We can't do that. There's this inherent problem with business being entangled in information. And that's what happened when these tech companies exploded, right? So business and enormous business, not small business, business like Google and Facebook and Apple, and these are huge businesses and all of a sudden they are in charge of information. Not necessarily Apple, but in a way because they, they have like banned people from the Apple store and banned people from, but it's their, their businesses en enormous businesses.


But they're super left wing. Not just super left wing, but like super woke left wing, which is like kind of the craziest version of it where it just, there's no room for negotiation. There's anybody who disagrees is a fascist. It gets like real weird. It gets real weird with ideas. So you have, for the first time ever, human beings are capable of just with a device they carry around with them that has unbelievable amounts of power that device has. First of all, you can be on it for like, what, 20 hours now? The new ones through like 20 hour battery life of just you staring at a fucking screen all day. And you are getting connected with an infinite number of ideas that are constantly coming your way.


And it's almost all in the hands of left wing. The left wing party is Google, it's Facebook, it's all these companies that have massive power. And until Elon stepped in and bought Twitter, there was no counter to that. It was just one side. And that's where things get really weird. 'cause businesses like to have monopolies. They like to crush things. And if you have the monopoly of information, you get essentially Microsoft in information form. You know, when they had the antitrust lawsuits against Microsoft. And people worry that it's a monopoly. And there's people that think that about Google now. And there's even conversations about Apple being a monopoly.


Businesses love that. They love to kick ass. You know, they like to fucking dominate the business. Your your goal, if you run a business, you literally have a, you have a obligation to your shareholders that you continually grow the business. There's only one way to do that. Kids, you gotta kick some fucking ass. And we, if you, you're the biggest thing. And what, what is in your interest? Well, definitely controlling the information. Mm. We would like to control, inform. And we also want some cultural beach balls that we could chuck around so people like get distracted and throw 'em back and forth at each other. There's a bunch of Republicans that love the fact that there, these gender affirming care centers, they love it. 'cause it gives them something to yell about. It gives 'em something like, I wouldn't be surprised if some of them fund these things.


Some people are fucking crazy. They're fucking crazy. Yeah. Especially if they found out it was profitable. Maybe they got a fucking, some sort of a fund. And part of It is a, You know, these are privately owned businesses. The whole thing is just human tribal characteristics applied to the way we're supposed to like coexist with each other and share the space. And it's all fucked up. It's all fucked up because it's the cowboys versus the Raiders that no one's thinking straight. Yeah, that's so true. At election time especially becomes like that. But I am hopeful this election, I think there is one thing going on, which I'm actually really hopeful about, which is, You know, you had Trump on, on Friday, like the conversation is moving from the clickbait five second mainstream media journalist will tell you what to think to a three hour conversation.


You get to see the real person. If that continues, which it will. And by the time of the next election, this format will be the dominant format. I think the type of person who is going to be selected for positions of leadership will be a different type of person than the type of person who's selected on ten second sound bites on mainstream media. Well, you certainly have a way better grasp of who they are, But the the medium is the message. It will change the type of person that succeeds in that format. Right. The the VS will rise. Right? Yeah. And, and that gives us a chance actually to change the political leadership in Western elites, which is, it is badly needed and we've been talking about it for God knows how many years now that the caliber of people coming through is not high enough.


Right? Right. If this format takes over, that will change. And I don't know, it might just be a small blip on the road down to oblivion, but it might just be actually the thing that changes the type of leaders we elect. And that's Exciting. There's a bunch of people that are out there now that I'm very excited about. One of 'em is Vivek, A big one is Tulsi Gabbard. Mm. And RFK Junior, of course. I love that guy. I love what he's done his entire career. And I love what he's trying to do with health. I mean, this is a real issue that we all face and we're all being poisoned and they're profiting off of it and we're not doing shit about it. Meanwhile, you stop psychedelics from being given to veterans to help them with PTSD.


It doesn't make any sense. This makes zero fucking sense. And they have so much control over what you say and do. Because if you can decide that something is, it's unsuitable for the population. Like, like the drug schedule program they have in the United States, right? They have schedule one, two, and three, depending upon if there's any medicinal use for it. And psychedelics, were on schedule one. That is crazy. If you're telling me there's no medicinal use, you could get thousands of people to testify in Congress about soldiers in particular. I know so many soldiers, no one prepares them for that. They go over there when they're 19 years old and they see people get blown up.


They lose their friends, they come back and then they're supposed to just integrate. And there's no fucking program that can help you do that. There's, you are on your own and you gotta sort through what you've seen that's so different than all these people around you. You have to sort through seeing your friends die. You have to sort through having to kill people. You have to sort through that and just exist. And then there's a tremendous amount of veterans who commit suicide. It's a crazy number. And psychedelics are proven to help that. So the fact that there's some sort of an organization that thinks that somehow or another that is bad, that this thing that doesn't kill anybody, literally, like the LD 50 rate for psilocybin is something insane.


It's like you have to take, well, it's like a hundred pounds of it or something. I don't know what it is. Like let's find out what's the LD 50 rate, which means lethal dose at 50% of the population. Like what kills half the people? It's like, you can't do it. It's not, that's not what the concern is. Are there concerns about people losing their marbles when they do it? Yeah, yeah. There is concerns. It ain't, it's not a fucking free ride. You know, there's some people that are mentally fragile and they have mental issues already. They shouldn't be doing that. But for everybody else, there should be a conversation where we figure out how to make the world a better place. And one of the ways to make a world a better place is to make people more kind, more compassionate and more understanding.


And that's something that psychedelics provides. And the fact that that is somehow or another listed by a country that is the leader of the free world in the most information rich time alive. There's so much access to information. We all know what they really are and what they're not. And yet this organization that somehow under this shadow organization that controls what we do tells you, you can't have that. And if you have it, you go to jail. That's bananas. That doesn't make any sense. And as long as we keep stupid shit like that, people will never have hope that there's going to be s a better horizon, a better future.


They would think that all these things are So, it takes so long just for marijuana. Look, marijuana's still not federally legal, but it's legal in like half the states. It took so long for people where they're drinking whiskey on every fucking corner. People are just doing shots and drinking tequila and marijuana's something that gets you locked in a cage. As long as something like that exists, that's preposterous and completely illogical, the good that it serves is the ruling class. It gets to rule without logic Because it, they don't have to, it doesn't have to make sense. Fuck you, you're going to jail. You know? And it's, as long as they say that, you're like, ah, we raised your taxes, you gotta pay 'em. Fuck you, you're going to jail.


What the fucking constitution shut up. So if, if there's like an illegal situation like that or, or an illogical situation like that, rather it, it makes you lose faith in the whole system. But when someone like RFK Jr comes along and says, Hey, I think we can fix this. It's like, give him a fucking chance. Maybe he can, maybe he can fix this whole health system where we've been co-opted by these, these giant organizations that want you to make money. You know, we interviewed on the show. I want to make money off you rather. Yeah, absolutely. You know, on, on our show we interviewed a guy called David, Dr. David Nutt, who's a neuropharmacology, and he's in charge of the hallucinogenic trials in Imperial College London.


Looking at how these particular drugs can alleviate PTSD anxiety, other types of mental health disorders and depression. And the results that are coming out of there are fantastic. There's actually showing that a lot of drugs like psilocybin are in fact far more effective than prescription meds when it comes to alleviating conditions like depression. And it's really impressive what they're doing. It is, You know, I've talked to a lot of, what is this? What was this? Mine was, I can't hear you buddy. Oh Shit. LD 50. Oh, the LD 50 rate. Yeah. Oh, your, your mic's on on My brother Joe. Sorry. Could you pass the lighter please, Mike?


Yeah, sorry. Oh, Thank you sir. Jamie's got the, he has to have the mic down because Carl's snoring. He's not asleep, so it's probably a little safer. But it wasn the LD 50, Bro. He's snores, he fucking puts his work. That little dude, This is the best I could find. It. Wasn two 80 per milligrams per or mg to kg, which is really hard to Understand. So it's 154 pounds? No, No. So 400. Yeah. For an average size individual, oh, that's the weight of the average size individual. So the lethal dose 50% is okay. Normal dose would be 20 to 30. It says no, it actually says no lethal overdose potential says it's, there's no potential for dying. Right.


The recommended therapeutic dose for optima effects is 20 to 30 milligrams for an average size individual. 70 kilograms or 154 pounds, for whom the medium lethal dose LD 50 is 19,600 milligrams. Making it virtually impossible to ingest a lethal dose of psilocybin. But boy, if you got close Ooh mama, You might figure everything out to just get, Get To the door. You might be able to come back with enough information. Like, I've solved it. I solved it. You know what I, I did, I probably told you about this before, but I invited a shame and ram to my house a couple of years ago and I did a psilocybin trip.


Yeah. And the results of it was so profound. They changed the way I looked at the world. And I remember coming out after that, the next day going, oh, all you are doing, all you really are is a conduit for energy. Yes. That's all you are. You are a conduit for positive energy or light, or you are a conduit for dark. Yes. And that's really your choice as a human being. Do you wanna put light and love out into the world or do you want to put dark? Yeah. 'cause we have both of those fundamentally contained within our soul. So it's up to you as an individual, what do you want put out there? And if you wanna put out light and love, you're gonna get back right in love. And if you want to put darkness, anger, destruction, You know what? That is gonna come back on you threefold.


It's true. It really is true. It seems so simplistic and ideal. Oh, that's such a utopian version of the world. But for the most part, there's something real to it. And you, you do sense that, you do sense that sometimes in life, You know, there's, there's these like beautiful moments in life where you're kinda like, oh, like this can be navigated. This life can be navigated better. And one of the best ways to navigate life is to avoid conflict at all, at all costs. It never solves anything. It almost always creates problems. And people that want conflict all the time are the most miserable people. Yeah. They're just constantly embroiled in hate and anger and trying to get people back. And I think people, that's the negative thing that people associate with Trump.


Hmm. The negative thing that people associate with Trump is if like you hit him, he's hitting you back harder. Like he's got this thing, You know, like he called some lady that, You know, one of the ladies that he allegedly had an affair with, he called her horse face on Twitter while he is a sitting president. That is so crazy. So that bothers people. 'cause it's like that kind of energy, You know, we don't like that kind of energy. And I think that's something that people are very apprehensive about for a leader. Sure. What was your sense of his energy when he was here? It's, he's very charming, right? So he's very friendly to me and he also, we have a very good mutual friend, Dana White. Mm. Dana White loves him. He stuck up for Dana when MMA was a band sport and he let them put on his events in, in Trump, Trump casino in Atlantic City.


And so Dana loves the guy and they've always had a good friendship. You know, he got mad at me one time because I said that RFK Junior was only a God That makes sense. But I was essentially saying it the same way I'm saying it here is like with RFK Jr. Is he talks about facts and talks about reality and he talks about issues and he talks about like studies and what we know about things. He's just brilliant with his recall and he doesn't attack people. And I think we could all use more of that. Mm. Even if he's writing something about something like in that book, the Real Anthony Fauci, it's because it's true and it's, it's not good information And it affects all of us. It's not, it's not like personally attacking someone.


And I think that personal attack stuff is what bothers people. And so what did he do? He just attacked me, But he attacked me in the craziest way. He said, I wonder how loud Joe Rogan's gonna get booed at the next time he goes to the UFC. I'm like, Hey bro. Like outta all the places. That's Kind of your hardcore about that outta all the places where You think I'm gonna get booed. Come on man. Yeah. Those fucking people. I've been working for that company for 27 years. Like whatever it's been. I mean, nine. Yeah. When did I start? I started in 97. It wasn the first time I worked for the UFC. Like, come on. That's a crazy thing to say. Or how about, I hate Taylor Swift. I forgot to ask him about that one. Did he really tweet that?


I think he put it on true social when she endorsed Kamala Harris. All capital letters. I hate Taylor Swift. I think he, he just has this rule So crazy.


Like he just has to go out after Gopuff to anyone who says anything negative about Him.


It's why he's still in the game though. Yeah. This is, you have to realize like that's the kind of guy that even though they throw 40 felonies at him, he's still in the game and he's still all day. He sat here for three fucking hours, man. Mm. And that didn't have to pee before, didn't have to pee afterwards. Just gets on the fucking plane flies to Michigan, does the other thing. He's two hours late. He just goes, man, it's kind of bizarre. Like you people, you hear about that, you're like, ah, that's not true. Like, no, he really stays locked in. He didn't get tired. You know, he was locked. He's 78 years old, but he was locked in. He's got a lot of energy. He's unbelievable how much energy he has. And one of the things I said as well is, after you, you watched his first presidency, he didn't age.


Do you remember Barack? Exactly. Barack Obama was Like, It was like someone drained the color from him. Same with Blair. Yeah. Yeah. Same with Blair. Everybody, everybody gets hit hard. The look at Biden, Biden basically died. I mean, he got to the point where You're gonna get a fact check on that day every Now and then. He, I said basically every now and then he fucking will hold a press conference. And it's wild. It's like, so who lets him get to the mic? Is there No, he's still the president. But meanwhile, who's running this motherfucker? She's, she's doing podcasts. She's flying all over the place doing, there's no way you are paying attention. So who's running this thing?


Yeah, Nancy Pelosi. She's in a bathtub filled with diamonds Right now. She's the same age though as well. Isn't she? Is older. She's older than all of 'em. She's like 83. You know what it kind of feels like, You know, when you're in school and like the teacher leaves gets called out by, You know, and then it is just you in the class, the rest of the class and you're looking around going, the fuck's going on. Yeah. How are we free? You know what it feels like for me when I use my Tesla, I use auto drive. I just hands off like Jesus does this work. I know it's supposed to work, but I gotta keep my hands here. Thank God for the deep stain, huh? Yeah. Well the if if that's real, if that's what's running this thing, I assume it's his cabinet that's running everything. But even then it's like, who did?


Is that really how it's supposed to be? It's kind of not. No. It's kind of the weird thing about running for president when you already have a job. It's like, that's why people get mad at governors who run for president. It's like, Hey bro, you're supposed to be governing. Like, we got a lot of problems here. And you are clearly not. It's like you, if you don't want to quit your job to apply for another job, the people that are already employed, you are like, Hey, fuck face. You're, you're not even here every day. You're, you're trying to get this other job. This is nuts. Like, I've never seen an employee where you're not on the job and yet you're still here. And if you don't get the new job, you get to come back and be in this job. That's crazy. Why do we let that happen? Like, if you wanna be governor, okay, you're governor, you wanna run for president, you gotta quit being governor or you gotta do your term out because you're gonna leave us anyway.


So like, if you have two more years left and the the elections are, you're gonna leave us, you're gonna leave us high and dry here, you fuckhead. Quit the job. Quit the fucking job. You can't have two jobs. So it's, that's the nuttiest thing about running for president for reelection. Right. So in Kamala Harris's case, she's not necessarily really running for reelection 'cause she's the vice president, but she's also the vice president that's running for president. So she has the second most important job in the world. And she's not doing it because she has to run for the first most important job. So who's doing the job? Well, who's doing both jobs? Who's doing vice? Where's the porters are?


Oh man, It it, it has that feeling though that you remember like in the nineties where you like, I don't know if you felt like this and I was much younger, where you just kind of didn't question it as much and then all of a sudden you start questioning things And it all, it does, it leads you down from one rabbit hole to another rabbit hole to another rabbit hole. You know, it's like, people always used to say to us when we started trigonometry, they were like, You know, the whole free speech thing is bullshit, blah, blah, blah. You just wanna be able to say racist things. You are ARMRA. And then, and they were Right. And they Were, You know, and that's Why Texas, Yeah.


Who other book team is shitting their pants right now? Isn. Yeah. Why did you do that? I, I tell all comedians don't ever do comedy at something that's not a comedy event. Mm. Don't do it. Don't ever do comedy at a place that's doing also, You know, you're gonna, is he gonna have a bunch of speakers and you're gonna go up and do 10 minutes? Don't ever do that. It's a terrible setup. It's a terrible setup. And it's a political rally. And you're doing jokes like you're in a comedy club. It doesn't, you can't do it. I don't really blame Tony though. 'cause Tony is what Tony is, right? Yeah. Like if you want an insult comic, Tony is the best in the world. That's Literally his, his his great specialty is roasting.


Right. So The best roaster ever, If you booked Tony Hinchcliffe, Tony Hinchcliffe is gonna be Tony Hinchcliffe. Exactly. So whoever fucking booked him, that's the person that's that's made the mistake. Not just booked him, but apparently went over his material. Did they go over his material? No. Right. Oh my, This is what I've read on the internet. So it must be true In The words of Donald Trump. Someone's getting fired, man, I gotta tell you that joke kills at comedy clubs. I don't like the joke it kills. And I said to him, I don't, it's just like if you're Puerto Rican and you hear that in the audience, like, oh, it's a funny joke. The joke does well. But I said to him, I go, dude, that's the one that's gonna get you stabbed. Really? Really?


Yes. Yeah. And he used to talk about it on stage saying, Joe Rogan always says, that's the one that's gonna get me stabbed. Like Wow. Which is so crazy. Yeah. I think you'd pick stabbed at this point, given the shit going Down. I think, I think it'll blow over. Yeah. Just like all these things do. Yeah. Course. And there's, there's people that are, that are always gonna hate someone like Tony and it's gonna make other people love him more. It's just like he's going through it right now, You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, He's going through the storm As somebody who, You know, has wound up, You know, who winds people up? We, You know, we've wound people up on our time. Yeah. You guys are winders. We get called Something beginning with w Oh well you guys, that's a negative over there. Wanker. You can call someone a wanker here And it just like, yeah.


Yeah, Sure. That's like caught him a cracker. It doesn't really work Hooky. But, but when I saw what Tony did, I went, all right mate, you're in a different league now. To me that is another level. Yeah. Obama was quoting his bit, but he's quoting it Like It was a statement. Right. Which is really fucked up. He was quoting it like he was saying someone called Puerto Rico an island of garbage. But You know, that's a joke. That's like going to a Quentin Tarantino movie and then the man killed that woman. Like he didn't really kill that woman. It wasn a, that's like a doll. Yeah. You know, this is a movie, no one died. Everyone's fine. They all like each other, But if you give them ammunition Yeah, That's the problem. We were discussing this in the bathroom, like, it's like that's their job. Yeah. That's what they have to do. They gotta do it. That's Their job.


You give them ammunition, they're gonna use it. Yeah, of course they're gonna do it. That's what they do. Like you, you can't assume they're gonna be a good person and not use it in this critical moment. How many days are we like eight days before the election? Right. That's crazy. That's so soon. Of course you're gonna use everything. I'd use it Too. But You know what, it nicely encapsulates modern politics because it's a storm about nothing. It's a storm about a joke at a rally. And actually everybody's focusing on that instead of the huge problems that America has, which we all need to be discussing. Yes. And we need to be discussing in a calm, serious and sober mariner. Because for example, if you have an open border, that's an existential crisis.


'cause if you can't control your borders, you don't have a country. But we don't talk about that really. We get Exactly. We're getting upset because Tony Hinch Kef came along and called Puerto Rico and trash Didn't even a joke. Well, didn't call him. He made a joke. Right? Yeah, exactly. He made a joke That there's an island of trash. Yeah. It's called Puerto Rico. Here's what's where that joke comes from. Tony is actually obsessed with the Pacific Garbage patch. And, and like the fact that we just throw, like we were talking about like recycling. Like recycling doesn't work. They don't do it. Most of your bottles, when you throw in a re recycler, they get put in landfills. So there's a landfill in Puerto Rico that's way overflowed. Puerto Rico has a legitimate trash problem because they're on an island.


Like where are you gonna put it? Right? There's all these people living on that island, where are you gonna put it? And so they have landfills, their landfills are way over capacity. So that's where the joke came from, right? Like the joke came from like Tony being environmentally conscious recycling. Yeah. They don't seem to have taken it that way, but From his roaster perspective, that's where the joke comes from. Totally. Yeah. I think it's called Puerto Rico and you say it and everybody laughs. Yeah. Yeah. And actually we were at the rally and people say no one laughed. Not quite true. Like It didn't get a big laugh, but it it, it, it got a bit of a laugh. It's a Funny joke. Yeah. Yeah. It's, You know, even John Stewart said it was a funny joke. Yeah. Which I thought was great of him. He had much better ones that got a bigger response. But yeah, it's, it's A terrible, people are like, well it wasn't funny, right?


Because it was, it was a terrible setup for comedy. Everything was wrong. If you were at a comedy club and the guy did that set, you'd be laughing. It's just a bad setup. Everything's wrong. Yeah. It's like you don't go to see acoustic music while people are using jackhammers around you. Right. Like, it's not the right setup. Right. You want to go where somewhere it's quiet. Yeah. And standup comedy should be done in a comedy environment. In, in a club or in, I mean there is a great video though, I should say, of Don Rickles. Don Rickles in the ca. Have you seen that? The Reagan's Inauguration? Yeah. The Reagan. Yeah. Yeah. Don Rickles was a gee boy. He was a funny man. He was so good. He was. So it really translates today, like you watch that set, it really translates today.


But I think Don Rickles was almost like he was in this category of ultra famous comedian. Right? He was in this Dave Chappelle type category where just seeing Don Rickles, all of a sudden it was a comedy show. Like, oh my God, Don Rickles is here. Tony Hitch clip does not have that. Right? If Dave Chappelle went up and did 10 minutes in front of Donald Trump, or 10 minutes in front of Kamala Harris, that's a different thing. 'cause it's like he's a cultural icon and you immediately go into standup comedy mode. Like, oh shit, Chappelle's here. Right. That's what Don Rickles had with Reagan. Tony doesn't have that. It's a bad thing to do.


The whole thing's bad. It's like doing a bachelor party. Like when you have to do comedy at bachelor parties, it's a, they want whores and cocaine. Why is this guy telling jokes? But it's just a bad environment. It's a bad environment for comedy. And You know, that joke, I, I would've told him, don't you fucking dare do that joke. I never like sat down with him. I didn't know what bit bits he was gonna do. But then I heard he did that joke. I was like, oh, oh Jesus, Tony, here it comes. I think there are comedians probably who I, I think Tony's the wrong type of comedian for that environment. If you had someone come in who wasn't a roast comedian who actually made everyone feel good and like, was Just clean, You know who could do it, who could do it, and just talk about cultural issues and get everybody to laugh.


Is Jimmy Dore? Jimmy Dore really good at that. He's, he could do something like that. 'cause he's so knowledgeable when it comes to politics. He could bridge the gaps between humor and fact and reality and what, what we're up against. He could do that. But it's not Tony's wheelhouse, man. Tony's just talking shit about people's clothes and stuff. Like, he's very fucking, very shallow with that. Like, his comedy is all just you, you're a loser. You know, it's, but it's fun. It's like, and he'll get through it. Yeah. It's, You know, he's going through a storm and that's what happens with all these things with people like that. But he will get through. It's good for him too. Like, when he got canceled in the past, he came back way stronger as a comic.


'cause he felt like he had to prove something. Like It made him really tighten up his material. Like really edit things well and really like write sharp stuff. That's what'll happen with him. It'll come back better. Yeah. The thing I really like about Tony is Tony's a fighter. You can tell when we interviewed him on our show and we talked to him, I'm like, you're a fighter. You're, You know, that's who essentially is. And he's gonna come from back from this better and stronger. And it, look, it's everybody who is smart realizes that this is a storm about nothing. And it's being used and politicized and weaponized by the Democrat party because that's what they do. That's what every Side do. It's also because it's effective.


Right. Like, that's their job. Like It makes sense that they would do that. That's literally their job. Their job is to win this fucking election. And if they can win this election by finding some lady who says Trump fingered her in the eighties, roll her out, roll her out. Like, who else you got? You know, there's like all kinds of crazy allegations on both sides. There's, I've, I've seen nutty things that I don't even wanna repeat about Kamala Harris, and I'm sure aren't true, but it doesn't matter. They're just throwing things out there as much as possible. And the, the thing is like, most people aren't even paying attention to them. It makes me so angry. You know, I, I like my great-grandfather. He died on the eastern front fighting actual Nazis.


These comparisons are just, they're illegitimate. And what they do also is they take the power away from the words. Because now if you say, this guy's a Nazi, there are some Nazis. Yes. Like, open your fucking Twitter feed. There's some Nazis out There, But there are some real Nazis. Right. But if you say that guy's a Nazi, no one takes it seriously anymore. Right. But there was some other things at the rally that people got offended by. And one of 'em was that guy's name? Steven Miller? Was that his name? Yeah, he, he's, he yelled something like America is for Americans. Like some, something like that. Lets see what he said. Did see what he said. I don't remember that part. It wasn a weird one. I thought. 'cause I'm like, okay, what's an American, they're all immigrants though. It's a literal country full of immigrants.


So what, You know, it's not like saying German Germany is for Germans. Right. Because, You know, That has a different vibe to it. It Does, it does. A bad example. I I should have said like, Portugal is for Portuguese. Right? When they got Japanese for the German, you like, I might chill Out, chill Out. But it, but it's that same kind of rhetoric to get people like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Why are you yelling that like what he's saying. Like, I really like the way JD Vance talks. He's not screamy yelly. It's like very smooth. And he's very coordinated. Very good Shock guy. Very good at being very intelligent guy. Very good at being a politician. And he does these interviews, which is interesting too.


'cause he'll talk to all these people. We'll talk to CNN all these people that corner him, they try to corner him on stuff. It's interesting what people admit to and what they won't admit to and what they won't talk about. You know, like, did you see Jake, Jake Tapper and him got at it? Yeah. Jake Tapper. He's so good with the media, man. He's very good at breaking the caps that they Said. So what does he say? Americans for Americans only. Let's see what he's, how he says it. Listen to how he says it. American is for Americans and Americans only. All right. Settle down, bro. That's goofy. Yeah, that's goofy because Yeah. Right. But what is America? America's literally a country of immigrants. You know, there's a, I want you guys to be Americans.


You know, I know people that have moved here that become Americans best pool player in the world. Fedor Gerst. He's from Russia, became an American citizen. He's American now. He plays literally on the Moscone Cup, which is like America's pool team. He's American. America is everybody from everywhere. That's literally what we are. We are the, the actual melting pot. So America's for Americans only. Like, okay, what does that mean? Yeah. How about let's not let in criminals, rapists and murderers. Right. How about that? How about let's vet the terrorists before they come across the How about say that America's for Americans only. Like, okay. Totally. And You know, we've traveled to many countries. I have to say, when it comes to legal immigration, I haven't been to a place that's more pro-immigrant at the level of the ordinary person Right.


Than this country. Well We love An Immigrant success story. Right. We love a guy who comes here from Nigeria and now he's worth a billion dollars and he made his own computer company. Like, holy shit, look at that. Yeah. This guy came from nothing. We love a come from nothing. We don't, that's the things that my friends from England always tell me is that there's this real sort of, there's an idea in the culture, like to keep people in their place. Yeah. And they don't like when someone has like wild aspirations and they'll try to shit on you. He says, there's no support at all for you, like chasing your dreams. It's all poppy syndrome we call it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well look, Francis was born in the uk. I I came there when I was 11. I love Britain. But there is this element where you're not supposed to strive.


You're not supposed to think you're special. You're not supposed to try and achieve too much. Yeah. Like, everyone loves you as long as you're not too successful. But if you really think you, you want to be successful, it becomes more difficult. And that's why a lot of those people end up coming here because they Fucking give up that your your tabloids are brutal. Yeah. Your tabloids over there are brutal. And the laws are like different. And now the tax system too, with this government that we have now, they're literally, we are losing more millionaires than any other country in the world except China. Didn't France do that at one point in time? Enact a a, an enormous tax and a shit ton of people left and they wound up losing money. Lots Of countries done it. It doesn't work. 'cause rich people don't have to live there. That's why we have to have one world government.


So it Attacks everybody. Don't you understand? You can't just keep letting people move, move to favorable spots. That's how America got started in the first place. Yeah. Right. Yeah. We Celine this, we, what we're seeing in the uk, as far as I'm concerned, and I I'm sure Constant has his own view on this, is we're seeing for me the slow creep of I would say soft authoritarianism. But not even that. You look at Scotland. So Scotland on April the first, ironically enough brought in hate speech as hate speech bill. They called it, it, it came into law. And that has now criminalized public performance. So it includes standup comedy. Yeah, I've heard that. But the problem is they have that enormous festival there every year.


Yeah, Yeah. The, yeah. The Edinburgh Comedy Festival. Yeah. Edinburgh is like famous worldwide. It's the biggest comedy. It's the biggest arts festival in the world. Yeah. Ari Shafi Hass done it like multiple times. He raves about it. He is like, you have to go, you have to go edin bro. Like, no, I don't. Shut up. Nah, you don't, you don't have to Go. But he said, it's like, you should go there and do American standup. 'cause they, they're basically like, a lot of 'em are telling stories and they have a theme every year. But he goes, it's really cool though. It's a cool like, art, art environment. So if they come along and say that all that stuff's hate speech. Now if you've killed the whole thing, well, Tony would be in be, if he'd done that joke there, he would be being investigated by the police right now. Well, he'd probably be in jail if he was in Canada. Not legitimately. This is not an exaggeration. Yeah, yeah, Yeah.


No, I'm sure he would be. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's danger. That's the whole thing we're talking about. It's like left wing ideas used to be free speech is important. I mean, that's why if you go back and like, even in like left-wing magazines and like, remember when Gore Vidal and William F. Buckley had that debate? It wasn a a brilliant moment, right? Because it wasn kind of like one of the first podcasts. Mm. Because they played it on. If you haven't seen that, what is the documentary about Something Best? Something Enemies. It's a great documentary, but it shows that the network that put it on, I think it was a BC was getting killed in the ratings and otherwise they would've never done this.


And so they just decided like, let's just take a chance. And it became this enormous success. 'cause everybody was under the best of enemies. Right. It's really fantastic. It's a great documentary. And, You know, William f Buckley's kind of this stuffed shirt kind of douchey right wing guy with a pretty good vocabulary. And Gore Vidal, who was brilliant, he's but a weirdo man. He wrote that nutty book about a transgender woman who, like Raquel Welch played in the movie. It's the craziest book that he turned into a movie. It's a really nutty movie about like, a guy becomes a woman and she's really hot and then becomes a man again. And it's like, there's a lot of sex in the movie. Like, it's, it's like a perverted, bizarre, twisted movie.


Sounds very progressive, John. It was. And It way, It was, it was so progressive that nobody understood what the fuck he was doing. It's Like what he was so far ahead of his time. But You know, it wasn the left back then you could, You know, you were kind of free to talk about anything. But this is the thing that is fascinating about that Scott Bill. That's it. Myra. Breckenridge. I bought it on DVD I'm not surprised, Mate, Because you can't, you can't stream it. Anywhere's Raquel Welsh, first of all, the idea that any man could ever look like Raquel Welsh, like shut the fuck up unless she's in Thailand. This is not, the picture was controversial for sexual explicitness, including acts like female on male rape.


But unlike the novel, received little to no critical praise and has been cited as one of the worst films Ever In subsequent decades. The film has developed a cult following. It's a crazy movie. Yeah. It's, it's so interesting though. The, the way that we, You know, things were seeded at one point in culture and now they've become mainstream. Like I was, I was at the gym and then the, the words, the, the, the song Lola by the Kinks game On. Yeah, yeah. Transgender song. Yeah. I'm not dumb, but I can't understand why she walks like a woman and talks like a man La lola La la la Lola. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great fucking song. Yeah. Yeah. And then you listen to it and you go, this is really progressive.


And then it ends with I know what she's, she's a man. So, and then I'm like, well, you'd get canceled for this bit now, Bro. You know the craziest song? The craziest song is Brown Sugar. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Rolling Stone doesn't even play Brown Sugar anymore. I went to see them in concert and they, they said they would not play. I mean, they had already said it in interviews. So I was like, it's too controversial song. And then I saw the lyrics. Like, I had only heard the song. I had never like read the lyrics. And so, You know, Whent Mick Jagger singing, he's hard on his stand. What the fuck he's saying? You know, Because it iss like he's singing, like he's making sounds out of the words that's are pleasing more than he is communicating. Like really clearly. Pull up the lyrics to Brown Sugar.


Wait till you read this. Have you read it? I I, I remember some lines, but not the full thing. But let's see this Bro. This one is like, yo, I saw an interview with Keith Richards where they were like, where the, where the person said to him, and maybe this was Keith Richards fucking about with the journalist, where the journalist went. So, You know, obviously Brown Sugar's about heroin. And Keith Richards went, no bro, it's about sleeping with black women. And he went, okay, let's change this subject. Not just black with slaves. Gold Coast slave ship bound for cotton fields sold in the market down in New Orleans. Scarred old slaver knows he's doing all right.


Hear him whip the women just around midnight brown sugar. How come you taste so good fucking brown sugar, just like a young girl should. Drums beaten cold English blood runs hot Lady of the house wondering when it's gonna stop. House boy knows that he's doing all right. You should have heard him just around midnight. Brown sugar. Brown sugar. Oh, I get it. Oh, get it on brown sugar. How come he tastes so good, baby. Okay. Just like a black girl. Should. Now I bet your mama was a tent show queen and all her boyfriends were sweet. 16. I'm no schoolboy, but I know what I like.


You should have heard me just around midnight. It's a crazy song. It's a song called Banger, though. It's a banger. It's a banger The moment. It's a fantastic song. But I mean, imagine if you put that song out today, people like, yo, what the fuck? That should get you canceled. Like if you did that at a Trump rally, like if, if the Rolling Stones came out and did Brown Sugar at a Trump rally, if they opened up ladies and Gentlemen, the Rolling Stones and they did Brown Sugar, Bro. But the world has changed so fast. Yeah. My wife and I watched friends the other day. You couldn't make friends now. Oh, right, right.


You can't. We like, we used to watch it regularly. We watched one episode, we were like, this is, this is like, it's transphobic. It's, it's a whole bunch of shit. That's Why it's funny. Well, have you ever seen Ace Ventura Pet Detective? Oh yes. Holy shit. Try watching that again. You're like, yo, you couldn't make this movie at all today. So many great comedies. There's no fucking way Tropic Thunder gets made today. No, no way. It's one of the greatest comedies of all time. It's a phenomenal movie. You couldn't make it. Do you think, do, do you think this is like outright a, a bad thing or outright a good thing? Or do you think it's kind of halfway, like what do you make of It? It's gonna, it's gonna force courage.


Right. 'cause people obviously wanna see those kind of movies. It's just, someone's gonna have to have the courage to make it. And if they do have the courage to make it, it will get criticized. But it'll also be wildly successful. Right. If they really went for it and made a super bad today, like a fucking all out crazy comedy, it would be huge. People would be so happy. So the only people that are reaping the rewards of that desire for rebellion or comics, we're the only ones. Mm. Comics and podcasters and mostly podcasters are comics. Like a lot of 'em are at least, at least the comedy podcasts. But that's the thing, the, there is now a vacuum. There is now a vacuum for people to step in.


Because it got to the point, particularly with TV comedy in the uk, and I remember saying it to comics in a comedy club, people's WhatsApp group is now funnier than TV comedy. Yeah. And part of the reason is because if everybody saw your WhatsApp group, we'd all be canceled. Right, right, right. Especially the ones I have, Bro. But it's not just you man. It's everybody. It's everybody. It's everybody's hiding. Yes. Right. Everybody's hiding. Well, it's talking shit. Right. This is what's fun about memes. Like I don't believe the thing in the meme is true, but it's funny It's a funny, crazy thing to say, but Why did we get to a point where we just believe that every joke was true? That every joke was a statement of fact.


It's, we don't believe it, but certain people want to use it because their words written on paper, or words spoken out loud and they want to use it as if it's a real statement. Just like the analogy I made about Quentin Tarantino movies. Right? Like, it's not really killing anybody in those movies. It's like, you wanna pretend that this thing that this person's doing, you could decide it sucks, you could decide it's hate you, you don't Like It, it's, You know, it's not your kind of comedy, it's punching down. You could come up with all sorts of reasons why you don't Like It, but that's like the same kind of reasons why you don't like ac DC, You know? And you like Liz pH. Like everybody has their own thing that they like and don't like. But you can't pretend that it's a statement. It's not a statement. Right. It's comedy and it's, if I swear to God, if you see 'em do it on stage, it fucking kills.


Yeah. Yeah. This is why I am excited though, man. Because look at you. You just had one of the former president presidential candidate. By the time of the next election, it's gonna be, everyone's gonna be doing podcasts. There's no getting away from it. Well, what's interesting is something happened, I'm sure it was a mistake at YouTube where you couldn't search for it. Yeah. I'm sure it was a mistake. It has to be a mistake Joe Way. It wasn on purpose. And so if you Googled Rogan Trump, They got to Joe. They got to Joe, he's Apologizing. Only get, you could only get clips. You couldn't watch the whole episode. You couldn't find it. Yeah. And so we reached out to them a couple of times and they fixed it to their credit. So now you could find it all good. But, so in the meantime, Elon was furious.


And so Elon contacted Daniel Eck at Spotify and they put it on X as well. So now it's on X the full. So now it has way more views because I think on Elon's alone, what is it on Elon's alone? Because Elon posted it and I posted it and this morning, like right, I posted it last night. I woke up, it was like six and a half million views on mine and eight plus million on his. So it's just, it's a, you can't suppress shit. It doesn't work. This is the internet. This is 20, 24. People are gonna realize what you're doing. If you try to make it so that something can't come up in a search engine because it's too popular. First of all, if that's not trending, you tell me what the fuck is. Whoa. Okay.


So what's it at now? 8.6 million on mine. And what's it on, on Elon's? Because he has a lot more people on his than me. So that's just from last night. But you, you can't fucking suppress shit anymore. Like when you're saying that, that's why is that not in the trending? You have a trending thing. What's your trending thing really? Then? If one show has 36 million downloads in two days, like that's not trending. Yeah. Like what's trending for you Mr. Beast, like he gets a little more than that, but 12 million for Elon. Huh? So He's at 12. So it's 20 million total. So It, it's, it hit 20 million in a day just on X. And that's just us. There's a ton of clips.


There's a ton of other accounts that have done it illegally where they've taken the episode, the full episode and uploaded it. Right. So who knows how many views those have. So Joe, can I just check? Why do you say you are, you are certain it was just a mistake. It's Just a mistake. I'm being sarcastic. Oh. Oh, I didn't get that. Oh, now it was my turn to miss the sarcasm. Okay. It's like there's no way it was a mistake. That's too convenient. But it could have been like some rogue engineer. You know, there's a lot of people that are working behind the scenes. There's a lot of people you Think they suppressed. That is so dumb though. But there's a video. You could watch the video of people searching for it. I did It. You could find it. It wasn't showing up for that. You couldn't Find it. I couldn't find it. I couldn't find it. And then it got to the point where you could only, you only had to write, you had to write Joe Rogan.


They fixed it a little where you write Joe Rogan Trump interview and then it would come up. But if you just wrote Rogan Trump, only you get the, the clips. Do you think it kind of worked for the Hunter Biden laptop story? The what they did and their tactics around it? Now, obviously it came out later And it was a big scandal, but at the time it kind of worked. Yeah. Do you think they might have thought, well, You know, it kind of worked for this, therefore we we should try it for this. I think they're desperate because they had no idea it was gonna be that popular. And it's a runaway train and they hate it. 'cause ideologically they're opposed to the idea of him being more popular. It's just like what we were talking about before.


The, the left wing being in control of these, these massive media distribution companies like YouTube or like Facebook, they, they're massive companies. They have so much influence on everything. And they didn't like that this one was slipping away. And so they, they did something and Jamie showed me like the image of the interactions, like when it, when they did that, it dropped off a cliff because people couldn't find it. So they just gave up or they just watched the clips. So you see like how much downloads it's getting and then it just What about that claim about the reporting taking it down? What's that? Yeah, that could be it too. Right? People, mass reported people were saying that you mass report something enough.


So what was the actual claim? Like somebody posted, I sent, sent it to you. Right. Basically what you're about to say, if you mass report something enough, it might've just taken it out of the search Because it wasn't like they didn't delete the video from our channel or anything. Right? Right. So that could be just Couldn't find it In the search. That could be it. But that's also the same thing, right? 'cause it's people that are on the left that are mass reporting something to try to silence it rather than just letting people do it. So maybe it's not the company itself, but it's the people that are attached to the ideology the company follows and they think that you should be able to do something about a conversation like that. But it's so stupid, Joe. It's so ridiculous because I, I look at that and I go, like you said, all you're gonna do is you're gonna bring more eyeballs to it because everyone's gonna think, hang on.


They're going, they, they what? They Well, I'm definitely gonna watch it now. Yeah. But, So I just don't understand, and this is me being a little bit naive and whatever else, and go, why not for the Democrat party? Why don't you do this? I know it's gonna blow everyone's mind. Why don't you get the best possible candidate that you can and just go in on Trump. He's got Flaws. Well, that's, that's why this election is so dangerous. The reason why this election is so dangerous is we've accepted that someone could be the representative without going through a primary. So, because we had to get rid of Joe Biden and everybody kind of agreed after the debate, like, oh my God, he's literally falling apart. And they decided not to have a primary.


And so once they do that, then, then you have the whole machine behind it. Because there's a desperate attempt to redefine who this person is in front of everybody's eyes. This person that everybody thought like uses word salad and all of a sudden now they're the number one person. This is the, this is our, our savior. Barack Obama's behind her. Everybody's behind her. Like It has to happen like that. And that's kind of crazy because they don't have much time and they're kind of manufacturing a thing. So like, they're gonna try everything. It's like a desperado time. This is part of the problem with right now. I Would've thought they would've learned that lesson the last election.


'cause they tried this shit And it backfired massively. That's why Zuckerberg is now stepping back from it. I dunno if you saw Jeff Bezos's article in the Washington Post. Yeah, Yeah, I did. It feels to me like at least tho among those guys, the tide is turning man. They, they, they don't seem to be keen to interfere in anything like the way that they did before. I think. And also as well, just a final point, it's not like the Dems don't have form for this as well. Look what they did to Bernie in 2016. Right? So, right. You just got what again, and again and again. You're gonna do it. How are people gonna have faith in your party? Yeah. But people don't look at that. Isn't that wild? They don't look at the idea that they, Bernie was getting too popular. And it wasn the first experience that I really had with like, getting attacked by the mainstream news.


Like CNN was saying that Bernie was on my show, that my show was sexist and racist or whatever the fuck it was. And You know that Bernie was doing a terrible thing by coming on my show. And it wasn when I, I saw, I was like, oh, they're trying to get rid of Bernie. Like, this is really interesting. Like, why are they turn like you have the most popular podcast in the country. Why wouldn't you want to express his ideas out to the world? 'cause they didn't want him. And he was appealing after that kind of a conversation. And you're like, oh, so you're just gonna take a fraction of a penny off of speculative trades and you'll be able to fund all these things like education and really can you really do that?


And I was like, okay, tell me what you can do. Like you are, you've been around this fucking rodeo for a long ass time. Maybe this guy's got a way of looking at things that is may maybe it's, maybe it'll work. And then I saw the machine and then they got him out of the primaries. I was like, whoa, this is kind of crazy. And they're willing to do that. They did it with RFK, right? They, they, they would not let him have it primary. They wouldn't allow him to compete against Joe Biden. No fucking way. They, they had one guy and it wasn Joe Biden until it wasn't. And then when it wasn't, it was like, okay Kamala, you gotta be it. And then they just went hard pushing her through.


And it worked really good until some of these interviews, right? 'cause that those interview things are just a super unnatural way to talk. You know, you have live cameras in front of you and all these people and already she's gotta be aware of how many people are hating on her. She has to be aware, she has to be aware of how many people don't think she deserves a spot. She just got in. Joe, can I ask you something? Who's the they? Right? This is the thing I'm genuinely wondering. Who's the they that's trying to get Bernie not to run? Who's The they? Well, first of all it's the DNC. Clearly if you read Donna Rice's book, But there n's gotta be like one guy or one gal at the top of that, right?


I don't Think So. I think there's an organization. I think, You know, you, you got your Nancy Pelosis and all the people that are in power. And one thing to consider if you're, you're thinking about like, well, like why would they want Kaley Harris over anybody else? 'cause first of all, everybody who works in the administration right now is in the Biden Harris administration. They would like to keep those jobs. Well, I'd like to keep this job. That makes sense. What do I have to do to keep this job? And those are essentially the people that are running the show because she's busy and he's not there. So like, those people want to keep their job. So that's what you're experiencing right now. But man, You know, sorry Francis, just to finish on Like, It sounds like a trite and rather obvious thing to say, but you are running to be the leader of the most powerful country in the world, right?


You've gotta be able to fucking talk, man. Yes. Yes. Well, if a Primary, we don't even say this 'cause it's so fucking obvious, but, but you gotta be able to communicate. Well, that's why we have primaries. That's what, because being a leader is a little bit more than having qualifications. It's being able to execute in real time under pressure. That's what those debates are all about. It's not just about like who's got the better ideas. You could have them both write an article and find out who's got the better ideas. It's about seeing them kind of perform under pressure and respond under pressure. We wanna see how you handle the cooker. That's why we like those crowds. You know, when you do those debates in front of crowds, it's a bigger cooker.


You know, we're, we're trying to figure out whether or not you can handle it. And by having no primary and having her just go right through and then keeping RFK Jr away from Biden even before that. Like this does not give a lot of people faith that you are following the ideals that this country was founded on. And if you're just, if you're going on your own way just Because you wanna win, okay, you've kind of taken over this system and subverted it. You've changed it. Well, let's say you get elected though. You are gonna be sitting across from Xi Jinping. Yeah. And Vladimir Putin. Right. If you can't fucking talk, right. How's that gonna go? Well, Good thing they don't speak English.


Take Take what she said and make it sound brilliant. Transl. It's gonna make even less sense to translate. Believe me. I think they're, It's, You know, they're not worried at all. But also they have been doing that job for how long, how long has Putin been in charge of Russia? How many years now? Since 1999. 25 years. Okay. 25 years being a leader of Russia. And Xi Jinping controls China with an iron fist. Right. And he's been doing that for how long, right? I dunno. But a long time. A Long time. So you have people that, that's, it's one of the vulnerabilities of American politics is its strength. And one of the strengths is that you don't have someone who stays in and just keeps running things and becomes a dictator. You have to get outta there after eight years at most. The bad part about it is, every four fucking years we have someone who's new doing the hardest job in the world.


That's, they've never done it before. Like even Trump said, like at the beginning of his term, he did not know how to appoint people. He didn't know who to trust and he trusted a bunch of people he shouldn't have trusted. And he put a bunch of people in there that he shouldn't have put in. So four years of that, he got a handle on it. And now he has a completely different perspective. Why? Because he did the job already. Because he's, he's already been in there running it like he knows Oh, kind. He's a businessman. It's like, I see why this is fucking up and I need to get smarter people in here. And so what does he do? He, he, he talks to Chama about being the head of the FDA. He talks to Elon about coming up with some government efficiency agency. He talks to RFK about taking care of healthcare.


He's like delegating to people that are very good at it now. And like some these people that could actually impart a real change. Not like a sort of fucking a ese change where you're just like putting on a different mask. No, a real change of the system. And that's one of the reasons why the resistance against it is so hard. 'cause so many people are gonna be outta work. And You know what I found really interesting, looking at the Democrats, we've, you look back at the Bernie 2016 thing. They didn't appoint Bernie. They appointed their person Hillary. Right? Trump took a lot of Bernie's talking points and went on and won the election. And you were, and Because it spoke to the average American and they, the average American felt no connection with Hillary whatsoever.


Yeah. So you are actually going, if you had just got and been fair, Bernie might actually have won. He might actually have won because he had cut through with the average American, but they didn't want that. They appointed their person and then they ended up losing and then they had a tantrum and said it was Russia interference and all the rest of it. Yeah, no, it was you, you stopped the, the person who actually could have won the election for you who could have cut through to the average American. You didn't want that. And you screwed it up for yourself. And then you had a tantrum at the end of it, blaming everyone. And then there was also the polls, right? The polls had her winning like by a huge margin. I think on election night it was like a 90% chance she was gonna be the president.


Something crazy. So for him to show that the polls were bullshit, that it's good in a way. But it's also like now they're gonna tighten things down significantly. If the same sort of apparatus that would keep a guy like Bernie Sanders out, or a guy like Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Out, they're not playing fair. This is, they're not interested in playing fair. They're interested in winning is whatever the fuck it takes to get through this thing and win. They wanna keep their jobs. It's just, it's like they're, they're engaging in corporate warfare. It's like, or legal fair. It's like they're used their weaponizing the justice system to go after their opponent. They're doing everything they can. All of the things.


What's your sense of how it's gonna go? I have Zero idea. Zero idea. I do not like that. The people are suing to make sure that voter ID isn't required. People are suing to stop people from using ID to vote. That's the only reason why you would do that, is you want people to vote. That shouldn't be voting. That's the only reason. That doesn't make any sense. You know, we've been here a week now, I've had to show ID to get into a bar, to rent a car, to rent a hotel room. Like yeah, This ridiculous. Everyone has fucking id. But the saying it's racist to require ID is so crazy. Or it's bad for poor rural Americans to, to require id.


That's crazy. They have cars. They, everyone has a car Driver's license. I saw some data on the internet, I might be wrong, but it's, it's showed the ethnic minorities actually have a higher support for ID for voting than, than white People probably because they went through it to get a fucking id. Right? Right. Ethnic minorities went through it, became American citizens actually got the legal right to vote. They're proud of it. And they're like, Hey, do what I did. Don't just cheat. You Know, you guys are Cheating. Seems like a reasonable point. It's so Reasonable. But anybody who would say that that's not reasonable only wants to win. Right. You know, I'm pretty left of center for the most part. And I, I see that. I'm like, that's crazy. You can't, that doesn't make any sense sense at all.


You can't say people don't need IDs because it's racist or it's whatever it is. It's, You know, classist. You know, and, and the thing is, they talk about classes, right? And I, so like, I, I used to work when I was teaching. I used to work in a lot of deprived communities. Really, really like people were struggling. Like if people made it to the end of the week with food on the table and they paid their bills, it wasn a win. It wasn an absolute win. And having worked in those communities, those people are more anti-illegal immigration than the inverted commas elites. Right? Because illegal immigration brings down their wages. It brings down, it brings down their ability to earn.


It means that the jobs that they do get obliterated and they can no longer afford to feed their families. Right? It's basic economics. So this idea that, oh, You know, immigration is a right wing issue. It's bullshit. Immigration is actually a left wing issue. And you look at all staunch, what you would consider to be old school lefties. They are all, no, we need to control immigration to protect the rights and wages of workers. It's why when we had Brexit in our country, people said, oh, it's right wing. It, it wasn't that, I know so many blue collar guys who voted Brexit, they weren't racist, they weren't any of those things. But as one of them explained to me, he was like, look, Francis, I've got no problem with immigration, but at this point it just feels like my wages are getting lower and lower and lower.


I've got a kid on the way. I can't afford to live on this. And, and to, to then smear that person as right wing. It's, it's, it's obscene. It, it's also, you're giving power to the people that take advantage of these illegal immigrants air quotes because they can get those people to work for less money. So you're empowering bad people to use cheap illegal labor. And that that becomes a problem because they'd use it all the time. Especially, there's no inspections. I mean, how many different plants have been busted across the country using illegal aliens? It happens all the time. Construction sites happens all the time. In fact, Tim Dylan said that it wasn one of the, he believes one of the motivations of having the border so porous, he thinks it's to get cheap labor.


'cause it's hard to get cheap labor. And so if you're working a construction site and you got a bunch of illegals working for you, they, they have no rights. You know, they can work for a fraction of the minimum wage and it's way more money than they were getting when they were in Mexico. And then you're putting them up in a house. They all live together. They're PP pickled peach. They're fucking happy as shit. They, they, they're, they can't believe they're in America and they're actually making money. And there's a, a road to at least some level of prosperity that exists here. So they'll work for less money. So you're empowering scumbags to pay people below, You know, standard wages. And then you're crippling all the people that are the workers who don't have any, say, who are healed illegally, who are, You know, ha they demand, they know what they're supposed to get.


They demand fair wages and health insurance and all the things that you should get employees. Yeah. And it's also as well, look, my mom's, my mom's Venezuelan. So, and I, I've got family in this country. I know a lot of Venezuelan people in this country. And then I see what illegal Venezuelans are doing. Like rag that gang. I Like how you rolled your bars. And it, It's pretty good. It's just, I always make fun of him for that. You know, I'm just sketching, You know, I'm, I'm Latino. Yeah, You did a good job. Nailed it. I need to do it. Otherwise, no one believes me, Joe. But You know, I can tell you this for a fact. Every single Venezuelan who came here legally works hard, went through the hoops to escape Venezuelan to create a better life for themselves.


And their family are utterly mortified and horrified at the actions of those criminals and what is happening in this country. I'm sure. Because not only is it terrible for the victims, but it also reflects badly on us. Like, you now go on Venezuelan and people think, oh, what? Like that criminal gang. Well, It's also weird that it's taking place in what they call a sanctuary city, where the cops are kind of, they're handcuffed as to what they can do with these people. And one of the weirdest ones was someone was having a conversation with this woman where they were talking about these gangs. I forget who it was, might have been JD Vance, I forget who it was, but the woman was saying that it's only a couple of apartment complexes that had been taken over.


Who was that With? I think it was J Vans, but yeah. Yeah. And he was like, do you hear yourself right in the United States of America, armed gangs from Venezuela have taken over a couple of apartment buildings in your city, and you think it's not a big deal. You, you're trying to minimize that how crazy that is. That illegal aliens who came across who are armed to the tits or part of a dangerous, enormous organized gang have taken over apartment buildings and are extorting all the people that live there. And you don't think that's a problem. That's wild. You know, and, and if you say that, they go, that's a right wing talking part That's wild. Like, what are we fucking talking about? What Are we talking about? What if your mom lives in that building? Like, what are you talking about? That's crazy. You're, you're, you're saying crazy things.


It doesn't make any sense. It doesn't. And You know, I, we were in LA last year and because I have a Russian name, You know, all the Lyft and Uber drivers in la they're all Armenian, right? Right. So they all speak Russian. They recognize my name. So they talk to me in Russian. The the guys who came in the nineties, they all came legally. They got their documentation. Everything. One guy was telling me he smuggled his 83-year-old father who's disabled in a wheelchair through the southern border. Wow. Like all the guys that are coming now are coming through the southern border. They're not getting documentation. Why, why, why would you bother? Right. Why would you bother? And, and that you can't, Americans are the most pro-immigration people that I've ever seen.


But I also think when you have high levels of illegal immigration, that undermines people's confidence Right. In the entire system. And the worst thing is it doesn't make any logical sense. Can anyone explain to you why it is beneficial to America to have an open border? What is the benefit to Americans? I think 84% of Americans don't agree with it. Well, no. Shit. I think it's a large number of Americans don't agree with it. And yet it's happening. And the, the real fear is that it's being used to buy votes. Right. That's the real fear. Do you believe that though? I, it's a great strategy. If I wanted to buy votes, I mean, if I was a sociopath, right? Which is what a corporation really is, right? It is a psychopath.


What, how do they, isn't that, there's a great book about that, right? Yeah. Defining a corporation as a psychopath and as, as we talked about before, this need to constantly grow and this, this obligation to your shareholders. Do whatever it takes to make the most amount of money. If you were a corporation, you wanted to control the whole country, what would you do? Well, I would incentivize people to vote one way. And I would move them in and make their life way better than it ever was before. And then let them in. And the other side's saying, we're gonna deport you. Well then the other side's definitely not who you're gonna vote for. So now all I have to do is let you vote. So I can either let you vote by telling you how you don't need, ID just go ahead and vote.


I can do it by offering amnesty to a certain amount of people. And then there's this thing that they keep saying that these people are here legally, but the way they're here legally is a new thing. And this new thing that they started doing during covid is they used this shipping app to schedule amnesty meetings now. So they allow you to get into the country with this app. It wasn really only for shipping. Pull that app up again, Jamie. So this app was originally used. So like, say if you came here from, You know, England or whatever, and you wanted to sell some stuff, you, you could be here for a while while you're, you're shipping and bringing your stuff over. This is like a way that you could register so they know where you are and then you could leave.


So now they changed it during Covid and made it. So this app now allows you to schedule an entrance into the country. So you don't have to have, there's no vetting, there's no checking on you, there's no who you are. But through this app, you could schedule time. They, they'll compensate you. They put you up, they bring you to places. So this is this US Customs Border of Protection app. So it's CBP one Mobile Passport Control, MPC and my CBP. So it was launched in October, 2020 C BP one is a free app that provides access to a variety of CBP services. It uses guided questions to help users find the right services, forms, or applications.


CBP one was originally used to help commercial trucking companies schedule car cargo inspections. In 2023, the app was expanded to allow unauthorized migrants to request asylum and book appointments at the US Mexico border. But, But that's good. You want people to book an asylum appointment and so that you could make sure whether they're legitimate claimants or not. That's a good thing. Right. The problem is when people are allowed in and they don't have a good case. Right. Because America would let some people in who claim asylum. I think the American people are very generous in that way. I wonder how many people they deny that try to use that app. That's A different question. The real question is, why are so many of them showing up in swing states?


That's the real question. Because It's like, that seems a little suspect if you're moving people to swing states. And then you have people like Nancy Pelosi and I, I, I forget who else it was. They were making the argument that we need immigrants because Americans are not having enough babies. You know, this is Elon's argument. He's made this population collapse argument. Sure. Yeah. Which doesn't seem right to people 'cause they're stuck in traffic. But it is. Right. If you really pay attention to the amount of people that are actually having children Yeah. And what it's gonna be like in the future. South Korea apparently is a gigantic disaster. Well, Japan as regard, well, Japan as Well. We had this guy Stephen Shaw on the show to talk about. He did a great documentary about it. He went all around the world looking at population decline.


And It is a real fucking problem. It's a real problem. It's a real problem. And so their, their argument, and this is a, I think it's a bullshit argument. It's like we're letting these people in because Americans aren't having any babies. Like, oh, you just figured that out. Yeah. But this is, see, this is, are You moving them to swing states? This is, This is such bullshit though, because America has a legal immigration system. Yes. You could have billions of people come into the United States legally if you needed babies. There's a queue of a billion people who would come to America legally if you let 'em. Right. That is not an argument for legal immigration. How much can you learn about someone in a short period of time when they're coming to the border? Because like, there's those numbers of like, I think it's over the last 10 years, how many murders have come through? How many rapists have come? It's like, it's staggering numbers.


Right? And then there's the unreported ones. A lot of these gang members, they snuck in the coast is wide open. The coast is weird. You know, you could, you could be in a boat and beat yourself in San Diego and no one knows what the fuck to do. And then you jump out and you're in a van. There's a lot of that stuff goes on. So it's like how many people are actually getting in that aren't reported? That's the real question. And they know that they've caught people that are on the terrorist watch list. They know they've caught people at the border that absolutely are up to no good. So it's like, how many people didn't they catch? How many people snuck through? How, how, how much in danger are we because of that, how much of an October 7th type attack could happen in the United States because of that.


To say no percentage is crazy. So to say that it's possible means that you've been derelict in your duty. You haven't saved us from the potential of us being invaded. And, And it, and it's, it's also as well then what you are naturally going to get, if that is a concern, a major concern for the average working person, you are gonna get a politician who is gonna address those, those concerns and is gonna make it front and center of their campaign. Of course, of course they are. Right. Because that is politics and that's how it works. And that's a good thing. You need those people to address the concerns of ordinary people. Right. But then they come in and then they start going, this is a Nazi rally.


This is so, and you are just going, oh, not only do you not want to have the conversation, not only do you want to justify your ideas, you want to bully, smear and harass those people with perfectly legitimate concerns. Yes. In order to shut them up. So what you are going to get is what happens when someone has a very real concern about something and you smear them and you, you call them horrendous names. Those concerns aren't gonna go anywhere. They're gonna get really angry, they're gonna fester, and eventually it will turn into something nasty. Yes. And so by doing this and continually ratcheting up the, it's like a pressure cooker continually ratcheting up the pressure, eventually it's going to boil over.


And I look at them and I think to myself, do You know the forces that you are messing with? Do you understand what you are doing? Right. Because eventually this is going to turn nasty. And I really don't want it to, I, I hope it doesn't, but you can only do this place so many times before people go, You know what? You're gonna do that. Fuck you, and this is what I'm gonna do. Yeah. And they, they run the risk of that in Aurora, Colorado. They really do. They run the risk of that with these gangs taking over apartment buildings and them not stopping it. All of it's very scary because that's what everyone's worried about. What everyone's worried is that our level of crime is gonna rise up. 'cause you're bringing people from crime ridden areas that have criminal backgrounds and you're letting 'em in without vetting 'em.


And then you're gonna increase the crime and you can increase organized crime and cartel crime that scares the fuck outta people. And it should. And you can't let that in just 'cause you wanna win. You can't let that in as a side effect of this goal that you have to bring in these people that are probably wonderful people that just want a better life. And they, they take this crazy journey where they walk on foot across the country, Hey, I would do it too. I would 100% do it too. And I think you would as well, if you were living in those countries and the Red Cross gave you a map and said, this is what you gotta do. You gotta make it up here and go to these people to give you a cell phone. Like, okay, you would do it. Yeah. Why wouldn't you do it if they know you're gonna get let in and then you get money and food stamps and they'll put you up at a house.


What? Of course you'd do it. And then you have like these places like New York City where these enormous luxury hotels are completely occupied with immigrants. What was that movie that that luxury hotel was in? There's like a famous movie. Is it the Jennifer Lopez movie Made in Manhattan? Is that the movie where they have those people? Hold up, find out. That's it. But it's like a famous luxury hotel and they just, and then all the poor people in America are like, Hey motherfucker, what about us? What about us? What about the veterans? What about homeless people? What about all these people that are down in their luck? What about all these people that are single moms? All these people that have no money? What about them? Well, What is the question I'd be asking if you, you, you mentioned 84% of Americans are concerned about this.


If I was a Democrat's, What I'd be asking, here It is a Roosevelt Hotel. Wow. That is crazy. The Roosevelt Hotel is a famous hotel. And look how beautiful it is on the inside. It Was just over a year ago in the Roosevelt Hotel And became the one stop shop. So this entire hotel, so if you're a hotel guy, right? And homelands, whoever it is that runs this program, comes along and says, Hey, we'll fully occupy your hotel. 24 7 will give you X amount of money. You know, maybe it's more money than you would get if you were at full occupation.


Like, you're like, okay, sounds like a great deal. And so now you have housing for all these people. And then the people that are living here are very upset and they, they should be. You see it all the time. Like, people in Chicago are fucking fed up, man. They're like, we've been trying to solve the, the crime and the poverty problem here forever. City would not say how much it costs to keep the facility running every day. But immigrant affairs Commissioner Manuel Castro emphasized how the cost should be coming from the federal government. We hope that the federal government does more in support of asylum seekers. Okay. Well it's like what you said, the federal government is gi giving money to hotel owners. Yeah. And so everybody's happy. Yeah.


Everybody's happy. Except the people of America. Well, except the people that have to deal with the problems that come along with allowing people in that aren't vetted. You know, especially people that come from a place where it's violent, You know? Yeah, totally. And crime is rampant and normal. Well, this is, this is what I was gonna say. It's like if I were one of those Democrats who secretly harbored these concerns, the question I'd be asking is, why isn't my party dealing with this? Right. Why, why if, if all of America basically agrees this is a problem, why is it a party political issue? Why isn't it a thing that both parties agree on, by the way, as they used to? Right. All the major Democrat figures 20 years ago, I had, I had the whole chapter in my book about it.


They all used to say exactly what Donald Trump is saying now. Yeah, Yeah. They do. And especially Barack Obama, You know, he talked very Clinton, Obama, Pelosi, Schumer, all that. They All talked about the importance of a secure, safe border. Right. And that it's always been an issue Because you wanna protect American citizens. It's not racist. Right. Like, I'm all for immigration. I just think maybe we need to spend more money on letting people in legally. Right. But how do you vet those folks? That's the real question. Like how much paperwork do they have? How much of a It's Pretty thorough, man. Like Francis and I have had to apply for Visa to Come. Right. But think you guys did it legally the right way. That's what I'm saying. They look everywhere, man. Like every Ty's fucking examined, You know what I mean? Coming through. But even people coming through, I mean, if they're coming through the wrong way and you wanna vet them, how can you even You can you, you can you can you?


Yeah. Really. Of course, I don't think it's beyond the, the, the, the American system. But If you're from a third world country Yeah. With very little paperwork. Like what, how do they do that? Interviews? I would guess they try and find out where you lived. Like, Oh my God, how much resources would that Require? Yeah. But compare that to how much resource it requires to host people in a five fucking star fucking hotel. Yeah. Very good point. Right? You could be talking to those people the entire time. So where are you from, Bob? What'd you do over get Those scars, bud. America would save a lot of money if it put a lot more money into finding out who's coming here. Making sure people have a legitimate claim. Yeah. They've applied legally. And then you are spending the money where it's supposed to be spent, and then you've got a safe fucking country.


Yeah. And then this, And, and this is a really important point when people go, because they do, You know, they do the, You know, the, the, the argument about, look, we have to let these people in. You are letting people smugglers flourish. Yeah. You are letting sex traffickers flourish. How many of those poor women and kids are getting brought over and basically being turned into a sex slave? There's no I they've got no identity. They've got no rights. How many of them have, are now in this country? No one knows. It's not zero. Not, it's not zero. No. It's, it's a real concern. And that's not something that's being brought up. Instead they're bringing up Tony Hinch Cliff's joke. Right, right. Because this is an inconvenient political issue that is very dangerous. The Republicans harp on it.


The Democrats ignore it and minimize it. It's a, it's a giant issue. The human smuggling thing is a giant issue. They, there's something like 300,000 kids that are missing that came across the border. They have no idea where they are. There's so many people. I mean, what is the number over the last four years that have come across illegally? I mean, what do you, what's even the estimate, what's the estimated number of crossings? It's the highest ever that's ever been in modern history. I think Under Biden has been around 10 million total from what I've read. But Jamie, You know, I'm sure we'll check this on that. Boy that is five Austins. Yeah. I mean, Yeah. And what effect is that having on society? Because also there's a law of unintended consequences.


What's gonna be the effect, not only now, but five years down the line, 10 years down the line, 20 years down the line. Do they have jobs for these people? Yeah. Here's here's the thing. Well, they do for like $2 an hour. Yeah, yeah. Right. But here's the thing, like if there was more American manufacturing, and this is one of the things that Trump really wants to pursue, is incentivizing American manufacturing and TA putting tariffs on things that are brought in from overseas. If there's more Manu American manufacturing, first of all, one of the things it wasn exposed during covid, it wasn a big one, was how much we rely on stuff that comes from other countries, You know, especially medications. A lot of it was coming from China and there's a lot of equipment, a lot of things got stuck. So here it is. What's the number, did I say the number Jamie?


11 million since 2019, I think, or something. 11 million. Yeah. Was also like, not blaming, but saying a lot has to do with in 2023, the end of Title 42, where they couldn't expel people for covid related reasons anymore. Mm. And then that kind of, How many people they tested for Covid the coming across the Rio Grande River with a backpack. Right. Shut the fuck up. The one thing I wish the right did better on this though, is to talk in more humane terms about it. It's always, yes, there is a kind of like these fucking illegals. Right, right, Right. We would all do what they're doing. We would, Yeah. And the way they talk about it, they're, You know, like Trump, Trump did that too. They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats.


Also. A lot of 'em are very hard workers. If you talk to Springfield, Ohio, one of the things that these people that employ, some of these people are saying is they're so thankful that they have this opportunity there. Haitians are just like everybody else, man. They're just fucking people that wanna do better. And a lot of these people that hire these folks are saying they're super hard workers. They're doing jobs that nobody wants. They're very thankful for it. It's an opportunity for 'em. And then also you have bad people, right? Yeah. Just like all groups of people that come from war torn, fucked up places, and they come over here, you're gonna have good ones and bad ones. I'm just saying, I just wish that I, which is perfect. Like what you are saying, Francis, this is the point you made very well, is like you just wish that I was directed at the people who are allowing this to happen.


Yes. Instead of the people who, who are coming because that's not gonna make things better. What we need is we need to vet people, but also we need protections to make sure that people aren't being forced to work for inhumane wages. And if we start doing that in America, well, how we're no different than Foxconn and China with the fucking suicide nets around the building. We're allowing people to take advantage of people that have no hope. Yeah. And that's, and that's not, we, one of the great things about American manufacturing, if you have a plant in America and you have regulations in terms of like what they're supposed to be paid and healthcare and the amount of hours they work, you can ensure that you don't have to feel bad about buying a thing from those people.


Hmm. Like if you buy whatever, You know, something that You know is made in America for sure. Like if you buy a, a Ford truck that's made in Ohio or wherever they make them, hopefully it's made in America. So then way, you don't have to feel bad that like, that's what's going on with all these people coming across here. Ironically, they moved so many jobs and so many things over to Mexico to get people to work for almost nothing so that these fucking corporations can make a little bit more money. And we allowed that to happen. And when we allowed that to happen, they killed American manufacturing. They killed it. That's that Roger and me movie, the, have you ever seen Michael Moore's Yes. Documentary on it about Flint, Michigan.


It's a great documentary. But they just pulled out of D of Michigan where they were making all the cars and then these people have nothing. Right. They were checked to check while they were working there. And then instant extreme poverty. It's a horrifying documentary. And, And what these people don't realize is the effects that has on the community, not only the poverty element of it, but work brings dignity. Joe. Yes. It brings purpose. Yes. It doesn't matter, like, You know, the level of job that you have, but if you are going out, particularly for men, and you are doing a job, maybe you hate it, but You know what? You're earning enough money. You can feed your kids, you can feed your family.


You go, I'm doing my job as a man. Yes. I am doing what I am meant to do. When you take those jobs, which a lot of, like for instance, in in our country, in the uk a lot of these, these places were built around the factory, the plant. They were the literal hub of the community. And then you had bars and cafes and restaurants around that. Yeah. When you take that out of a community, you are ripping the literal soul out of it. And all of a sudden these people who once had purpose and dignity have got nothing. And it, And it doesn't matter, even if you give them money and you go, look, here's your benefits. Nobody wants that. Right? Nobody wants a life that's aimless. Nobody wants a life where you are dependent on handouts.


This is what scares me about the future, really because of ai. What, what scares me about the future. And Andrew Yang was really the first guy to bring this up. He was talking about automation. And I think that automation and ai, they built a whole road in China in like a very short period of time. Just using roads or using robots rather, and ai. Have you, did you see that? I didn't know. They're much more advanced than we are with drone technology. Like, have you seen some of the light show drone shows that they do in China? They're unbelievable. Unbelievable. Like dragons moving across the sky. It's incredible. All these drones moving in synchronicity, they're all coordinated by AI and computers and they're flying together, like showing, making objects in the sky.


It's beautiful. So their ai technology in their drone technology and their automation is already allowed them. This was a resurfacing project. It says, here it is. So this is no humans man. This is all robots. And they did this shit in record time. Mm. They, they did the whole road. Like if you're a guy who, this is your livelihood, you should be fucking terrified. And it wasn the, the source of this recent, this this recent thing, it wasn going on with the Longshoreman's union, right? Because the longshoremen were gonna go on strike and they're like, Hey, we're gonna get fucking replaced. We know what's going on here. We want some protections in place because they see what's happening in other countries.


I think it's, is it Singapore that has a completely automated system for removing cargo? And you watch it And it works 24 hours a day. You don't have to pay it, it doesn't have kids. No injuries. No injuries. And it's con and it's really good. They're fucking super effective and they're gonna get more effective. So you have less mistakes. You don't, you, you completely eliminate human error. You know? And then once they iron the systems out and they get 'em even better and better and more robust, you're, you're gonna have no need for so many people that are working. So what do you do? You give them universal basic income. You tell 'em, find something that gives you purpose. Like, oh Christ. At the same time they have AI goggles and fucking, fucking, they're watching virtual reality all day and they're not even living in the world anymore.


You're just getting a check from the government and free food And an AI girlfriend And an AI girlfriend that makes you job Yourself. So they're lost points. I mean, it could get Really fucking strange in this country in a short amount of time. And, but You talk to these people, right? You talk to Elon. What does he say about stuff like that? They all think it's inevitable. I think they're all right. I don't think you could stop it unless something disastrous happens like a nuclear war or some sort of a horrific natural disaster that kills the grid. We are probably just a, a decade away from an unrecognizable world. 2014 is not that different than 2024. It's kind of real similar.


Cars look the same. You still had an iPhone. It's like, not that you still have a laptop. Like how much is different? Your internet's a little faster. How much is different? Not that much. 2024 to 2034 is gonna be fucking bananas. We could see a complete upheaval of society if you have one party that's completely in control of the political process. And there's, You know, like there's no room for a third party now. 'cause they've kind of boxed out the third party. There's libertarians, but like good luck. Good luck. I voted for a couple of them. Good luck. They can't win. Yeah. Right. It maybe it could get to that point where republicans can't win. Yeah. That could be real. And then the Democrats are gonna act just like all tyrants, all groups of people that have massive control over everything.


They don't wanna relinquish some control for the, for the sake of democracy. Shut the fuck up. The only people that have ever did that were the Greeks. And they were on drugs. They were, they were doing acid and they said, Hey, everybody should have a vote. You know? And if you have a populace that is basically just dependent on handouts. Yeah. What you've got is a dose of defeated population. Yes. And It dependent too. They're dependent on you for Survival. They're dependent on you for survival. So it's not even in their interest to challenge you. It's Completely outside their interest. There's, they have no leverage. They have no fuck you money. So, so You know, what are they gonna do? Right. The thing that, the thing that worries me is I was, I was reading about the driving jobs and how many driving jobs there are in this country and driving.


It's still a very, very well paid job in this country. If you are a lorry driver, you, you, you earn a really good salary in this country. And that's great. That's brilliant. But the moment automated driving comes in, like that's a whole sway of mainly men who have got nowhere to go. It's a very good point. It's millions of jobs. So they think it's inevitable, huh? Yeah. They think it's inevitable. Yeah. I agree with 'em. I don't know how we adjust to that. You know, human beings have had to make some major adjustments over the course of human history. Right. Moving into cities, dealing with mechanized things like cars and trucks and trains. These are just massive adjustments that we had to make. But I don't think any of 'em are like this one.


Yeah. This is the industrial revolution on steroids. Yeah. It's like, and it's also coming at the same time as transhumanism. It's coming at the same time as this potential integration with artificial intelligence that we're experiencing augmented goggles, which is like the tip of the spear. And then you're gonna eventually get chips, You know, once, once things like Neuralink and there's a few other competing programs. Once they develop something that enhances human productivity, enhances your mental capacity, your ability to perform, maybe physical capacity, You know, they're, they're gonna be able to do things in our lifetime that are gonna make being a regular human seem stupid.


Just like being naked in the cold. Seem stupid. Like, why would you be naked? You could just be warm. You fucking idiot. Why out they're freezing when you can have a nice down jacket on you fucking moron. And that's what it's gonna be like cognitively. Like why would you want be depressed when you can have clarity and enlightenment and you, you could have instantaneous access to the wireless grid as long as you don't have bad thinking. As long as you don't do anything that we don't like, as long as we don't have to shut you off. Well, There is a book about this, You know? Right. Yeah. It's, Well it seems Have some sermon. Chill the fuck out. Yeah, Bro. That book, when you read it, especially, 'cause I read it in high school, I think, which was already 1984.


So it's like, oh, this is bullshit. Yeah. It's like space 1999 didn't really work out that way. You know, there was a TV show about people living in space in 1999 think, because that's what they thought. Mm. So in the eighties, when, when, when did Orwell write that book? It would've, I mean, it would've been, I think it came, no, he, because he was in a sanatorium at the No, he was, he was dying of consumption TV at that time. I think it was 46. It came out. He Wrote it while he was dying. Yeah, he wrote it. Wow. That's why it was kind of dark, man. 1949. Oh, 49. It came out. So he writes it right after the fascism of Nazi Germany and all that stuff. And, and Stalin. Yeah. And Stalin. Yeah. And so he writes this book And it just seems ludicrous at the time, but now it's like a prophecy.


Yeah. And Especially the wrong think stuff like that is wild. You know, just going, just touching on the AI thing. What's interesting about AI is it's also obliterating middle class jobs. Yes. Middle class jobs, like graphic designer. Pretty soon that's gonna be, that's gonna be Not just middle class, but all the coders. Yeah. All the coders. All the coders are gonna be gone. You're gonna look at the law accountancy. Why are you gonna employ an accountant? Right. When you've got an AI to do all your books. Yeah. You just feed it into the algorithm. It will sort it all through. Boom. But my fear is that it's gonna get to a point where, why don't we use AI for government and have really objective government that's, that doesn't have greed or lust or desire, or the need for power ego, or to be, to be validated.


You know, it doesn't need any of those things. It doesn't ever tweet out. I hate Taylor Swift. It just fucking runs everything with the objective is to make the world better. And the objective, the objective is equal al allocation of resources, particularly like natural resources that are really all of ours. Why should we have these corporations that control all the oil and the oil's in the ground? The ground belongs to the humans. Why should anybody have an unbelievable amount of influence on everybody else? Just because they pull oil outta the ground? That seems crazy Until it goes rogue. Yeah. And goes, You know what? Humans do a lot of damage to the planet.


Yeah. That's the problem with being objective. They realize you guys gotta get your shit together. We're gonna kill y'all. Like, it'll have a meeting with us and say, Hey, we need to get the robbery, murder, rape rate down to zero. Let's put all the men in prison. If we don't, we're just gonna kill everybody. Oh man. You know, it's, that's why you, you feel that. I know. And people always hype up elections. They always hype up elections. Americans, you do show business in elections better than anyone. I went to that Trump rally. This is what, like, it's one of the greatest shows I've ever seen. You must not have watched M-S-N-B-C because it's a Nazi rally.


They show There were so many Israeli flags there. It was unbelievable. Yeah. There was a lot of Israeli flags, Israeli flags, loads of Jews, loads of people recognizing super Hard to call it a Nazi flag with a lot of Israeli flags. I mean, or Nazis. I mean, it's just so silly meeting This bullshit. But that's what they're doing. They're just trying to win. They're trying To win. Yeah. But you but you, you can't, you can't. The words have fucking meaning, Joe. They do. Yeah. They're supposed to. Yeah. And for a reason. And that word, it's supposed to have a very specific meaning. And it's a, Like, It was a kind of a thing where like, if someone said that about somebody, you'd go like, holy shit, I better really make sure this guy isn't that. I better really make sure this isn't, that they, Yeah. It used to be like, oh my God, that guy's a Nazi. Like, you wanna follow him? Seeing where he is going to some secret meeting. Right. Like, oh my God, he's really a Nazi.


It's so irresponsible. It really grinds my gears that shit, man. It, it's just, I know you wanna win, but this isn't winning. This is making the whole thing fucking worse. Yeah. It's not good. It's not good. And it also is not good for them because all those mainstream media companies, all the MSNBCs of the world that are doing this kind of shit, you're gonna lose more and more credibility. Like you're already hemorrhaging credibility. This is the reason why the Washington Post, why Jeff Bezos had to make that wrote write that article. Yeah. So we need more representation of conservative voices. We, we, we can't be just endorsing presidents Because you all agree to one thing and you want to like, educate the world. We we're, we're not activists.


We're supposed to be journalists. This is the reason why this business is hemorrhaging money and lost amazing amounts of credibility. Like stunning. I've never seen a time where more people have lost faith in mainstream news. But here's the thing, and you, you talk about this And it is one of the things you talk about and you talk about it brilliantly. Words have changed their meaning. Words no longer mean what they, what they used to. I saw this post from Mark Marin, and he, it is like he was going for the world record about trying to mention the word fascist, every other sentence. And I'm going, and I'm sure, look, I'm sure Mark's a decent guy and, and whatever else. But I'm sure if you sat down with Mark and you go, mark, what, explain to me what fascism is.


What do you mean by it? It's virtue signaling. It's signaling to the cro, to the tribe. It's what it is. It's the idea. And it's also, there's a lot of jealousy. Mark used to be at the top of the heat. He used to have the number one podcast. Now it's like, it's not even the top 200. He was a great guy when he was number one. He was a lot of fun, apologizing everybody for being a dick when he was younger. Oh man. But, but, but look, It wasn, you gotta nuance is very important. It's very important with human beings. And as soon as you like conveniently categorize something as fascist and white supremacy, I think is another word he likes to use, you're being silly and you're ruining your own credibility. You, you're gonna get a bunch of people that agree with you. Yeah. Right on man. But they're silly too. The, the, we're just a bunch of human beings trying to coexist.


What we want out of this election is a greater country. The country's supposed to be a team. That's what it's supposed to be. Mm. It's the most amazing thing. This idea that we're all in this together. We collectively we're a tribe of people, but we, because of our fucking stupid instincts to be on teams, we've divided ourselves right down the middle, essentially. I mean, this, depending on who, whose poll or what you wanna read, it's kind of like pretty close down the middle. And one side thinks the other side is the end of everything, and the other side thinks the same. Yep. It's, it's so stupid. It's so stupid. And it's just, we don't have much time. Human beings live a hundred. If you're lucky, I'm 57, so I'm three quarters of the way dead.


If I'm lucky, if everything goes great, why Spend any time on nonsense? Why spend any time just pledging allegiance to your tribe? Why not just try to have a perspective that will enhance this situation and, and let people understand that we're really over our skis, we're out of our fucking minds. We're, we're really like foaming at the mouth here. There's, there's important things. And the the important thing is we've gotta figure out a way that we don't have a nuclear war. We gotta figure out a way where, make it easier to make a living. We gotta figure out a way to make it safer for people. We have to figure out a way to secure the borders and make sure that we're not letting in terrorists, we gotta figure out a way to not have terror cells activated because it's gonna be convenient politically.


Look, we, we gotta figure out a way to not have FBI agents inciting people to enter the capitol building. We gotta figure out a way to, like, there's a lot of shit we have to figure out collectively as a group. And and there's also the tragic element of it. And people don't talk about this tragic element enough. If you think about it, we live in an evermore atomized society. We, we hang out less. We see, we, we, we, our our social groups are getting smaller and smaller. That's just a fact of, of how society's going. Think about the people who've lost friends. Look whose relationships broke up. Marriages broke up over politics. Yeah. There's a guy right now in the UK waking up in a little flat somewhere and he's looking around and he went, oh fuck.


I lost my re my marriage. I don't see my kids anymore 'cause of Brexit. It's crazy. That's dumb. It's not just Brexit, it's over here. It's like, if you're married to a Trump supporter and you're a Harris supporter and you're fighting over the dinner table, that person's the enemy. It happens to people all the time. Or people get red pilled, You know, and then they sort of like wanna leave their ideological group. And then the other per person that you're with, maybe business partner, maybe, maybe you're lover. They hate you now Because you, you're the, you're part of the enemy and a bunch of people that don't give a fuck about you. They don't care about you. And you've pledged allegiance to people that don't even know your name. They don't even know they don't know a thing about you.


And they're lying on TV every night and you're still all in for them. You're making homemade signs running out the door and holding his, what are you putting signs up on your lawn? But righteousness is such a drug man. Like when we were standing in that line in New York, there was a guy that walked past and he was like, enjoy your fucking n you rally to like a family with young kids. You're not a good guy. Yeah. You're not a good guy when you're doing that. I don't care what your politics is, you're not a good guy. No, no. It's awful. You're not, you feel good when you're shouting that, well, you're not behaving in the right way. But it just Gives cunts the ability to scream at people. 'cause they think they're right. You know? Especially if you've already labeled those people Nazis.


Yeah. You know, enjoy your Nazi rally. Like you could yell at whatever you want at Nazis. You know, it wasn the whole thing back in the day. Remember punch a Nazi. Like, okay, but who gets to determine who the Nazis are? Like if you're in World War ii Yeah. You have to punch a Nazi. But If you're in Brooklyn, I bet that guy's not really a Nazi. He might just have a tie on like, Or listen to this podcast. Yeah. He might be listening to this podcast, but, You know, but he might get punched on the subway. But You know what, I would, I would love Kamala Harris to come on this podcast. That's the podcast I wanna see the most in this Selection. I would. But I just, I feel like very strongly that if it's gonna be done, it has to be done like a regular podcast.


'cause that's the only way it works. The only way it works is just sit down and talk with somebody. You can't go to some ballroom and some hotel where they control everything and they have cameras ready and they want to edit stuff out. It's like, no, that's just too weird. It's not the same thing. Like, you go to see Colbert, You know, you go, you're on his set. You don't ask him to make a set like at the White House. Like, You know, you, you're doing it where he does it. Totally. Yeah. But that is why I'm still, we've had a depressing conversation. I'm still excited because that thing you're talking about, You know Jeff Bezos, that's the market working. Yeah. Your ratings are tanking. No one trusts you. No one buys your fucking newspaper. Okay, well, who's doing shit? Right. Let's have a look around who's successful? Oh, it's this.


Okay. Maybe we need to do that thing. You were talking about Vidal Buckley. Yeah. Maybe we need to actually have a conversation. Maybe we need to have, I'd love for you to have Trump and Harrison here. That'd be interesting. Well, that's what I said to him. I said, what really should be the two of you sit down and have a conversation for as long as it takes. Right? Mm. Just no, no moderator, no one there. No, no. Not even a moderator. Not you. I don't Think So. I don't think I need to be in the way. It would be hilarious just To watch. That would be hot. How long would it tell? Like what do you, okay, How are you gonna fix the economy? How are you gonna fix the economy? Yeah. Like, I wanna do this. It wasn my idea. No time limit. No time limit. Like the UFC back in the day.


Right. Yeah. I Mean, that would be how you'd really, like when you see two people on a panel and they're talking about things and one person really knows what they're talking about, whether it's Bill Maher or whatever. Mm. When, when that happens, it's always fascinating to watch someone like way out of their league. Yeah. And they get exposed. But that same person could be doing a softball interview and they look like a wizard. Mm. They look like a genius because they already have their predetermined answers to questions that have already been presented to them. So they prepare. And that's essentially what you've been getting a lot with Kamala Harris. You've been getting a lot of this prepared stuff. Mm. You know, well, I was born in middle class family And it, she has this thing that she's gonna say and, You know.


Yeah. It's, and You know what to me is, I, I would love to see this, but broaden it out in society. To me the most interesting conversations are when you talk with people who disagree with you, who see the world in a different way. Yes. Because not that does two things. Not only do you learn something, but number two, you find out some of the things you think are bullshit. Yeah. And they're wrong. And then they go, hang on, actually that ain't true. Look at this. Look at this. And you're like, oh wow. Actually, You know what you are. Right. So it makes your ideas stronger and you become a more fully rounded human being. But That requires good faith. Yes. Yeah. That requires good faith. Those conversations don't happen if both of the people are playing to an audience.


Well, people have A really hard time with good faith because the problem with good faith is you also have to admit you lost. Yes. Yeah. And people get so attached to an idea. They say an idea. And once they set it that as a part of their fucking DNA and they will argue for that. They don't wanna be wrong. They don't wanna be wrong. Even smart people. Yeah. Especially smart people. I had an Argument with a friend of mine once about divorce and that women get paid more in divorce. We were talking about like how the divorce system is kind of fucked because lawyers prey upon it in order to jack up their rates. And then they turn the couple against each other. They have like, wait, well he said this, but that motherfucker, and then next thing You know I want more.


And then they get, well really what's happening is the lawyers jacking up his rates, he's dragging things out. And then, You know, I know guys that have been devastated by divorces. And his argument was like, yeah, but isn't it fair that the woman gets all the money because women only make 75 cents a dollar for what men make. I go, do You know that's not true? Like, do you understand what that is? And he didn't wanna believe it. He was like, no, that's not what I go, it's, they have different jobs and they work different hours. That's where the 75 cents comes from. It's not like a guy and a woman work together at the same job. They both do the same job and the guy makes a dollar and she makes 75 cents. That's not how it works. He was like, no fucking way. I goes, yeah. And then we looked it up. He is like, like, whoa.


'cause in his mind it was always the, the labor market is unfair. Mm. Because women are getting fucked over because men take advantage of them. The way we're talking about them taking advantage of illegal immigrants and making them work for less. No. If you were working a corporation, a woman does just as good a job as a man, and yet she's willing to work for 75 cents. You would have only women working for you. Like they just wanna make money. They don't give a fuck about like all that. The DEI shit. That's just how they can make more money. Like what, what I gotta do to get a part of this? What do I have to do to get grants? What do I have to do to get, do I to get more loans? Like what do I have to do? Like that's all that shit is. Yeah. And it's, again, the problem is, is it makes everything so divisive.


Yep. Because look, the vast majority of people, the vast majority only care about fairness. They want it to be fair or as fair as possible. Yeah. Right. And when something is so egregious and so unfair, that's where anger takes hold. That's where resentment takes hold. And that's when people get nasty because they feel that they've been cheated. And in some cases they have. And they go, You know what, I'm not gonna take part in your game. Your game's rigged so You know what, fuck you, fuck your game. And this is what I'm gonna do. And once that happens, you don't have conversations, you don't have good faith. Yep. And you don't have any type of solution to the problem. Yeah. And the thing that's gonna help down is psychedelics.


That's what I was taking, Taking off The schedule one you fucking dumb asses. Bunch of people that have never experienced it. It's, there's a lot of hope in the future. And I think one of the big hopes is that these kind of conversations that we have are popular. Yes. Where that wasn't even a thing 20 years ago. It was impossible to get, if you were having a conversation about issues, there would be, it would be on television And it would be approved experts. It'd be someone who's an expert from a university or someone who's an expert from a corporation. And they would be talking to you about things or someone from the government. They would be, they they would, they had full control of the narrative. They don't have that anymore. No.


That's what's weird. And we have it for a small amount of time before AI takes over. There's like this brief window where people have access to like real discussions and then AI's gonna take over. Well this is happening though. Like in the uk there's a, the, the conservative party having an election now. Like whoever wins that, we'll have them on our show and have a conversation and find out, You know, what they're all about. And by the time of the next election here and in the uk, I think this is gonna be the primary vehicle. If you want to get your message out there, this kind of conversation. Well, I think they're probably all gonna do their own too, which would behoove them. You know, like if someone, like, let's say someone like Rand Paul. If Rand Paul decided to make a podcast, I bet that'd be pretty fucking popular.


Sure. Real popular. Like, look what happened to Tucker Carlson after he left Fox News. Like they fired him from Fox News. 'cause they didn't like what he was talking about. I don't know what the whole story was. I've heard a bunch of different versions of it. But the bottom line is he became way bigger. Like if you thought he was a problem when you had him under control when he was working for a corporation, now he could talk about whatever he wants. He's got some guy on who said he sucked Obama's dick. That guy up for like an hour and a half talking about doing blow with Obama and blowing it. It wasn crazy. Yeah. It was fucking nuts. I was like, what are you doing? Like, this is crazy. But that's the kind of shit you can do if you don't have any sort of guardrails.


You don't have any executives. You don't have any producers. But the thing that gives me hope, Joe, is most people, they're not gonna want that. Most people what they're gonna want, but hold Up the Obama sucking the guy's dick. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That guy sucking Obama's dick, dick. A lot of people are gonna want That one. That is everybody. Like everybody likes Dick sucking dick. Yeah. I mean, that is true. Can you, it's it's, but, but I, I think when people are craving a middle ground Yeah. People crave that. People desire that. One of the reasons that, You know, the BBC is in free fall at the moment, and they're hemorrhaging viewers and listeners and all the rest of it is because people think that they're biased and they have every right to, and, but when people talk about the demise of the BBC, most people, they're not happy about it.


They're sad because they know that it's that it was a valuable place where people from left and right came together to debate ideas, to share ideas and people would listen and make up their own minds. Yeah. People still crave that, Joe. And that's what gives me hope. Yeah. Is that that's what people want. You're gonna get people who want to listen to, You know, You know, I was in a gang bang with Obama or whatever it was. People are gonna, people are gonna clip that now and whatever, but You know, You know, You know, like that's a fringe. But the average person is curious and they just want to hear a center ground and They want a source that's interesting and reliable. And that's what the BBC used to be.


Yeah. You know, the BBCs, they, they put on that Attenborough documentary where we went to the Congo and the, the first time they ever saw chimpanzees eat monkeys. Remember that. Like, that's Attenborough, that's BBC. The, the BBC had one of the best documentaries on the Congo I've ever seen in my life. It's incredible. It's like, I used to have it on VHS, it's like multi-part, multi-part documentary on the Congo. They used to do incredible stuff, but in America, to a lesser extent that it wasn vice news. Like Vice news used to be incredible. Vice news news used to do all this really interesting stuff. And I had Shane Smith on from Vice News who started it, used to be the head of it, and then he walked away from it And it completely fell apart, went woke, went broke.


And because he left. No, well he left. And then it wasn't just that he left, it was also like who were the people that were coming in? Right. Right. There's these young woke kids that are coming in from universities and all of a sudden they had this idea of what they should be doing in journalism and it's journalism slash activism. And it just became bullshit and nobody paid attention to it anymore. And it lost all its money. Well, that's why I always say like, people love to share on the mainstream media as I do to some extent, but my, my view is we need a mainstream media. Yeah. Just not this one. Well, We, I think the way to do it is the way it's, it's probably gonna be independent mainstream media. Right. And, and when it stops being independent, people will give up on it and go to a real independent one.


And unfortunately there'll probably be fake independent ones that are like state sponsored that are trying to make it look like they're real. And they're, you're gonna get a bunch of CIA plants and a bunch of different intelligence agencies that gonna infiltrate podcasts. You're gonna have that kind of stuff. But that's just like, You know, that's like the Gretchen Whitmer kidnapping case when you have 12 different FBI informants and two people that don't know what the fuck is going on. And they're, these are the people that are coordinated the kidnapping. It's mostly the FBI informants, which is just nuts. They, things get infiltrated, You know? Yeah. But he's gotta suck to be that vice guy. 'cause you build this thing and it's working and it's great. And then Not just that he went broke. Wow. I mean, not broke broke, but, right.


Yeah. I think he lost a billion dollars. Wow. Wow. Yeah. That's maybe more Wow. You know? Yeah. Nuts. You know, it's, but he, but again, I, I come back to it, which is Like, It, there, there is so much potential now. There is so much space. And if you are one of those journalists, and look, let's be honest as well, we've all got our biases. Everyone here has got a bias. Not me, mate. I'm perfectly neutral. But Everyone's got what they think. But if you do and you are open about it, people accept that. People go, You know, okay, You know, Joe's, You know, whatever Joe is, I'm whatever you Constantine is, whatever he is. But they will be far more accepting of that Because you are honest.


You are authentic. It's like David Mame said, words that come from the heart go to the heart. And if you are prepared to have that honest conversation whilst admitting that this is what you think and this is what you believe, that is a far richer, more fulfilling experience for the viewer or the listener than someone just giving out talking points and saying, I agree. Because that rapidly gets very boring. Yeah. There's an audience for it, but, You know, back and forth and the cut Andros and hang on, you said this, but you're going That's, I love watching that. I love listening to that. Yeah. Mm. Well, real honest discourse is fascinating, especially by two intelligent people that have different perspectives. It's fascinating Because you say, this guy's obviously very smart and this person's obviously very smart.


And they're talking, and you get a chance to see like, what, what, how do you come to your conclusions? Are you willing to admit that other people have points? Like, or are you just steamrolling them when they question you about something that's contradictory about the way you think? Like How are you thinking? And I think we all learn by watching other people think and, and discuss things. Absolutely. But the difference is this is where the medium is. The message point really applies is that takes a lot of time. Yeah. Take any issue that's, that's in any way controversial. The idea that you can, the reason issues are controversial is that people don't agree. That's what controversial means. Right. People don't agree. People have different perspectives. The reason they have different perspectives, it's an is that that is an issue which is difficult to have consensus on.


Right. That means that issue is so complicated, you cannot discuss it in five minutes. Right. It's gonna take hours. And some really, it's gonna take, You know, sometimes it's gonna take years of research to come to a conclusion about certain things. The idea that you can adjudicate that through the medium of two people having a bus up on a show where they're just, it's optimized for anger and outrage. That's ridiculous. That's not how you get to the truth. The way you get to the truth is you take your time and you have a conversation. Yeah. And that's why I think we keep using that word hope. But I, that's why I do have hope, as you say before I takes over that that format allows. I'm not saying that's the only way these conversations goes, that there are a lot of dumb shit.


There's a lot of dumb shit being said on podcasts all the time as well. But there is the space for that kind of conversation as well. And that, that is good. Yeah. Podcasts are a lot like Twitter conversations. Mm. It's a lot of dumb shit. A lot of dumb shit, but a lot of good shit too. Right? Yeah. Yeah. And that's very similar in that they're both kind of unregulated. Yeah. And it, but it's important that you hear dumb shit. Yeah. It's important. It's, it's really important that you hear it. And also it is why I believe, You know, I hate political correctness Because it, it stops conversations from happening. Or what it does is it means like, like take immigration if like you say, or well, if you, if you say this point of view that's racist, you are only gonna talk about 70% of the problem.


You're not gonna talk about this 30% here. Right. If you don't talk about this 30% here because it's politically incorrect, you are never gonna solve the problem. 'cause the only way to solve the problem is to talk about every facet of the problem. Right. And if you, it's, You know, and if you're not gonna approach that 30%, we ain't ever gonna come to a solution. And that's when you get riots like we had in the uk. Yeah. That's how that happens. Yeah. When you try and suppress the discussion, that's what happens. And you guys don't have guns and We don't have, thank fuck we don't have guns. 'cause it's getting pretty heated, man. Yeah. I've seen some stuff. It seems wild over there, man. It is. You know, the real fear, if Trump wins is civil discourse or, or civil unrest rather in this country, a lot of people are scared of that.


'cause they remember what happened when he won in 2016, You know, and there was, there was some of it, it wasn real peaceful, like the Women's March. There was no violence at the women's march to speak of. I mean, I'm sure there was some, but it wasn't like the BLM marches. The bbl m marches were crazy. Right. Do you think that's gonna happen if you wins? I think there's a certain amount of that that's coordinated. And I think there's a certain amount of that that they, they do to initiate civil unrest to, to further their political goals. I think there's a certain amount of that that's real. Yeah. I think that's always been the case. There's always been agent provocateurs that go into peaceful protests and start smashing things so the cops can come in and, and and, and shut everything down.


And then there was, during the BLM, I'm sure you saw during some of the, the protests and riots that there was these bricks that were just left everywhere. Did you see that? No. Yeah. There was, at some places there was pallets of bricks that were just left in the middle of the course of where these protests would be. Didn't make any sense. Like, why is this there? Right. And there was all these conspiracy theories and there's all these people that are absolutely dismissing the conspiracy theories. I'm like, why would you dismiss it? Like, what do you do? Do you think that some people benefit from civil unrest? They certainly do. If you wanted to get the, the public riled up and get, you just start smashing things and lightening 'em on fire and give people this feeling that they could do that.


It wasn a wild time man. Crazy time man. It wasn a wild. And, and a lot of the people who were right at the front of that cheerleading it on from the sidelines, it's like what they did with Joe Biden. Like yesterday, he was the leader of the free world. This perfect guy. He's got no cognitive issues and then tomorrow, bam, he, he, he's done. Well The defund the police stuff, I mean it wasn all, it wasn all about, I mean, defunding the police. Are you outta your fucking mind? Do you don't know jack shit about police work and you're saying defund the police, but even some people that knew about it were using it as a political tool. Kamala Harris was saying defund the police. Totally. Would you ask her about that if she comes in? Sure, Sure. Yeah. I'd ask her about changing perspectives. I think it's important that people change perspectives.


Like people say, oh, they flip flopped. Well that's probably good. That means they, they maybe they were faced with better evidence and they realized they were incorrect. I would rather have that than someone like stick to some stupid erroneous idea forever. The real question is, did they actually change their mind? Right. That's the Question. Or are they just a politician? Like some people are car salesman, some people tell you need the undercarriage protection, you need that undercarriage protection. And it's, It's very important. Don't Sell it. And and it's also the way they marketed that they were like, this is a left wing idea. I'm telling you right now, people who are poor want police. Yeah. If you live in a poor, deprived area Yeah.


With high rates of crime, you want police. Yeah. You don't want a drug dealer on your, on your, on your, on your, You know, selling crack. You don't want armed gangs roaming around. You want them to come and protect your family. So the idea that we are gonna get rid of police and all of a sudden all the rapists are gonna go, You know what mate decide not for me. Well There was also so many weird ways to handle the riots. Like one of the things they did in New York City is just let people do whatever they wanted to do and let it burn out. Which is apparently, it wasn a way that people theorized it wasn the best way to deal with civil unrest way, way back into the sixties. But it was proven to not be correct.


Like, it's not a good idea. 'cause it encourages people to do more shit. You've got kids Joe. Yes. If your kids are running riot, do you let it just burn out? No. Fuck. No. No. Well, especially when people, like, if you're in New York, like I'm sure you saw like Sax Fifth Avenue, all these different stores that got their windows smashed and people just stole millions of dollars worth of shit. Smashed, destroyed, lit things on fire. Like why would you ever want to come back to that city? Why would you ever want to have a business there? You're gonna kill the businesses that keep people coming to the city and help the economy. That's insanity. It's dispiriting. It's actually dispiriting.


And because when you saw those events happening, you just felt like I I was watching it going, what is happening? Yeah. What is happening to society? Because every time someone commits a crime and they get away with it and you see it, it has a demoralizing effect on you. 'cause you think, hang on a minute, I work hard. Yeah. I pay tax. I do all of this. And you are allowed to just go around Rome, sco free, nick, all the stuff make, and then there there's no repercussions for it. So why am I taking part in a system which is effectively punishing me? Yeah. It's disheartening. That's the best way to put it. I gotta pee real quick. Yeah, we'll we'll do that and we'll come back. I'll do that too. Cool. Yay. Much better. Can't concentrate when I have to be.


It's Impossible. Yeah. That, that is so true. The moment you meet, it's, I remember doing a gig at the Edinburgh Festival and the crowd were just awful. They just weren't going for anything. And I was like, why is this? And one of the comedians turned around to me, it was raining outside. I'm like, so he went, they've all got wet socks. Oh, You can't be happy when you've got wool. You can't be happy when you've got wet socks on. Maybe you should try some hate speech. Didn't the guy get arrested in Ireland? 'cause he refused to call a boy a girl in class. Yeah. The teacher's a teacher. Yeah. Teacher's a, they literally put him in jail, right?


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How long is he in jail for? I It's been a while. It's been a while. And it's Ooh, Thats dystopian. That is, that's really crazy. But it's the logical conclusion of this hate speech. Bullshit. Right. Jail. If, if it's hate speech, then you have to prosecute it. If you prosecute it, you have to punish people. You have to punish people. How do you punish people? You put them in the fucking cage. Fucking crazy. And it's also as well, it's that whole safety is issue, which is we need to keep people safe. Yeah. And words are violence. That's another one. Yeah. And if somebody is going around spreading hate speech, he's making people unsafe. They, Even if they just feel unsafe. Yeah. Francis, they feel unsafe. They feel unsafe. Yeah. They feel unsafe. But, but, and it's, that's what it's all about.


You've made me feel unsafe, therefore I am unsafe. And what do we need to do about that? You need to be, you need to be got rid of. You can't have it here. Not Just that, but you set a massive example to anybody else. You step outta line, we're gonna put you in a cage. Yeah. So it's time to start calling boys, girls or girls, boys or whatever the fuck we tell you to. Right. It's just completely illogical. It says he was jailed because he broke like a trespassing order kind of for not for going back there when they told him not to. That would be the third time though, right? The words. Yeah. So to tell him to go back to the school. Yeah. He went back to the school to talk to people or something. And that's what he got arrested for. So he got fired. Why? He was not arrested for his position on transgender pronouns as claimed in misleading social media posts.


Social media users shared a video Burke's arrest outside the school September 2nd where he is heard saying, I have a right to work here. I have a right to be here. Not to tell students that they need to take puberty blockers. Oh Wow. But Jamie, this is the third time though. What was he arrested for initially? 'cause that's really kind of what we're talking about. Right. Scroll down to the bottom though. Let me hear what it says more. It says there other people off camera also say you're arresting him Because you won't endorse gender. Transgender ideology and, and knock Burke teacher being arrested for not accepting transgenderism. People circulating the clip online suggest Burke was arrested for his views with some writing breaking Irish police arrest teacher in a Burke for not endorsing trans ideology.


So was he fired for not that terms in of injunction that instructs him to stay away from the school. So he must have been fired for that. And then he refused to just leave. And so he kept coming back and then they arrested him. I mean, look, You know. No, but that said he was arrested for a third time. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I'm guessing the previous two arrests might not have been for trespassing. They might have been for things that he'd said. Well let's find that out. That'd be worth checking. Jamie Will find that. Yeah. Yeah. It's, You know, this is the thing that I find the most egregious is when you get kids involved. Yeah. 'cause the thing is with kids, kids don't know. They don't understand the concept. A lot of them of especially at a young age of gender.


So, and they're very impressionable of children. Of course they are. So you can pump them full of this stuff and eventually they can believe it. They're not like adults who will go, hang on a minute mate. The odd kid is Right. But the, but the majority of them are highly suggestible. That's why children have parents because they're not capable of making their own choices. Right. It really is that simple. That's why there's teachers, that's why there's, You know, there's adult leaders. Yeah. So they go to them. You are not capable of making this decision because your brain is not mature enough. It is not developed enough. I am an adult. I will be the one making your choices. And then when you get to whatever age, 18, 21, depending on the thing, then you can Gopuff and you can live your life and you can do whatever you want.


Until then I am the one in charge. And to this idea that then you then let, as something as huge as this where there's gonna be medical intervention and surgeries. I'm gonna call it what it is, Joe, that's child abuse. It's child abuse you. At least they've stopped it in the UK in terms of the surgeries, puberty blockers Sort of describing more. But it's still like he said or he didn't want to call the student. They, so they told him administrative leave and he kept coming back to the school. Okay. So they put him right. Yeah. So that's what it is. Instructed staff that a pupil who was transitioning to another gender wished to be referred to by a new name.


And the pronouns they a change supported by the pupil's parents. Burke from Castle Bar County Mayo, who teaches history, refused citing his religious beliefs. The school put Burke on paid administrative leave after he allegedly confronted the principal at a public event and questioned her in a heated manner. A claim Burke denies after Burke continued to attend the school, it obtained a court order. Barring him from the campus, he continued to show up prompting his jailing for contempt of court. Right. So it sounds like a guy making a stand basically. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You know, and, And it, You know what's even more nuts about this? Ireland's a Catholic country. Yeah. Ireland is a country that, with Mohamed being the number one name for young boys In, in Ireland.


Yeah. Really? Yeah. As the number one name for boys. I mean the, the Catholic faith has changed a lot since. Well a lot of people moved there. Yeah. Yeah. But, but You know what as well it's, Find that statistic. 'cause that statistic's crazy. Yeah. And it is like, You know, I typed it And it didn't pop up right away. So I don't know. Yeah. There might be a way in which it is, But maybe it's number two. Maybe It's number two. I think it was number one for young boys in like one of the most recent years. I hope they're not calling the girls that, that Would be so cruel. You can't even draw. Yeah. But yeah, it's Maybe in one city.


It says in Ireland, in Gallway City. Is it Galloway? Goway. Goway. Goway Goway. Yeah. That's what pops up. When I typed in ham on top of it it said Ryan's number one name in Ireland. Brian Ryan, RI, Brian Ryan Lad. Yeah. But You know, this again is what gives me hope Joe, is that especially in the uk we have fought really long and hard against this stuff. There was a, a report done by one of the, one of the most important pediatricians called Dr. Cass and the Cass Report. And it basically took a bulldozer to all of this crap. Yeah. To all of it. And you go, this is what we can do if we just start challenging and we go, no, boys cannot become girls.


Girls cannot become boys. That doesn't mean that if You know somebody is having gender dysphoria, they need, they don't have therapy. Talk to them, help them of course. All of this thing. We need to look at the reasons why girls are wanting to transition in their droves. Why is this particularly 40% of girls who are wanting to transition, they've got autism. We need to talk about this, we need to investigate it and we need to help these kids. But just giving pub puberty blockers and sending them on the stream to essentially have their life medicalized for the rest of time. That ain't a solution. And it's profitable. Which is even scarier. Yeah. So once these, these institutions become established and start making money off of it, they want to continue to, Well that's why I think we're ahead of the US in the uk because we don't have that profit motive to do it.


Yeah. Do you think, I was gonna ask you this, do you think we've reached peak work, Joe? Do you think we're past it now? Do you think we've turned the tide? It's still here. I mean it's like we killed off most of the wolves, but there's still a lot. I think it's always gonna be a thing that people ascribe to there. There's always gonna be a thing that people join up with because it's very, they're very aggressive in the ideology. And people like aggressive things. Just like Nazis never really went away. They're just like way less of 'em. You know? Yeah. Like when you get on Twitter today, you could still find some real Nazis, which is kind of crazy Because you would've thought after 45, ah, we hit peak Nazi.


You know, it's over. Mm. But it's not, it's, there's always gonna be woke people. There's always gonna be crazy ridiculous people that would take things to the extreme. In the sixties it was the weather underground. You know, you're always gonna have people that are out their fucking mind. You're always gonna have Antifa. You're always gonna have something like that where people believe the most extreme version of something. 'cause they, it gives 'em meaning and it's a group you could just join. Anybody can join and then you start fighting for it. 'cause those other people are the, the downfall of civilization. You know, I wonder about that online stuff. 'cause it the, based on what I see, I don't see it reflected in like normal day-to-day life. And, and we had Ashley Sinclair on our show last time we were in the US and she was talking about all these idiots running around going repeal the 19th.


You've heard this bullshit. And she said at the time, she said, A lot of this is foreign influence. And I was like, oh, okay. I mean, I dunno. And then you had this tenant media thing. Did you follow this? What is that Tenant media? It was the Lauren a tenant. Tenant media. Yeah. Yeah. Did you, did you follow that? Not much. Yeah. So it was basically the Russian government through various proxies gave $10 million to people in America. I think Lauren, it was Lauren Chen and her husband's company. Oh, that's right. That It wasn one. Yeah. So what was going on with that? Were they saying positive things about Russia? I don't think, from what I've seen, I may be wrong about this. I didn't see any evidence that any of the influencers who ended up being paid were like on the payroll to do specific things.


Do you think it's valuable to them to give the money just so they can kind of, those people can be dismissed? It's so that those people can pollute the space. Right. Right. If everyone thinks the right wants to repeal women's right to vote. Right. That divides society And it creates chaos. Like when I see all these Nazis talking online, I don't see that ref. Like we went to the Trump rally, none of them were there. Mm. Every time Israel got mentioned there was a big cheer. You know what I mean? So I don't see that reflected in reality. And I wonder how many of those thousands of likes and retweets are real. Right. That's a factor. Did you see the thing that happened at the Trump boat rally in Florida where a Nazi boat pulled up and they had like swastikas and everything and the whole deal and with masks on and everybody just started hosing them saying Get the fuck outta here because it's a kind of agent provocateur type deal where you probably have someone, some group that wants to make all the Trump people look like Nazis.


So they show up and, and then I saw media outlets report on it. Right. Like the Nazi flags we're seeing at the Trump rally. Yeah. Is again, and, And it's a great point. But the thing we always focus on with the right is the far right and we should focus on them and we should talk about them. Yeah. We never talk about the far left in communism. Right. And You know, people on, on like on Venezuelan, I, there were people in the Labor Party Eulogizing Chavez round about 2005 at the same time as he was putting my relatives in jail. Yeah. And then they were just there going and then they've all moved on and they've disappeared like butterflies in the wind and no one addresses it anymore. And everyone's like, oh well that's fine.


You go. So where's the consistency? Right. If you're gonna hold the right to account and you should hold the right to it, you should hold the right to account you, you've gotta hold your own side to account where people are like, well communism was never tried. And you're going, I think it was mate Yeah. Just wasn't tried. Right. Well the reason I asked you, Those kids in Brooklyn have it figured out. Yeah. The reason I asked you about p quote, 'cause I heard Rah Emanuel, remember he was Obama's chief of staff, mayor of Chicago. He was on Sam Harris' podcast and they had a very interesting conversation where people in the center of the the left, they are backtracking on wokeness and quickly. Mm. They're like, oh, it wasn just a moment. Yeah. We let some crazy.


That's kind of how they're talking about. Is that Where Sam's at right now? No, I dunno about Sam. Sam is, I think Sam is uber anti work. He always has been. Right. And he was pushing Emanuel to kind of go, why doesn't Kamala Harris come out and say, look, I went along with all this work shit like many of us did. Right. It wasn a moment. We, You know, I was wrong about that. We're not talking about that now. We're talking about make America better, make America richer. Like why doesn't, why doesn't, why don't those people just draw a line under it and say it wasn a mistake that, and a lot of people on the center left now are awake to this moment. I think that's, excuse me. That's why I asked you, because this does seem to be something happening. Yeah.


Something's happening. And I think it's, it was inevitable. 'cause it's so much of what people are dealing with is just stupid. Yeah. And there's so much pushback against it. And that's what Trump represents. That that's what the, the, the reason why there was 75,000 people outside of Madison Square Garden and You know, the place was overflowing with humans. That's what it represents. Like people are tired of being badgered. They're tired of being lectured to, they're tired of being told what to think and what to say and what to believe. And they don't Like It. They don't like that this one party is keep talking about change, but they've been in control for 12 out of the past. Or is it 12 outta the pa? No, 14 outta the past 16 years.


Years. That's crazy. Yeah. How can you be talking about change? You Know, they're tired of it. They want something to be different that makes them feel like there's hope. And they're also tired of being called bad people. Yeah. Because at the end of the day, left and right, they're both half the fucking country. Right. Right. So you can't run a country by claiming that half the country is evil. And, and in some way you can't, you can't do that about the right. Can't do that about the left. Look, the people that on the right, they're the firefighters and the police officers and the soldiers. It's stereotypically speaking. Of course there's left wing firefighter. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Right. You're gonna run a country without firefighters and police. Right. I mean, you're gonna run a country without soldiers. Right. I mean, You tried running a country without police mates.


Yeah. It Doesn't work very well. Right. Yeah. And likewise, you need also the more creatively minded people who are on the left and who, who run the administrative share and other kinds of things. Yeah. You need both sides to realize in this country, you are all Americans in our country, you are all British. Like you wanna be tribal, go for it. But let's agree we're all one and then we can go be tribal against China or whatever. You know what I mean? We, we need someone who's a leader who can articulate that. That's a part of one of the major parties who can say that and sort of unite people. And you're not getting that from either side, either side is the other side's stupid. And they're, they're gonna be the downfall of us. And this is a dumb person.


This is a evil person is there's no uniting. There's Like, It should be, I don't think you have to do it that way. I really don't. 'cause I think if somebody just avoided all that stuff and just focused entirely on the good things that are possible, if we all work together, everybody who's not gonna listen to their opponents constantly shitting on them. If the, if this one person is shitting on the other person relentlessly and the other person doesn't even respond to it, just talks about what they want to do. That person looks really stupid and petty. But if as soon as you engage now you're just like them. And now it's like I had to hit 'em back. Like, do you, do you really? Yeah. How about just say what you think you can do and say what needs to be done and How are you gonna do it?


And I think this is a reason why we in this in, in the UK have made far greater strides with the whole, with the whole medical intervention with children issue, is because it's not really a political issue. People on the left have spoken out against it and people on the right. Mm. And the, and the people like heroes like JK Rowling. And the moment you get people like that talking about it on both sides, people are then able to listen because it's someone from their side who they think is inverted comm is a good person going, oh, she's talking about it. Did you see the thing that she tweeted about the puberty blocker study that they wouldn't release? Yeah. It's so crazy. They, they, they made a puberty blocker study.


They found out it doesn't help the kids. No. It doesn't help their mental health. Health. And they thought that it would embolden the other side. So they decided not to release it. So you found out that it's bad for kids. You don't want people to know that it's bad for kids. And she wrote so you could keep doing terrible things to kids, You know, and, and then, but Again, it shouldn't just, shouldn't be a partisan issue. Right, right. No, Of course. Especially with children. Jesus Christ. That's crazy. Also, the thing in the UK you guys have socialized medicine. Yeah. So there's not this giant machine behind it the way it is here. The other thing about America is advertisement. So this is one of two countries in the world where pharmaceutical drug companies can advertise.


And that's not good. That's clearly not good. We're fucking full on, captured by them. And the amount of money that they can make and then the whole system behind them is so deeply ingrained in money. You know, it's just, they, they've got their hooks in deep and politics and television and media. They got their hooks in deep. And that's not good. And that's why you can have these conversations in America and, and medical stuff gets connected to left or right wing. But the great thing is with America is your first amendment. Yeah. You're so lucky to have that, Joe, you're so lucky that you don't have what we have where people, where politicians are openly talking about we need to tackle Islamophobia.


Yeah. You know, and you go, I was talking to a very, very senior member of the, of the police. He came to one of my gigs and then we got on the, the tube home. And this is a very, very senior guy deals with government. And I go to him, how long do you think until we have hate speech laws in the, in the uk in, in England, because Scotland has a different legal system. And he went probably two to two and a half years. And the, and the fact, and the fact that that in this guy was just very matter of fact about it made me, made me realize that we we're in trouble. We're in trouble. Because if government comes in and starts legislating and starts clamping down, that's when you're living on under authoritarian regime and run authoritarian rule.


But the fact you have this free speech amendment, and you've said it yourself, if you don't believe in free speech, you are not American. That that is such a beautiful thing. This is the way people have to look at it. You would think that stopping hate speech would be a good thing. And it would, it would be great if everybody voluntarily stopped using hate speech. It would be wonderful. But as soon as you can define hate speech in as simple a terms as calling someone by their original name when they've decided to change genders. Like, if you don't wanna be Francis anymore, but I insist on calling you Francis and you can put me in jail for that. That's really crazy. And it's dangerous Because it's just control. And you can't allow that kind of control to be in the hands of any government body where, because of the words out of your mouth, they can now put you in a cage.


That's a crazy precedent to set. Forget out, put yourself outside of who's right or who's wrong. And just think about the concept of the words that you say. An opinion that you espouse can put you in a cage. You don't ever want to give the government that, because that can keep moving. That that definition of what is hate can keep moving. It can keep moving to a really ridiculous place, which I think it is. If you're, you're doing things like gender identity, especially if someone decide, like if Admiral Levine, that person, that Rachel Levine person. If you can't say that looks like a guy, if you can't say that and you get in, well now you're getting locked up. For what? For accurate observations.


Mm. This is nuts. And it's dangerous because once you set a precedent, then they can keep moving that further and further down the line. They attach you to a social credit score system, and then they decide whether or not you can buy groceries. And now they can kind of dictate your behavior in the way you talk and think. And now we're in 1984, like legit. And If people, and you don't have to even be a genius to understand this, right? If you look at history, look at all the societies where speech is heavily restricted. You would not want to live in any of those places. Oh. And you don't get any creativity. You, you, you miss out on everything that it is to be an American. You miss out on all the cool. This is like the, in terms of like entertainment, how much entertainment comes outta the United States that the world consumes in terms of music, comedy, movies.


A giant percentage of the world's entertainment comes outta right here. Because you have the ability to freely express yourself. Yeah. And that's the reason Hollywood's in the doldrums now. Yeah. Because they don't have the ability to freely express Themselves. You know, who knows To get fucked with rappers. They can still get wild. They get wild. They get fucking wild. They still do. They, they say crazy shit in rap songs you could never get away with in any kind of rock and roll song or pop song. You know that Mexican ot? Do You know? He knows who that guy is. I have that dude in here. He is awesome. He's hilarious. But he's got this song, it's like, lately I've been fucking A new town whale around The, the rap is ridiculous.


It's so crazy. But it's like that old school braggadocious fun kind of like music again, entertainment. He's a wonderful guy. I mean him, he's a really nice guy. Very cool. Very cool dude. Very fun. But it's a art form. It's a art form. Just like death metal is an art form. It's like a kind, people like different shit. And rap, for whatever reason has gotten a pass. 'cause people are scared of being called racist. That's black privilege Show. Right. Or Mexican privilege Mexican In this guy's case, They should have had him open the Trump rally instead of Telling. Would've been amazing. That would've Been amazing. Yeah. I think he, I think he performed in front of Andrew Schultz's special.


Yeah, I think he did. You know, or at least Andrew used his song. I mean, what they did to Andrew was wild as well. Did you follow This? Oh, it was fascinating. But again, had the opposite effect. Yeah, yeah. You know, so it wasn this Brooklyn theater, they found out right after he did the Trump podcast, three hours later, they pulled his special, like he was supposed to be filming a special there. He'd already done a walkthrough of the theater, like approved the theater. They were gonna sell tickets and they pulled it. And it's just a political thing. Yeah. Well, what are, what, what do they, these I'm assuming business people, right? Yeah. What the fuck do they think they're achieving by doing? Are they think they're gonna, they're on the right Suppress is special. Yeah.


They think, well, no, they know he'll do it somewhere else. It does. He's big enough where it doesn't matter. Andrew can do anything. You know, he's huge. So he could go anywhere else. Anybody, every other place would be happy to have him. But they take a stand, You know, They're signaling to their audience. Yes. They're signaling to their community that people don't feel safe, You know, because it's, it's, it's, You know, it, it has the opposite effect. It just makes Andrew bigger. People find out about it. They get outraged. They can't wait to get tickets for his new place. So he is now he's gonna go to a new place that's bigger and better and he's gonna, it's special. Be even bigger. Good. Yeah. That's, yeah. And that's, he's un he's an undeniable guy. Totally. Yeah. There's certain people that are just undeniable forces.


They're undeniably talented and they'll, they'll find a way through all this stupid shit. Tony's one of them. Yeah. He's undeniable. He'll, he'll make his way through this and be better than ever. But this attacking that they did with Andrew just was so ineffective. And it just made him bigger. But it wasn't really attacking. Mm. They just said they don't wanna be a part of it. Which I guess if it's your fucking theater and you just have this decision and you wanna do it, and it's not really gonna harm him, it's just gonna, if you understand the publicity effect, the, the, what it's gonna do is the opposite. It's gonna make this person who just interviewed Trump even more popular. Like go have at it. Did you have a lot of pushback after you had Trump on? I have No idea. I don't pay attention. That's a smart thing to do though.


It's the only way to do it. I, I've adopted that a long time ago, and I wasn't gonna change it for Trump, for the Trump interview. I just, I'm not paying attention. I don't know, You know. But figures like Andrew and Tony are really important for the culture because they send a very, very strong message to everybody else. Yeah. You are not gonna cancel me. You are not gonna win. And in fact, the tactics that you use to try and suppress me to try and stifle me, all they're gonna do is make me better, bigger, and stronger. And that's such a beautiful message to send out to everybody. Just go, You know what? You try to stop me. You're all you're doing is making me even more powerful.


I think people are realizing that now. I think it really worked back in the day. Like you could cancel some people back in the, there's some people that have been legit, like Milo, he got legitimately canceled. Remember that guy used to be on, he was on Bill Marsh show. He was everywhere. He was always these videos. He would sit down, I had him on the podcast, the guy was great back in the Bill Maher actually compared him to Christopher Hitchens. And everybody was like, shut the fuck up. They were mad. He was like funny, articulate gay guy with a bit of a drug problem that is a Republican. Everybody's like, what the fuck are we gonna do with this? And for him, it was a great avenue to get through. And so wildly popular, they remove him from Twitter, they remove him from everything.


They remove him from YouTube and he kind of goes away. What did he say? Well, he talked about his own experiences as an underage man. Oh, that's what, So it sounded like he was kind of condoning, he Was kind of condo and he was kind of saying it, not on, just on my podcast, But there was another podcast where he talked about these men becoming like mentors to young gay boys. And that it actually helps them. And everybody's like, you're talking about pedophilia, The Greek model, right? Yeah. That's what the Greeks used to do. It's, It's considered different in, You know, when you think about a man to boy who is a gay boy versus man to heterosexual girl, like people get much more offended at the idea of a grown man and a young girl that's heterosexual then that's molesting.


Whereas with a lot of gay guys, and I'm not saying this is right, but their attitude is this is what they wanted when they were 14. Like that's what Milo said. Like I was the predator. That's literally what he said on the podcast. Believe me, I was the predator. Like, it's like ridiculous. But that's his experience. And he was talking about it and they were like, that's all we needed. And like, this guy is defending pedophilia and they went after him and it wasn back in the day when Twitter was solely controlled by the left. And you could cancel a guy like that. And it was effective. And You know, I remember a lot of arguments when people were trying to de platform people. Like when they de platform Trump, and there was a few other people that got de they were saying de platforming works.


This is what's been shown. De platforming works right for a little while, but you fucking idiots. It's, it's actually gonna, if someone crazy like Elon comes along and has the money to back it up and says, I'm gonna step in and I'm gonna make a wild West Twitter. Like they had talked about doing two, like when I had Jack on the podcast, he was talking about doing two versions of Twitter, doing a regulated moderated Twitter, and then a wild West Twitter. And I was like, when's the Wild West Twitter? And that's what Elon did. That's what he, he opened up a wild west Twitter. Yeah, dude, there's some shit that I find on Twitter that I'm like, what? Like this is not, and they're doing a pretty good job of hiding that, where you gotta click through to see some of the more egregious things that people say.


But yeah, I mean the problem is as well is that you de platform, there's gonna be somebody out there who's gonna go, You know what, we're gonna build a platform. Right? But You know what they did with those platforms? They in infiltrated those platforms with hate, right? So like if maybe reasonable right wing people decided to leave and start their own thing, you saw these bots that would go to these unregulated places and say the most outrageous, horrible shit. And they might not even be real people. And according to, we've talked about this many times, but according to an FBI analyst who was examining Twitter and the interactions on Twitter, his estimation was it could be as high as 80% bots.


So if you try to open up, whether it's truth, social or just pick a name, gab Gab had a, a problem with that. You just get bombarded by bots who are trying to ruin your company. Right? And whether that's the government or whether it's competing social media companies, like if there's no laws about this, if there's no laws about creating bots and you're running, You know, whatever it's threads and then this other thing opens up and you go, You know what? Let's fill that place up with Nazis. And you just start having these computers that you have connected to all these accounts, just posting the worst shit possible. Michelle Obama's got a dick and the, the White House is filled with pedophiles and you just like flood it with craziness and now nobody wants to go there.


Mm. You go there and you are looking for like a reasonable Republican, conservative social media platform that you could join and you could talk about things that are bothering you. You can't even go there. Yeah. And what they did is, in the case of Parlor, is that they then shut it down and they pulled the plug. Oh, Do you remember that? We'll take their servers away. All of that. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Perfect example, right? Yeah. Now you don't have this right wing version of this thing. Well this is one, one thing I'm really hoping Elon gets to, 'cause he is been kind of busy as we know. And I think Kim taken over Twits fucking awesome. It's really opened up a lot of things that needed opening up. But one of the things you talked about early on was bots. And I feel like there's probably a lot more work to do on that. So when, when they get round to that, that would make, that would make Twitter better.


Because I do hear from a lot of people who are just like, I'm glad it's more open now, but every time I open my four you thing, it's like, fuck. But the thing is, it's like, okay, if you decided that the way to eliminate bots is to require id, this is where it gets weird. Yeah. 'cause there's data breaches. Yeah. Right? So if you're posting something under Skippy McCoy 69, that's, you got some crazy fake name and then all of a sudden it gets revealed that this is you and maybe you work in a right wing office and you're posting something about abortion rights. Mm. And people just decide, let's get rid of that fucking guy. 'cause now we know it's you. Right. So we, that's It's complicated. Yeah. For sure. People Have been fired from things they posted on Reddit.


Yeah. Where there's shit posting. Yeah, yeah. Shit. Posting on Reddit is a lot like talking shit when you don't mean it in a group chat. Right. You're just saying ridiculous. Like Ari Shafi is the most horrendous things, bro. He doesn't mean it. Ari's a great guy. Right. He's saying something. 'cause it's funny to say. Mm. And when you stop that, Because you can go and investigate who this person is, people say things they don't mean just 'cause they want to get a rise outta people. 'cause they're bored and they're like an anonymous person. They'll say horrible shit. They'll come up with a horrible meme. Are, are we really gonna fire these people? Are they gonna lose their livelihood for something that is just for, for them it's like sport almost. Definitely not. But what I'm saying is to the extent that foreign governments are interfering Yes.


With what we think is the truth. Yeah. And what we think is the real conversation to the extent that other nefarious actors are trying to manipulate views, clicks, et cetera, that's a big fucking problem. It's A big fucking problem. And it's a problem that doesn't seem to be addressed at all. No. No. And we don't even know how many people are involved in this. 'cause it's so difficult if you're going through a VPN and you've got a computer bank and you've got these people that look real Because you can now, you can make artificial photos of families. You can make, you could decide I want a black woman and a Chinese man and this is their family and ai, I want you to create their kids. And so you can have all these posts on Instagram like, oh, you can follow these people over the years.


It's all bullshit. And that's so easy to do now. And you could do it on Twitter. It's way more easy because nobody even wants to see fake pictures of you. So you can have a bunch of posts about things that happen to you during the day that make you look like a real person. And just Nazi shit. And, and this is the issue as well, is that when people talk about, You know, hate speech, they're making an incredibly complex issue. Very simple. Because they go, oh yeah, we're gonna get rid of hate speech. Right. And then you go, well what does that mean? Right. And what is it gonna be the effects of that? Right. And also as well, look, there's a lot of young kids on social media, I don't know about you, but when I was a young kid, I said, lots of dumb shit. Right. Well, are you then gonna destroy someone's life for the next 20 years?


Right. Because they said something that could be racist or maybe is racist when they're 15 years old. Also, there's some things that people see that are, people have attempted to make mainstream, that people have rejected. Like one of them is minor attracted persons. Right. You've seen this, right? Yes. It's Mapped. Joe, please, let's have some respect. I've Seen minor attracted pedophiles, Legitimate professors say that it's offensive to call someone a pedophile and you should call them a minor attracted person and not to marginalize them. What if it becomes hate speech to call someone a pedophile? Right. That is not, when you see how far we've gone, that's not outside of what could be possible.


Yeah. Because if, if you follow this train of thought to its logical conclusion and if they are a minority and all minorities need to be protected. Yes. And particularly from a, from a majority who dislike them, and particularly in the case of Peter Foes, where the majority fucking hate them. Right. Then you go, well You know this, You know, this person can't help who they are, therefore they need protection. And they are a marginalized group. Yeah. And how much of that is being manipulated by foreign entities? How many, how many people are out there trying to get us riled up about stuff? Right. I remember the Renee dur resta thing where she found out that there was a Texas separatist meeting. It wasn organized by these, these troll farms right across the street from this Muslim meeting.


Like they, they literally had them on the same block. So they're both protesting like across like, fuck you, fuck you. And they're just riling people up. Yeah. And it's, the idea was that they're doing this to, there's a certain percentage of that that's gonna diminish our faith in democracy that's gonna diminish our, diminish our faith in our system. Well this is what you besman of was talking about. Yeah. You've seen the stuff, right? Yes. And, and I, I a hundred percent believe there's a lot of that going on right now. 100%. It's too accurate. Yeah. That speech that he gave in 84 when you, when you apply it today, it's like, oh my God, he was off by like a decade or so. Yeah. But not by much. 'cause a couple of decades ago, if you were in the university's still pretty ridiculous. But there wass just no social media to amplify it to the rest of the world.


What it was like slowly taking root. But the thing that amplified it to the rest of the world was social media and it wasn the unseen el element that really like through the, the gasoline on the fire. I really think this issue actually in my opinion, is a national security issue. Yeah. And I think that when you, when you look at, it's not just this social media influencing, but it extends beyond that. It's other countries, hostile countries, funding colleges and universities. It's doing all of that kind of stuff. I really think the West needs to get serious about that and go, do we want foreign countries to be dictating to our citizens what the truth is. Right. And we're gonna, we're gonna have to reckon with that, that you, that can't just be left to to, to its own devices 'cause it's not gonna end well.


Yeah. It's not And it's, it's scary that most people aren't aware that it's even taking place. You know, they think that these people what these opinions, this represents a sizable portion of the country and it's real. Yeah. And a lot of it is not real. It's not. And we don't, we're not sure how much of it is real. And so like, we don't even really know what the conversation actually is between all of us. Hmm. And then there's no like reasonable people who are calling for civility where people go, Hey, I like how that guy's talking. There's no reasonable people call calling for some sort of a a coming together in a compromising. I mean the most interesting people in the Republican party right now are people who used to be Democrats, which is fascinating.


Yeah. It's like people of abandoned ship. Yeah. And You know, and the thing that worries me is I talk, we talk to a lot of, I talk to a lot of young people and we've had young people on the show. One person in particular was, was talking about the fact that young people don't believe in democracy anymore. Right. They just go, the system doesn't work. It doesn't represent me. Whenever we elect someone, they're never going, they don't do what we want to do, what we want them to do. What's the point? What we need is an oligarchy. We need strong men to come in and sort this out. And you're like, whoa, don't careful what you wish for because I've Seen that. Or more socialism, which always leads to an oligarchy.


Yeah. Or just a dictator. That's why dictator that there are people on the fringes of the right who are obsessed with Bhel. And Bhel has done a lot of good things in his country. Who's Belli? He's president. Is it Salvad? Yeah. Salvador. Yeah. He's the president of El Salvador. Incredibly popular. Was he sort of, he basically took anyone who was a gang member and just threw them in prison. Right. And the countries are a lot better. Right. I've seen all that on A lot better. And You know, I, I don't know enough about it to say whether it's entirely a good thing or a bad thing, but you can see the temptation to kind of go, well why don't we just have one guy come in Right. And sold the shit out. Right. Yeah. You know? Right. But You know, the real problem is how did they get there in the first place?


Yeah. Or the real problem is like, what's, instead of like cutting off the cancer saying why are we getting cancer? Like what are we eating? What are we consuming? Yes. What's wrong with our society that's giving us these people that are gang members. Yes. Yeah. And I'm not a gang member. You're not a gang member. So, okay. A lot of people grow up and they don't become gang members. So how do we make more of that? How do we make more people that are productive, normal people that are integrated into society and less gang members And Yeah. Some people are gonna be gang members and there's no getting away from that. Right. And those people, we have the police for that if we haven't defunded them. Yes. Right. Right. So you have to have a combination of, on the one hand you teach people how to live a good life, what you're talking about.


On the other hand, if you don't wanna follow the rules, we're gonna crack down and you're pretty fucking hard. Yes. Those two things together is how you get a good society. Right. And when you make excuses for why people are doing it, you call it systemic racism and all these different things and you treat them with leniency, then you're encouraging people to do crimes 'cause there's no repercussions. So you're again, not getting to the root of what's causing them to be like that in the first place, but you're minimizing what they're doing Because you address the fact that there's a root. So like, again, you're dealing with the cancer, you're like, let the cancer grow. Like cancer is part of life. Instead of saying, why am I getting cancer? Yeah. And also with dangerous thing with Kel, I I, I went on a date with a girl who's another El Salvadorian journalist and I said, look, I don't know anything about b Kelly.


Tell me about him. And she went to me that he gets his people to turn up if he doesn't like, so a newspaper, a a, a story in the news and his, his guys have a, have a word and to get depressed. Well this is the fear of the big strong man. Right. And this is the fear that a lot of people have of Trump. They're scared that he would do that. Like, so the thing that they keep bringing up, which is ironic, is him turning the justice system on his enemies. Which is like How You guys are so cra this is like the nut, this is like hookers getting mad at strippers. What are you saying?


Yeah. Hasn't even done it yet. She gets a tits off. This is so nuts. You guys are, it's the, the, the way they're talking about it, it's almost like they don't know what they're doing or they're not aware of what they're doing. Well they know what they're doing. I don't give a fuck. Yeah. Yeah. One of those. Either one's not good. Yeah. But You know, I, from my conversation with Trump, I don't think he's the monster that everybody thinks he is. And I think, I think for sure there's been a gross distortion of a lot of the things that he said that's led to this. You know, the fine people hoax the Russian gate hoax. There's so many different, the suckers and losers hoax. There's all these different things that people attribute to him to try to make him way worse than he really is.


Instead of just like addressing the things you don't like about him that are real. Mm. You know? And so it's this distortion and we know there's a distortion and that's why when he sits here and he talks for three hours, people are so interested. It's not just 'cause what he says is interesting. It's 'cause we know you've been bullshitting. We know that you've used the legal system to try to arrest this guy. You've, you've done some Banana Republic shit where you're trying to weaponize the legal system to go after your political opponents. We know that. So when you get a chance to see that guy talk, you're like, oh. So this is who he is. And again, he's being charming. He knows millions of people are listening.


He's talking to me. I've met him before. We have a mutual good friend and Dana White, he knows I'm not gonna be an asshole. So he's comfortable. But you get a chance to see, well he is that guy. Part of him is that guy. Like it's not an act. That's who he is. He is that guy. He's not a terrible person. It's just, you may or may not agree with his approach. You may or may not agree with how he runs his business and how he wants to do things. But if you keep using the word fascist against him Yeah. You ratchet up the, the pressure, you ratchet up the tension. So people are looking at him going, well this a fascist. He, he, he's Hitler. Therefore we need to do everything in our power to stop Hitler coming to power.


Because she, if if they did that in the 1930s, we wouldn't have World War ii. 6 million Jews wouldn't be exterminated. Whoopi Goldberg was just saying he's gonna separate interracial couples. What? Oh, Come on. See if you can find that. See, you can find that. Really? Yeah. I couldn't even watch it. I saw the clip and I was like, I can't even watch this. I'll lose my marbles. It's so crazy. Yeah. But it's like, put you in camps. I've heard that too. They're gonna put people in camps. They're gonna put gay people in camps too. What? He was president for four years. None of these things happened. He was already president. This is part of the problem with saying this. If he wasn't president before and he was saying outrageous things like what if this guy gets in power? But he was president and he was president for four years.


And it's interesting from people who keep talking about hate how much of that they're projecting onto him. Well let's have a look at this's gonna send all crazy. We get some volume. I know It's muted On the player different ways than to come after people because of their heritage, which they're born into. It is not a choice. You are who you are. Right. And here you gonna make all kind of fun. People said no more. We're tired of that. That's why people are saying right there, you heard the women say, listen, what we heard at that rally should be enough to shake folks a wink. 'cause he's talking about you.


All of you. All of you. He's talking about you. It's us. He's not gonna be, he's not going to, You know, say, oh you are where the white guy, I'm gonna keep you from being deported. No, he is gonna deport you and put the white guy with someone else. The man is out there. What? Yeah. That's a large jump from what he's ever said. That's, that's a crazy thing to say. That's why I thought you were very wise to bring the view up as the first thing you talked to him about. Right. Because you're just going, this is how it used to be. And I remember at the exact moment, nine years Ago, I remember, What's that logo? Our friend Donald Trump, they all come and hug him and kiss him.


Everybody loves you. They were talking about how they love him. Yeah Man. And the audience was cheering. He was getting cheered on the view. It is so wild to watch. We didn't play it for him. 'cause we didn't want give anybody any excuse to give us a copyright strike. 'cause I wanted to play it. I wanted to start the show off with him listening to him being on the view and go, what is this like? Because like, there's no one ever that's had the machine turn on them. Whether you agree with him or not Agree, you must admit like the Steele dossier, all the crazy stuff they've put out on him, they've turned this machine on him in this way you've never seen before. And this is how they used to look at him just nine years ago. You know, it Was longer than that.


It was 2011. Oh Was it when he was running for president? Yeah. He wasn't running for president then. I Oh, he was talking about running for president. He might have Mentioned it then, but I don't think, well He went on the view multiple times. How many times did he go on? He's been on By I was trying to, when was the last time you went on That could have been his last appearance I think. I dunno. Well that makes sense, right? Because Barbara Walters, when did she stop being on it? Yeah, she was on That appearance and she looked pretty young back then. So 2011. So, okay. 13 years ago. Still nuts. Still nuts. It's not that long ago. Not that long Ago. And for that complete about turn to go from the greatest guy, everyone wants to be the president to the devil in Conner in 13 years for the same people for the, from the same people. Joy Behar hugging him, Whoopi Goldberg hugging him, all of them hugging him.


That's, That's quite a transformation. Well It's like they got their marching orders. Yeah, He did. He was in the 2012 Race bows out of the 2012 US preside. So it wasn when he was thinking about doing it in 2012. Oh remember, remember at the White House press correspondence dinner when Obama roasted him and said, but I'm one thing that you'll never be president of the United States. And everybody went and he was like, alright, motherfucker. It like, He's not the wrong dude. Some, there's, there's fucking dudes out there that are like the boogeyman. They just will keep coming, You know? Well That's part of his appeal, man is like when he got shot and he, he's badass. You made this fight, Fight, Fight, fight, fight, fight, fight. And You know, at, at this rally, there was this point when he was just, he, it really struck harm for me why people like him.


It was like he was talking about China and somebody had said, put our report that if America had a war with China, America would lose. And he was like, first of all, why would you put out that report? And secondly, we would kick their ass. And you kind of go, if you are an American and you want your country to be great, you want it to be successful left or right, whatever your position is. Do you want to be on the side of the people who think America's future is behind it? Right. Or do you want to be on the side of the people who think, yeah, we're gonna kick ass, we're gonna succeed, we're gonna make money, we're gonna be successful. And There's also like looking at some of his foreign policy decisions and whether or not he was correct.


One of them was the embargoes on Iran. Mm Mm That that seemed to have freed up a whole lot of money when the Biden administration let the, those funds free. And then October 7th happens shortly thereafter. And when You know that they fund these various terrorist organizations, this is something Iran's done. This is not a big stretch to think that one of the reasons why these things are happening was because people went a different way than Donald Trump did when he was in office. Yeah. And a lot of people feel like that, but like logical, reasonable left wing people even.


Yeah. It's 'cause it's true. Yeah. Yeah. It's true. If you give the Iranians a shit ton of money, and also if they don't fear repercussions. Right. You put those two things together. Is it surprise? No. Do do you think part of the problem is we think everyone just thinks like us. So we're like, You know what if we give more money to, to the Aya to Sure. You know what he's gonna do. Yeah. Alright. You know, he, he's a bit nuts, but he's gonna put money into social programs. The average Iranian, did you ever see that he's going to be you happier, healthier, wealthier? Did You ever see that interview where this woman was asking the Taliban whether or not they're gonna let women run for office Now They just burst out laughing, laughing, Laughing in her face.


Like, what are you talking about? You don't understand this place at all. Yeah. It's called mirror image bias. Actually, a lot of foreign intel guys, they get trained for years to not think that everyone is like them because they're absolutely not the, the, the people in charge of Iran, they want to wage jihad against America. Right. And Israel. Right. What do Jihads do when they have money and opportunity? Yeah. They go to Jihad. Yeah. They start going, yeah. It's Not complicated. It's not complicated. Right. And and Trump was aware of that. Yeah. You know, it's, some of the decisions that he made were better decisions. That's, that's objectively true. And now Israel is having to deal with these terrorist groups that are armed and funded to the teeth.


Yeah. And then we're in this place where we're arguing about jokes. Weird. Right? Yeah. Fucking weird. It's fucking weird. Fucking Weird. 'cause it's easier to argue about jokes than it is to talk about the Middle East and be actually honest about it. Yeah. And go, what, what Israel is facing is an existential fight for survival. And Israel is, is is causing, You know, there, there are war crimes happening, whatever. But you're going, you can't just let terrorist groups attack a country. Right. You can't let Hezbollah from October the eighth, fire rockets into Northern Israel perpetually that can't be allowed to continue. Right.


It's either gonna escalate or you're gonna need to deescalate. Because the one thing with Jihadists is, You know, they're committed. You know, they, they believe they're pretty passionate. Yeah. They're, they're committed and they are going to, they believe in a global Islamic caliphate and they want to wipe Israel off the map. And then they wanna wipe all sovereign nations off the map. So they get a global Islamic caliphate. Which is why so many moderate Islamic countries cracked down on these people really hard. 'cause they understand the threat from these people. And then there's the reality that what Israel's doing is also horrific. Right. You, you see the murdered children and women and you, you see the videos of people getting blown up with indiscriminate bombing of apartment buildings because someone underneath it is Hamas.


That, that, that's fucking terrifying too. So there's no wind. 'cause no one can justify that. You watch that and you see, You know, how many innocent people died. This is fucking insane. And then there's the argument that, well, but Hamas is using them as human shields. Like, is there, there's no other way to do this than to just bomb where, You know, civilians are gonna be because bad guys are there. Also, this is, this is the crazy thing about war because in the past I think this was a strategy that would've been employed by almost any powerful nation trying to wipe out an enemy. But we don't like, look what would he, what did we, we do in Hiroshima? In Nagasaki, we just indiscriminately killed everybody just dropped a nuclear bomb on an entire city.


And But the question is, what should Israel do instead? That's A good question. That's a real good Question. Right. And this is, this is the problem because I take your point, but the, the issue is that Hamas have openly stated on numerous occasions that they want to maximize civilian casualties. They're doing it deliberately. Yeah. So the question is, and we've had pro-Palestine guests on the show, we've had pro-Israel guests on the show, and we've asked them, basically trying to get to the bottom of this. Like, how do you do the, I get that what's happening is terrible. It is terrible. No one would dispute that. No one who has a conscience or a heart would look at what's happening in Gaza and think that's fucking great. Right. Nobody. But at the same time, the question ultimately is after October 7th, what is Israel supposed to do?


What are you supposed to do when your country's been attacked from several sites by different terrorist groups, all funded by Iran and sponsored in other ways and they give them weapons. What are you supposed to do? Now? You, you say, well, they're supposed to, isn't there another way I'm asking that question. I haven't heard a persuasive answer of what they're supposed to do. Instead, The problem is when you have very religious, ideologically convinced people that their, their thing is also about if you die, you go to heaven. Yes. And you're, you're, you're a martyr. And that's a, that's a worthy goal. There's not, there's not another religion that espouses that. It's another religion that enforces that idea in people.


Right. That scares the shit out of people. And that they're okay with people dying. I, I would love for somebody to have an answer to this, but I just tell you like, I, as You know, I have relatives in Ukraine. What did they do when the war started? They turned every fucking basement into a bunker to protect civilians. That is not what Hamas are doing. Right. They have these tunnels. They don't let civilians in there. Right. That's where the terrorists hang out. Right. So what do you do? What is Israel supposed to do? Didn't Eric Prince have some sort of an idea to flood the Tunnels? Flush out the tunnels? Yeah. It's not a bad idea. Why didn't They implement that? I have no idea. I have no idea. Because that would've kind of killed everybody, wouldn't it? If he really could do that. Yeah. Probably kill hostages too.


Yeah. Oh yeah. But they're probably already dead. Or if not, they wanna be dead. Yeah, yeah. Mostly. Can you imagine an October 7th hostage is still alive for Year man. And this is why I'm asking the question. 'cause I just think, what would the UK do? Right. What would America do if you had a rampaging terrorist to tank across the border and missiles from the north? It's a very good question. I think it's also from the perspective of people that live in Israel versus the perspective of people that live in America. We haven't been invaded. Yeah. You know, and the people in Israel who have mandatory military service and they're constantly on threat. I got a buddy of mine who's my kickboxing coachy, and he's from Israel, and he was always like playing the bongo drums. I went to his house for dinner, everybody's dancing and singing.


I was like, why are you guys so happy? Like, everybody's so like, joyful. He goes, man, he goes, when you live in Israel any day could be your last. So it's like just party. Have a good time. And they had this idea. And I think if you are an American and you, you don't feel that threat, it just feels abstract. You're not gonna understand the mentality of someone who lives in a place that's surrounded by people who hate them. Yeah. Yeah. And we know we had Nick Fres. Do You know Nick? Nick Fres? No. He's a Green Beret. Former Green Beret. He has a, a YouTube channel I think as well. And we asked him about this, You know, you were, you, you, you went, he served in Iraq, I think two tours. And he talked about this. We've got this interview coming out and it's like there is no, there is no way to deal with terrorists who are hiding behind civilians.


Right. Other than by going in and dealing with it. There's no other way. I wish there was. I I I I'm genuinely asking the question, what is the other way? Right. And if it is, Israel should use it. Right. But if there isn't, what are they supposed to do? It's, It's also a crazy subject in America. Right. Because there's people on the left that do not wanna support Israel. And they think that Palestine is, You know, they, that Palestine should be free and they, they'll say from the river to the sea and they chance it out and they don't exactly even know what they're saying. Mm. Right. Which means like an annihilation of Israel from the river to sea. That's literally what that means. But then they, they're now this sort of, there's like this anti-Semitic thing that's on the left, which didn't exist before.


It's just like the anti-Israel anti-Semitic thing that you never heard before from the left. Yeah. Like the left was always like super pro Israel. But it makes sense, doesn't it? Because if you've had a decade of wokeness, the point of wokeness is the people who are successful, the people who have the upper hand, they're the bad guys. Right. Always colonizers. Right. So Israel is the bad guy by default. Right. And by the way, that doesn't mean that, You know, the occu the the situation in Gaza hasn't, has been perfect. Nobody would argue that. Right. But just because a country is succeeding in its military campaign doesn't mean they're the bad guys. Right. The problem with Jews though is they're too successful.


Mm. The Jews are too successful. God dammit. Right. That's the problem with Jews. They're too successful. The, this tiny minority of people who've been oppressed throughout history and yet they're still succeeding. They're making money, they're successful. The country they've built is more powerful than knowledge powerful in all its neighbors. It's not a good look if you're woke, How are these fuckers? That's the argument. So what's the antisemitism on the left that you are talking about? It's the logical conclusion of wokeness, which is why I could never understand why Jews went along with wokeness. Massively, massively. Like Jews vote like 60, 70, 70 5% for the Democrat party in this country.


It wasn before OC October 7th. I think that's, You know, talking to a lot of people. We just had Bill Ackman on the show. That's changed people's minds quite a bit. I don't, I'm not saying he was woke before that, but You know what I mean. Yeah. And it's also as well, you talk about the left, but the left in the UK has always had a problem with antisemitism Joe. Really? Yes. There's always been a faction of the left that has looked at Jews and seen financiers, business people, rich people. They control the, You know, the means of production. They're the ones keeping the ordinary man on the street down. We need to get rid of these financiers, the oligarchs, the bankers, and then we'll be able to liberate people. Mm. And there's, that's, there's always been that faction on the UK left that that's what we need to do.


And when Jeremy Corbin was in power, or wasn't in power, was leader of the Labor party, well I thought I missed a meeting. It wasn Jewish mps, labor mps who literally walked out of the party because they were saying that he was not tackling in dealing with anti-Semitism and that this was allowed to run rampant within the labor party. Interesting. You know, Thomas Saul was once asked, what do Jews need to do to stop antisemitism? And he paused for a second and went fail. That guy is so wise. Yeah. Oh man. He's incredible. Yeah. A fascinating person. And what kind of intellectual courage to step out on those limbs that he does and say these logical things that are against the, it's, You know, heretic.


Yeah. I'm such admire, such a great admirer of his, he's so such an interesting writer. He's got so many counterintuitive ideas. He's super informative. He's great in interviews too. What if he still does 'em? He's very, he I think he's very old now. Yeah. So he does, I think he, we tried to get him when we nearly had a phone interview with him, but it didn't quite happen. But I'd still love to make that happen. Yeah. Yeah. But he, he's getting old. Unfortunately. I've Seen him of the g Noam Chomsky interviews now. And you're like, yo, stop doing those. I mean, when he came out, I mean, he was hard line on the vaccine. Yeah. Like, have you had any research at all? Yeah, he was. Yeah. Hard. But I think that's an old person thing. Yeah. I think old p people get really scared of diseases.


Yeah. Yeah. And they've got every right to be scared of diseases. 'cause they're far more vulnerable to them. Exactly. So they, they're thinking of something that can kill you or the young people thinking, oh, it's gonna be inconvenient. Yeah. Yeah. And also, You know, much better than either of us. Every great champion has to retire at some point, right? Yes. Yeah. You have to, your, your shit doesn't work right anymore, including your brain. It's gonna come a point in time where you're, you're not thinking well, you're not very logical and you're not objective. But the thing that made you a champion is the thing that's gonna make you not wanna retire. Yep. That's what fighters for sure. That's what the, that's why they fight way past their prime. And it gets really sad. Yeah. You never wanna let it go. Yeah. 'cause why would you, why would you want let it go? Right. Especially if that's what you do.


Imagine if what you do relies on a very brief window of like power. Yeah. Like that you have physically where your hormones are firing. You know, you don't have that much time. Yeah. And then when it slips away, you still feel like you're you, but you just, you can't move. I remember when watching Tyson Fury, I can't remember who he fought. He fought in London and Con and I were talking about it 'cause we were going, oh, is he gonna retire? He said he's gonna retire. And then he entered the stadium on a gold throne carried by people. I'm like, bro, that he ain't gonna fucking retire Anytime soon, man. He's fighting Usic again. Yeah. Oh man. That's a tough fight. Yeah. Yeah. That Usic guy is talented.


He's so talented. He's so small for a heavyweight too. Mm. He just, he's nonstop movement and his footwork and everything. It's so different than anybody else. Joshua didn't know what to do with him. He's like, where is this guy gonna be when I'm throwing punches? He was moving all over the place. Yeah. It's So different. It's so different. I, I remember when I was watching the Joshua Usik fight, it made me realize the importance of technique. Because Joshua is a real physical specimen and Has great technique too. Yeah. But he doesn't have that elite level of technique that Usic had. Right. And you could see the combinations, the way he was throwing punches. He just didn't have an answer to it because he's never been exposed to that level of technique.


Well, You know what it is, he's a heavyweight and the heavyweights were never really that good in terms of that kind of technique. It's like you need it at like middleweight and light heavyweight because everyone's super talented and technical. When you get up to the heavyweight division, guys tend, it tends to be like a lower bar, You know? And so when you have an elite athlete, like Joshua is like fast knockout power. He can excel without having the kind of technique that a guy like Loma Chenko and Usik were chained by the same guy. They were both trained by Loma Chen's father. So they both have extreme technique. And then you have Bval and bitter beef that just fought. Same thing. Both like super Soviet style boxing and You know, you go, whoa, like this is technique, like really, really high level technique.


But it's rare that someone with that kind of technique gets into the heavyweight division. And that's why Fury is just a magnificent fighter. Yes. Because rural fury is from a gypsy background. And those boys are taught to fight at the age of three, four years old. And it, in their culture, they all fight. They all trained as boxers and telling you as someone who has broken up fights with gypsy kids, when I used to teach 'em, they're taught never to back down. You never back down. You always go for it until the very end. I, I remember when I was watching the Fury Wilder. Yeah. Wilder fight. And I remember someone saying to me like, he's knocked down, he ain't getting up. I'm like, mate, trust me, he's gonna get Up. Yeah.


He's gonna get up crazy. Yeah. And then, but that's why Fury's a force of nature. It's that technique he has. Yep. Which has been instilled in him from basically the moment he could walk Technique and huge. And if you watch the Usik fight, he was touching Usik up in the beginning of the fight. Yeah. I mean that reach and that jab, the accuracy that he has, he was doing really well in that fight until he started to slow down a little bit and Usik wound up just catching him. Yeah, Bro. It's an exciting moment in UFC as well. The one that would just happen. Chiia, fuck me bro. He's terrifying. He's, he does that to everybody. Everybody he gets ahold of, he just ragdolls even like really elite wrestlers. It's very extraordinary. His talent is undeniable.


And Robert Whitaker like seeing him breaking Robert Whitaker's jaw just by squeezing across his face. Apparently Robert Whitaker had a broken jaw when he was a child and he had it worked done. But it was, it's always been vulnerable. Oh. Like his front teeth had been pushed in before in the DKAs duplicity fight. He had a problem with it as well, apparently. But this was different because this was like, shamiah got the blade of his forearm across the jaw And it was like just crushing those teeth And it goes into his mouth. You saw the photo? Yeah. Yes. What it Looks like. Yeah. Man. Do you think if that doesn't happen, Whitaker stands up? Who knows? I mean, Chimay was smothering him. Whitaker looked exhausted, Like It was very early in the fight too.


Yeah. First round. I mean it's just the amount of technique that Hamza has and the intensity of his attack is un unlike anybody else. He's so talented. He's so good at grappling and his standup is fucking dangerous too. And I think he's way better at 180 5. I really do. I think at one seven he was killing himself to make that weight. Mm. And now they see him at 180 5. I think he, he has more energy. He's just, and he's more than big enough for those guy. He's huge. He's a big guy. He's good man. He's really fucking good. But ilio topoya, it wasn the most shocking. It says that Robert only landed two strikes. Wow. That's crazy. I don't even know what he hit him with. Yeah. Might have hit him with a leg kick.


I don't remember. I don't remember. I just remember Hamza shooting. Yeah. Two leg kicks. Yeah. There it is. Two leg kicks. So Hamza just shot in on him and just started beating the fuck out of him. I mean, it was so relentless and overwhelming. And when Robert got up once Hamza dove on him again and had him down again in a second. So it's demoralizing. Yeah. Yeah. Reminded me of Khabib as well, where like you get up, you get straight back down and then you just run out of energy. Right. Maybe Even more intense. 'cause maybe even more dominant, You know, like to do that to Whitaker. Like that a guy who's a world champion, like even the Connor fight, it took a while before he overwhelmed him. You know, it took a while before he was just beating Connor's ass.


Like the beginning of the fight is more competitive. Like this was just a overwhelming victory. He just, Hamza just charged in, dove in, got him down and mauled him. Mauled him until he broke his face. Do you think it's different with duplicity? If I, because he can wrestle. He's, He can wrestle. He is got very good juujitsu. He hits fucking hard and he's a big durable dude. Mm. But I don't know if he's gonna be able to wrestle with that guy. Like, I don't know man. The Hamza skill is so high level. It makes me wonder it's some guys, like you see it in Jiujitsu, there's some guys that look really good until they fight somebody who's really, really good and then they get manhandled.


You know, it's like everybody looks good until they face Gordon Ryan. Like Gordon Ryan can do that to anybody. Like is Hamza at that level? Well it kind of appears that he is. Mm. It appears that he's, in terms of like the grappling that he possesses seems magnitudes greater than anybody else in his division. But it also, it's that skill thing that we talk about. When you, you, you can have athleticism, you can have strength, but when you come up against someone who is skill is far superior to yours, eventually you are gonna burn out. 'cause Yeah, there's only a fine amount, a fine amount of strength and, and power that you have got. And eventually, if you are fighting somebody who can match you physically, but also has the skill on top of it, I mean, you're kind of done really.


Yeah. Unless you get lucky with a punch. Yeah. I guess Counterargument might be, and you'll correct me, Joe Gilbert Burns fight. He, he would, I mean it he, he won but he was close. It felt It was very close. I think it's at one 70. I don't think he's the same guy. One 70. I also think Gilbert is tough as fuck. And at that point in time. Gilbert had, he challenged Usman for the title and lost, but then came back and was one of the best 170 pounders in the world. It was a big step up in competition that I don't think hams out had faced before. And Gilbert is a world champion in Juujitsu. He's a very, very, very good grappler. So there's a difference there. When you get Gilbert to the ground, it's not that simple. Like you're, you're fighting off arm bars and triangles and guillotines and he is back up to his feet.


There was a lot of wild scrambles. It was just, You know, Gilbert's a little older now, but back then he was like really in his prime or close to it. And he's just that fucking good. That's why that fight was so close is just Gilbert, especially in that fight. He was that good. I mean, it was a war. He dropped Shamiah, he cracked him with the right hand, but Shamiah, even when he got dropped, he dove in and took him down like, he's fucking good man. He's good. What he did to Whitaker was just, nobody thought it wasn gonna happen. It wasn crazy. It wasn scary. Yeah, it wasn scary. And then What IA did to Max is even scarier too. Oh, oh wow. Because I, I thought I, I saw Max as being totally under in control of that entire fight. I was like, he's got the tactic tactically.


He's got him, he's gonna win this. And then he just, I Wouldn't have said that. I wouldn't have said that. I said, there's always danger with por, he's fucking so dangerous when he hits you. It's so, it's different than anybody. Especially with his hands. Yeah, he's, his fucking boxing is so high level. And there's shots that he was landing that would thud and you could see it in Max's face. He caught him with a bunch of good shots before that. Yeah. But Max was landing a lot of stuff too. But he was forced into these exchanges. And when you f fi you're forced into these exchanges. Ilya has superior technique. Mm. His, his punches come straight down the pipe. His hooks are perfect, his distance management is perfect. His super aggressive and the consequences of getting him hit by him are so grave that left hook he caught Max with, oh my God.


Oh My God. Goodness. Just spun his head around. So, and You, you rarely see, I mean in, in the UFC you, you see obviously people who are, You know, multi-discipline. But it's rare that you see someone who's so pure with the way they hit. I was watching him going, this guy looks like a boxer the way that he hits. But He's that way with everything. He's that way with his grappling. He's out with, with his submissions. He's just really, really fucking good. And he's the new guard, right? Yeah. Like every generation comes up with a new guy who's a, like a new high water mark of technique. Yeah. That's where IA is. So who's gonna challenge him now, do you think? Kinsky. Yeah, they're gonna have a rematch. I think Kinsky taking that fight three months after getting head kicked into a, You know, a, a KO that's kind of crazy to do.


Three or four months later he is fighting Ia Topoya the most dangerous punch he is ever faced. I think it wasn crazy and I think now he's had a long time to recover, but it's always gonna be in his head that that guy just knocked me the fuck out. Yeah. You know, and look, that's the kind of thing that drives a guy like Koski 'cause he's such a warrior. Like he doesn't shy away from the most difficult challenges. 'cause if he did, he could have taken some fights with some up and coming contenders. You could have said there's probably someone who wants to challenge him. There's some guy he thinks he could definitely beat. Lemme just get this fight under my belt. And then, You know, but he's, no, he wants to go right back in there and fight for the title again. And Am I right in thinking there it's power versus speed.


'cause V Kovski is so fast, so quick. I Is fast too, man. Yeah. There's no difference in the speed really. No, I don't think so. Oh wow. I don't think there's, there's a little bit of difference when you're loading up. You're not gonna hit as fast. You know, if you're just trying to like touch someone, you could touch the mu faster. But ILI is fast as fuck. He's not slow at all. There's no, he doesn't have any disadvantages. He doesn't have any weaknesses, man. That's the thing. That's why I say he's the new high watermark. There's people that are thinking maybe he's the best pound for pound fighter alive. Like there's a lot of discussion about that online. It's a little premature. Especially when John Jones is still out there and there's other elite guys that are still out there. But Islam ache is another one.


You know, it's, It is a real argument that he's the best pound for pound guy alive. But it's fucking close. Ilia is, he might be the best. And if you think about V Ul Kovski, a fire is never the same after they've been knocked out. Particularly a, a blow like That. Especially twice in a couple of months time. Yeah. In four, four months time. So there's already an injury there. There's already a propensity to get knocked to to get knocked out. Mm. There's a weakness and then you're going up against a fighter with that power, You know? Or you think all he's gonna need to do is just connect and he may be sparkle again. Who knows? I mean, I don't know what kind of strategy Kinski will employ. I don't know if they'll try to do something different. City kickboxing, the place that he trains at is very, very, very high level. And those guys always have excellent game plans.


So maybe there's something they saw that Kinski couldn't capitalize on because he was still dealing with the effects of the Koko loss to Mchv. Which, You know, you get Ed like that a bad one. It wasn a high kick shin to the head. Those stay with you for a long time. You might not be the same person. So he might have fought still under the effects of that Koko. So now he gets knocked out again by Ilya. Now he's had a long time to rest. And that's what you really need. If you've been knocked out like that, you need treatments. There's like concussion protocols. There's a bunch of different things that people can do to help their brain health. But like when Manny Pac got knocked out by Juan Manuel Marquez, Freddy Roach didn't let him fight for a year.


He said, no, you don not do anything for one year. Not nothing. I don't want you to doing anything you could train. That's it. Out hit the bag. You're not no fights for Here. So I know you've been Sorry, go Ahead. Go. I was just gonna say it's, It is a really interesting moment because UFC is very much in the ascendancy when compared to boxing. Yeah. But you've looked at all this Saudi money that is being pumped into boxing now. And You know, Because you previously, You know, the, the thing that we in boxing, as we all know, is promoters not, You know, teams not wanting to put their great fighter against their other great fighter because they want to protect their asset. Yep. I'm thinking now you look at kind of the Saudis, they're just gonna flood, they're flooding it with money. Oh yeah. So are we actually gonna see interesting fights again?


Because at the moment you are starting to see it happen more and more in the heavyweight division. Yeah. You're gonna see it. The, the Saudis are doing a, a great service in that regard. Like giving people fights. They want to see, because there's a lot of interesting fights that can be made if you can get Benavidez versus Canelo for instance. Like that is the fight that everybody wants to see at 1 68. That's a fascinating fight. Benavidez at 1 68 is a monster and Canelo is the king. So it's like that would be an amazing fight. If they could get them to do that, that would be awesome. They might fight at 1 75, who knows? But if they can do that, if the Saudis can come up with enough money and the other one is Terence Crawford. Terence Crawford versus Canal. That's fucking interesting. That's really interesting.


If they can pay them enough money to get them to do it, Because if they can pay enough money, then what you have is a real competitor to the UFC. Yeah. Because at the moment I, and I, I, I like watching UFC, but I'm, I'm a boxing guy. I love it. That's how I was raised. But content, we always have an argument about it, but it's undeniable that UFC is more entertaining because they're the fights that you want to see. But, But it's not just that. This is what I was gonna ask you Jay. It's not just about the headline fight. The difference between the UFC and boxing is if you are watching UFC, you're gonna see five great fights. Right? Minimum right on a card. Right. With boxing, no one watches the undercard. Well The Saudi's doing a much better job of that.


Riyad season's done a fantastic job of putting compelling undercard fights. Mm. And that is also 'cause they're throwing that money around, You know, like the vol better, better be a fight. It wasn the riyad season. Put that on it wasn a fight that a lot of people didn't know if it was ever gonna happen Because it's so both guys are undefeated. Both guys are like world champions. Like you can make a lot of money just beating up other guys. You don't have to lose your o you don't have to have these two guys go to war like this. And all of a sudden it's made boxing. Interesting. Yep. Because lots of people are talking about sports washing and obviously that's a different conversation. But finally now I'm seeing fights and I'm like, I wanna watch this fight. Yes. Yes it is. It's fun.


It's a fun time to be a sports fan. You know, it's, I mean probably like one of the greatest moments ever for combat sports. Like right now it feels Like It, yeah. It has to be with the UFC. 'cause the, the UFC has kind of redefined what combat sports are and it's the greatest time ever for the UFC. And then at the same time boxing is still thriving. Yeah. And it, and it's, it's becoming exciting because you're seeing great fights And it for people like us who grow up in like the, and saw the great fighters of the eighties and the nineties, all of a sudden we see this happening again and we are just like, ah, actually I remember why I fell in love with this sport. How About Anthony, Joshua and Dubois?


Dubois is coming into his own man. Yeah, that's what that is. He, he's only like 27, right? Yep. Yeah, he's, he's coming into his, that guy's fucking scary. He's dangerous. And You know, the interesting thing was is that I, in at least suppressing the uk, they didn't give him a hope. Everybody was talking about, You know, like when Joshua gets dubois out the way right, then we can move on to the next fight. And this is a fight that we want to see. It Seems like Joshua believed that going into that fight seems like he believed that he was just gonna dominate him. Yeah. And he just got ruthlessly exposed crazy. The power of Deis with, I remember I bought into it, I was like, okay, So I watch it, but You know, this is going to be a stepping stone match. It wasn't a stepping stone.


The Aggression too, man. He was so aggressive. He was just in the pocket constantly just forcing Joshua to go to war. It was wild. Yeah. And you really rapidly became apparent that Joshua couldn't match him. He just couldn't go to war with him. And at the end this was, this showed what the fight was like. Everybody was like, look Joe to Joshua, I think you're done. And nobody predicted that That in that crazy right after he knocks out Francis and Gano and was like, everyone's like, you're back. Yeah. You know, I mean he flattened Francis and Gano and every was like, oh, Joshua's back look a good, he looked Yeah. Ruthless fucking game man. You mentioned in Ghana, I'm so gutted. I just heard Dana White say that that fight with John Jones is never gonna happen. It's so, I'm so gutted about that man.


Yeah. I'm gonna stay outta that one. I love Francis. I love Dana. I don't get it. I don't know what happened between those two. They apparently have some sort of a personal thing with each other. Dana says he is not a good guy. Everything I've ever, every interaction I've ever had with him, he's a great guy. I really love talking to him. I've had him on the podcast a couple of times. His story about being a child working in a sand, mine is crazy. His story about making his way from Cameroon all the way to the coast and then getting sent back to the Sahara Desert like six times. So a crazy story, You know, being homeless in France and walking into a gym and then all of a sudden becoming the UFC heavyweight champion of the world.


It's nuts. It's a crazy, it's a literal story out of a movie. You know, I don't know what their beef is. Oh, I don't want get involved in any beef. I'm, I'm just saying that's a great fight. Fucking fight wish fight John Jones. Yeah. I wish he fought John Jones. Yeah. But I'm interested in John Jones versus steep a Yeah. I'm very, especially if steep a's healthy, I'm very interested in that. Can I, I in no way wish to dis be disrespectful, but it, I just a layman perspective, A lot of people I have heard saying steep A is too old now. We don't know. We have, he hasn't fought since he got knocked out by Francis. And Francis looked fucking unbelievable in that fight. He was patient and calculated and his power is just so extraordinary that if he could just catches you a couple of times, you're fucked.


I mean, Francis hit so hard and so him knocking out steep A was not as much as like steep A doesn't have it anymore. Was that Francis is that good, that big, that scary. A natural 265 pound knockout machine. Yeah, but John Jones man, come on. Yeah. John Jones is the, the highest fight IQ of all time next to Mighty Mouse. Like fuck man. He's, he finds a way to win, You know? And he's an unbelievable grappler. That's why that would be such a good fight. His super high fight IQ use of distance better than anybody. And then this ability to know how to win win and c can he win versus that guy? 'cause if you get clipped once, mm, just once what he did to Kane Velazquez just inside caught him with an upper cut.


You see Kane's just lights go out. Like Kane can take a shot. Man, that guy's, his power is different. It's just extraordinary. But you, you, I think you hit the nail on the head. He knows how to win and you see it with all great athletes. Yep. They, and teams the, even if they're not doing well, even they're not fighting well if they're not playing well, they have that extra gear that they can go into and then suddenly you go, how did, how did he do that? How did they do that? They were on the ropes. Makes people different and make, I mean, And it probably drives you crazy. You know, at least Michael Jordan was out of his fucking mind when he was at his best. It's, it's of course It's just what comes with it. But You know, John's has looked, You know, I wouldn't say beatable But there are a couple of guys that pushed him.


Two or three. Yes. It's mostly He was playing with his food. It's mostly John was bored, he was so dominant that he would not train, You know, and he fought Alexander Gustafson. They said he barely trained at all and still beat him in the stretch. And then the rematch wanted to prove a point. Yeah. So trained really hard and beat the shit outta Gustafson. You know, John, with John it's a lot of it is he's so much better than everybody else. Like when he's really threatened like with Cormier, then you see how good he really is. Like when he knocked out Cormier with that head kick and that's when you see how good he is when he's, when he's pushed. Yeah. When you see John Jones with a real challenge in front of him and hopefully that's the John Jones will see what steep. Yeah, Let's hope deep. I pushes him. Listen Gentlemen, it's always a pleasure.


We just did like forever Five o'clock here. S a long ass podcast. But always pleasure talking to you guys man. Always a lot of fun. Appreciate you Appreci. Appreciate you. Thank you Josh. Tell everybody how to see your show. Social media. We're on YouTube trigonometry. We both have a substack now as well. Check those out too man. Look At you. Fancy. Fancy Journalists. Alright, Thank you.