
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright, Well, we're rolling. What's happening? Nice to meet you. Oh, hey man. It's so, it's awesome to be here, man. Really? Hey, like, I gotta say hi to my, my son is just so thrilled. He is like, You know, he's 15 and he literally freaked out. Like, oh my God. It all, and all of his friends are gonna definitely be watching too. What's his name? Yeah, What's his name? Carl With a K. And I, I met a, I met a Carl in the lobby, but it's a C but That's a, not a human, a non-human, Carl. Yeah. Well, what's up human, Carl? Yeah. So first of all, are you the only guy that figured out that you don't have to wear suits when you're a senator?


Yeah. No, it's, it's, I'm sorry, what was that, sir? I said, are you the only guy that figured out that you don't have to wear suits as a senator? Oh, Okay. Yeah. No, I, well, I, I know it might, it seems strange, but it's like, I mean, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a bigger guy and, and I don't really can't afford custom anyway, and I hate, I'm claustrophobic and I hate them being in that kind of shit. And I've always dressed like, like shit, and, You know, and, and I know, and, and then that whole thing kind of got away of us. People assume that there was a, a dress code issue there. Yeah. And I'm like, no, I wasn't behind that, behind that.


But of course, everybody pointed at the, at the dude that dresses like a slob and, and, and then the whole, the whole nation just had like a meltdown. Like, oh my God, the senate's on fire because I dress like a slub. But, but my life is just much better in DC that less than I'm gonna be on the floor, that I'm not gonna be, you're never gonna see me in a suit. And I think that's a more authentic kind of way that I live. And I don't judge anybody on how they dress or those things. I, I just dress this way. And there's also practical issues as well too. Like, I have, I have chopstick legs and I have no ass, and I can't keep pants off. And, and, and hoodies.


And hoodies. It's like I don't have to iron that shit, You know? So it, it's just like easy. It's comfort and it's like, I, I just feel like that's, I mean, and if somebody judged me and people have said that, but it's like, I'd rather have somebody know. And I, I promise you, a lot of people and dudes, especially in Western Pennsylvania, love to wear suits all year. I mean, excuse me, shorts all year and dressed like that. But to me it's about comfort and practical. Well, I mean, it makes sense. The the whole dress code thing of wearing suits and you're, you're more serious Because you have certain clothing on it seems pretty silly.


I, sorry, what's that? Are you, so let's, let's tell everybody what's going on with your iPad. So, Because you had a stroke, you have Oh, yeah. Difficulty. Do you have difficulty hearing or Well, no, I can hear just, I can hear just perfectly right, right now. And, but there's just the, the one kind of a lingering issue. There's a lingering issue and, and sometimes I lose just a couple steps on time. And then now after that, that's the only thing. And thankfully the stroke never touched my intellect things, but the, but the stroke nearly killed me. And again, I don't, but I use captioning in situations just like this in interviews.


That's, so that's why I can, I can really make sure exactly what's being said, and then I can able just participate. If somebody wears the glasses, it doesn't mean that they're illiterate, it just means they just, that's a tool that allows them to part, participate or drive or those things. And it's that same thing. And a lot of people across America use captioning to watch movies and tv and that's really no different than that. So it doesn't affect your intellect, but it does affect your hearing. Is that what's going on? No, I, I can hear and I can listen to music. The difference with music, for example, is, is that as long as there's muscle memory, I, I can, I can remember all those kinds of music things, but it seems unlikely at this point that it's, they're not gonna be any kind of new, new favorites emerging like that, because, so You essentially, I can't only can listen to the same old music forever.


Yeah, no, it, it, it's, yeah, it's, yeah, it, I I mean all of the, all the classics like, You know, Metallica, Motorhead, Motorhead, the Cult, all those kinds of things. Like I haven't lost any of, You know, the def def lepp and those things. Well, and I, I saw the, the, the record of whiter, excuse me, white snake. Yeah. But all those things. Yeah, no, I mean, I mean, I, I think we're both in the fifties, right? And, You know, we grew up with Yeah. With the, with the crew and, and all those kinds of things. So some, some people might judge me based on my, my taste on music. But I mean, that's, that's kind of where it's saying, Listen, people are gonna judge you no matter what. You're a big giant guy who wears hoodies and you're a senator.


Like, so, like, no matter what, they're gonna judge you. Who cares? But I'm just trying to like understand like, what, what is going on with the captioning, Because you, you can hear, but so there's some sort of a disconnect between hearing and understanding, like, what is it? Yeah, I wouldn't say it's necessarily disconnect. It's just, it's, it's just about being precise. Okay. On that, just to make sure that, so if, You know, if like, for an interview just to make, make sure of those things. So it, it's really just about captioning. It just really, it's just a tool. No difference. I mean, for this, this is like my, my eyes in the sense for glasses that it just Participate. Right. I understand. So it just gives you a little bit more precision in what you're saying.


Yeah. And understanding what, what, what was it like running for senator right after recovering from a stroke? That had to be a nightmare. Yeah. I, I don't recommend that. I, I I, I don't recommend that Because you seem To have recovered quite a bit. Oh, since then. Oh, yeah. No. A a But during that time you were really struggling And Oh, sure. Ab absolutely. Like, it was, it was, it was a rough conversation. A after that they, they brought me into the hospital and then I, I went under, and then I, I woke up and they said, they, they said, Hey, we got it.


We got it. We got the clot, the, the clot. That, that essentially just what killed me. And I'm like, oh, that's good. And then just kind of went back under. And at that point, I had no idea where we were at on those things. And then I had, the next morning I woke up and then they, a doctor came on and he had kind of a, a grim kind of a look on his face and things. And my dad was there sitting next to me at the bed, and, and I was like, well, hey, doc, I mean, what's, what things, what do you think? What do you like? And he is like, well, You know, your, your, your heart is functioning at an incredibly low kinds of percentage.


And, and I'm like, well, well, well, what do you, what do you think? And, and he was like, well, You know, I mean, there's some issues. And I'm like, well, are we talking?


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake, and not even your mistake, to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks, you, US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals. With LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply,


You know, maybe a year, a year kind of thing. And, And it like, and I'm like, And this was all while you were running for Senate? Yeah, yeah. This was, this was after, this was after, this was after, this was three days before the primary. Oh my God. Yeah. I was on my, I was on my way to an event and, and my wife Giselle, she, she's like, you're, you're having a stroke. Because they had that classic kinds of, where, You know, half of my face. I didn't know that, but it kind of just, You know, just slumped. Yeah. And, and, and then they hotlined me over to the hospital. And I wouldn't, I wouldn't have survived if we were in a different, I mean, there's parts of Pennsylvania and that's a, that's part of the tragic that if I wasn't close to the, the kinds of hospital that I was, it's a hundred percent that I wouldn't have survived that.


Wow. And it got me there in enough time, and they were able to, there was an expert there, and, and I, I actually had, I, I met that doctor that, that literally saved my life. And I'm like, oh my God. And he usually wasn't based in that hospital. He was usually out of Delaware, but he happened to be there. Wow. And, and that, and he was here to, to give me an, an award for, You know, You know, being that kind of a, an advocate for those things. I'm like, no, the you, you deserve, you deserve the award on that. And, and that's Incredibly lucky. Yeah. And hmm. And then, and then I, I asked really looking for like a countdown of like, well, what's the prognosis?


And, and I really, there wasn't much there on that. And I had to like, was I going to sur survive for long or, You know, what's that gonna look? And then of course, the entire majority on the Senate really was on the middle of that. And that's a big responsibility after that. And then, so the, the primary, it happened, and then I actually had a, a really strong win. And I won all of 67 counties at Pennsylvania, 67 counties. And we carried every county, Phil, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, and all across Pennsylvania. But at that point, I had a responsibility. It's like, am I able to recover?


Or where a kind of, when I'm, am I gonna be okay? And I wouldn't recommend being in that, in that situation. But I, I made a, a commitment more than anything. I was more worried about being, being around to be a dad. I mean, I have three, I have three young kids. And my, my wife, You know, she lived through all of this. So at, at that, at that point, it, it started, I was in the hospital for about 10 days. Geez. And yeah. And I started to get better and better that the strength started to come back a little bit. But I, it was still rough. And it was very, very clear though that I had a capacity to, it's been impaired on, on hearing and those kinds of interaction and those things.


So, but, but, but that's the thing. But, but I had to decide by August 15th, and that's actually, that's my birthday, ironically, that if I, I step down by then or before then they're gonna have to find somebody to replace me on the primary. And it wasn gonna be my drop my dropout day on that. So what was the operation? How did they do it? How did they remove the clot? How Well it, it, it's, I, it's, I mean, I had to, originally, I had to go back to, I have to learn how to, how to talk and speak. You know, I went to a speech therapist and have interaction and those kinds of things, and my hearing and those kinds of things we're still impacted by that.


And they had to monitor my heart Because it was, it, it effectively stopped. I found out after the fact that it actually stopped and then that my heart had to recover. So there was two kinds of things working there, You know, my, my heart. And then right before the primary, they walked in and they said, well, here, here's what I suggest. Here's what I suggest. Now we are going to put a pacemaker, we're gonna put in a pacemaker. And, and we're like, Hey, that's, that's the best thing. So they, they put that device right here. And for anyone, if you're not really what that is, a pacemaker, but that, that, that manages your heart, You know? 'cause I had a significant issue with AFib.


And, and that's really what, what did that to my heart. And they put that in, and then it wasn, it wasn, it wasn right before the primary. And they put me under. And I, I, So what year was this? This was 22. 2022. And, and before you had this stroke, had you ever had any issues before with clotting or anything? Like, was this like a, not not With clotting. Not with clotting. You know, my, I have for good re for good things and for for bad things. My heart was just like my father's, You know, and he had an issue with AFib and he was in the hospital for, so it's a genetic, yeah, a genetic.


And, but I didn't, I, it was never an idea. It was never an idea that I was gonna, even having a stroke, that that wasn't part of the, at least my thinking. I, I knew that I was in distress, You know, I could tell that my heart was, was, was, was in problem, and I was just gonna get through this primary. I mean, there's a lot running on that. And then that's, that it didn't work out because the stroke hit three days before. And, and then that forced me, and that put me on an incredibly different kind of a, of a path after that. And so where do they go in when they're removing the clot? Did they have to cut your skull open? Like how did they get it out of there?


They went up, they went up in your vein, in your leg, and they went up. Whoa. And it's just, it's a remarkable technology that through your leg. Yeah. All the way up, up to your brain. And they just sucked it out. And they, wow. They actually had an XY an x-ray or whatever, and you could see that, hey, we got it out. And I actually got to see, although I really was still kind of out of it, but it wasn the clot that that alba took, it took my life. And So I, I mean, there, there were a lot things there. You know, suddenly you're, You know, mortality was kind of like put right there in front of it. Yeah. On and through that. Did they have any idea what caused the clot? Is there, do they understand like, what happened to you?


I'm always, my, my grandmother had an aneurysm, and it was a horrible situation. They didn't find her for several hours afterwards. My grandfather came home and she wasn't in the house. And then he found her in the backyard. She had collapsed, and they gave her 72 hours to live. And she lived for 12 years like that. And it was horrible. My grandfather had to take care of her. It was, it was really, really rough. So I'm always like really concerned with that kind of stuff. Like, I don't like what causes it. Do they know? Yeah. Well, it, it's, I I, I mean, I had for the first time in my life, and I hope it's the last time that I'm confronted by this idea that the, the doctors weren't able to provide any kinds of certainty, or it's like, oh yeah, man, you're gonna be okay, or things are gonna be okay.


That that wasn't, So they don't know what caused it. It just happened. Well, I mean, it, it was AFib and, and, and my heart weakened and the stress of the, of the primary and on the ongoing kinds of issues, it was already weakened about that issue earlier. And everything kind of came together. And my, I guess my heart deteriorated to the point where that, that caused the clot. Oh. And then that, the clot, that's what nearly took my, took my life. Whew. So then you'll have to go to work. So now you are an elected senator, and you have to go to work in the middle of recovery.


Yeah. It's, I I, I think I, I mean, it, it, it's, it's so diff it's, I had a significant responsibility to, to, to stay in that and, and winning through all of those things. And that's, it wasn it wasn difficult enough. It was an important conversation. And we had to run a campaign. We had to run a campaign when I was, it was difficult. And I wasn't working at the kind of capacity it wasn necessary. And that's, we had to run up to the, the 15th of August, decide if we're gonna stay in that, because there's a lot riding on that.


And you were also competing against Dr. Oz, which was weird. You know, this guy who's a celebrity doctor, who's a little shady. No, it, it, it, it necessarily was the, the Yeah. I, I think I, You know, we were talking about captioning early right now, and I, I think we're having an issue with some of the, the, the captioning right now here. Is it not showing up? Yeah. There, I think there's a, there's a little bit of a delay. Well, maybe it's the way I said shady. Yeah, he's a little shady. Like, he, he had been in trouble for talking about miracle diet remedies that weren't miracles at all.


And he, I believe he got brought in front of Congress. So it was a little odd that that guy was running for Senate at all. Was he from Pennsylvania? Yeah. Well, Dr. Dr. Oz. Yeah. I, I think, I think from a technology, I think we have to address the, the, the Caption. Oh, is it messing up right now? Yeah. I, I think the captioning, the, the captionings running a little bit behind on here. Okay. So can we make some technological stop And heer Sure. Fix it. Yeah. Okay. We'll have her come fix it. Yeah. Okay. We'll pause here, ladies and Gentlemen. We'll be right back. Yeah, I think we're, I think we are good. I think we're good. Go. We we'll take the head. Yeah, we put this on the wifi, so, and it's, it's working. Great. All right, we're back. So what, I was just saying that it was odd that you were running against Dr. Oz and he was just kind Of Yeah, Dr.


Oz. Yeah. I mean, Dr. Oz weird guy. Yeah. And, and he's, he used to be, You know, people used to, thought he was like, really brilliant. Yeah. I mean, he was like, he was like an amazing kind of surgeon, celebrity. And then he turned his career into, like, on tv, and then he started to pitch more kinds of bullshit questionable kinds of things and kind of bullshit kind of stuff. Yeah. And I, I don't understand why somebody would, would change his reputation. I mean, he was really revered in, in that. And I was, I wouldn't even be, I would've been comfortable to him operate on me, but, but he kind lost that. And what was also pretty funny is that he, clearly he lived in New Jersey, and so we were just like, Hey, we, we need to use that and point out that.


So, You know, we just, we decided early on that we are gonna just like, Hey, You know, it matters. It's like, I mean, there's nothing wrong with living on New Jersey, but it, there probably is a, an issue if you are running for, for the Senate. Yeah. So, and, and I really have like an, an ethos is that I'm, I'm not ever gonna be mean, and I'm not gonna be personal about that. So we try to have a lot of fun with the fact that he lives in New Jersey and we just really just kept hitting him, hitting him. And I, we had Snooky did like a cameo saying, gee me met, good luck. You know, I know it's, things are going rough now, but you're gonna be able to come back to New Jersey. And, and that got viral and we did a lot of those viral kinds of, of moments.


And, You know, they have this thing where they have what's really penetrated and, You know, they have circles on things like, what, what's really part of, like, people asking about Dr. Oz. And one of the zeros, the os was he's weird, but the biggest one, New Jersey, I mean, literally New Jersey, was it Wasn the biggest one? Yeah. Like, Well, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, even though they're neighbors, they do have a bit of a rivalry. Y Yeah, well, of course. And You know, people have to understand that. It's like, it's like that funny thing, and I mean, it it borders with, with Pennsylvania and, and that it really matters. It matters that, yeah. And of course, Dr. Oz was, he was strange in some sense. And we always try to have fun with making fun of him.


Are you a fan? Are you a fan of The Simpsons? Yeah. Yeah. But we, we matched up perfectly with Dr. Nick, You know, Dr. Nick, Dr. Oz. And we found all the, the weird shit that Dr. Nick would say, and then they have a clip of Dr. Oz saying those kinds of things. And, and that, and then that's, that, that's where it was. And we had a lot of fun with that. And things we, we all figured out, well, we have, we essentially, we chose to kind of empty the clip metaphorically and really start hitting him. You know, we went up on TV throughout the summer and he was really put on his back and he was essentially thinking he could gonna take, take the, the summer off. And then our polling, we got up about 10, 11 points and, and things, You know, if anyone's listening ever heard of the 5 38, You know, they, they track on those, those races.


And the highest percentage we had to win was I think about 84%. And things kept winning Great. Really, really great. And then I had to decide on my birthday on August 15th, and things were going so well, and I thought things, I'm like, okay. And then we decided to stay on that race. And that's, and that's, we did. And then, You know, post Labor Day when, and oh my gosh, we just got, we got nuked in, in a way that it's never been experienced that before. And then how So? What do you mean? Oh, a a hundred million dollars of paid media to destroy you.


I mean, just tear you apart every aspect of your life. A hundred million dollars they Spent a hundred million dollars to, For a job that pays how much? Yeah. Oh, just, oh, it came from, from pacs, from Dr. Us, Dr. US put in 20, I think $28 million. How crazy Is that? 'cause like, what is senate? What, what does it pay being a senator, You know, pay being a senator? Yeah, it, it's, it's $174,000. Yeah. Anything Like, can, can I talk about this? Yeah, please. I I don't understand why, You know, some incredibly wealthy dudes will spend tens and tens of millions of dollars just to, to, to take that. And I, I try to tell people there's no glamor here.


I just talked about that in a, in an interview. Do you Think he wanted to become president? And this was like a step to be president? I mean, I mean, I guess everybody wants the iron thrown. I, I get, but it's, it's the iron thrown. It's, it's really not. And, but it also, it's a different, it's a different kinds of skills And it, it really doesn't transfer over very well on that. But right now in, in Pennsylvania right now, David McCormick, a Connecticut man, Connecticut man, he's running in Pennsylvania and he lives in Connecticut and he's incredibly wealthy. I think he's worth three or $400 million, and he's spending the same race in Wisconsin. They're dropping crazy. And, and really, like, that's an important conversation that the real problem in American politics for me is, is Citizens United and unlimited money when, when they decided that money is speech, and now that turns the whole thing in a, an incredibly damaging, right now there's been at least more than half a billion dollars, half a billion dollars on the table in Pennsylvania just for president.


Not, and not, not just, not just the Senate races and other house states. And, and I was the most, at least at that point, was the most expensive Senate races in history. And they s it was over 300, $330 million for, for that one seat. And all of those dollars they're spent to destroy and tear you apart. And then Fox News, I was their top, top target for four months and social media, and I, I stayed outta that. I, I, I didn't enjoy, but social media, all the conservative influencers, everything. And it just tore me apart. And at that point, at the end of September, it, it was, I mean, I, I couldn't get away from it.


And it really, it's like until you've had a hundred million dollars to, to destroy you, it, it's, it's a, it's a next level kind of thing. And then everyone was, they were saying, well, he's a vegetable, You know, he's a retard or he's lost his, his brain and all kinds of things. And then that wasn't true. But, but the kinds of terrible things and those kinds of very personal things, And it just got incredibly ugly in a way. What, yeah. That has gotta be a terrible experience to, to realize that there's so much money being spent just to attack you and that you're, you're a part of this very, very large and corrupt machine that's going after you just because they want to control this state.


And it's a giant swing state. Of course. And it Was Yeah, the Senate, the whole Senate, yeah. The, the, the whole Senate was in fact, we, we actually, we flipped that seat, and that's the first time, I think in the forties or fifties that we've had two Democratic senators in Pennsylvania. Usually it's been a, a dem and a Republican. And now because we flipped that seat that's, it's mathematically it's possible to, to retain the majority in the Senate, but it's gonna be still fairly diff difficult because we have Montana, very, very red state, obviously. And, and that's really what the Republicans have put a significant bet to make sure that they can flip Montana. And then if Montana falls, then they're gonna keep the, the majority or, or they're gonna get the majority, unless there's like a really surprise one, but that it may be more kind of difficult.


Do you think that money is the, the biggest problem in American politics, this ability to spend sane amounts of money? Yeah, I mean, just imagine if you were a movie studio and you're putting out a, you're, you're gonna put out a movie and a rival studio has a hundred million dollars to tell America that movie sucks. You know, that's shit. And it's crazy. And it, it's, it's, it's just, there's always gonna be unlimited money because it's all about the control of the Senate or the house, or the, the presidency. And when, when money is, is speech, it's gonna be unlimited. And, and where, what, what happens? It's like, well, that's TV and on, on social, and it's gonna be, how can I destroy and break the, this, this individual?


And that's where it is. And it gets incredibly personal. And, And it has, it has an impact. I mean, that certainly it has for me. And until we have unlimited money, it's gonna get, You know, more and more mean personal and expensive. And if you look at the billion, You know, billions of dollars that spent, how what we could have done for our society, the kinds of reels that we could build and other things if we didn't spend all those money to tear each other apart. Yeah. It's, it's very strange. And it sets a terrible tone for the rest of the country Because it, these races, even though when they're over, people go back to a certain level of civility.


It's already been established that this is on the table, these personal attacks, this evil vicious propaganda taking things outta context, conflating people's words. Yeah, no, you, you, you have, You know, you take any a a quote, take it outta context. Yeah. Clip that shit, put $10 million behind that, and that's in front of, You know, millions of eyeballs right there spontaneously on that. And it just, it, it, it's directly right at you. And there's, it's, it's unlimited money. I mean, You know, when you look back on this race, it's like you are gonna be stunned just how much money is put in that, how crazy those ads are.


And just, you can't get away from it. Like Montana, Montana has, I think, six or 700,000 vote voters, and they've dropped a quarter of a billion dollars. I, I don't know how you could even spend a quarter of a billion dollars in Montana. It's like if you have a hundred thousand dollars in cash, you have to pay that in going to a McDonald's. I don't know how they do that, but I promise you, everybody in Pennsylvania or in any other, these kinds of contested states, they just can't get away from that shit. And at this point, they just stop paying attention to it. It's, it just, it's like, it's, it's noise. It's toxic kinds of noise. And It does, it sets a tone for the whole country that we're willing to engage in this way.


Oh yeah. No, it, it's like that's the thing, it it, it turns everything into a night vice, or, or, or worse. Yeah. And it, it is about trying to destroy that person and to, to convince other people that you are the worst thing in the world. You're, you're a Marxist, you're a communist, or you're all, it just all kinds of things. And it's, it's the lowest, lowest denominator. And if you really wanna fix American politics, I mean, there's, there are issues, but I promise you if you removed that, that would be a dramatic kinds of thing. And we all have to play that game. Some of us, like myself, I, I got a lot more of my money from small dollar donations.


Like, like Bernie, Bernie, I know he's been on the show, Bernie, but then other ones, it's like everyone chases the bigger, the bigger checks. It's undeniable there too. And it's so disingenuous. And there's pacs and there's other kinds of organizations one way or another. It's just, it's just the way to funnel tens of million dollars to just tear someone apart. What was your background before you got into politics? I was a social, I was a social worker. And I, I, I came to a very, a very deeply broken and fractioned fracture community. And I actually started helping young men and women get their GEDs and just kind of getting their lives back on track in that sense.


And then that's why I, I did that for several, several years and then I decided I wanted to run for mayor and mayor of a, of a small, of a, of a small town. And we had problems with inequality in a community. That, and 90% of the population abandoned the community and left. And if anyone's aware of the US Steel, I mean, I live right now across the street from that iconic steel mill. I mean, that's really, that, that used to be America's Silicon Valley, like half, about half of the world Steel. It used to be manufactured there, but now so much has changed. And then I ran for mayor and a small town mayor.


And, and then that turned into, well, I decided like the kinds of issues that were meaningful to me and the personal kinds of experiences, I, I just thought, hey, I wanna project my kinds of experiences and my values. And I started to, I ran for, I ran for the first time in 2016. I ran for the Senate. I mean, it's pretty kind of strange that you have a small town mayor running for the United States Senate. And, but I mean, we had no money. I mean, zero, zero money on that. But we just, we'd had a really like grassroots kind of a thing, and we got out across Pennsylvania and, You know, we came up a little short, but we, we pulled in 20% of the, of the votes, which it wasn pretty, pretty, people thought it wasn pretty remarkable.


And I carried my home county, which is Allegheny, that's the second largest. And that really kind of set the stage to run for lieutenant governor a couple years later, after 2016. But 2016 though, it wasn where America met Donald Trump. And, and I was, I was early, You know, turning the alarm off saying, Hey, we have to be concerned here. Like, You know, Trump has connected with people in ways that it's like we have to be concerned. And I'll never forget, it was June in 2016, and I was a, I was a, I was a surrogate for, for Clinton. And, and Trump announced, Hey, I'm showing up in a town called Monsen Monsen, which is a small steel town in the valley down from, from ours.


And I'm like, why? The, why is he showing up in, I mean, that's not like, so either he's crazy or they've, they've plugged into something and like, I have to see that. So I try to get into that just to kind of see what was going on. But You know, they, they recognized me and they said, yeah, get the fuck out. Well, you're hard to hide. Yeah, yeah. And, and so, but, But there, like, they figured out that they have to connect and to make that kind of an argument to go to these kind of a places, And it, it, it, it did, it resonated. And you started to see a lot of the signs and a lot of the energy, and it's like, Hey, You know, there's, there's a, there's a problem. And the, the Clinton campaign, everybody assumed that she was gonna, You know, run away with it.


Yeah. And, and they made, they made the, the mistake of just showing up in Philadelphia. Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh, and assumed that they were gonna be okay. But, but a lot had slipped. And now the margins, Trump created margins that were unheard. Like, You know, we referred to them as Romney margins. So in other words, you have red counties and Romney would, they would cover those by about 60 to 65%. And Trump did, he created eighties. Eighties, we were losing 80 20, 80 20. And it was like, well, yeah, that's a small county, but yeah, you multiply that by 57, 57 other counties, and that's how they scale up.


And that's how he won. And he won by 45,000 votes. And that's why he captured the blue wall. And that made him president. And here we are right now that the, the blue wall is, they're both fighting on the, the blue wall. And the blue wall is Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. Hmm. Well, when, when you were running during 2016, what were you trying to accomplish? Like what did, what did you want to do that you felt like you could Yeah. Uniquely provide a service for? Well, it wasn't, I just think it was just different. I'm like, Hey, I was running, I was running for about forgo forgotten places, people where America's turned their backs on them.


And talking about those, those kinds of important issues like living wage, abandoning the industrial parts of, of America, You know, some people watching what, what things have been left behind in places like Braddock. It's like, it's astonishing. 90% of people left and 90% of the buildings are gone. And that whole region has just been just thrown, thrown away. So I just wanted, and I didn't, You know, there was a path, I mean, there were two other people in the primary, and I thought I could maybe split, I could split the other two and just sneak by and get 33% plus one extra vote.


But I, I came up a little short because I had no money because it's always going to be about money. And then Katie McGinty, she won, but she lost. And, and then that it wasn that same cycle and then, and that the same year that, that Trump won. And so since you've been in, since you've gotten into the Senate, what meaningful change have you been able to accomplish there? Well, I, again, you're, you're a freshman and You know, my colleague and one, it wasn was just here, Senator Vance. I mean, we were both in the same cycle. We both ran in 22, so we both there for less than two years.


And you, it's really based on seniority and it's just kinda like, Hey, get on the end of that line. You know? So you are a freshman and it's, You know, your influence is, You know, at least in the institution are, are limited in some sense. But if you have a bigger platform, and I did, and I try to have those kinds of impacts and having those conversations, but my, my first couple, first half of that first year, it wasn a a little, took a different detour Because, You know, I, I was dealing with, with depression, I was at the depression and I realized that I was in a, in a bad place. So, so having that, having to make those kind of choices.


And I signed myself into Walter Reed to get help because the depression. And, and So I, I think it's an important conversation. And I knew, I, I thought at that time, it could be politically it could be difficult, but I thought it was important. And, and now if that cost me something politically, I'm okay. So that's why I'm continuing. So how have the impact I've had, I never fully expected that that voice would, would break through. And I'm, I'm in contact with people constantly saying, thank you for, for talking about this. I chose to get help or I, I chose not to, to follow that path on self-harm. And so I've had active conversations with member of congress or fathers with, with younger kids, and they're like, Hey, can you please talk?


And I do that. I'm happy to talk to anybody. And so that's a way I've had an impact through, through it, all of that. And also my voice through after what happened on ten seventh, You know, October seven. And I've decided I was gonna be a very consistent voice for, for Israel through that. So that's why, kind of like the platform, but in terms of, if anyone's being honest, whether it was Senator Vance or any kinds of freshmen senators, it's very limited because otherwise, there's people that have been there for 25, 30 years, they're the ones that are gonna be the chairman. And if you're a minority party, you have incredibly limited kinds of ability to, to, to move a, an agenda.


So the, the depression thing, I think it's very important that you talked about that. I think transparency is something that people really appreciate. So many people suffer from depression. It's such a normal part of being a human being. And for a guy like you who's a senator who's already gone through being attacked, already gone through all of these horrible things that they said about you while you recovering from a stroke, it takes a lot of courage to, to come out and discuss that. I think it's really important. I'm, I'm really glad you did it. Well, I don't, well, thank you. But I don't think it's really courage. It's like I only had a choice, but it Is courage Because you, You know, you're gonna be publicly attacked and it's a vulnerable point.


But I think it's not because I think so many people suffer from it. I think there's courage in coming out and, and talking about it openly and realizing that people are gonna use it as an attack vector and saying, You know what, this is important to talk about. This is important to acknowledge and to, to show people that you can recover from something like that. Well, originally I was just gonna talk about depression And it, there's a paradox. You know, you might be a place in your life that, that you've actually kinda won, but depression lies to you And it convinces you that you've lost. And my depression got far more worse after I won. And, and then it, it was a, it was a downward spiral.


And then if you don't, if you don't check your depression, then you go down a, a dangerous slope about self harm. And I started to have, I got to, to, to occupy that kind of a dark place. And, and that's when I realized that I have a choice. It's like, if I don't address this, then I, I had, I had an emergency break, You know, I, it's like I, I have to stop. I have to stop. I have to, and it wasn my kids. I'm like, I, I, I'm like, I cannot be, I can't be the example. And when you're gonna be, get older in life and you're gonna have those kinds of challenge, well, hey, dad decided to, to leave. Oh, that must be the right thing.


And I'm like, I will, I cannot allow myself to be the example for that. So I, I stayed in the game and, and I was able to get help and, and I got much better. So like, for me, it's like, I originally didn't wanna talk about self-harm. 'cause that's definitely, that's definitely not a great political winner, right? But I, I was like, I have to be answered. Excuse me. I have to be honor about that and, and honest and, and people that really resonated with people. Yeah. I was, I think the first person, I was the first politician, especially at, at that level talking about self harm. And You know, if people are, that are suffering people that, I mean, you have a huge, a huge audience.


I'm willing to bet plenty of them are suffering from that or looking through those kinds of issues. No Doubt, no doubt. Yeah. And, and I, You know, I promise people, whatever your path, whatever your path is for recovery, and I'm not an expert, but if you promise yourself to stay in that game, stay in that game that you already, You know, you're almost guaranteed to get better because I promise you it will get better. And I was at the point where I was really, You know, in a very dark place and I stayed in that game, and I am staying in front of, front of you right now and having this conversation. And so that's what I try to tell everybody, whether they're listening today or in other times when I've had that, it's, it's an honest conversation, but It is a red and blue conversation, and it's a rural and urban or suburban conversation.


It's men or women or even younger kids. I've had conversations with teenagers, You know, with their parents and they've even tried to take their lives. And I can't think of anything much more tragic than especially a young person taking their lives over some of the things that, that, and, and I never thought that that voice would, would penetrate, but it did. And that's why I'm willing to have that conversation. Well, it's apparently, it's very common for people that undergo major surgery to have depression afterwards. And there's a, the bunch of physiological reasons for that. They believe, my friend Dr. Mark Gordon, who's done a lot of work on traumatic brain injuries and depression amongst athletes and soldiers, he did a lot of research on that.


And one of, one of the things that they found was that people that undergo like a long period of anesthesia and either heart surgery or any kind of major surgery, there's a, a disruption of your endocrine system afterwards that leads people to be just weary and broken down. And I could imagine that along with the Senate race and all the other chaos and all the stresses involved with that, it plays a significant factor. Well, I I'm sure it must have been a, a, a factor. I, I discovered that I had, I had two friends, they're roughly my age, and they had young kids and they took, they took their lives and they were both in the, in the media and both.


One was worked for an incredibly elite organization and another one had a really strong position. One had a, a heart attack, and the other one had a stroke years earlier. And I found out, and I wish I could have talked to them, and I did talk to, to, to them, but it doesn't mean they were weak or that they gave up. It, it's just, I got lucky and I, I found my emergency break. And, and, and if you have any kinds of study on people and, and self harm, there was an individual, he jumped off the golden gate and he survived. And immediately after he says, as he crossed over the rail, and he, I wanna live, I wanna live, what have I done?


It's like, I've made a terrible mistake. And you hit, you hit the water going 75 miles an hour and it's, it's very against chance of surviving. But he did. And now he became obsessed with this idea and he, he looked out for everyone that survived and about 45 people out of 1800 people that have jumped over, they survived. And it was unanimously people immediately like, oh my God, I wanna live, I wanna live, I wanna live. And not one single person thought, well, I wish I was more successful. So like that's, I I try to put that forward and I can't imagine how difficult, because they had children the same age mine and trying to explain to a 10-year-old son, like, why did daddy leave?


And those are dark conversations. And so it, it's not about weakness. It, it's about trying to get away from that people that are suffering from depression it to ex, if anyone's been there, it's like your, your mind is on fire and you just want to get away from that. You know, just please, I need relief from that kind of a thing. And every now and then you have like, kind of like the eye of the hurricane where you finally thought maybe things could get better, but it, it, it roars back in and it's like you get to back to that very dark place. And, and I just, You know, I just tell everybody I'm beg I'm begging you stay in that game. I promise you it can get better.


And the the depression is lying to you. It is absolutely lying to you and is, but don't make the kind of choice that you can't come back from. I have a friend who jumped off the bridge, died that way. You know, it's, it's a terrible, just a, a terrible thing to find out. And you, you always feel like you could've talked to them, you could've helped. You always feel like I, You know, I didn't know. I didn't know he was suffering. And then I found out that he died a few days later And it was just Like, It just leaves you feeling so lost. It's such a terrible way to go too, that bridge. God, how many people, like, what'd you say?


How many people have jumped off that bridge? The golden gate? I, I think that they, they referenced about over 1800 people and a, a small, small, tiny survived. And, and really being faced that idea that you're not gonna come back, it's, it's like spontaneously curative. Like, oh my God, I wanna live, I wanna live, I wanna live. Like, it's, it's, it was unanimous about. And and that's such an important kinds of research, research that that, that he did. And it, it's like, and, and again, like that's my message. It has to be very simple. Stay in that game. It's like, you, you can't do this, you can't do this and You need support. Yeah, yeah.


You need support, whatever that is. And some people have different kinds of resources. I mean, I would want that for everybody, the resources that I had. And that's not fair. It, it's not fair. And it, it, I got lucky. It's not because I'm like, I'm so much stronger or, or better. It's like, no, no, I just got lucky on that. And I promise you, you are not going to regret staying in the game and you can get better. And that is probably, I think in my, in my opinion, that's about 75% of, of getting back better. What have you done to, to help? What has helped you?


My, my family? That that's, that's really what like every, every person needs to have like, that emerge. I call that like an emergency break. It's like, You know, you are out, you're out control, You know, you're having that, the darkest conversation you'll have with yourself, and you have to have some something to stop that. Otherwise it's, you're gonna go over the edge and, and everyone needs to have that, whatever that is. Whether it's your family, whether it's your wife or your husband, or whether it is or this, that there has to be some, it has to get better. It's gonna get better, You know, that's why I say stay on the game and I'm not an expert, I'm not trained in that.


But when people reach out to me and say, well, I feel like this and, and I'm like, Hey, it's like, You know, help works. I promise you it will get better and I can't guarantee what your path will be. But what I can say is, is that stay in that game and you are gonna find your way on that path and you're never going to regret. It's like, oh, You know, be, it's, it just, it, the the finality the finality of that. And you're some things you can make a bad choice and You know, well that might set you back in life. But, but that's the, that's the one ch the one choice you can't come back from. And you will leave people in your life that they'll never understand or you wish you could reach back and you could let them know And it stay away from that kind of blackness because you're, I promise you, you would regret.


And, and if you can't come back. So what, what has helped you counseling medication? Like what, what did, what are the things that got you back on track other than just your family? I, the election and everything, I was convinced that I've lost everything I had, You know, it was difficult to, to fully speak. And my, my kids, they got pulled into the social media kinds of invective and It's like, I've, I've destroyed my, my health. I've, I've, and now I've a, a a against, You know, odds.


I, I won and now am I gonna be able to do this job? And, and, You know, would I have been better off if, if I didn't survive? And I got to that, that kind of a, a dark place, but, and then I just had this, like, that spontaneous where it's like, my kids, it's like, no, I love you. Like, oh my gosh. It's like, like when they were visiting, I didn't want them to visit me at Walter Reed. Like, I was like, why would they want to be around this? You know? Right. But they, they did And it, it was like this kind of spontaneous kinds of love and, And it, it, it just was like a shot.


And it's just like, I can come back. I can come back. I, I thought it's like, well, why would they want this a mess back? And, and, and then, You know, just working through a lot of those things and, and other kinds of techniques and, and things. It was like, but it wasn probably the single most transformative event where it's like, I realized that I can come back to my life otherwise it's like I thought I've lost everything. Would I be able to even do my job? And it's like, do I even have a career? I mean, I'm talking about like, it wasn a significant national story when after I signed myself in and that pulled my kids in through that, I mean, this idea.


And after we announced that, we're signing in and there were news trucks outside their house, and, and they had, they had the trauma of thinking that dad could have lost after the stroke. And now he is, it's just, it's, they, it's put them through so much. And that's why I was convinced that they probably don't want me around. And then I made the, I made the stupid mistake of, I, I, I went on social media and things. I'm like, and just, I read some of that shit. I mean, it's just, it's to, it just to, oh my God, millions and millions of views and videos. And it's just like, You know, going after my family And it saying that, You know, You know, hey, he's a vegetable, he's, You know, he's a retard and You know, sling, sling blade and all kinds of things.


And it wasn't, it, it wasn't the individual kinds of insults, it was the volume and just how widespread it, it, it was. And I'm like, who jumps online to go after a, a, a stranger That's never really done anything to you personally. Well, I think It's not just individuals. I think it's targeted. I think there's a, a lot of that stuff, especially when there's something that is significant as a senate seat. And I think there's, Yeah, well, I mean, it, it's like if I have a hundred, if I have a hundred million dollars to convince you that you're a terrible person and you're the worst thing ever, and that, that, that inspires a lot of people and they, hey, that's the mission. It's like he clearly he must be those things.


And You know, we're now there, there is no, there's no tapout. There is no tapout. It's like, even after we won, after I won, in some sense it actually accelerated. Right? It's not the, the war's not over, it's just begun. No, oh, no, no. And the, the second, the second you step into that kind of arena on, on the federal level for, for like a, a senate seat. If, if it's like a purple state like Pennsylvania, You know, I promise you there will be tens and tens of millions of dollars and their mission is to turn you into the worst thing in the world. And whoever survives, that's the one that's gonna be in that seat. And I still will never understand why someone, You know, independently wealthy kinds of people will spend, You know, incredible amounts of money.


And, and I try people, I'm like, there's no glamor here. Wow. Like, I, like, I'm in, in a 500 square foot apartment, and I'm like here with my phone. I'm like, Hey, GrubHub, what's it tonight? Hmm. And then it's like, I'm like, I watch, You know, TV on Netflix and things, and I, I ask, I ask my colleagues, I'm like, Hey, is there kind of secret society, like, You know, like, You know, crazy parties or, You know, sitting around with cigars and You know, You know, all this. And they're like, well, well, no, I, I kind of have the same version o of that, That's the perception though, right? The perceptions you Get Yeah. The perce Yeah. The perception is we invited Into a club. Yeah. The, the Now you control the world. Yeah. That we all have witty kinds of dialogue on West Wing, You know, like talking like all, You know, kinds of turn, You know, and really it's, it's just like, and and I describe that as a lot of, it's just bad.


It's just bad performance art, You know? Yeah. Thanks. That's usually what it, it is. It's just bad performance art. And some people, like if you're, if you're in a safe, in a safe state or a safe seat, you, and especially if you have the resources, and they're incredibly wealthy people, they buy a, a house and they move their life there. So you're able to kind of things. But look, I don't have those resources and I'm in a very, very per the ultimate purple. And So I spend more than 50% of my time away and I miss my kids. It's, it's, it's rough for, for that. I mean, I signed up for that, but I, I promise you, there's no glamor in that.


Well, there's Certainly no glamor if you're honest, but I think there's a lot of people that look to certain members of the government that have jobs that pay 150, $170,000 a year, but somehow or another acquire hundreds of millions of dollars over the course of their career, usually through some kind of insider trading. Well, yeah, of course. I mean, I, I don't own any of those stocks or anything indefinitely. Like if, if you have any kinds of impact or You know that there's something civil coming. Yeah. I mean, yeah, there's like, it's like you, you need to, how Is that legal? It's, well, no, we, we should have the kind of legislation to make sure that you're not, like, if you are on Congress, you shouldn't have any kinds of stocks Because you are going to be passing kinds of laws, et cetera, et cetera, that you, You know, you have to separate that there, there really shouldn't be a part of that kinds of a thing.


And I, I mean, my, I'm all out. I'm open, all of us. We have to have our, our, our wealth and our, You know, all that there. And I, and if I'm not the, the, the, the poorest I have, I'm probably the, the bottom five. And, You know, other people there are worth hundreds of millions of dollars. So, You know, we can't have that situation where, You know, if you're gonna be involved on those kinds of legislation, that you can't be enriched by those kinds of, and, and there has to be some kind of influence that seems Simple, that seems like lo logical, like most people would agree to that. Yeah. There's a lot of in, there's a lot of inertia. It's the same thing.


I, I think if any one of us were being honest, money is destroying our, our democracy. And, and that, that's that some people, that might sound trite. No, or it's a cliche, but it's, it's a hundred percent though. It's a hundred percent. I think most people who are objective would agree with you. It, it, it is, I promise you. It is, it is absolute. It is a scourge of American democracy, and money is king. And what's that money for? That money is for tearing you apart. And that creates more and more and more kinds of incivility and cruelty. And then now, well, when I went through, when I was in graduate school for that stuff, I mean, there was no social media and there wasn't all, You know, there wasn't podcasts, there wasn't all kinds of things.


So that made it more difficult. But, but now there's all of those things and, and social media is an accelerate and count, You know, just unlimited money. And that has what, You know, like I'm sure you, You know, you're, you're an athlete and You know, if you've heard that NFL players, it's like, wait, would you want your son to play? And sometimes say, well, no, I wouldn't want that for my son. And, and it's like, I'm relieved that my oldest is, is like he has no interest in being in politics and that, so it's, I I can't imagine it's gonna get better until, You know, we address this idea that unlimited money is unlimited attack and it's un an un unlimited cruelty and hyperbole and just all kinds of poisoning.


The, the well that, You know, half of us are gonna hate your gut. And the other half, Hey, that's my team. Yeah. So, Well, I, I strongly feel that the internet should remain the way it is in terms of people being able to post on social media anonymously if they so choose. But the problem with that is it can be captured by money, And it can be captured by these enormous groups that have bought farms, whether it's state actors, whether it's other countries, other nations that are doing that to try to attack our, our system and to try to promote certain narratives or whether it's our own country itself doing it.


'cause I think we do it too. And I think that Pax do it, and it's just People hook themselves up. It's like you, you self-select your cocoon. Yes. You know, and, and like I'm a big fan of Apple News and it's like 13 bucks a month and, and, but I read everything across the spectrum, the, You know, very, very left and very, very right in between. And, and I think it's really, I think that's your responsibility, especially if you're an elected leader, to, to be challenged, to challenge yourself on the ideas. And it's like clearly one side doesn't have all the answers, and the other side can't be a hundred percent wrong. And, and it's just like being challenging and living or taking in other kinds of perspectives.


I think that's a responsibility. 'cause otherwise, if you only just cocoon yourself into, and it's just, it turns into one gigantic circle jerk. And, and, and that's why it just turns people to just kind of dig in and it's like, Hey, You know, the, the problem is them, and we have to Yes. Well, it's a problem with human beings in general is that we tend to be very tribal and we tend to commit to an ideology whether it's comfortable. Yes. It's comfortable. Sure. Especially when you're in an echo chamber, everyone's agreeing with you. You get social credit from saying the things that these people all agree with, and you, you feed off that. But it's when it's being captured by, it's not just these people exchanging ideas, it's also a bunch of people that are manipulating people's ideas.


You know, I don't know if you've ever paid attention to, like Renee Dures his work with the internet research agency. What, what, what they, what they uncovered, what what they were doing was using, this was like during the 2016 election using social media, And it was a lot of Russian troll farms and troll farms in other countries. I Mean, it's, it's, it's po it's possible. But, but, but, but to be honest, i i, that, that election wasn't turned on, I think Russian and interference. No, I'm not. I I, what, what happened in 2016 was Trump, You know, he plugged into like kinds of a, of an energy or, You know, Like, it was just like kinda looking to, to make that kind of a, of a connection there.


Well, He's a legitimate outsider. This is the appeal. The appeal is that people think that this system is completely rigged and it's captured by money and special interests and enormous corporations. And that here's a guy who's outside of this system completely. And the evidence of that is how the system turned against him, and how you got to see people on television every night talking about Russiagate, talking about how he's a, a puppet of Putin talking about the Steele dossier, talking about all these different things that turned out to not be true And it it further Cement. Yeah. I never bought into, I never bought into some of that kind of a stuff, because if anyone that spent any time on the ground in one of those states, it's like, it's very clear that wasn't because of some, some small kinds of tweets and things Like It, whatever.


It, it's, it's, it's, it's undeniable. And, and also remember like he was, You know, he, You know, the Republican party was like, Hey, this is a joke. And I remember Jeb, Jeb Bush, You know, and he, he had like a hundred or two, $200 million and, and he just went by. He ticked him off. And, and even then people thought he was gonna win, but he did. But, but remember though, overall though, it wasn 75,000 votes. That's a mathematical like, You know, I mean, think of that a hundred, 160 million votes, 75,000 spread across three large states, including my own that transformed American politics and in the world as well.


And it just came down to 75,000 voters in those three states. And that's, that's kind of where, that's where we're at. Yeah. It's, it's an extraordinary time in that regard, right? I mean, it's Very, yeah. Well, I mean, if Uncharted territory, Well, I, I, I referenced a, a movie if you had like a Bulworth I remember that movie. But Bulworth And it, You know, it was Warren Beauty and he was a, a senator, and he kind of had like a breakdown and he started saying provocative things. He used to get up in front of his audience and, and kind of like, like the gaff of, of accidentally speak, You know, telling the truth. Yeah. And it was kind of Like, it was an absurd, I mean, when I was in grad school, it wasn like put up as like, well, that, I mean, people enjoyed that.


And now that became a term in politics saying, oh, we affect, even President Obama was like, Hey, We all want secretly go full bulworth. Full bulworth. And, but, but that's what really he channeled in where he would say, You know, it's kind of like he projects kind of like, well, I don't give a fuck and just say all those kinds of a thing. And, and people have responded to those kinds of things and, and that, You know, s a lot of people they, that that's the, that's the bug. But you have to understand that, that for enough people, that's the feature. Yeah. And, and that's kind of what they want. And, and whatever that is, it, it describes a brand that, You know, it's, it's not, I don't admire that, but you still have to kind of marvel at, at, at the level to say crazy kinds of things.


That, that it, you I'm, well, I guess maybe we're both old enough to remember when George in the George Bush, Al Gore, he's like, oh God, this guy, and that moved the pulses. People were like, he rolled his eyes at Bush, You know, like things, and like, You know, Like It used to be much more staid and now think of what's been said now, right. And all of the stuff, and, and I don't think people aren't paying attention some of the whatever the latest outrage is. Yeah. It's, I think one of the, your appeals is that you speak like a normal human being. You speak like a person who actually cares about these issues, and you seemingly speak from the heart.


You don't seem polished, which is a good thing. And I think people, I I, I wish, I wish I was more handsome, You know? I don't think that's Yeah, no, I I don't think that's good. Oh, no, no. I, I, no, I, it's like I'm honest. Yeah. I'm honest. I, I think I'm in, I'm in touch with, You know what? I'm limited. I wasn't blessed with a model looks, and, but, But it's not looks, it's the polish of speaking like a congressman, like a senator, like a presidential candidate. Yeah. I I, but it's this kind of bullshit way of communicating that's inauthentic. That even though it's effective, even though it's polished and smooth, people never get a sense of who that person is as a human being.


Trump is not polished, he's not polished in that sense, but you get a sense of who he is as a human being. That doesn't seem to be a veil. There doesn't seem to be this, this disconnect between a human being and the thoughts. You might not agree with him. You might think he's crass or rude, but at least You know that he's the guy that's talking. These are his thoughts. And you people trust that way more than they trust someone who's, You know, polished but full of shit. Yeah. No, it's, it's, that's Scarface. It's like, You know, word and balls. Yeah. You know, I'm not gonna, I'm, You know, and that's you, you're losing politically if you're telling people to not believe what their eyes are seeing.


Right. You know? Right. Like, those, these kinds of issues. And, And it's like, I'm not gonna lie, or I'm not going to toe a line that if I don't, if I don't believe, if I don't believe in that, that, so, but in terms of, of the, the, the conversation, I, I, I think it's like, it's, it's all I've got it. And it, And it's not because I don't care. It's actually, I'm very committed and I really do care. But, but I think people are, You know, like, I think authenticity, that's the, that's the last, that's really, that's one of the last meaningful currency in this shitty business. So I was having a conversation this morning with a friend of mine and we were talking about voter id, and he was shocked that you don't need voter ID in, I believe it's 15 states, 15 states require no, ID 20, I think it's 24 or 25 states require id, but only I think 11 of them require you to have photo id.


This is a weird one in this election that I've tried to look at as objectively as possible. And I can't see any reason why you would not need Id to vote unless you wanted people to vote that aren't qualified to vote. Yeah. Well, I mean, like, hon hon honestly, I would, I would like to remind everybody, And it, it's not like a talking point. It's actually, it's in a fact that voter fraud is incredibly, incredibly r rare. It's really hard to, to, to, to, to get away with that successfully. And in 2020 at Scale, you mean? Yeah. It's not scalable. Yeah. It's like, I mean, it, it, it's like, and usually it's, it's kind of local kinds of communities and people, they either know that person or it's, it's not, it's, it's, it's never gonna be organized in a point where you can pack, you can pack a a box or you can't determine that, that kind of a thing.


It's, it's just that, You know, after election, election election, it, it's just never been, You know, in 2020 out of over millions of votes in 2020 in Pennsylvania, there were five or six, You know, ones. And what happened is that, that they, they turned out to be the Republicans and they used their deceased, their, their dead moms, You know, to, to vote for Trump through that. And, and that it wasn, it wasn documented, and they were all, they were all, they, they were caught, they were charged, they were convicted. And all those votes, that would've been six votes out of all of it. So it, it's, Do you think that that's the only voter fraud that exists? Well, people also, we need to re remind that, You know, the, the, the voter database, their cross checks against deaths and, You know, who's moved or what's their status are like, oh, like, You know, all that's crosscheck back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.


So it's, it's, it's a living kinds of thing where it's con continually updated and all of those kinds of things. And it, it's self checks. And remember also in 2020, You know, Trump, there was like, oh, there's, there's cheating. There's all these things are happening. And remember there's probably 57, 58 red counties and all of those commissioners that are in charge of that there were like, Hey, no, there was none. There was none. And even in Georgia, even in Georgia, governor Kemp, governor Kemp, like, Hey, You know, Georgia, You know, it was very close, but it was, it was honest. There was no, there was no kinds of fraud in in that. And that's a, that's a Republican. But Other than making things a little bit easier to cheat, what would be the logic behind not having voter Id?


Like what I, I've tried to look at this as objectively as possible. I can't find any reason why you would not require someone to be able to prove that they're the person they say they are when they're putting in their ballot. It's, it's not a hill that I'm saying I we have to die on that too. I, again, but, But, but it's a vulnerability, clearly. Right? Well, well, it, it, it's also there big, some people may not believe that in, in a lot of these kinds of communities, You know, ones that I, that I live in, for some people, they, they're not gonna, they don't, they don't have an ID necessarily or they've lost it or whatever. And, You know, like, what, But you need one to get a driver's license. You need one to get a Costco Car or don't have one. They don't have one. Yeah.


They, they would have to get an ID or it, it costs x amount of dollars or those kinds of, of, of a thing. It's, it's a barrier. And it usually tends to skew more towards people that are, You know, coming from those kinds of communities. And, and the Republicans understand that they're usually going to, they're gonna skew towards democratic voters through that. And so that, that's kind of the argument on that. And there's never been any evidence that there is widespread kinds of, of, of voter fraud. And that's, But we really didn't have widespread mail-in ballots to the extent that it was done in 2020. We really didn't have that before. Well, all of those were, all of those were, You know, those five or six, You know, dead moms that were voting, those were all, those were all, well actually one, one guy, one guy went in, he voted, You know, and then he went up to his car and he put on sunglasses and a bobcat, and he walked in, he is like, hi, hello, I'm here to vote.


And the guy's like, you were just here. What are you doing? And then they called the police. And, and then it's like, yeah, he was trying to double vote. And he Was, did you see the story about the Chinese national who was arrested because he voted and then he tried to get his ballot back, and that's how they, they caught him. It, It's possible. Yeah. Yeah. This is the thing that just happened. And unfortunately, once he's voted, even though he was not eligible to vote, his vote is going to count. Texas removed some, I mean, there's lawsuits about it, but Texas removed somewhere in the neighborhood of a million people that were ineligible to vote, that could have been voting Well, but everybody knows who's voting and who's not voting on that.


And then that's why, What do you by that? It's, it's incredibly what do mean by everybody knows? Well, and, and, and remember also too dominion, You know, people on, on, on the Trump side, they all said that that dominions was corrupt. And, and then they, and that cost Fox $800 million. They had to pay $800 million about defamation for saying that there was, it was rigged, or if it's not, and there was no evidence, and they had to just acknowledge that, that this was the honest thing. So, but Dominion is, it's a computer program, right? It's a, it's a computer. Like that's what you're doing. You're doing electronic voting. Yeah. That it wasn, it wasn a system that, that, You know, mostly, and often it was red states that were using those.


Do You remember Well, that, that is true because do you remember the documentary Hacking Democracy? Did you ever see that Again, there's always gonna be people that are gonna try to, to have an influence on that, right? But did you see that documentary? It was about the, the Republicans doing it? I, I, I haven't seen that. Documentary Was a documentary during the Bush administration, and one that they, they showed that the Diebolt machines and Diebolt was a significant contributor, I believe, to the Republican party. They showed in the documentary that you could use a third party input to change the results. And they, they actually proved it in the documentary. And people were pointing to this is, oh my God, the Republicans are cheating. And the Republicans have used this to try to rig the election for George Bush.


It was an HBO documentary. I, I'm not accusing, I I've never ac accused the Republicans like, well, for in 2016. No, I'm not, I'm not saying you did. What I'm trying to say is that this is not a, a, a thing that's only been leveled against the, the, the Democrats using it. This is not like an accusation that only applies to Democrats in the past. A similar accusation was applied to Republicans. Yeah. Well, I mean, I, I I think we can all agree that we need to have a sec just like our border. We need a secure border, and we need an absolutely secure right vote, voting, voting system as well too. I mean, that, that should never be considered controversial to that.


Right. And, and in 2016, a lot of democrats were, were outraged that, that, that we lost. But, but I never claimed that there was, You know, there, the Republicans cheated or do all those kinds of things. And it, it's like, You know, the problem, the problem for accusing that there was voter fraud is, is that if you don't like the, the outcome. Right. You know, so, and, and I have never witnessed a rep a, an election if, if they've won that, they claimed, well, there might be, You know, we, You know, we might, we might have, we might have cheated. Yeah, no, we're not cheating. So that Right. Of course. So I think that's, that's kind of that, that's, that's, I think that's kind of the underlying tr truth about that.


And, and of course, You know, I, I think I was the first Democrat saying, Hey, though we need a secure border. We, You know, it's a significant issue. And if I thought there was any kinds of issues, and I've been very vigilant throughout, I've been actively involved in those kinds of things, and I've never witnessed those kinds of a thing. But What do you mean by issues? Like what kind of issues are you talking about? You're talking about people letting people in in order to get votes? Well, I, I, I, it's not, there's not that level of kinds. I don't think there's that level of kinds of organization, But there is an organization that's moving these people to swing states. There's a significant number of these people that are illegal immigrants that have made their way to swing states.


And then there's been calls for amnesty. There's been calls for allowing these people to have a pathway to citizenship and allow them to vote. The fear that a lot of people have is that this is a coordinated effort to take these people that you're allowing to come into the country. Then you're providing them with all sorts of services, like food stamps and housing and setting them up. Well, you, and then providing a pathway to amnesty. And then you would have voters that would be significantly voting towards the Democrats because they're the people that enabled them to come into the country in the first place, first place, and provided them with those services.


This is a big fear that people have and that you are rigging this system and that this will turn all these states into essentially locked blue like California is. Well, I, I, You know, it's what always gonna be a, a, a tough issue in our nation. You know, I, I had as a professor in grad school, Alan Simpson. Alan Simpson, and he was, he was a United States senator. He was Wyoming, and he was, he was a, he was actually a pro choice Republican. I mean, how rare that would be. Well, it doesn't exist now. And he said, you are never going to have any meaningful immigration kinds of legislation.


He's like, because both side, that's useful for them and it's gonna be back and forth, back and forth. And he said that 25 years ago, useful Meaning the debate, having it always some a political talking Point. Yeah. It's useful for one side or the other. Right. It's, it's useful. And he, he pro he said, I, there were never going to be, and he said that in 1999, and I was, I, I voted for, for the border deal and that, and that went down and, and that's, I mean, he said that 25 years ago, and it wasn absolutely true now that, that, that they had an opportunity to do a comprehensive border bipartisan, and that went down because Trump, he, he declared that that that's, that's a bad deal after it was negotiated with, with the other side.


But What didn't that deal also involve amnesty? And didn't that deal also involve a significant did Yeah. Number of illegal aliens being allowed into the country every year. I think it was 2 million people. Yeah. So it was still the same sort of situation. And their fear is exactly what I talked about, that these people will be moved to swing states and that that will be used to essentially rig those states and turn them blue forever. Well, I, I, I'm not, I'm not really sure if that's, that's what what, what, what, what's, what's in play. I, I think it's really like, it's important that we have to have an, an honest conversation about, But doesn't that seem logical though? If you have a significant number of people that are being moved into swing states that have come across the border illegally, and then you've provided them with all these services, you provided them with food stamps, EBT, you've provided them with housing.


You could, if you gave those people amnesty and allowed those people to vote, And it was very organized. You're talking about 75,000 votes over a few counties that switched everything over to the Republicans, you could see how you import 10 million people over the course of four years illegally and then move a significant number of them to swing states and then provide them with all these services and then give them a path to citizenship. You could essentially r those states Undeniably. Immigration is changing our nation. I mean, I haven't spent a lot of time in Texas, but it's very clear that that immigration has, has remade Texas. And I think it's generally it's, it's for, for a good thing.


And like my wife, my wife's Brazilian and she was, she was, her family was undocumented and she was seven years old when she was brought here. And, and I, and I'm the big pro, pro immigration a guy that there was, but it's also has to be true that we need a secure border and we have to work this out because we are pretending that you have millions and millions of people, You know, living in the shadow and they are here and we have to work together and figure out a way to get forward because they're here. And it seems incredibly difficult kind of logistics thing. And I think it's, it's also un-American to, to, to round everybody up and who in the vast majority of them are just living legal lives and doing a lot of the jobs that other people here would never do.


I think we can agree on that. Well, JD Vance actually talked about that the other day when he was here. He was explaining how there are CEOs of large corporations that want these people to come across because they need cheap labor. And the way to get cheap labor is have people that are illegals working for less than what would be our minimum wage. Well, I, I'm not aware. I mean, You know, minimum wage really, it's, it's, I think it's, it's most incredibly difficult and, and violent kind of jobs. Like, You know, like, and, and that's like, that's, You know, meat jobs That a lot of people Don't wanna work. A lot of those, those are kind of really rough Kinds of meat processing, Construction. Yeah. Very, You know, rough, rough, And this is the thing that's been said about Springfield, Ohio, that these Haitians that have moved to Springfield, Ohio, these people are complaining about 'em.


But the people that have employed these people saying, listen, these people are taking jobs that other people that lived in this community don't want, they work very hard and they're very happy that they have this pathway to be in America. Now. I think most people that come here come here because they want a better life for their families. And America is essentially a country it wasn founded by immigration. I'm, I'm a grandchild of immigrants. My, I'm here because of immigration. This Is, is we, we we all were Immigrants. Yeah. This is immigrant country, essentially. Yeah. And, and it's like, I, it's again, and, and like the, the, the Haitians, the Haitians, You know, that they're referencing in Ohio, in Springfield, I mean, they're not eating dogs, they're not eating pets and those kinds of things. Now it's reasonable.


I mean, I've said the same thing, that we have to have a secure border, but it didn't even apply to, to that situation. It wasn all a legal situation. It wasn ity amnesty. Excuse me. And that's because Haiti was, was it was it was terrible. Yeah. Terrible Situation. Terrible Situation. And, and to me, they were doing those jobs and, and republicans, You know, even the, the re the Republican governor was saying like, these are good workers, right? And this is not the problem. They aren't eating geese. And, and it's just like, you can be very pro pro border like I am, or you can be very, You know, strict on immigration, but you don't have to demonize or, or try to turn a group of people in that they're eating your dog.


Well, I think you have to. They're eating ducks and eating. Look, I'm sure some people have done that. You know, You know why I know that? Because some people do that in places that are just Americans, ducks are edible, and some people want to eat a duck. And it is just like, you're not gonna stop it. But that's not the major problem that people face. So this is the pro side of it, right? The pro side of it is you give a pathway to people that are from very unfortunate circumstances. And I think we would both agree that if we were living in those countries and there was a pathway to citizenship in the United States, all you had to do is make it across the border. We would both do it if it was better for our families, it was better for our future if we were living in a place that had no hope and no future.


And all you had to do is make it to America and, and you could work. Yeah, we would all do it. I would do it. You would do it. I bet everybody listening to this would do it if they found themselves in that circumstance. That's the best aspect of it. The best aspect of it is good people that are ambitious, that want a better life, which is how this country was founded. The worst aspect of it is Venezuelan gangs that are taking over apartment buildings in Aurora, Colorado, and San Antonio, Texas. That's the worst aspect of it, is that they're letting in gang members, Venezuelans emptied out their prisons and essentially according to the president Yeah. The Mari boat lift, You know, the whole Right. What happened in Cuba? Yeah. The same kind of deal emptying out their prisons and instructing these people to make it to America.


This is a significant problem with the open border. Yeah. And that's why we need a secure border. And there's also, and that all of this is about a truth is that America is a beacon for to the world. Yeah. Millions of people. The, the de demand to become a citizen here or to participate in our amazing society, that demand outstrips the, the space there. And we're there, we're already the very pro-immigration. We, we allow more kinds of a path, more than any other nations in the world on that. And people are willing to die and they put themselves at risk just to kind of get here, to be a participant here. So America isn't the problem. America is, America is, is one of the great hopes in the world. And that's why so many people want to come be a part of that.


And, and that's why it has to have an effective border. And it, it's like if, You know, we had a real issue here and we wanted to address that. And that's why, You know, my my former professor said that you're never gonna have the kind of a deal Because it is useful for both sides to weaponize that and to demonize one side or turn the other thing in there because it's a serious important issue. It's a political talking point that's they're always gonna use, that's what you're saying. Yeah. It's, it's, it's useful. I mean, it's, it's web, it's it's weapon, it's weaponized. And that's why you have to have an, an honest conversation. Right. And that's the thing I've always, You know, I I, I re I was reaching out saying it wasn referred to HR one, and that it wasn like, kind of like the dream kind of immigration law coming out of the house.


And I was like, Hey, if that boarded deal goes down, then it's like, hey, we should continue to have that conversation. Right. You know, we, You know, it's like they're parts of their, they're parts, But the what's contradictory is that, say if you're coming from Canada or Europe, and you are a highly skilled college educated person who wants to live in America, become a United States citizen, the path to citizenship is incredibly difficult. It's hard. You have to go up for review, you have to show that you're doing something that Americans can't do. You have to be a person of significant talent or ability. There's something about you that we want you in here yet, if you just make it across the border and walk in, people wanna give you amnesty and they wanna allow you a path to citizenship quickly without any of those hoops.


You don't have to take tests. You don't have to go up for review. Not only that, but once you get here, once you apply for amnesty, there's a significant wait period where you're allowed to maintain your residents in this country, it's between seven and sometimes longer years. Yeah. Well, yeah. We have to figure out what's, what's the way to Do it. Well, that's kind of crazy though, isn't it? But the fact is, we have, we have an issue. We have millions of people here and You know, the vast majority of them are, are living legal kinds of lives. And of course, what Would you do if you were the president? Let, let's imagine President Federman has to deal with this issue. You wanna address the American people. What do you think should be done? Again, having that, I, I would have the same conversation to, to Congress and to American people like I'm having right now as well too.


Like I, You know, I think it's two things can be true at the same time. You can be very pro-immigration. I wouldn't have the, the beautiful family that I have if it wasn't for, You know, challenges and, and issues with immigration. But then we have to figure out a way that we can marry a, a s a successful way that we can, we can combine, You know, I think I, I personally, I do think immigration is, is really one of our, our secret weapons. I think that's what makes America Yes, so, so strong. I agree with you. Yeah. Yeah, I do. That's made Ambitious people want a better life. I mean, that's literally how we're founded. And that's what be Why, I mean, do you see people trying to, to, to, to live illegally in India or Russia? You don't see people trying to break into the nations like that. I mean, that's, it's a good, good point.


I mean it's, it's in some sense it's, it's in a weird way, it's like kind of a, a kind of a a it's a significant but a good problem to have because we have, so we're such an amazing nation throughout that. Yes, agreed. But, but if I'm, if I'm President Federman, I'm like, Hey, we gotta figure this out. We gotta figure this out. I'm not gonna, what would you do? I'm not gonna demonize, I'm not gonna demonize the Republicans and say that you're a xenophobic, or I mean, the second you start calling somebody, oh, you're a xenophobic. You're, it's like within the conversation is gonna shut down. Right? And, and I'm saying I've, I, it, it's like for a, a serious conversation requires serious people. And the second, the second, and that's when you talk about unlimited money. And it's like, suddenly you're like, I mean, I had, I had gigantic billboards saying federman equals, You know, open borders and federal, You know, like, it's just like, You know, I get turned into, You know, like A Marxist.


Yeah, Yeah. Just, that's all these kinds of things. And it's just like, and of course it wasn never true. And then when I had the opportunity, because You know, as I'm a senator and we have that kinds of legislation in front of me, I'm like, yes, we need to have a serious ones. And now people are like, we're shocked. They're like, oh, wait a minute. I thought they told us that he was all like border in, You know, opening up and whatever. And it's just not true. Well, That's the problem with people building a fake narrative around your actual opinions. And I think people have been shocked by you, and we've actually talked about on the podcast over the last couple years, you say very reasonable things, very reasonable, honest things. Yeah, I know That, that, that that's that they, that that's the thing. And it's, but it's Rare for politicians. I I, I'm, I'm eager to talk to, to anyone.


And it's like, I, like, I, I mean, I was thrilled to be here and I've, I've been a long time fan of yours and Thank you. And it's like, these are the kinds of, You know, like we, parts of times we become too fragile, You know, like, oh, they're not allowed to talk about those things. They're not allowed to have these kinds of conversations. I I never understood why that, that that's, that's really a problem. But, but it's like when people discover, it's like, well, hey, he seems to be kind of reasonable, or me, I disagree with some things, but he's not what, a hundred million dollars, You know, trained me to think that that's what's true about Him. Right. The propaganda. So like, what do you think could be done if you were President Federman?


Let's bring it back to that. What would you do about the border? Like how do you secure the border but also allow a pathway for people to pursue their hopes and dreams in the United States? Yeah, I, I would, I would've, You know, for me, I would've start with the HR two. And there are elements that are, are, they're just not palatable to, there are members of my colleagues that, You know, that they come from, You know, more, more deep blue states. And that becomes a, it's done a palable to some people. So it, how do You secure the border? How would that be done? Well, I I, I mean, it, it, it's, it just, it's gotta have it ha You know, the, the best border deal is, is the, is the only one that can pass.


And, and if you, You know, to, You know, HR two, HR two was described as like, kind of like, You know, I, I joke, I call that the, the only fans list of what Republicans went for for immigration. Why, what? And the OnlyFans wishlist, You know, they're kinda like, this is what We all want, You know, You know, it's like the OnlyFans, this is what, this is what we want. And it wasn never, it wasn never gonna Pass. Was fans, what do you mean by that? It wasn never gonna pass. It wasn never gonna pass. And that it wasn like what Every Republicans on the house, You know, the hard, the hard liners that that's what it was. And they passed it because in this cycle, the Republicans have the majority in the house. And now they, they put that up and that's never gonna pass in the Senate because we have control.


And then that kind of got sidelined, and then when everything kind of came together and it wasn the aid deal, it wasn for Ukraine, for Israel and for China. Lot of this stuff in there. And then, and then the Republicans tied the border to, to passing meth. And, and there were some people that were f frustrated saying, Hey, no, no, that's, that's, that's, that's Not, well that's one of the more frustrating things about bills is that you can take a bill about an issue, say energy or whatever, immigration, and attach a bunch of other stuff like support for foreign aids, support for specific wars or whatever it is.


You could throw a bunch of stuff in there that really shouldn't be in there. And then you have these bills that are 2000 pages long and no one's really reading 'em. I, I thought, well, I thought it was reasonable. I thought it was reasonable to have that conversation. I'm like, yeah, let's have that conversation. Right? I mean, 'cause for me it was about security and for that aid, that aid bill, it wasn for me, and I think it wasn, it wasn our global war on democracy. Right. You know, whether it's Ukraine or whether it's in Israel and, and China. And clearly what their intent for China is on Taiwan and, and all that's coming. And, and that's really what's under assault. It's undeniable that demo democracy is under, under attack. And that's why I'm like, Hey, we gotta stand and we gotta push back against that.


And now, and now and like, Hey, we need to have a secure border, so let's put everything together. And we reached that. We, we actually reached that and, And it took months. It literally took months. But gimme your utopian version of it. Like let's assume that you could just get this passed. What would you do? What would you do to secure the border but also provide a pathway to people that want a better life? It's only gonna have to be a negotiating way. Right. That's palatable to both sides, You Know, I understand that, but what would you do if you knew you could just get something through without this negotiation? What do you think could be done? What's the best version of it? What's the utopian version for John Fetterman?


Well, I, again, I I think eventually if you are living your best lives and you're following the law and you're, You know, and you really just showed up because hey, I have no path for, for, for a, a life that I would want for my kids. You know, it's like, and, and that's that to me, that's very American. And remember what's in this, in the, what's inside the, the Statue of Liberty. It's like send us, You know, our, our our tired huddled masses too. They, it wasn't just, hey, send in the PhDs and the right. You know, and those kinds of things. I mean, that's what really made our nation and You know, the steel industry, the steel industry, You know, in my part of the state that came from, it was European, it was all kinds of immigrants. They all came in, they couldn't build the houses fast enough and it wasn all foreign labor.


And they, a lot of them were sacrificed 'cause it was an incredibly a dangerous business in the steel industry. Yeah. And, and that, that built our nation and that became part of our society. And that's really every, every kinds of wave, You know, and that, and, and to me, America has to be open and a path for anyone that's playing by the rules because the gr the group that you're from, or the part of you all started the same kind of a process. It's inevitable. Right. That that's, that's the, the, the enduring truth. And that's what made America special and that made us make us strong. I agree with you. So, but what could physically be done to secure the border? I mean, the wall was sort of dismissed during the Trump administration, but it was also discussed during the Obama administration.


Even Bill Clinton talked about the importance of having secure borders. What could be done physically to secure the border? Yeah. Well, again, because that, it's like that, that becomes, that becomes like a third rail. We can't talk about this or Well, Let's just, I understand that politically, but let's just assume that that's not an issue. What would you want to do? We, it is like, I would wanna make sure that we, first we have to acknowledge the truth. It, it's like immigration has been an issue because America is an amazing country and they're coming from broken countries where they've all recognized that there's not a, a meaningful path for them to have a quality of life.


And they're willing to risk their lives. And sometimes they even drown. And it's like, I can't imagine turning, turning. Like, could you imagine turning your children over to a coyote and You know, they're gonna, You know, go like, like if you're trying to leave, imagine I like, hey, in, in Pennsylvania it's like walking to North Carolina with your kids on your back. I mean, it's like, these are desperate kinds of situations, right? And it wasn't an invasion in that sense. It was just people wanting to have a part of the American dream 100% and acknowledging where that's at. And it needs to have a path. Otherwise you're gonna have to round up. And that's not realistic. And there's not the resources and, and that's gonna be incredibly di disruptive and it's gonna be damaging economically as as well too.


So How do you provide a path while also, And it with, in my respect Yeah. How do you provide a pathway while also securing the border? Well, we, well, to me, I think we can, You know, chew gum and, and walk at the same time on this, and it's not gonna be perfect. It's gonna be messy and it's not gonna be, You Know, right. But what would that look like? Whether there's a, where it's actually a, a barrier or, You know, hiring, You know, thousands and thousands of more agents and whatever that it takes on that. And, and it's like the, the best border deal in that situation is the best one that can pa that can be, that can pass.


Right? 'cause because otherwise I, I, You know, like, boy, if I could wake up with a perfect head of hair or You know, I could, You know, it's like, You know, but it's, it's like, You know, practicing the possible and we were as close as we've ever game in, in, in years and years. And that never came to, into, I understand what you're saying, that it has to pass, but what I'm saying is imagine that wasn't the case. What could be done? Like if we could all agree, we could put politics aside and say, You know what Everything John Fetterman is saying makes total sense. Yeah. We, we have to put that we do need a pathway for these people. It is a beautiful part of America. The reason why people come here in the first place is because it's the land of opportunity, but yet we also have to keep Venezuelan gangs and prisoners from coming across and murderers and gang members and cartel.


Yeah. And we have to, we have to weed them out. And we have to, we have to deport them, You know, we absolutely. It's like, this isn't, So how do you find them and how do you deport them? What's that? How do you find them and how do you deport them? Well, again, that's just like, like taking, taking some kind of an inventory of like, who's actually here on this? And we have to figure out who's actually here on those kinds of a thing. And, and, and there are gonna be, You know, statistically that's a fact that out of x million people, for example, You know, it's, it's a fact that statistically that some that thinks terrible things are gonna be perpetrated by those things. And You know, statistically in some sense that that Native Americans not, You know, like, not, not in, not the Right, I know what you're saying, but American citizens, You know, and the criminality, if, if anything, the criminality is slightly higher, You know, in, in immigration communities as well.


And some of the most pro, pro American kinds of views that's, that's, that's projected in those kinds of communities. I mean, just like the community that, that brought my, my wife and, and their family to this, to this country. And, and that's, that's kind of where we're at. And I think what we're seeing now in, in this cycle, there are more and more Latinos that are, You know, they're changing their views on some of those. They're like, Hey, we do need, we do need a se a secure border on that. Yeah. It's not necessarily assumed that Because you are a member of, of a demographic that, that it's, it has to, it's all, it's not necessarily consistent that it's gonna be strong blue kinds of, Well, We all want safety, right?


We all want safety. We all want to minimize crime. Everyone Of course. Everyone of Course. Yeah. So you want a secure border to keep criminals from coming over here. That's the major, the the major impediment. Yeah, of course. And, and a secure border with more and more resources put on that. And, and that makes it's, but it's, it's impossible to make sure that, of course, you're gonna have members of the immigration community that are gonna c commit kinds of terrible kinds of crimes. And you're gonna see, and those are gonna be talked about in the popular media as well. It's un undeniable. And I mean, they're incredibly tragic. And it's, it's, it's, it's a fact.


And that's actually the truth of the American story. Immigration made our nation and there were hard truths and we have a hard truth right now. And we need to have a secure border and we have to find a way to celebrate our immigrations and, and the kinds of what immigrations and the contributions that they made to this nation. And also to weed out or to minimize the kinds of negative kinds of things and those kinds of resources because we can't possibly support an unchecked kinds of a situation that we had. And I described that if you had 300,000 people showing up at the border, well that's the side of Pittsburgh, You know, in a month. Like where are they gonna go? You know, how are we gonna give them an American dream already?


'cause they're all gonna need to Right. Be certain kinds of resources. And, and that should never be controversial to say it's like, we can't, that's not sustainable. And it's like, if we want for every immigrant their American dream, it's impossible. If it's, if it's unchecked like that. And it shouldn't be controversial to, to, to, to anyone politically. No. It's just reasonable what you're saying's reasonable. What could be done. And who do you think is gonna do a better job to boost our economy? Well, I, I I think it's undeniable too. And, You know, I'm certainly not going to discount some of the ex the experiences, some people that have been hit by eggs or other things, or, You know, inflation.


But, but right now, the, our economy right now, it's, it's really, it's the world's envy throughout all those things. By any metric, it's our unemployment, the stock market, and You know, the hundreds of thousands of new jobs that are being created throughout all those things. And our, our inflation now has been kind of eased back into to, to check, but it's undeniable that there was an incredible in inflation that hit certain kinds of families hard through those things. And I think that the next kinds of wave, whether it's AI or those other kinds of innovations, whether that it's it's green energy or those kinds of a thing that's gonna continue to, to juice are our, our economy.


Well, AI is a big fear, right? Because AI is gonna come with automation, and automation is gonna come with removing jobs. Yeah. That is a challenge. Yeah. On my walk here, well I didn't walk here, but I saw, I saw a Waymo, a Waymo drove by me and there was, I'm like, wait a minute, there's no one in there, No one in there. There Was no one in there car. Did you see the That's the first time I've ever traffic jam. Yeah. That's the first time I've ever seen a car and had literally no human was in that vehicle. And I was like, wow, There's a bunch of 'em around Austin. Yeah. And there was a traffic jam in Austin where they all got together, we used to have at the intersection and no one knew what to do. Yeah. Because all the robots were just like clogging up this intersection. Yeah. Like we, a lot of that came from Pittsburgh too, and you would see those kinds of cars, but it always had a human in there.


But it wasn the first time I saw like a robot car driving around in, in Austin. And Yes, that creates, there's a lot of dislocation that's possible. And that's Just the beginning. It's gonna be shipping, it's gonna be truckers. I mean it wasn a big issue with the longshoremen and the teamsters that were gonna go on strike. Yeah. Please have some more water For you. Thank you. You're welcome. I mean it wasn a, it wasn a big part of one of their demands was that, You know, they see what's going on in China, they see that they're using automation to completely control shipping yards. That it's all done with machines and computers now. And this is gonna displace a lot of people.


This is something that Andrew Yang talked about in depth when he was running for president. 'cause he was talking about the need for some kind of universal basic income to provide people with, You know, money and food and housing because jobs are gonna be non-existent in a lot of different sectors, a lot of different markets, a lot of different things that have traditionally been done by people specifically Driving. Driving is gonna be a gigantic one. It's all gonna be done by computers. Yeah. Well, I I mean, universal guaranteed income. I, I, I'm, I'm not sure I, I don't know because you're gonna have to have, that's a lot of resources to provide a lot of that and, and that creates all kinds of other issues and dynamic.


But I'm not afraid of, I'm not afraid of technology, but it's also acknowledging that there are gonna be kinds of changes in those things. And, and, and I'm a big believer in technology takes us into a more productive kinds of economy. And they're gonna help solve some of the challenges that we have in our society for those kinds of things. But I think we have to find the perfect balance that we, we don't stifle innovation, but we also, but we also have to remember that there are going to be people that might be left behind, or they're not. They're gonna struggle. I mean, hey, I'm, I was mayor for 13 days and I live in a, a community. It wasn left behind by some of those things. And now the steel workers, the steel workers, I live across the street from the steel mill.


And then it was announced that NEP Pond was buying US Steel. And basically all those steel workers were, they were done. You know, they used euphemism saying, well, we're gonna honor current label, excuse me, labor deals with, that's a euphemism saying, as soon as that's up, you're done. Right. And then that's gonna be, You know, thousands of, of union jobs. And if you think it's gonna be easy for those men and women to, to pull down six figures or those kinds of an income, it's Like, It, You know, how un You know, how insensitive to say, well, hey, learn coding or whatever. It's like, well, hey, it's, no, it's not Coding's useless anyway when AI learning to code's gonna be useless.


Yeah. E exactly. That's how quickly things change. It's basically kinda Like, it's basically kind of like a fuck you, like good luck. Yeah. Kind of thing. Well, It's such a, it's a dumb fuck you too. Because even when they said learn to code, like it wasn, like, You know, they were saying, Hey, I could learn To code, Hey, I'm 55, I'm not gonna learn how to read to Code code. But here's the thing, even if you did, that's how quickly things change. Even if you did, now they're telling kids learning coding in universities is not necessarily gonna be a pathway to a job because all coding is gonna be done by artificial intelligence. Yeah. Well, but, but You know, I, they never even told us that they were gonna sell that. And then I was a, a staffer sent me a picture on CNN saying that there's, they're selling UST and I'm like, fuck that.


And So I just went up on my roof and I had a video saying, Hey, I promise I'm gonna do anything I can to to, to jam that up. And it's like, that's what we did, and we worked with the White House. And then suddenly all of that got jammed up and suddenly, I'm so surprised, wink on Wink. But Neon found extra billions of dollars to make the kinds of upgrades to, to secure us future for those facilities in the Mon Valley. And, and to me it's about following the union way of life. You know, to me Steel is national security. And to me, if you turn your back on the working union families, I mean that it's like this, it's, it's, those are really hard to replace those things.


And so for me, two things are true at the same time, You know, our economy has evolved, but when we have an opportunity to stand for the union way of life, and we can't ever just out, out outsource, You know, our steel industry right. Like that, I refuse to, to do that. So, and that's why we're in that situation right now, that it's like, Hey, it's like that, that's what's true about some of these industries. One of the things that I was reading it wasn really crazy, and I'd love you to find out how much of this is accurate, Jamie, one of the things was this guy was explaining how scrap metal in the United States is shipped to China where they make things with it instead of making things here because, and then we buy what they make with our scrap metal, which seems to me kind of insane.


Yeah. Well, well there's been A volution, the death of American manufacturing is a, a significant problem that we faced. And it was really highlighted during Covid, right? Where there wasn't ships coming in because everything was kind of locked down for a while. And people like, Hey, so much of what we need, particularly computer chips and, and medicine, so much of what we need is being made overseas. I agree. And then that's, and that's why, You know, Congress came together and, and President Biden led the, the whole chips, the hold chips, You know, legislation. And it's like, we gotta make our, we gotta make shit in America, right? And it's like, of course the future is in those kinds of industries and those things.


So we gotta pr we have to protect the American economy for that thing. And, and that's why that's a bipartisan kinds of, of, of a push for that. And, and the, the and Covid that relieved a lot of vulnera vulnerabilities. It's like where a lot of these things come from or so, but, but going, going forward on that, it, it's like we can never just surrender that American manufacturing. We can't assume and we can't allow that to turn completely outsourced. No, I mean, it's, it would be horrible And it would be nice to bring things back. And it's also, You know, one of the things we've been discussing a lot is that so many of the things that we need today, like particularly phones are being made in an unethical way.


Like where we would never allow the working conditions that exist in these factories overseas, where American corporations are having their products made in a way that you would never legally be able to do in America. And yet they're doing this just to make more money. And That Yeah. Well, I mean, let's also talk about rare, rare, rare, rare, rare earth minerals, rare earth stuff. I mean, yeah. The Chinese have strategically just, You know, snapped up that, that markets, I mean that's really, that's a significant security issue we have. We're gonna have to, we're gonna have to address that. And, and thankfully, thankfully we have identified of some large deposits, I think it was Nevada, but but rare earth kinds of minerals. I mean, that's a, a serious security issue because the new economy and a lot of the new technology is going to depend on those kinds of incredibly, I think a lot of kinds of minerals that some people have never even heard in their life, have no idea what that even why that's important.


Right. And then oil as well, I mean, we have significant oil reserves in the United States. Apparently we have more oil than other countries do. It's just a matter of accessing it. So are are you in favor of drilling for oil and fracking and all these different things to Yeah, A a hundred percent. And, and that, that, that, that's, that, that's what's also true is especially what happened after, after Russia in, in invaded, And it was very clear that Europe had, have Russians kind of of buy the short hairs that a lot of their Europe was, they were dependent on some of the Russian gas. Right. And it, it, that's a fact too. And You know, it's also, it's also what's true is that fossil fuels are part of our energy stack.


You know, our energy has to evolve, whether that's hydrogen or nuclear. Now even nuclear, that conversation's reemerging, You know, I grew up in South Pennsylvania, maybe you've heard of three islands. Sure. Three Mile Islands. Yeah. I had to evacuate when that happened. I was nine. Did you? Yeah, I had to evacuate. Wow. Because they, they could, they could have turned, You know, we could have never returned. I mean, it wasn really tense. Now they're reopening that because micro Microsoft is gonna buy the electricity because now that's gonna be nuclear to, to run the, the, the data centers and those things. That's an important conversation. So if you are committed, and I think it's, You know, I do believe that you, you really have to make sure that nuclear is part of that conversation too, Because it, You know, zero zero kinds of emissions and that's dependable kinds of energy that doesn't depend on the wind or the sun.


But ironically, some people pretend that you have to have a conversation. So, but You know, for, for the foreseeable future that fossil fuels are part of our stack. And for me, energy security is in, it's very important, You know, national security. I mean, like, if we can't, if we can't power our economy, then it's gonna, that's a significant risk for our economy in our Amer American way. And, and You know, now we, I think we're a net exporter of energy that, So I think that's a, that's a good thing. I think that's a great way to be. And it's being honest about that and the path forward.


And, and I think we, You know, everything has to be on the table because we have to have a portfolio that produces the, the kinds of energy that we're gonna need to power our economy. Another significant issue that a lot of people are concerned about is government interference in online censorship. And what, what was exposed during the Twitter files that the FBI had contacted the original owners of Twitter and prevented that or instructed them that the Hunter Biden laptop was Russian disinformation, was trying to get certain accounts banned that were talking about covid vaccines and the dangers of side effects and what the actual research was showing.


And that this was a significant interference in the First Amendment, and that these corporations that were running these social media companies were being directly influenced by the federal government. And they were using this power to silence people from speaking out against certain things. This is a, this is very concerning to a lot of people. This idea that the government would infringe on our ability to be whistleblowers, to expose issues that have been hidden from the American people because of greed and money and politics. What are your thoughts on that? Well, of course, I mean, I'm, I'm a, I'm a a free speech kind of person and, and I, I think social media is, is it's, it's kind of difficult to control there.


There's a difference between misinformation or just outright lying or it's an agenda of a foreign nation that's trying to, to sow all these kinds of, of sentiments and those kinds of, of, of, of, of things. And, and it's kind of difficult to, to police all those things. And it's a lot of, it's an ongoing kind of, of a, of a situation. So, but I'm always gonna try to err on the side of free speech. And then there's incredibly more and more kinds of platforms just like one I'm on right now talking about these kinds of things. And I, I am not, You know, clutching my pearls if there's having conversations that I may or may not agree or disagree on what's being talked about those things.


But I think people are also, there's also a level of responsibility to be, You know, to discern what you're hearing. It's like, I think that's true, or I think that's trash or it's like those kinds of thing. And just because always asking myself and what I'm read, is that just true or is there a perspective? Where is it coming from? Right. Who's behind those kinds of a thing? So I mean, it's, it's a difficult kinds of, what's the, the appropriate kind of balance. But it's absolutely, it's also a fact that there are, are bad actors behind some of those kinds of conversations or some of those kinds of misinformation as well too. And Absolutely incitement, incitement is not free speech, You know, and encouraging people for, for violence or those kinds of a thing.


I I mean it's, it's, it's a careful Kind of balance. It's just law. It's dangerous. Yeah. And but the, what the fear is that the government was interfering when you had 51 former intelligence agents that were testifying that the Hunter Biden laptop was Russian disinformation, when it seems pretty clear that they knew that to not be true and that Twitter actually listened to these people and they did block that, And it did probably have a significant impact on the 2020 election. Yeah. Well, but the other thing that had a significant impact was in 2020, I forget his, his name, but he had to investigate, You know, Clinton's about the emails call me.


Yeah. Like, You know, two weeks out it wasn like the ultimate October surprise is what, right. And that undeniable, that had a significant impact as Well too. It wasn the 2016, right? Yeah, it, it absolutely, it absolutely did as well too. So, I mean, that's why there's both sides and they have agendas to suppress some kinds of a thing or to, to bring something to the front. And it's undeniable that it can have an impact on that as well too. I never went down either of those, You know, rabbit holes, whether it was the Clinton emails or if it was the Hunter Biden's kind of of laptop. So, but it hasn't really changed overall the dynamic that in our cycles, the last three cycles. It's really, it's about, for me it's about a referendum on what we want a vision for America.


Is it a Trump kinds of a, of a vision or do we have an alternative? And I've always been very clear it's gonna be incredibly close and it's gonna be incredibly, at times very divisive. And, and, and here we are now, and it's still back to a coin toss. And I've always predicted that it would be, You know, even back to 2016 because You know, we're really gonna have a lot settled out before this election. It's gonna take America in a very two stark and distinctive kinds of directions. What do you think about Elon Musk's idea of creating a government efficiency agency? Well, I, Hey, I, I flagged when Musk, when Musk got involved, I, I, I flagged that Anyone can look online.


I can say that it's like, well, You know, endorsements and, and the, and surrogacy, it doesn't really mount for much, it doesn't count for much a lot. And sometimes, but, but I mean, it wasn a, it wasn a significant and he's getting involved and he's showing up at those kinds of, of events. I mean, You know, in some sense, I've said this publicly that he's even a bigger kinds of star than, than Trump can be. And for some people in Pennsylvania, like that's Tony Stark, right? He's involved in undeniably kinds of, of important things like SpaceX or he was one of the original charter he was in on the charter of Open i a ai, he was involved in that too.


So I mean, that's, that's significant. And, and I don't agree with some of his, some of his views on politics, but it's undeniable that he can move the needle in some sense of, of convince some people that it's like, Hey, if if he says that he's the, the right choice for president, that that's gonna, that's gonna, that's gonna resonate in, in some, in some circles in Pennsylvania. And, and I've, I've warned that and acknowledging it. It's just like that, that's, it's just like, Hey, I, I know people and they admire him and you may not agree with his politics, but you, you really, it's, it's impossible to ignore that he is going to have a level of, of, of, of impact.


Of an impact on that. Yeah. But what do you think about the idea of trying to make the government more efficient and that this hasn't been audited before? And of course, I, hey, I'm open to any kinds of ideas and all those kinds of a thing on all of that. One side doesn't have a monopoly on good ideas or important kinds of issues that, that are ma that are matter to them. So, and, and it's like the choices and the kinds of things and how he's chosen to participate, especially and very personally in, in Pennsylvania, I'm like, Hey, here's where we are. That's part of the dynamic here, You know, calling it out and acknowledging that I'm not moving against that.


I'm not criticizing whatever. It's just like, Hey, it's happening. So, and that, I think that's part of why things continue to get tighter and, and that that's, that's kind of here we, where We are. Well, I think what a lot of people are excited about with Trump is this possibility of change. The, the Elon Musk edition is one of 'em. Or RFK Junior's, another one. This idea of making America healthy again, removing additives from foods that have shown to be toxic. There are illegal in other countries. I mean, this is a, I think a significant issue that shouldn't be a partisan issue. This should be something that we all should be concerned with. Why do we have ingredients in our food that is illegal in a bunch of European countries because they found out that these things are dangerous.


I, I agree. Look, You know, go to McDonald's in, in like the uk You know, the, the french fries has three ingredients, right? Potato, salt, and I think maybe oil. Yeah. And then look at, look at what's in America's side on that. It's much different. I, Hey, I support that. But if anything, if, if anything, You know, more of, and I know, I know your city that we're in now, Austin has an amazing food kinds of scene. And, and again, You know, if anything more of the crunchy, more liberal side, were on part of the whole organic kinds of a thing and more impurity and things. I, I don't think that's an issue. And I, and I honestly, I don't think that that's gonna be the kind of mantle that somebody like, You know, RFK Jr. That's not his.


So I, I think having a more pure and safe and abundant kinds of food in, in our country, I absolutely support that. And, You know, I'm, I'm selective what I, what I feed, I feed my children. I mean, when we were, You know, when I was a kid it was like velv vita, You know, like, hey, now we have real cheese. Or did you ever have like ecto cooler, like that green like antifreeze kind of color of high sea and some of the kinds of foods that, that we had when I was a kid? That would be unthinkable kinds of now. And I think, I think the quality of our food and, and kinds of more impure, I think that's, that's been an ongoing conversation.


And organic can't become elitist. It can't be, it can't be too expensive. And, and I fully support making it more and more, more, more pure and more safe on that and more available. And that I would absolutely, I would celebrate if, if I could buy the same french fries that you get in the UK that it's like, I think there if you don't need more than three in ingredients. I have a buddy of mine who lives in Australia and he came over to America and he, he loves quarter pounders in Australia. 'cause he said Quarter pounders in Australia, it's grass fed meat that's just fried with cheese and a bun. And he said he got a quarter pounder over here. He is like, what the fuck is this?


He said, it tastes like shit. It was just, it was, was bland And it didn't taste, was It a royal with cheese, You Know, I don't know what they call it in Australia, but he said it's grass fed beef. You get like, You know, oh yeah. Well they're not even feeding their cows grain. Well, You know, a a lot of the, the, the grass fed beef in, in, in our nation are coming from Australia. I mean, Which is crazy. Yeah. That, that's, that's a fact. And I'm very pro, pro American rancher. Well, not only that, it's, it's really fucked up Because you could make it a product of America if you butcher it here. So if you import cattle from Australia, say, yeah, and, and then you bring it to America and then you cut it up and then package it because you've cut it up and packaged it, it's now a product of America.


So you could write that on the label. You know, I had Will Harris who runs White Oak pastures, which is a regenerative farm. And this guy spent 20 years and untold dollars changing an industrial farm that his family had and turning it into a regenerative farm. And in doing So, it provided people with a, a much more natural and healthy choice. And he's also done a great job of exposing I agree. These practices. Yeah. I mean grass, grass fed beef. I mean, I think that's, I think that's very, in some sense, I mean that's, that, that absolutely supports better health. I mean yeah, I was, I I followed e before he even appeared on your, on your podcast Sean Baker.


Yeah, yeah. You know, like carnivore and, and You know, even those kinds of insights helped me personally and allowed me to kind of drop some of, drop some weight through all those things. And it, You know, it's like, that's an important conversation too. It's like, You know, and but, but Democrats, some people will think that we're declared a war on, on hamburgers and, and beef, but we're definitely gonna lose that. They're gonna lose that if, if that really becomes part of that. Yeah. And, and I, I don't think that's democrats, I think that's very wealthy people that have a financial interest in feeding people fake meat. That's what I think it is. And I think they've captured the System. Oh, I, I, I said it, it it, it pains me to agree with, with DeSantis, You know, 'cause they passed the, You know, ban in that in Florida.


It, it, it pains me to agree with him, but it's like, I mean, I would never feed, I would never feed that slop to, to my kids when you can buy, You know, quality American grass fed American beef. Like, I mean that's, that's what I purchased that I use that at Costco. I buy the three pack of it and, and, and I, my my oldest son, he knows how to, to prepare like his own rib eye and, and You know, he's, You know, makes that a part of like a, I think it's like a healthy kinds of a diet. Yeah, for sure. What other issues do you think we should discuss before we wrap this up? Is there anything else that's on your mind that you think is significant that needs to be discussed?


Oh, well before you wrap up, I, I, I, well, I, I think we have a situation whether it's the situation on, on, on Israel or those, there's, there's a lot happening about the, the election right now. But, but it, it's really a strange place in our nation right now. But I promise you it's gonna be, depending on whenever people hear this conversation, our world's gonna be about to change. Or maybe it has changed And it, So I just hope though, I just hope though, that we're gonna be able to respond in a way for an oral kinds of transfer of power. And we are gonna be heading into a more peaceful and a more productive and collaborative kind of direction throughout that.


But we're an incredibly divisible place right now, and I, I just wanna be part of a conversation to make sure that, that we can be more constructive. But it's, right now we're kind of, it's, it's a difficult place right now and we're coming down to a coin toss election. Yeah, I agree. I hope we can all relax and work together cooperatively. Yeah. Yeah. Well, listen, man, thank you for being here. I really appreciate it. Thank you for taking the time to come here and talk. It's been great to get to know you and have a conversation with you. Oh, hey, well, hey, thank you for having, it's, it's, as a fan, it's great to kind of visit.


And so thanks for having me. So My pleasure. All right. Best of luck to you. Thank you. Alright, bye everybody.