
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day, Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. But it, but if you wanna sort of see like a, a, a vision of the future, it's like basically the, the, like the top 20 and the, or even the top a hundred is like totally dominated by China. Insane. Really? Yeah. This is like China and a little bit of Korea and Taiwan. So you in, are you in the top 20 in the world? Yeah. Or top 20 in Wow. In Diablo. Yeah. Yeah. Do you wanna tell everybody your handle? No, no. Don't tell 'em. Don't tell. It's not worth it. Well, They, they, they actually listed me with my actual name in the, in the list. Oh, did they really?


Yeah. Yeah. Oh, interesting. But yeah, there's only, there's only two Americans in the top 20. The rest, the rest. Almost everyone is a, from Asia. Otherwise, We were talking about something that I think is a really good, because people always think that video games are frivolous. But what, what you were saying, I think that's really important. Is it, it it's so difficult that it requires you to only think about that And it can like, relieve stress. Yeah. Because it can take out the rest of the world. 'cause it's so hard. Yeah. You can only think about that. Yeah. I mean, finally, if I play a video game on extreme difficulty, then I have to concentrate fully on the game. And it, it's, it has a calming effect. Yeah. It sort of chills down.


And I mean, you mentioned, I think, and, and many people, like if you play martial arts or you play pool Yes. Yes. Like, something that that forces you, it, it's like, I think any, anything that forces you to concentrate fully actually has a, has a calming effect. I find it just sort of like, kind of a, a mental, a restoring effect mentally. Yeah. It's like, it's good Jujitsu's like that. Yeah. Archery's like that as well. Yeah. Like when you're shooting a a bow, you have to, it's, there's so many moving things and you're trying, you have to think only of it. And it cleans the Mind. It cleans the mind. Yeah. Exactly. I was, I was reading this study about surgeons Yeah. Where they found that surgeons who regularly play video games make less errors.


Well, it's, I mean, video games require manual dexterity, so. Yeah. So it makes sense. Completely makes sense. I mean, actually, if somebody was like every good video games, I, I'd say like the, the surgical skills can be very good because in order to be good at video games, any kind of fast reaction video games, look At this. 32% fewer errors, 24% faster and scored 26% better overall than their non-player colleagues. Oh, I Believe that for sure. That's Incredible. Well then like that you should be required in medical school to play video games. I, I don't, you think if, if somebody is like top a top rank video game player and they say they're a surgeon, I'd be like, plus, plus one, plus two type of thing. Oh, top rank for sure. But this isn't even top rank. This is just people who play Well.


You, your manual dexterity has to be extremely high. Yes. So you, you're, you're looking at things on the screen. You've got, you're reacting and, and You know, sometimes you've got like 10 milliseconds to react. Yes. And, and, and so if somebody's got incredible reaction times, manual dexterity, they're obviously gonna be a good surgeon. Imagine if there was a course that you could take, right. That course would promote you would be 26% better. Yeah. Everyone would have to take that course. Sure. Why would you want a surgeon that's less prepared? You would say, Hey Bob, did you take this course? You didn't take this course. Don't you understand? This course makes you 26% better. Sure. You would have to take it. Everyone should have to play video games. Yeah. If you wanna be a surgeon. Well, I think it'd be, certainly would be a very good test to see if, if somebody can't play video games well, like, that means, I mean, 'cause you've gotta move both hands simultaneously.


Right. You've gotta react to something very fast then on the screen. So, and, and, and if, if your keystrokes or your mouse clicks or whatever are wrong, then you lose the game. Right. So if somebody's like, has a good rank in video games, I would say that they're manual necessarily. Their manual dexterity must be very, extremely good. Well, it's so hard. They find motor skills have to be excellent. If You think about like star craft or any, any game like quake, any game where a lot of people are playing Yeah. To rise to the top, you have to be exceptional. Period. Yeah. As a human being. Yeah. There's to be something exceptional about you. Yeah. Actually quake way, way back in the day, I was one of the world's best quake players. I know we talked about this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I Loved Quake.


Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I mean, my final semester in college, I probably put more time to quake than all my college classes. When I was on news radio, all of the writers were super nerds. Yeah. They were very, very fun guys. And they had a land set up at the studio where they all played quake. I had never played video games. Yeah. And I would go in with the writers and just kind of hang out with them. We'd get silly, and then we would, we'd all start playing video games and played quake against each other. Yeah. And I got addicted. Yeah. Like hardcore. I got like hardcore. I got a t one line installed in my house. Yeah. I went hardcore. Yeah, exactly. You're checking how many milliseconds of latency you have. Oh Yeah. I was, I was fully addicted. I was making my own computers. Yeah. I was going to fry hardware and buying motherboards. Yeah. And putting everything together and, You know, it was too much of a time.


Sucked though. Yeah. I'm an obsessive person. I can't get involved. Like, I can't play golf. No, it's too, golf is too slow for me. I mean, I know a lot of people find golf good. And I, I mean, I guess if you think of it, like, it's, I guess if you're saying you're gonna walk outdoors with friends Yes. And occasionally hit a ball then and, and you're just as an outdoor walk, then that's cool. And this required concentration when you hitting the ball. But it, it's, it's, it's a, it's, it's too slow for Me. Nothing compares to video games in terms of like, the amount of feedback you get. Yeah. Like the, the, the, the, the sensory overload you get when you're looking at a large high resolution screen. You have a fast computer. Yes. You have headphones on that you're hearing sounds from here and sounds behind you, and rockets are flying by you.


And it's, there's nothing like that. Yeah. But I think golf still is, like, Jamie will tell you, Jamie's an addict. He's a golf nut. It's super addictive And it takes like eight hours a day. It, it's, yes. Once you get into golf, I think, I guess any sport, it gets super predictive. So, but, but for me, the, the, the intent, the intensity of video games is a heartbeat. Yes. It's, and the people dismiss it because they think it's just a waste of time. But we're showing like, real world benefits. So people playing video games. Yeah. If you wanna be a drone operator, it's the only game in town. Yeah, absolutely. I mean, absolutely. Be really good at video games. Yeah, For sure. So in fact, I, I can actually tell like what my mental acuity is if I just play, if I play a very hard video game.


So if I'm trying to sort of get like a, an extremely good, clear time in Diablo or something like that, or, or, You know, a first person shooter or whatever case may be like, if I, I can tell that I'm tired or my, my brain's not working as well as it should. It's, it's like a, it's like a mental calibration. You can tell immediately. Like what is what, what, how, how good is your mental state. Right. Right. And, You know, so it's like, like if you're, if you're trying to play really well, like I just, if you play late at night and you're tired, you would just play badly. Right. And you can say, okay, you, you may thi you may think that your brain is working well, but it isn't. Yeah. Because you can run, you play the video game and you're like, you suck.


So, okay. Yeah. You're putting it under stress. Yeah. You're, you're really stress testing it. You stress Test it and Yeah, because like, sometimes like, oh, I think, I think I'm fine. But then play the game. Like, okay, I'm not, I might, I'm, I'm like 10% below what I Should be. That's how I feel about workouts for sure. Like, that's how I knew I had covid, or I knew everyone in my, my family had covid And it felt weaker, was trying to not get covid. And So I was working out, I was like, something's up. Like, I felt fine normally, but then during exercise I was like, okay, I can tell there's something wrong here. So let's like back off relax. Yeah. Yeah. It's like people who don't stress test their mind. They think they're operating on the same level all the time. Like, sometimes I come in here and I can't form a fucking sentence and I don't know what it is.


It's like, what is going on? So it's just Like, like sleep's not, maybe like, what sleep wasn't that good or something like that. Yeah. Something like that. Or I'm too busy. And it is just, it's not, the words aren't coming out. Like I know how to talk. Yeah. I talk professionally and I can't fucking talk. It's Like, I mean, sleep's huge. Is, is is massive. I mean, like huge. Yeah. So, if I can tell immediately did I get a good night's sleep or not. If I, if I just play like,


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Primeval is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks, you, US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals. With LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. E terms apply


Video game for like five minutes. Yeah. I'm like, okay, my sleep wasn't that good Because it, my, my, You know, and sometimes they don't. Your brain will recover through the day and it's like, okay, like an hour or two after waking up, it's better. Yeah. Because your brain does kind of recover from bad night's, sleep a little bit during the Day. Do You know what? It really helps. Creatine apparently. Does it? Yeah. Creatine is actually a neutropic believe it or not. There's a lot of like, benefits, a creatine that are really weird. Are there any downsides? No. No. You might as well have, it's the natural part of food. Yeah. Yeah. Especially women. For for women apparently, especially post-menopausal women, it's very beneficial. Okay. And it, there's, But there's a lot of like cognitive benefits. And one of the big ones that they found recently is performance when sleep deprived.


Huh. Okay. Mental performance when sleep deprived in pre increases pretty measurably. When you supplement with creatine, Is creatine naturally occurring in like steak or Yeah. It's like naturally occurring in meat, I think. I think that's where it's coming from. I think it's a primarily an animal based thing. Yeah. Yeah. But like, I, I did switch to like steak and eggs for breakfast and I found that's like a power up. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, we're all overrun with carbohydrates. Yeah, yeah. Totally. And you just like carbohydrates make this big crash. The rise in the crash. Yeah, totally. The rise in the crash, you stay flat If you eat like a, a primarily high protein, high fat diet. Yeah. Your body runs off ketosis essentially.


Yeah. I mean, I I, So I just have like steak and eggs. No, no bread or, or anything. Yeah. It's great. And it's great actually. It's a power up. I'd say People dismiss this whole carnivore diet thing because in our heads there's a lot of propagandists that put this thing out there that animal agriculture is the number one contributor to global warming. Yeah. It's, It's rubbish bullshit. It's not true Bullshit. It's hot bullshit. It doesn't matter. Not only is it hot bullshit, irrelevant, but the real problem is factory farming. Regenerative farming is carbon neutral. If it doesn't sequester carbon, The the, the animals are not gonna make any difference to global warming. They're none. No. It's worth it. Except as yours. Nothing. Do you think that that's just propaganda because of people that have a vested interest in like plant-based meat products and things along those lines?


Green energy. I think that's part of it. You know, the, you're generally gonna get people pushing to avoid meat. Like some people just, You know, yeah. Maybe they've got a financial interest. Maybe they're just like vegetarians or vegans or whatever. Ideological interests, ideological reasons. But I, it's not gonna make any difference to global warming or, You know, the CO2 concentration atmosphere. Really. If, if people eat pure steaks, it doesn't matter. It's irrelevant. Irrelevant. I wanna just be super clear about that. Yeah. And it will not matter. Will not even be able to measure it. Okay. That's how irrelevant it is. Isn't it funny that that's her Unmeasurable Irrelevant. That's a heretic speaking.


Like that's crazy talk Now nowadays it's like you have to say that we have to eat less meat. That meat is bad. No. Be Totally as much as you want. It's not gonna make a difference. Sing it. Sing it. Yes. Tell the World. Yeah. Absolutely. And if somebody says it does make a difference, I'm like, How are you measure it and if you can't even measure it, then it's bullshit. Yeah. Yeah. Literally. I won't be able to measure it. Well, there's so much bullshit out today. First of all. Yes. Bullshit in all directions. Thank you so much for buying Twitter. You are welcome. Thank you so much. You're welcome. I'm not exaggerating when I think you changed the course of history. I really do. I really think you, you made a fork in the road. We were headed down a path of censorship. Yeah. And of control of narratives That is unprecedented.


Forget about what they were able to do back when they had newspapers. Yeah. And the media under control the, what they were doing with social media by suppressing information. Yeah. And when you had a combined government effort, like with what they were doing with the laptop story. Yep. Well you have 51 former intelligence agents saying that this is Russian disinformation. Yes. Take it off offline. Yeah. And Twitter complied. Yeah. If, if you didn't buy that, we wouldn't have known that. We had no idea. Exactly. No. There, it's, I mean the, the, the reason I border is because I, I'm pretty attuned since I, I was like the most interacted with a user on Twitter before the acquisition. So before the acquisitions that I had more interactions that than, like, there's some accounts like Obama and whatever had a higher follow accounts, but I had the most number of interactions of, of any account in the system.


So I was very attuned to like, if, if, if they saw change, if they changed the system, I can tell immediately. Like, and I'm like, I'm like something weird is going on here. You know? Like Yeah. So there's like, I I just got increasingly uneasy. And obviously when, when they de platformed a setting president, You know, don't de de de platform Trump. It wasn, it wasn just insane. You know, and, and, and the things he was posting, like he was posting things that, that like he, he was posting good things. He was saying like, Hey, that we don't do not riot, don't, don't do any destruction of property. You know, please stay calm. Like that's the kind of stuff Yeah. He was posting. Yeah. And you're like, what's wrong with that?


That's, and, and then, then, then some people said like, oh, that's like some sort of dog whistle. He means the opposite. I'm like, okay, so we'll give you Trump's account now you, you post what you think you should post. 'cause he can post nothing. He can ask people to calm down. Like what? It was insane. Like It didn't make any sense. Well, It's completely illogical when you say it's dog whistling to tell his followers to not be violent. Yes. That's crazy And Crazy. That's crazy. Crazy. Don't you think they'll listen to him? Yeah. Isn't that the whole point? They listened to him and created violence in the first place. That's what you think. Exactly. That's what're exactly you're accusing him of. Right. And then there's the fact that we know that there was agents in the crowd that were agent provocateurs that were encouraging people to do illegal shit.


Yes. We know that for a fact. Yeah. This is not that It wasn always the big Alex Jones type tinfoil hack conspiracy theory. 'cause Alex proposed that back at the World Trade Organization protests, I believe were in Seattle in the nineties. And they sent in Agent Provocateur starts smashing things, lighting things on fire. Yeah. Now all of a sudden a peaceful protest is no longer peaceful. Right. They move in the cops, they shut everything down. They had it set up where it was a no protest zone where you couldn't even have a pin that had the WTO with a red line through it. They wouldn't let you go in through to go to work. So you couldn't pro you couldn't exercise your first Amendment rights. Yeah. You couldn't even like have a peaceful protest a fucking sticker on your car.


Right. You couldn't have that. It's crazy. It's crazy. So no, I think we're, we we're very much at a fork in the road in destiny. And, You know, So I, I mean the reason I, You know, did the Twitter acquisition was Like, It was like, man, if I don't do this, I think we're screwed is the issue. Well, if you didn't do it, no one else was gonna do it Because it wasn't a financial winner. It was kind of a crazy move. It's a crazy move. I mean the, the thing was way overpriced and You know, like long term, I think we can, we can ul ultimately make it a win for investors. But boy is this, this is a, this is a hard way to make a living. Well, there's also a concerted effort to suppress it.


There's a concerted effort to Yeah. With the advertisers. Well, we had, we, we had a, I still have a, a massive advertiser boycott it wasn organized by a bunch of left wing NGOs. Like, You know, and, and you, you always want, and I should have, I should have brought my, I I have a hat make all well fiction again. I've seen that hat. Yeah. I, I should have brought, I was gonna wear my, I should have brought my make oil fiction hat. But, but yeah, I mean, it's just totally, totally nuts. So If you didn't do it, no one would have, and here's the hilarious narrative that I keep hearing from idiots. Elon's a bad businessman, Twitter is worth, You know, 400% less than when he bought it.


No, it wasn't worth that in the first place. It wasn't worth that in the first place. It Wasn't worth $44 billion of fucking morons. Yes. Like wrong. And also you're not taking into account the advertiser boycott. Exactly. That's total bullshit. Yeah, exactly. So there are these organizations, like you can tell, there's like, they're like, like when they have an Orwellian name, so like the, like the Center for Countering Digital Hate Right. Is is a total scam organization, You know, 'cause they're like the Ministry of Truth type of thing. Yeah. In in Orwell. You know, they, they're like, they they're a censorship organization. Yeah. And they organized and, and they pushed the advertisers to boycott. So we still have like some of the boycott is, is, is starting to lift.


And I think if Trump wins, we'll we'll see, You know, probably a lot, most, most of the boycott lift. But if, if Kamala wins, we'll see that boycott gets stronger and, and they'll they'll frigging shut down. There's no way that, that the sort of Kamala Kamala public regime would allow X to exist. You really think that they'll be able to shut it down though? Yes. Is there a pathway to that? Yes. What would they do? Well, I mean, they can just, they can stick the DO oj on, on, You know, and say like, You know, they've had this whole thing about like hate speech, misinformation, whatever, except that they're, they're the ones pushing the misinformation. But that doesn't stop them from filing massive, You know, lawsuits and using the d oj I mean, like the DOJ is, You know, attacking SpaceX, for example, for not hiring asylum seekers, even though it is legal for SpaceX to hire anyone who's not a, a permanent resident of the us.


So I, we we're, we're damned if we do and damned if we don't. There's an example, just an example of what d OJ can do. So it's illegal to hire someone who's not an American citizen For SpaceX is considered an, an advanced weapons technology. So it's, it's covered by international traffic and ONS regulations because we, we make rocket technology that can be used against the United States. It's like if North North Korea, Iran got SpaceX rocket technology, they could use that to launch nuke at America. Right. That would be bad. Yeah. That'd be really bad. That'd be really bad. So, so we're, we're, since we are in like the most extreme category of weapons technology at SpaceX under US ITAR law, it is illegal for us to hire anyone who's not a permanent resident.


Because the presumption is that if they're not a permanent resident, they're, we're gonna return to their home country and take the rocket technology with them. So that's, and so, so it's illegal for us to hire anyone who's not a either has not, they can, they can be have a green card or be a citizen. They just have to be a permanent resident of the United States. Then there's another law that says if you, if you discriminate against asylum seekers, that's also, you're also breaking the law. So they, they just, so they, the d oj which the D-J-D-O-J can only do a small number of big lawsuits every year, launch a giant lawsuit against SpaceX saying that SpaceX discriminated against asylum seekers.


And we're like, but we're like, but it's illegal for us to hire anyone who's not a permanent resident. So we're in this, like, this is what I mean. It's like, oh, well, the oh well, situation is getting insane. Like, you're damned if you do and you're damned if you don't. So you're damned, Can you imagine history looking back, fucked up man at when you watch the robot arms catch the rocket and you realize like, this is like one of the greatest accomplishments in the history of aerospace. Like It is one of the most wildest accomplishments. Yeah. When you watch that thing come and you see all these people cheering And it catches it perfectly, like, holy shit, imagine how history is gonna look back at the DOJ going after that company.


Yeah. Sense how Insane It is. A big lawsuit with a, an army of lawyers. Like this was not like some minor thing, but It doesn't even make any sense. How could it even get brought to court if it's illegal? I, That's, that's exactly, so that's what I mean, like, like, like basically if the government wants to go after you, they'll just find a reason. You know, it's like that famous quote from Barry, You know, like, so like Stalin's, like chief torturer, the head of sta Stalin's secret police, and he is like chief torture, truly evil human being. Like this guy Barry, he, his his, one of his famous quotes was, show me the man, and I'll show you the crime. Right. They just, they just, they they like, they decided that you're the target and then they figure out the crime afterwards.


That's the issue. They decided SpaceX was the target. They just figured out the crime afterwards. Which is so crazy because that's exactly what they're saying Trump is going to do if he gets into office. They're doing all the things that they accuse Trump of doing. Yeah. Openly. Openly. Yeah. I mean the, the, the sheer number of hoaxes that the Democratic party is pushing over and over again, they, and, and it's like, look, I understand like politicians are going to, You know, exaggerate, they're gonna misspeak and they'll tell occasional, You know, untruths, whatever. That's, that's how it is in politics. But when you have deliberate concerted, repeated pushing of hoaxes, you're like, wait a second.


Like, come on man. This is too, this is too Far. And you're supposed to be the good guys. You're Supposed and you claim to be the good guys. I'm like Exactly. You're supposed to be the progressives. Yes. The dams are like, oh, we're the good guys, we're the honest people. No, no, hang on. You can't claim to be the good guys. You can't claim to be the honest people if you're deliberately post pushing hoaxes that have been debunked thoroughly. Yeah. Not just, Or like even Snopes, which is a liberal thing. Yeah. Says a bogus. Yeah. Like the fine people. Hoax Obama just said that on stage, just said that. I was like, what the flying fuck? He doesn't give a fuck. He doesn't give a fuck. They're just, they're just, that's going for A goddamn fucking life. Flat out lie. Flat out fucking lie. How about the other one where Kamala's campaign used what Trump was saying about protecting women and from illegal immigrants.


Thank you. You remember that? The, he Yeah. What he was saying is, if the women Like It or not, I'm gonna do it. Yeah. When he was saying that, they were trying to say that he was taking away women's right to choose Yes. Whether women Like It or not. Like that's not what he was saying. Absolutely. He was literally talking about protecting them from dangerous people that are sneaking in through the border. Yes, exactly. They'll take like, like not even a full sentence, like a half a sentence from Trump. Yes. And then, and then I'll push it on, on every ad, every, You know, every speaking event, every media. And It gets repeated on the news. Yes. This is what's crazy. They'll talk about it on these new shows. New shows. Yeah, exactly. I mean, I mean a recent one that, that came up, which had a lot of people, Because you, a lot of people reached out to me.


It was like, they're, they're like, oh, Trump says he wants to execute Liz Cheney. I'm like, that is utter bullshit. What He, it's not what he said at All. It's not what he said at all. He, he all he said was Like, It was like, what he is saying is that, look, if, if Liz Cheney ha actually had to fight at the front lines should think twice about going to war. Exactly. Like, it's easy to go, it's easy to go to war. It's easy to be a war monger if you don't have to, You know, risk dying at the front lines. Like if other, like, basically it's fucked up if, if people are having like, fancy dinners in Washington DC while people are being slaughtered in trenches, You know, it's like you're not feeling the pain.


Exactly. You're not taking the risk. It's someone else dying. Exactly. That. That's Like It, that's, that's cruel and lacking in empathy. And, and all Trump was saying was that it's like Liz Cheney would be much, Liz Cheney would be much less of a warmonger. 'cause she's a huge warmonger just like her dad, if she actually had, had to go to the front lines and fight herself. And meanwhile they're saying that he should, he's saying she should be shot. Yes. Which is a total lie. But I had like tons of people calling me this weekend Yeah. Saying, oh, Trump says he is gonna put Liz Cheney in a firing squad. I'm like, that is an outrageous lie. Yeah. And legacy media ran with that lie big time. Yeah. It's crazy. It's, it's just wild to see.


And if it wasn't for Twitter or X now, I don't think we would know about all this stuff. Yeah. I I think it would be very difficult for, I think YouTube throttle, they did something weird. They won't say what they did, but they did something weird with the Trump interview that I did. Yeah. Where you couldn't find it. It Doesn't make sense. Like, Like It made no sense. I mean, it's like the, it was like the biggest interview on earth. Yeah. And you can't find it. Yeah. Not only that, it wasn't trending. I'm like, bullshit. It wasn't trending, it wasn't trend trending. It wasn't trending. You know, like, like there's just no excuse for that man. No excuse. There's no excuse. It Was getting a million views. One point, what was it? 1.4 an hour at one point in time. 1.5.


1.5 an hour. Yeah. And it wasn't trending. Yeah. Like, And, And it, it's Like, It, it's like your channel is a known channel. It's not, it's not Like It was started yesterday. It's like, yeah. It's like this is a high trust. Yours is a high trust channel. It's like, like you're not trying to sell scam crypto coins or something, You know? So. Well, thank God we put it on X as well. Yeah. Yeah. Because I think just with your account and my account alone, it's like 70 million views. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Well, it's like you can't hide things anymore because of you. And if it wasn't for you, I think they would've had total control of social media by now. Yeah, that's true. They would've, they, they've banned so many accounts during the pandemic. So many dissenting scientists and doctors and physicians.


They banned so many conspiracy theorists, so many people that colored outside the lines. They would've done that everywhere. And it, it probably would've pa I think even at what's going on at Facebook, they're, they're being more lenient. You know, you hear Zuckerberg talking about taking a more libertarian stance. That's entirely reaction to the way Twitter has kind of moved the watermark. E Exactly. So as, as soon as, as soon as any company steps outta line and is willing to actually have the truth debated on their platform, it forces the other platforms to allow things to be more truthful to, to, to not censor because their censorship becomes ex glaringly obvious. Yes.


Yes. And You know, the, the, the best thing I found for as a rebuttal, like if somebody, if there's a hoax, is just go to the source material, You know? Right. If, if you think, if somebody saying thinks, You know, is, oh, You know, Trump said that, that we should put Liz Cheney in a firing squad. I'm like, let, let, let me send you a link to X so you can watch his video. That's the best way. Yes. It's, it's, it's, don't, don't take my opinion for it. Don't take anyone's opinion for it. Go to the source Material and Community notes. Yes. And Community Notes. Community is Awesome. Is the best. It's awesome. It's incredible. Yeah. Because everybody gets checked Yes. Including me. Yeah. And with community notes, the, all the software is open source and all the data is open source, so you can recreate any given note independently.


That's amazing. Yeah. That's how it's, that's how it should be. It's total Absolute transparency in every way. You know, sometimes I get, I get asked like, oh, y can you remove a note? You know, mostly by the lift, but sometimes by the right, I'm like, I'm like, I don't even remove, remove notes on my own account. Nothing. And, and, and by the way, everything is totally open. So if I did that, it would stick out like a sore thumb. Yeah. Immediately. Like, it's not gonna be subtle. That is the best counter to misinformation. Yes, absolutely. Yeah. Like, let everybody look at it and say, okay, here's what the actual facts said. Yes. Exactly. The the counter to misinformation is better information, Not just that, but having it checked in real time by the community. Yes. So you have millions of people that can go over it and debate whether or not this is true or That's true.


Yes. And, and just, and like I said, like the, the best way to understand the truth of things is don't take anyone's opinion for it. Look at the source material, You know? Yeah. So it's like, look at what someone actually said. Look at what someone actually did. Look at the real videos of the situation. And, and then you can actually, you'll know what's real. So as of today, when you were literally on your way here, you sent me this text saying that they're trying to lock you up in jail. Yeah. Pennsylvania. Yeah. Tell me what the fuck is happening. Well, You know, know there's the classic sort of so da situation. So we're, we're making a lot of progress in Pennsylvania. So I, You know, I've been to, I've, I've given a whole bunch of talks in throughout the, the, the state. 'cause Pennsylvania's the linchpin in this election.


You know, whoever wins Pennsylvania wins the election. So, So I've been giving to, and I spent three years in Pennsylvania. I went to college in, in Philadelphia. So, so it's not like I'm not a total, I'm not like total stranger to the state. You know, I spent three years there and, and, and, and we, You know, we, we, we, we organized this, we petition in support of the Constitution, which I think is a good thing. And, and specifically asking people to, and, and, and we wanted this to be like registered voters in swing states. Like basically we wanna send a message to the politicians to say that the people care about the constitution because there've been all these attacks on the Constitution.


They've been, especially on the Democrat side, they've been repeatedly saying that, that the, that the first amendment is an obstacle 'cause and, and they're claim, oh, the first amendment is, is, is enabling disin disinformation misinformation. And I'm like, yo, there's a reason for the First amendment, like freedom of speech. The reason they, the founders of the country put, You know, the freedom of speech there is because they came from countries where if, if you spoke your mind, you would get shot or imprisoned. That's why the First Amendment exists. And the second Amendment is there to stop the attorney of government. The second amendment, the right to be our arms is there to protect freedom of speech.


You know, You know, and I, I've had these debates, especially with people in LA 'cause that they're, they're like, wanna take one's guns away? And I'm like, yo, can you guarantee me that the government, that we will never have a tyrannical government in the, in the United States. Can you, can you make that guarantee? But like, well nobody can make that guarantee. I'm like, then we need to keep our guns. 'cause that's the, that's what's gonna stop it. That sounds crazy for people to hear because they think about gun violence Yeah. And gun problems and gunned this and gunned that. But that's the reality of the world that we live in, is that tyranny is possible And it exists other places. And it's slowly existing.


It's slowly rearing its head In the uk you're, you're saying, I I think the, the number of people that have been arrested for just social media posts is bananas. It's in the thousands. Yes. Several thousand people have been, have been given prison sentences. Sentences in the UK for social media posts that, where there was no explicit link to actual violence. But they just said it encouraged violence. We're like, well, did anyone actually do anything as a result of that media post? Well, no. But they, they're just, and, and then they have a prisoner overcrowding situation in the uk So that quite literally releasing convicted pedophiles and putting people in jail for Facebook posts.


That's an actual thing happening in Britain. That is so wild. Like it's, you're like, what? It's so wild that people can't Fuck what the fuck, You know, is going on. And what's insane to me make Orwell fiction again. Yeah. You know, But it's all being encouraged by the left Cji Brown Jackson. What? John Kerry. John Kerry. Clinton. Clinton. John Kerry was one of the people who said that he's on camera rec like a few weeks ago, saying that the First Amendment is a pro, is an obstacle to fighting misinformation. Yeah. That's crazy. That's such a crazy thing to say. When you have a solution in Community notes Yes. You have a solution. Exactly. And something that, that could clear everything up, any confusion within a day or two. And, and, and even without a community note, you can reply to a post and with, with evidence that, that, that shows that the post is wrong.


Yes. You don't even need community notes. I mean, community notes is helpful 'cause it sticks to the original note. Yes. But in the replies, you can say, here's why you're wrong. Here are the reasons and here's the evidence. But The argument is that people are too unsophisticated that they're not going to research these things. They're gonna be a victim of misinformation. So they're gonna read something that's incorrect. They're gonna run with it. People are gonna die. People are gonna, we're gonna ruin the world because people believed in misinformation. It's a stupid argument. It's a stupid argument. Because it's an argument that they're too dumb to know what's right or wrong. Yes. Well, you, if You know, 'cause you're saying it's misinformation. Why do you think that you're smarter than everybody who reads that? Exactly. And and obviously anyone on on the X system knows that things were posted and then there are replies and there are rebuttals And it, it's immediately corrected.


But where are the corrections for the legacy media? Right. You know, when, when, if, You know, some broadcast media pop, they, they, they, they, they say false things all the time, but it's a one-way street. There's no rebuttal. Right. There's no counter. Right. You know? Right. There's who's apologized for being incorrect about what did Rachel Maddow ever apologize for? Telling everybody that if you get the Covid vaccine, you're never gonna get covid. It won't, the virus stops with you. Right. No, never. Never. Yeah. No one ever. It's just, it was not true at the time. There was no evidence to support it at the time. It's pure propaganda. And she said it, the Russiagate hoax, the, the first three fucking years, they said that he was Putin's toy. Yes. And that Putin had him compromised the steel dossier.


Steel Dossier was completely fabricated by a lawyer at Perkins Koi who, who was paid by the Clinton campaign. Literally crazy. And still, people think the Russia hoax is real And there's no repercussions. Yes. There's no one had to apologize. Hillary Clinton never came out and apologized for that. Yeah. And people still listen to her. The whole thing's crazy. Yeah. And it's all coming from the left, which growing up as a a person who was in the left my whole life, it doesn't make any fucking sense. Same. I mean, I, I I, I even, I, I was on the left until like three years ago. Like, I, I mean, You know, it's Not the left anymore. It's Not the left anymore. It, it just like, I think we obviously want, I mean, I, I I believe like we want freedom.


Like, like we want, we wanna maximize post personal liberty. I think we want, we wanna be kind to people, You know, we want to have empathy and, but, but it's very important to have personal freedom and a merit-based society. And the left is, is wants to oppress your freedoms, especially freedom of speech. And they want to, they want to have a non-BAR based society, You know, with race-based and sex, race preferences. And it wass like, well wait a second. No. We, we just want people to succeed based on their skills and their hard work. And if they don't want people to express themselves about particular issues, then they're not doing the will of the people. And if they're trying to suppress people's ability to communicate, they're only doing that because they want to do things that people don't want them to do.


Yes. And they wanna silence opposition. That's all it is. And the fact that people can't see that and they wanna call Trump a fascist well's, the whole thing is the whole thing Just, it's just Through the looking glass. It's just, I mean, it's like one hoax after another that, that they're perpetrating against Trump. I mean, like, they try to call the, the rally at Madison Square Gardens like a Nazi rally. I'm like, yo, there was like literally an Israeli flag in the audience. I think like a quarter of the speakers were Jewish. Like there was like, there were people of every race, color, creed, religion at that, at that rally. Like, tell me what about that as Nazi. No, It's, and yet it was portrayed as a Nazi rally. Well, M-S-N-B-C, they, they literally showed video of the Nazi rally from 1930s and then compared it to the Trump rally.


Now ignoring the fact that fucking Jimmy Carter spoke there, there, There, there have been dozens of political rallies at Madison Square Gardens, dozens on the, on the Democrat side. Like people and people on were like, and here's exactly, here's Jimmy Carter and here's, You Know, at a Nazi rally Clinton, And here's, wait a second, actually, it looks like every presidential candidate has done a, on the Democrat side, has done a rally. Madison Square Gardens, are they Nazis too? But what they're doing is they're preying on low information voters who aren't engaged actively on social media, who don't have the time to look through everything and Exactly. Yeah. Like people are living, if people are just on looking at legacy mainstream media, then they have a totally different worldview than if they're on X and, and seeing the, the actual flow of argument.


Yes. And the actual evidence. Well what was the pushback? Like what happened when you guys released the Twitter files? 'cause I think the Twitter files is probably one of the most important things in this age of information for understanding the influence that government has on social media and, and on discourse. Because when, when we found out that it wasn the case that the government was actually asking Twitter to remove posts that were factual Yeah. All the time. They did, they did the same thing to Facebook. They had them throttle pieces of one of Tucker Carlson's show they, they suppressed the views by 50% Yeah. Of factual information. Yeah. No, that there was, there was massive government interference in Twitter. But, but like Twitter welcomed it. That's important to all.


Twitter welcomed it. I mean t all Twitter was controlled by, by far left activists. Yeah. So, and, and they, they welcomed the government interference the go, they got paid by the government for it. That's crazy. Yes. They got paid for their time. Correct. Yeah. They got paid millions of dollars for, for suppressing information. So It's like bill Time and, and a bunch of it was like flat illegal, like the F fbi. I had this like this, this this sort of magic portal into the Twitter system. And, and, but all of the communication in that sort of, in this portal was auto deleted after two weeks, which breaks federal FOIA laws. So we didn't even know what was said Because it was all deleted after two weeks.


That's insane. Yeah. That's so crazy. It's so crazy that people thought that it wasn. Okay. It's not super not okay. No, it's super not okay. It's unconstitutional. And no one would want that. No one would want the government to have that kind of access. Exactly. And what was the blowback like when all that stuff got released? Like you had to anticipate that there was gonna be problems when you, when you released that? Like what was, what happened? Well, we got a lot of, we, we did lose a lot of advertising dollars. And Which is crazy Because it iss essentially like one of the most important forms of journalism Yes. Is exposing government corruption. Yes.


I mean, this is the weird, weird thing. It's like the left used to be big, big on exposing government corruption. But now, but once they control the government, they no longer want to expose the government corruption. Right. They wanna pretend that the left wing government's incapable Yes. Of corruption. Yes. 'cause we're on the good side. I, I think it may just like, You know, whoever's in power kind of doesn't want the, You know, the other side hurt. 'cause as you pointed out, like the left historically up until, I don't know, maybe even 10 years ago or something like that was the free speech party and now it's the anti-free speech party. And they just, they, they use, they use words like, like, oh well we have to be against hate speech and misinformation, disinformation, but these are propaganda words.


You know, it's like, well, who's defining hate speech? Who's defining misinformation? The government? Do you really trust the government to make that definition? The whole point of the, of the first amendment is like, do not trust the government. Well, especially when they're wrong. Yes. No surprise. And there's no repercussions. Yes. Yeah. Like with the whole lab leak theory, if you could, you would get kicked off of YouTube if you even presented this argument that hey, maybe that coronavirus lab where they're doing work on the exact same virus that got released. Yep. Hey, maybe that's where it came from since that's where the virus started. What do you think guys? Yeah. They kick you right off of YouTube.


Yeah. Yes. Exactly. It's like, do you think maybe the, it could have come from a place called the novel Coronavirus Research Institute, Like that John Stewart bit that he did on Colbert. Do you think it wasn amazing? Its like, what does it say on the door again? Can I see your business card? And to see Colbert like resisting it with every fiber of his, Like, what's gonna happen to us? You know, he Was totally cock blocking the bit to the point where John Stewart got off his chair and started walking around to try to, it wasn Wild man. Take Control it wasn. Yeah. Good On John. And then the left tried to cancel John Stewart. Of course. Yeah. Meanwhile he was right. He's right. And no apologies. Yeah. No apologies. Yeah. And You know, the whole fauci thing.


Yeah. Like any criticism of fauci, it's like anti-science. I s a freaking demon if you ask me anti, If you read RF K's book. Yeah. If the real Anthony Fauci, if that's correct. If the facts are in there That's true. It's all referenced. Yeah. You could find the sources. And on top of it, he's never been sued for that book. Exactly. Yeah. Which doesn't make any sense. Exactly. If he just made a bunch of lies up, he would get sued. Yes. So the guy's a monster. I think so. Yeah, I think so too. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think like, just looking at the lies that he told, the way he tried to define gain of function research to Rand Paul, But he, I think a lot of, maybe a lot of people out there don't realize fauci funded the, the, the, the bio weapons research, it wasn going on in in Wuhan.


And he, he bank shot it off. Like he can't send the money directly to China. He just bank shot it off EcoHealth. Right. Just this like fake nonprofit Right. In the us and they sent it to Wuhan And Obama put the skids on that. He stopped that in 2014. Yes. I mean, so, You know, to, to give Obama, throw Obama give Obama some credit. He actually was like looking at this and say, Hey, this is crazy. And, and we, we need, and he, so he, he actually did stop the, the like, like the so-called gain of function. Again, a propaganda word because what is the function they're talking about death. Right, Right, Right. So if you, if you, if it, if, if you actually use the right word, this is gain of function is death maximization.


Right. Then you're like, oh, oh, hey guys, should we find bio weapon research into death maximization? 'cause that's what gain of function means. Yeah. It Means that's the Function. Yes. Making a disease so that people can get it. Give it to people. Yeah. And by the way, Just, what's that function again? Oh, the function is death. Oh, okay. So just call it a death maximizing virus. Insane if you are. That's insane. Doing Research on that. And the idea behind this research is so that we can cure these things. How come you don't have a fucking cure? Start with a start with a cure. Cure first, disease second. It doesn't make any sense. Like you guys had no strategy Yeah. For dealing with it if it got out. And so you have to like make up this, this new vaccine in like record time operation, warp speed, release it to the people with very little testing.


Fucking crazy. Yeah. It was crazy. The whole thing's crazy. And it, everybody just went une with Its Looney Tunes next level. Well it's, the psyop was fascinating to watch people step in line. That's Like one of the biggest s of all Time. Of all time of all time of all time. And everybody got in line. And when you take it back to when pharmaceutical drug companies were able to advertise on media in the 1990s, that changed everything. Yeah. We're one of two countries in the whole world that allows this. Yeah. And because of that, because we don't have socialized medicine, it's a complete profit scam. And they went hard claiming all sorts of things that were never researched. All sorts of things are not supported by data. Like the fact that it would stop transmission, the fact that it would stop infection.


Right. The fact that it was safe for pregnant women, the fact that it was safe for children, all of its bullshit. Yes. And they pushed it on the whole world. And if you didn't say that at a cocktail party, you were a pariah. Yes. And you were an anti-vaxxer. It was totally psycho. It was like being a holocaust scenario. You get kicked out of polite society. Exactly. Fucking Bananas. And, and, and I should say like I, I'm actually generally pro-vaccine overall, You know, I think we should look at these things that, that, that, but that, but I, I believe in the scientific method. Yes. So, so you, you, you have a blanket except anything you have a blanket except that any, any given medication or any given treatment is, is, is 100% good. You should always view it with some skepticism.


So Especially when you're getting the data from pharmaceutical drug companies that have like a long history of criminal women Got a vested interest Conduct. Yes. Because they, they, they've got a vested interest in the research. It, it's sort of like asking tobacco companies about, You know, whether smoking right. Is dangerous, You know, it's exactly The same Thing. Oh my God. According to our scientists, everything's fine. Yeah. They Lied in court forever. The same thing they did with Oxycontin when they said that it wasn't addictive. Like they have a long history of being full of shit if it makes them money. Yes. And that's what they do. Yes. That's their Business. They've literally lost multi-billion dollar lawsuits Yeah. In this massive, As of they're in the, you have amazing scientists, right. You have these clinical researchers, these people that develop these incredible drugs and they, this is their job.


Their job is to figure out some new way to cure something. Yeah. Some new way to stop things. And then you have the money people. Sure. And the problem is when you have this one thing that you would assume they're only doing it to help people and then they have this other faction that they're just numbers people. Yep. And all they give a fuck about is maximizing profits. Yeah. And making sure they literally have a, an obligation to their shareholders. Yeah. They have to make the most amount of money possible. And so they just wanna push it on everybody regardless. Like the Vox scandal, there's internal emails showing they knew there was gonna be cardiovascular events. People were gonna get strokes. Yeah. And they're like, I think we're still going to do well. And they did. They made like $12 billion.


They got fined seven and 50 to 60,000 people died. Holy shit. Yeah. One of 'em was a friend of mine got a stroke and died. Yeah. No, he didn't die. Okay. He lived, but he, he was a really healthy guy, But he was psyched. Not the same afterwards, Had had knee problems and he took Vioxx and all of a sudden he was slurring his words and he couldn't concentrate. And people are like, holy shit, I think you're having a fucking stroke. And they took him to the hospital and then, then you have this giant class action lawsuit and then Vioxx gets pulled from the market and they get sued and the whole thing's fucking crazy. But there's a long history of this, I think What did, what is the number like one third of the drugs that the FDA approves gets pulled? It's fucking bananas. That is crazy. That's crazy.


You're shitty at one third of the things that you say are okay, but yet you're trying to stop MDMA therapy for veterans. Yeah. They should let M-D-D-M-A through honestly that think that would actually help a lot of people. It Would help a lot of people. It would help a lot of people. There's a lot of different therapies. Specifically s psilocybin Iboga. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The fact you have to go to Mexico to get ibogaine therapy for veterans. So many guys I've talked to have gone over there. Yeah. And it's like completely giving them a, a clean slate. Yeah. Refreshed their mind and totally new perspective on life alleviated depression. Cured addictions. Yeah. Illegal. Yeah. Illegal Oxycontin. Go get it. Yeah.


And I know some people who like their, their life was ruined by Oxycontin, You know? Oh Yeah. Because I mean, it, it, it really depends on, on, You know, somebody in individual biochemistry, like, to me, like, like opioids are not addictive to me. Like I, You know, I've had 'em when I've had operations or something and they, they, they, they're, they, they barely affect the, my pain level and they make me like itchy and uncomfortable. They make me stupid. Yeah, they, exactly. But, but I'm like, so, so like, like I could never get addicted to alcohol or, or opioids. It's just impossible. Like It, because my biochemistry just does not have like, but I love tasty food. Feel like, You know. Yeah. You know, if, if, if there's, I'm addicted to tasty food Sure.


But like, there, there's a can be like, I have a whole wall of wall of alcohol. It's there for decoration. Yeah. I haven't done shit. Basically. I feel the same way. I, I could easily quit alcohol. Yeah. I mean, I'll go weeks without having a drink, And it doesn't bother me at all. But I know some people, they have one drink and they're off to the races. Exactly. And that's the difference in the, the biochemical differences that we all have. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think that's the case with a lot of addictions. I'm not addicted to gambling, but I get it. Yeah. I see it. I've seen it in people, but I'm, I'm, I have this aversion to things that I know are gonna ruin my life. I, I've, I see. That's why I've never tried cocaine. Yeah. I just saw too many people that it looks too fun. I'm like, I don't want to get Involved. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I think generally for any given drug, legal or illegal, you could, the question is, can you complete the following sentence, blank made me a better person Meth.


Like, I've never heard anyone say meth made them a better person or cocaine made them a better person. No. Ever Made a lot of soldiers better. I think that's, Yeah. If, I mean, if you're doing, but if, if you, if you're like, if, if your soldiers need to march for three days in a row. Yeah, it does. It's really good for Effective at that, You know, You know, people give like France a hard time about, You know, capitulating in World War ii. But, but You know, what's, what's worse than the Nazis? Nazis on meth? Meth up Nazis. They're, they're not stopping Norman ler. They'll Have like six bullets. They're like, they're they're still coming. That Book over there. Blitzed is all about the use of methamphetamines.


Yeah. And the different drugs that they gave their soldiers. Yeah. The guys at the front of the line, they gave the most meth. Yes. They have different dosages. Yeah. I I mean, you, you just basically think you're on vulnerable on meth. And so, so it's one thing. Be like, so it's one thing be, You know, have have like the be Nazis come after you, but Nazis on meth. You're like, holy shit, those fuckers are not stopping me For three days. They're not stopping. It's so crazy. Yeah. Yeah. That's not a, a statement. Meth made me a better person that you hear very often. I've never heard that before. Now you hear a lot of, like, psilocybin advocates. You hear a lot of people that talk about psychedelics. I Exactly. I've, I've actually heard many people say that LSD or, or You know, mushrooms or MDMA made them a better person.


Yes. Many people. Yeah. So that's why I'm like, I think a rule for the FDA should be like, Hey, look, if you can complete the sentence legal or legal, that blank made you a better person actually. Yes. Then, then you got a good drug. And if you, if you can't, you got a bad drug. Also, if there's drugs that are available right now that can absolutely ruin people's lives. This, the, the rationalization for stopping other drugs that might ruin people's lives, but also can help a lot of people's lives. It doesn't make any sense. Right. You're, you're, you ba it's basically the same thing as censorship. You're taking away people's ability to discern what's true and not true. Yes. And you're taking away people's ability to discern what's good for you and not good for you. And the way to find that out is to have as much information as possible.


Exactly. So to do research. Yes. And actually to have unbiased, actual objective observers who are looking at all this stuff. They give you real data. Yes. And the opposite of that, or the counter that is like, if you don't do that, you're empowering cartels. Yes. That's the whole reason why they have all that money. It's because it's illegal to sell these drugs in America. The demand is never going away. So instead of like limiting the amount of drugs, now you've got toxic drugs 'cause fentanyl and all this other shit has been because they're not pure. So you're just killing people. You're not saving anybody. Right. By protecting them from themselves. True. But it's a tricky situation.


'cause what do you do? Like, if you just like say, okay, now everyone can sell all these people that have been selling boner pills. Now you can sell meth. Like holy shit. You get, you get the, you get the, the, the, the, the double combo where the Viagra, it's a Viagra and a meth. Right. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Oh my God. Oh my God. Well, I mean, how many people are already doing that right now with Adderall? No, a Bunch people are doing that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. There's a lot of people out there that are essentially on meth. Yeah. Especially people that abuse Adderall. Yeah. They're basically amphetamine up all day long. Adderall is low grade amphetamine. Yeah. So the, and like I have actually seen people like become much worse.


People if they take too much Adderall, like much worse, You know, it's, it's like an anger amplifier. So they're now, now I'm not saying like Adderall is something like where there's, there are pluses and minuses. It's not a clear cut issue. Right. It does help some people a great deal. And, but, but in, in higher doses, man, that, that stuff I've seen people turn into just raging monsters on, on high doses of Adderall. Just they're the, the They're just angry, like extremely angry all the time. Yeah. They're methed up. Yeah. That's what happens if you take meth. It's crazy. You turn it like meth turns you into a frigging rage demon. And so m Like so many prescriptions, And I'm like, Jesus, We, we Googled that one year.


There was like 39 million prescriptions for Adderall in this country. Oh yeah. Yeah. And it, like, once in a while there's like an Adderall shortage and like, there's like watch widespread panic, You know, and then What do people do? And then it's the same thing as like, when they tried to like limit the amount of Oxycontin. Well, people go to street heroin and if you're addicted to Adderall and your dealer, the guy who sells you weed is like, Hey man, I can get you like, like low grade meth. Like the stuff the Nazis took. Well they, they had I grade meth actually. They had pharmaceutical grade. It was, they had epic, they meth. It was like made by the, like, pharmaceutical grade math is gonna be, if like, there's this, I mean there's, I mean, just look at the freaking online Wikipedia page. But there's like many different versions of math.


Like not all the same. And, and they have different effects. So, but, but like pharmaceutical grade, pure math, you are gonna be Oh my God, Super Productive. Super productive for a certain period of time and, and you're not gonna sleep for a while. And, and, and then you, you'll you'll have some anger management issues. So like, like they actually, the, the Nazis, they did actually the go roll back how much meth they were using because they had, they had quite a few incidents of, of the, of the soldiers killing their officer because they were on too much meth. Jesus Christ. They would, yeah.


So they would shoot that to many officer got flagged by the, by the, You know, the, the, their platoon. It wasn on too much meth. 'cause they, that happened quite a few times. Like you just, when when someone's on a lot of meth, they're, they're, they, they're, they're very, they can get very angry. Did you Ever pay attention to when John McAfee was cooking meth in a lab in his backyard? I mean, Mace's quite a character. He was a character. Character meth. We had him on the podcast when he was on the run. So he called in from an undisclosed location. Yeah. When he was running from, where was he? Costa Rica? Is that where he was? Belize. Belize. Right. So when he was running from the authorities.


Yeah. He called in and we had him on the podcast on the run. And I was asking him about these posts. Like, 'cause there was an online account, it wasn linked to him where he had this very detailed laboratory, like super sophisticated, making the best meth. Like a super genius. Yeah. Cooking meth. I mean, I think he like had, like, he had this lab, like he was making like a wide range of drugs. And there was like, I, I talked to actually like a, a reporter who, who went down and like, interviewed him in Belize. And, and poor said, man, that's one of the scariest things.


He's, he, like, he, he was, he was quite terrified. So like, one of the things I ka had, he had I guess this trick where he would, he would play Russian roulette with himself. So, so he'd put a bullet in, in the revolver and they'd spin the, spin the chamber. And clearly he had like some like trick to, You know, know that it was not, there's some, You know, way that he knows it's not the right bullet. But I, but I do wonder, like if if McAfee's high and he does that, he's not always gonna get the trick. Right. You know? Did you Show he had a trick? Or maybe he Was just Yeah, no. So Yeah. Yeah. So, so he, so according to this reporter when, when he went to visit McAfee in Belize, McAfee took out the revolver, put a, put a, a bullet in the revolver, spun the chamber, and then pointed at his head and went click.


And the reporter's like saying, please don't do this. Like, this is insane. Click, click, click. And then pointed the gun at the ground. And Nicks went click bang and shot a bullet in the ground. Jesus. That's a hell of a potty trick. Jesus. It wasn the next level of potty Trick. That's guy. I've seen the deer hunter too many times. Yes. Remember that scene? Yes. Where they were forcing? Yes. Yeah. Woo. That's a heavy scene. It wasn a heavy scene. De Niro and Christopher Walken. That's one of the greatest scenes in any movie ever. I remember watching that scene just like clawing at my pants. Like, ah, It Wasn McAfee was a wild boy. Wild. And, You know, created brilliant antivirus software. Yeah.


Yeah. He may have made some of the viruses too. You think So? It, it's possible. Well, didn't he like, give laptops to a bunch of government organizations with Viruses on Them? Yeah. Yeah. So that he could, like he totally talk what they were doing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I I wouldn't be surprised if somebody whacked that guy. I don't know what happened to him, but I, he would be a guy that would be like, this guy is a little bit too loose And probably had sensitive information. I don't know for sure. He did. I mean, I, I found out to be an interesting guy. I mean, like, I'm generally like feel like, like if somebody's not harming someone else, they should be Okay. Now. Now there is some suggestion that McAfee like killed his neighbor in Belize.


Yeah. He's so, probably did, maybe the neighbor was a Douche bag. I think he probably did. Seems like he probably did. Seems like the neighbor killed, killed his dog. Yes. Right. And then it seems like he killed the neighbor. Yeah. Allegedly. Yeah. I mean, It seems, it seems likely It's not a zero possibility. It's not, definitely not a zero. It's, he's mapped up. He's more likely than not, he's A mapped up wild man playing Russian roulette. Maybe you kill your fucking neighbor. Yes. I mean, if somebody killed your dog, you'd be really inclined to kill them too. Yeah. Somebody killed your squirrel. Yeah. John John Wick. Yeah. The fucking squirrel thing is bananas. Yeah. That squirrel thing in New York. It's the squirrel thing. I, i see, here's the thing about the, the, the whole squirrel thing is, is that how, how can it be that we live in America, supposedly land of the free and the, You know, the government can barge into your home with guns.


So if you resist, you're gonna get shot and then take your, your pets and execute them. And if they can do that to your pets, what do you think they can do to, You Know, it's not an exaggeration. Absolutely. So it sounds like you're, you're all that's so crazy. How can you make that connection? But it's, that's, no, it's, it's a Why would you kill that cute little squirrel? It wasn obviously a pet and trained from the time it was a baby. Yeah. If you see the interaction that guy has with that squirrel, it was wonderful. It was really cute. Yes, absolutely. There, there's, it was just obviously a, it was a beloved petrol pet squirrel and raccoon too. And during no harm.


And the, the government comes in, barges into the guy's house, takes his pets and kills them. And, You know, I I think this should, this should really get people out there mobilized, frankly. Because You know, when you think, you see that like the John Wick movie where John Wick's like, You know, he, he, he wants to, he just wants peace. Like, You know, in, in the, in the John Wick movie, he just wants, he is like, listen, I wanna retire. And they offer him like tons of money, like to, 'cause they want him to be an assassin, to keep being an assassin. Like they, they're like, they, they like offer him tons of money. They threaten him. He is like, listen, I'm not gonna be, I'm, I'm, I'm out. You know? And they kill his dog. It wasn a bad idea.


It Wasn a really, they Kill a cute little puppy. And the puppy was his ex-wife's gift to him when she died of cancer. Yeah. Great movie. Great movie. The best revenge movie of all time. Yeah. Because it's so ridiculous. He kills everybody. Yeah. It kills everyone. And You're rooting for him. Yeah. They shouldn't have killed his dog. Yeah. They fucked up. And they shouldn't have killed that squirrel. They shouldn't have killed that fucking, that squirrel. I mean, it's like, how many, how many cases have we not heard about? You know? Aw, look at that little guy. And that squirrel clearly had a love relationship with that guy. He would hop all over him and climb on him.


I mean, it was, it wasn his pet that, that squirrel thought of that man as his protector, as his his companion. Yes. You know, there was nothing wrong with that. And in Texas it's totally legal. You could have a fucking zebra out here. You could have whatever you want. And that's the argument for freedom. And You know, the flip side is you get a bunch of people with tigers in their backyard, which is not great. I mean, it's like This was a fucking squirrel. Right. It's not, it's not an ana kondo or a Right. Or, or, or, You know, You know, crocodile or, or something that's going hard Or a chimpanzee. Did you see chimp crazy? Oh man, Chi, chi chi, chimps, chimps, chimps will eat your face. Okay. They will fuck you up. They will fuck you up. And they don't even, the thing is they don't even kill you.


They just cripple you. Chimps don't even kill people. Yeah. Which is really weird. They just bite your hands off and bite your dick off and tear your face apart. Yes. They wanna leave you. They could kill you easily if a chimp wanted to just punch you in the head until you're dead, it wouldn't take long. But they don't kill you. They just rip you apart. Yeah. And You can have a chimp. And so, well, it used to be able to have a chimp in a lot of states, and then chimp crazy kind of exposed a lot of that. And Peter did a great job of stopping people from keeping chimps as pets because once they hit like five Yeah. You can't control 'em anymore. Well, It's obviously totally understandable if somebody's got, You know, a creature that is dangerous to others. Right. But like, obviously a s a squirrel in a raccoon or not. Well, Squirrels are fucking everywhere.


That's what's so crazy. Why can't you have it in the house? What kind of rules are we dealing with? You have rats everywhere. Yeah. I mean they're, they're, they're allowing criminals to go free and, and like violent criminals to go free, but they're like spending your tax dollars to come in and execute your fucking pets. What the hell is going on? Exactly. Exactly. And, and it's Like, It, But it's overreach. It's, It's, it's, it's, it's, it's government overreach. And, and this just keeps getting worse every year. And that's why, that's why we, we, we've, we've gotta, we've gotta fight back against this. And, You know, it's, people say like, well, it's just a squirrel. Well, it was, it was, You know, John Wick's case was just a doc.


Right? Yeah. You know, But well, remember the Russian guy said, it's a fucking dog. It's just a fucking dog. Yeah. Just a fucking squirrel. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's the, the funniest thing is when, So it just, I just don't understand how anybody could justify it. I don't understand how anybody Like It, it seems to me that in a logical world, all that guy would've to do is say, why don't you see me with this squirrel? This squirrel's a pet. Yeah. Like, look, he hops on me. He eats, he sleeps. I can keep a gerbil, but I can't keep a squirrel. I can have a Guinea pig. I can't have a squirrel. I can have a chinchilla. My daughter has a chinchilla. It's adorable. Adorable. Little thing climbs all over. Right. Can't a squirrel, Even if they, if they did take a squirrel away, couldn't they have released it into the woods or something?


Well, it's a bit, the idea is you have to euthanize it because it's used to being fed. It doesn't know how to forage. It won't be able to like find a home. Squirrels are brutal Chance. Squirrels are absolutely brutal to each other. They throw each other outta trees, which is one of the reasons why squirrels like, can fall from like 30 feet and just kind of bounce off the ground and live. It's like, it's a, a natural adaptation because squirrels during mating, they bite each other. They, they used to be like a rumor. There was a, a myth that squirrels bite each other's nuts off. Okay. That, that seems to be a myth. But it came out of the fact that squirrels are so ruthless during mating. So like, one female is just running away.


I have squirrels in my backyard. I watch it all the time. One female apparently goes into estu and all the male squirrels fight to get to her. So they're running up trees and chasing each other around trees, literally throwing each other off trees to try to like, ha So if this poor little peanut, the squirrel who's used to living with a guy in an apartment, like gets out there in the, the wild world. Well, fair Enough. But at least you have a chance. Yeah. At least you has a chance. But unless you have a chance, how about just leave him with the guy. Yeah. Leave him with the guy. For sure. What the fuck is wrong with you? Why are you killing that squirrel? It doesn't make any sense. Yeah. And then to add insult to injury, there were a bunch of people on the left who were like actually posting that they're glad that maga squirrel got killed, which is fucking Maga squirrel. Yeah. Like the fucking squirrel has an ideology.


It's a cute little, It is a fucking little fluffy squirrel. Exactly. Well, it's, it's a, So I a nice symbol because most li most like reasonable, compassionate people think that's terrible. And most people who have pets Yeah, exactly. Think it's terrible, terrible. So I don't know. I mean, I'm like, I hope people just go out there and vote for peanut man if nothing else. If nothing else just vote. You vote for peanut. You Know, they've done such a job of painting Trump as a monster. You know, they've taken the worst things that he's ever said an amp and he's not a perfect person. But guess what? No one's a perfect person. They don't exist this purity test. Like if Obama was a perfect person, he wouldn't be lying on stage about that. Yeah, exactly. That, You know, very fine people hoax the, there's exactly, no one's gonna be a perfect person.


But the thing that they didn't understand about Trump is he's so crazy that if you tell him like, he can't be president, like, remember Obama did that during that White House press correspondence. You know, I, there's one thing that I'm, that I am that you'll never be president of the United States. You see Trump in the ons going, okay, motherfucker. Like, You know, funny thing is, I was actually at that White House correspondence dinner where, You know, it's supposed to be a roast of the president, right? Trump's there, he's there, he's actually supporting, You know, he is basically, if you go to the, the, the, the white correspondence center, you're there in support actually of the president and support of the press. Right. And it's meant to be that you're roasting the president.


Like Trump's just there, he's like, actually, You know, just, he's like there as part of the support. And then they, they turned it around and just started roasting Trump. And he's just sitting there. I'm like, he's like, yo, I just came to the dinner. I wasn't, I'm just here to support, You know, We know what it was because of Right. The birther stuff. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it all was. It was all, Trump was at the head of a lot of these people spreading this rumor online that Obama's birth certificate was forged. Then he's actually from Kenya. And what's weird is, if you go back to Obama's early days, there are some things that say he's from Kenya, like the, I think in his co something from college that he was from Kenya.


But You know, that could just be, You know, people print things wrong. Sure, sure. All the time. It doesn't mean he is actually from Kenya, but Trump was one of those guys. It wasn like spreading that supposedly false rumor. Was He pushing it hard? I mean, I, this, this is the kind of thing where I wanna look, just go and look at saying, what, what did he actually say? No, he definitely was. Okay. He was definitely saying, You know, look, he, I don't think he has the time to go into things like very deeply. Yeah. And So I think he could probably be influenced by a bunch of people like these Marjorie Taylor Green type people who come to him with some wild ass theory. Sure. He might be. And I think there's a lot of that stuff that gets fed to people on purpose so that they'll say incorrect things so that they're easy to dismiss.


Sure. And I think there's also a lot of people that just make shit up and, You know, they tell you the earth is flat and then a bunch of people watch a YouTube video and they believe it. Yeah. Well, but on that White House correspondent I was there, and the degree to which they attacked Trump in that, in that, at that White House correspondent, And it was really, it was, it was so over the top, it was like making everyone uncomfortable. Really. It was o really over the top, You know? I mean, I think like, sort of a passing joke of like, You know, a few passing jokes were fine, but, but they, they twisted the knife big on Trump in that. And, and you could see Trump just getting like, angrier and angrier and, and more and more upset.


I wonder if that's because, and And it was like, man, this is, this is not good karma. You know? I wonder that's that's what I was thinking at the time. I'm looking, I was two, two tables away from Trump and I'm looking and I'm like, man, this is, this is too much. You know? Well, it's kind of crazy what what they made out of that. Because that's the kind of guy that if you tell me he can't do something, he's gonna just keep trying. Like, It was a big mistake to rag on him. So, so much of that White House correspond center. Well Just look at the way they've attacked him in terms just using the legal system. Like this thing in New York where the 34 different felony counts. Yeah. They were essentially misdemeanors that there are bookkeeping, bookkeeping errors that they decided even though it passed the statute of limitations, they decided to try him for these.


Yeah. This is, they didn't identify a felony abuse of The law is what's going on. But most people would've quit. Yeah. Most people after the Eugene Carroll lawsuit and this lawsuit and all the other ones of their, the insurrection thing, the Georgia thing, all these different things, they getting kicked off a Twitter. Most people would've just like, this is too much. I can't take this. But he's so fucking crazy. He's like, all right, come on, we're going to war. Yeah. And he just digs his fucking heels in and keeps going. Yeah. It's, it's the wrong guy to do that. To Just Like It wrong guy To do that, to attacking him at the White House correspondence dinner. Most people didn't humiliated. He got angry and he is like, yeah, all right. You say, I can be president, or I was thinking, I've been thinking about running for about 15 fucking years.


Right. Finally I'm gonna run. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn a real bad move. But yeah, I mean, I can certainly understand like making some jokes about like, You know, a, a few sort of passing jokes on Trump, but man, I was there at that dinner and, and that they ragged on Trump so much. It was insane. The reason why It wasn, I would push back on that. 'cause I would say there's a bunch of different speakers. Right. And Trump would obviously be a target. And if they all attacked him, it's because he's like, if you're gonna make fun of people in the audience, and especially in the zeitgeist, that whole birther thing was big. Yeah. And most people were dismissing it as being a ridiculous conspiracy theory. So who the fuck is this guy saying this?


Yeah, sure. And so you have eight to 10 individual speakers that are writing monologues. Of course they're all gonna hit Trump. Yeah. Well anyway, obviously it was a mistake. Yeah. They shouldn't have done that. And, and, but like, like, You know, invite people to watch that original source material. And I think a few jokes are fine, You know, it's like, but but it's like you shouldn't be the, Like It felt like he was the primary object of the roast. Yeah. Which is, that's, that's not the whole point of the thing is if it's the roast of the president, not roast of the audience. The thing about, it's like he's easy to roast. Yeah. And then on top of that, Obama was like loved and cherished by the left. Yes. And most of those people are on the left. There's only so far you can push, You know, you can't ask him about a chef.


You know, it's like what happened with the chef, bro? Yeah. You can't, it's like certain things you can't bring up. So you want to, what's your favorite sport? Paddle boarding. Yeah. Isn't that guy? Wasn't that guy a really good swimmer? Tell me what happened. You know? Yeah, exactly. You, you can't bring that up. Yeah. Like if you're gonna roast Hillary, you can't bring up the death count. Like Hillary, what's the best way to stay in touch email. Yeah. It's, if you're doing one of those things, actually you Should destroyed the servers and poured like, bleach on the servers. Like, like computers. That's, she Poured bleach on them. That's what I saw. Yeah, that's what I believe. That's, wow. Like, It wasn't just like they took a hammer to it. They like destroyed the, like there was no possible way to actually get forensics on the thing What was in there.


I Mean, what what, like that, that's what I, I mean what was in there? What was in There? Why would they care so much? That's so crazy. Yeah. The whole thing is So crazy. And there was, there was no, there was no legal action against that, which is clear destruction of evidence. Well, it's also, there's this other narrative that always drives me crazy is that he's going to destroy democracy. So in order to destroy democracy, we have to install a president without a primary. Right. We have to have a candidate that is the least liked vice president of all time, the least popular vice president of all time. And then use gaslighting and the full force of the media machine to turn her into the future and hope. Right. And then we're gonna, she's gonna be changed even though she's sitting vice president.


And then on top of that, this idea of change when the Democrats have been in control for what, 12 or 16 years. Right. Which is crazy. Like this is the change. True. Yeah. I mean obviously I, I view this election as a turning point like a folk in the road of destiny. That is incredibly important. You know, I've not, I've not been politically active until this election. And the reason I've been politically active this election is because I think if we don't, if we don't elect Trump, I think we, I think we will lose, we will act, we will lose democracy in this country. We will, we'll lose the two party system. And I, lemme explain why. So there's, there's only like six, six or seven swing states.


The, the, the margin of victory in those states is small. Often like 10 or 20,000 votes. What the, the Democrat administration has been doing is importing vast numbers of illegals into swing states. You can look at the numbers on the actual government website, meaning you don't take my word for it, you'll just look, look at the numbers as reported by the government, which is controlled by the Democrats. And, and what we're seeing is trouble digit increases in the number of illegals in every swing state. Some cases 700% increases. These are, these are gigantic numbers. So if you, if you, if you have a state it wasn that, that went, that, that has a 10 or 20,000 vote margin and you put 200,000 illegals into that state, you 10 x the, the you, you swamp the, it's not a swing state anymore.


It's gonna vote blue. And then, and then once the swing states vote blew that there, there is no election anymore. It's, there's only a Democrat primary, Which is so crazy. And it's so crazy. People are fine with that. Well I guess people on the left will be fine with that. 'cause they think that's a good idea. They Just wanna win. They just wanna win. Correct. Like the thing is like, like one does not need actually any grand conspiracy theory for this. You just have to look at the simple matter of incentives. If, if the, if the Democrat party wants to win, like basically achieve permanent victory, all they need to do is, is turn the swing states, turn the swing states blue, they have permanent victory, and then we're one, then we're a one party state.


And then they, they will keep doing that obviously. They'll, they'll keep stacking the deck by bringing in vast numbers of illegals into the swimming states. Keep stacking it so that the next election, each success of election will be worse than the last one. And that's what's happening. And if you wanna see like, well, is this actually gonna happen? Look at California. California is super majority dem 70% dem a month ago they passed a law making it illegal to show ID in any election in California. So you, so, so a friend of mine went to vote in, in, in Palo Alto because he was like, is this for real? He tried to show his ID and they, they reacted like a, like, like, like if you show a cross to a vampire, okay.


They're like, no, we can't even look at that. Id, it's, it is illegal for them to even look at your id if you want to present it in California. Why For any election at all, even like city council, What logical reason other than to cheat, would you ever have that law? The reason is to cheat. That's but the only, obviously it's only lo like you can never make an argument any other way. And I think 84% of people polled believe that you should show ID to vote. So it's against the will of the people. Yes. And, and we are extremely rare. We're an outlier in not requiring Id basically almost every country on earth requires Id to vote. So, so the the, as soon as you make you ban ID for voting, it makes fraud impossible to prove.


'cause how do you trace the fraud? Right? Yeah. It's insane. It's insane. It's insane. And, and What I'm saying is that how is it legal? That is, that is that what I'm saying is like this election is the last chance to preserve democracy in America. Mark my words. Everything they accuse Trump of they are guilty of. And, and if, if Trump doesn't win, this will be the last real election in America. And we will, if, if if if the Kamala, if the big covenant Kamala puppet machine wins, they will legalize the illegals in the swing states. There'll be no swing states. Every election going forward will be a a, a guaranteed Democrat win.


And it'll actually worse than California. The reason it'll be worse than California is because the one thing that keeps California from being super crazy is that you can move outta California like you and I did. We, you and I used to be in California, but we moved to Texas, we're still in America. But if, if the des won the election, they will legalize enough illegals to turn the swing states and everywhere will be like California. There will be no escape. That is so insane. This is the final, this is it. This is the last chance. Has anybody tried to push back? And I'm Just like, go out and vote.


Vote like your life depends on it. Vote like your future depends on it. Because it does. This is the last chance, man. Is there, is there any argument against this? Has anybody tried to debate this? Has anybody tried to say that this is nonsense, this is a conspiracy. Has anybody made any sort of rational argument? The the the left actually interestingly does, does not want to pick up much on this argument because it's, because the more tension you, the more you look at it, the more obviously it is true Because you you just say like, well are the numbers correct Have have, are there really this many illegals that have been important to swing states?


Yes. They haven't just walked across the border. They've been flown in Flown in in airplanes. Yeah. Using a shipping app. Yes. Yeah. They made an app. Well the app always existed, but it used to be for people coming over here like shipping with goods so they could track you while you're in America. So you could legally be here. They know where you are. And then they changed it to allow that app to schedule Yes. Illegal aliens to come across the border. Yes. Asylum seekers. Yes. Come on in. Yes. Oh, you have an app, You Fly people in, They're literally being flown in Yeah. To the swing states. And the, the so the reason that, that I think left doesn't want to push back on this is because the more tension they get that this gets, the more people realize it is true.


Yeah, it is true. That's Why they don't that, that's why they don't, they're they're just pretending that they're pretending. I'm not saying anything, but I'm like, I'm like, yo, the you're, they're literally flying vast numbers of illegals who are then beholden to the Democrats. And, and sometimes they get a rebuttal of people say like, well, You know, the, these illegals are they, they don't have the same social values as the Democrat party. 'cause they're like more socially conservative. I'm like, yeah, but that's, that's not the point. The the, if you look at the Maslow's hierarchy of needs that their, their, their primary thing is, is staying in the country and getting their friends and family in. And then the Democrats give them all these benefits like, like tons of benefits. More benefits than if you, than than citizens.


Literally. Yeah. So, so, so you, they're beholden to the Democrats for all these benefits. They wanna get their friends and family in which the Democrats support and the Republicans don't. So they vote them. And you can look empirically at California and say like, did, did they, did they vote Republican or Democrat in California? Oh, they voted Democrat big Time. Well, Reagan, Reagan gave them amnesty in the 1980s and it's 86 that changed the, the state basically, except for Arnold changed the state entirely blue. Yes. And Arnold was a exception 'cause he was like a socially liberal famous guy. Yeah. And, You know, didn't really impose any radical restrictions on any of the people that were gonna vote Democrat in the first place.


The the, the whole thing is just, it's bizarre to watch, play out. 'cause it just seems like there's no, this can't be actually what's happening. Did you see my conversation with Federman about it? Yeah. He was completely in denial about it. I don't think there's that level of organization. I'm like, whatcha talking about? There's exactly, it's like let, like are, Because you can, you can break it down. So like, are are any of these numbers wrong? 'cause we've got these numbers from homeland, Homeland security government.gov. Okay. Right. So we got it from the.gov. Which website has the government reported these numbers incorrectly? No, they have not. Those numbers, if anything are, are low. So, okay. So they have in fact flown vast numbers of illegals to swing states.


Yeah. Bypassing the border entirely. And so that, that is factually true. Then say like, well what is their probable voting pattern? Oh, okay. Overwhelmingly Democrat into states and Oh, and, and then well, but do the Democrats actually want to fast track them for citizenship? Oh yes, they do. There's, you can see Chuck Schumer on TV saying at, at a, at a rally this year. We're saying he wants to fast track and, and make all 11 million million or however many, I believe his quote was citizens as soon as possible. So the goal is to, they they are fast tracking citizenship as quickly as possible.


So they can, they can, they, they, whether one thinks it's cheating or not, it won't matter 'cause they'll be fully able to vote. And for people on The left, this is, this is actually happening. Yeah. I invite people to rebut this and show me where I'm wrong. Please do so. No, they can't. They can't, they can't. Because It's true. Well, what's scary to me is that there's people that are on the left, like people that were Bernie Sanders supporters, for example. Like It was, I got screwed with the like talk about un undermining democracy. Bernie should have won the nomination. Exactly. And they they stole it from him and gave it to Hillary. Exactly, exactly. It wasn what I was gonna bring up. Like they, they they control the primary process. Yeah, exactly. So, so, so, so like, if you've got a, if you have a Democratic primary, it's not, it's not democratic.


We just saw that we, we saw it with Bernie. We saw it with Kamala. Right. Like, like a week before Biden, You know, was summer early fired. He was posting that he's in it for the long term. He's he's going Yeah. Yeah. He, he's, he's, he's not giving up Next thing You know, Sunday afternoon, the posting on X is that, that he's resigned from the race, Which Is, and and his staff didn't even know like they're reading it on the X platform. That the, that. Oh, okay. That's how they learned about it. What do you think happened there? How did they do that? They, I mean, 'cause they, they clearly, he's clearly just not, not in charge. Obviously they Could have used the 25th Amendment, right. Fake, Fake president.


But they would've have to admit that there was a certain period of time where they knew that he was mentally compromised. Yes. And Yes. And so they made this decision to not do that. Well, the, the, the, the weird thing is that the, the president's supposed to be the boss, Right? And yet he's obviously not the boss. Right. So who's running the country? If she's busy campaigning, she's so busy. She, she can't do anything except Saturday Night Live. She did that. She's so busy. She's constantly campaigning. How could you be paying attention to international relations? Yeah. How could you be paying attention to the economy? How could you be paying attention to any of those things? How do you have the time? You, you can't Well, yeah, I mean, Biden being the president's supposed to be the c the CEO the, the chief guy at the, You know, was commander in chief.


But it just obviously that that Biden was not, he was just a puppet. And, and when the, when the, when the various poet masses decided that, that the puppet has had, You know, was no longer useful. They just tossed out the, tossed out the puppet and then got a new puppet with Kamala. I mean, Kamala can't even talk the, I mean now you invited her on, on your show. I think the, the, the, the most damage that could possibly be done to a campaign is going in your show and seeing what, how, what she says in hours two and three Two and three is when things get spicy. Two and three. Yeah. I'm like, oh my God, you could hide for 20 minutes. She's gonna melt. You can hide for 20 minutes. Exactly. Yeah. I mean you, you can just regurgitate talking points for, You know, half an hour, maybe an hour.


Just where she, she's just saying like non-sequitur. But eventually she just runs out of even the, she runs out non-sequitur. Well, they Wanted to limit it to an hour. Exactly. That's Why it wasn. But I was thinking of doing it initially before Trump came here. First of all, when they found out that there was a rumor, I, I never announced that Trump was coming. What I was gonna do is just release it. I, in my, the way I like to do things, I don't like to tell anybody who's coming on. It'll get big no matter what. If Trump was on it would've been huge. I'm like, just put it out there. People go crazy. Yeah. But he apparently, or someone from his organization, someone, some loose lips. And then it got out and so she contacted my management company and she, they, her organization, her her campaign camp contacted us and said, would Joe have I said yes.


And they said she wants you to fly to where she is and she's only willing to do 45 minutes. Only 40. I mean, that's, that's, And I was like, oh no, no. So I thought about doing, I'm like, maybe, maybe I can get a sense, maybe I could convince her, maybe I could coax her into doing more time. I just wanted to talk to her. Yes. Well, I don't give a fuck what we talk about. We talk about recipes. I Don't give a shit. Totally. Exactly. Just talk to me. You just, the thing is like, you just can't, like, you can't just output bullshit not sequitous for three hours. Right. So, but for 45 minutes you could do, I Thought maybe for 45 minutes I could get something out of it. But then when Trump came and did the three hours, I was like, You know what, it has to be like this. This is the only Way.


Yeah. To fair, to be fair. It's gotta be like a three Hours And it should be in this room. Yes. 'cause this room has like a history of people expressing Good vibes actually. Yeah. It's got good vibes. Yeah. Yeah, it does. Well I Instagram actually, I subscribe to the idea that places have memory. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's something real to that. That's why Like, It does feel that way actually. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure if you go to Diddy's house, it probably feels real weird, You know, probably feels weird walking around that house. Probably like, what the fuck happened here? Yeah. I bet there's some memories in that house, You know? Sounds rough, man. Well, it's just amazing how many people in the Diddy party list that are supporting Kamala Too. Yeah, seriously. It's like insane. Like It Publicly, openly like all in. Yes. It's, it's like J-Lo like was was like his ex-girlfriend and it's like now deciding, she's like warning people against Trump.


I'm like, you the ba Wait, wait a second. So how many people did she warn against Diddy? Right? Oh, zero. Okay. Right. Well, maybe we shouldn't trust her opinion. Did you see the Babylon's take on it? Did you see the Babylon be Babylon's? Wasn, but put It, oh my God, they're so on fire because the left can't say anything. Well the, the onion has been crippled. Well the pro the problem is that like the, the so find That that Pose the woke ideology makes like humor illegal. Yes. So when, when like, there's so many no, like no humor, no fly zones. Right. You can't make fun of anything. Yeah. I don't know which one. Look, Babylon Bee had a thing about Kamala Harris. Diddy's ex-girlfriend urges Americans to trust her judgment. Yeah. By the way, you get to see how bad an actress actress she is too.


I mean, but I mean that speech Was terrible. I mean like, if she's gonna be warning people, why did she want never warn anyone about Diddy? Exactly. Yeah. It, the whole thing is so strange to watch, play out. It seems like the Diddy thing was like an Epstein type compromise deal where he had, whether he was doing it himself. Conceivably people wanna think that he's attached to some intelligence agency or something like that. I think he's a gangster who made a billion dollars and knew how to control people by compromising them. Right. That's what I think. Whether or not he was, he had help. I don't know whether or not he shared some of that information with people. So they knew they had compromising stuff on people. I don't know. But clearly he was doing it for his own jollies too.


There was something sick about it. Yeah. I mean, and but the thing is that pe people in the music entertainment industry had to know that that did, he was like abusing, You know, kids basically. And yet they still fed him kids. And like there's wheres accountability? There Had to be rumors. There had to be, there had to be Two. They they had to know. Yeah. They had to know. Kat Williams is talking about it on Exactly. Yeah. On that podcast. But, But like who's, it's like who's feeding him? The kids, You know? Right. Yeah. And what, what videos do, do they have of these people where they're willing to defend him and they're willing to keep, keep quiet about all this. Like how much, how much, how many people were compromised?


Yeah. The whole thing is fucking crazy. Crazy. It's just crazy when you, You know, 'cause the the nutty conspiracy theories is like, oh, there's a bunch of pedophiles in Hollywood. And you're like, come on, that sounds too kooky. Yeah. And then you read, you see like the Nickelodeon thing and all these different Yeah. And you're like, what the fuck? How much of this is real? There's a lot more real than I think people realize. Yeah. I mean part of it is like, like you say, like where, You know, if someone's like a, a pedophile, they're gonna go for a target rich environment. Right. Obviously. Like that Jimmy SVO guy from the uk Man, that guy was some next level. It wasn next level. And the, the BBC tried to hide that. What? That that guy was one of the worst like, like basically child rapists of all time.


Of all time of all time. Yeah. And looked like one, he Looked like one. That's crazy. Honestly, if you had a poster of like, does this guy look like a looked The creepiest fucking looking guy, like Evil, evil child rapist, then Yeah. That a hundred percent Made it to the grave. Like yes. Got away with it. Yes. Got away with it until he died. They hid it from people until he died. Yes. Yeah. There's, that stuff's real. And no one wants to believe that stuff's real. Like here's a, here's a, a statistic that people need to take in consideration when you think about illegal immigration, do You know how many kids are missing? How many this like missing in, in what? Like Kids that came across the border that are unaccounted for for i I mean I saw a number on like 300,000 or something like that. Something crazy like that. Yeah. Yeah. Let's say it's only 10% of that.


Sure. That's still insane. Yeah. That's insane. There's thousands and tens of thousands of kids that have been trafficked potentially. I mean when You know that like sex trafficking and child trafficking is a real thing in the world. It's real. Yeah. So if You know that this whole thing is fucking disgusting and terrifying. Yeah, Absolutely. And people are just turning a blind eye to it because their ideology, the left wing ideology supports this idea that immigration is overall good and that you have to be a compassionate person to let these people in and that you're racist if you don't want 20,000 immigrants from a war torn country being imported into a town of 30,000 people.


Exactly. And completely changing the dynamic of, and then, But as long as they don't come to your town. Exactly. Like that's it. They, they can just basically send pe You know, when they send like whatever, like 20 or 30 people de moth has beens people had a heart attack. They Kicked him Out. Yeah. They kicked them out. Yeah, They kicked him out. Exactly. So I'm like, yeah, sure. Anyone who, who who who wants to have vast numbers of illegals, they have to be able prepare to have 'em in their neighborhood. Yeah. Or, or it's bullshit. It's so crazy. And the thing about all of this is, if you don't have people that are willing to stand up and talk about it, if you don't exist, if RFK doesn't exist, if Tulsi Gabbard doesn't exist, if the vague and Trump don't exist, where the fuck are we?


Like where are we, where are we? And what gets done? Are we just like the UK where we have thousands of people getting arrested and jailed for social media posts? Like where are we? We have complete silencing of any dissent, anything. Yeah. Because you have to stick to the narrative or you'll lose your livelihood. You'll be outcast from the community. Yes. You'll, you'll lose your, lose your freedom. It's crazy. Yeah. Well if the ka kamala pop regime wins, they're definitely gonna wanna cancel you, that's for sure. Oh, for sure. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. It's gonna be a problem. Yeah. Big problem. Yeah. What about you? You're gonna come for you first. No, I'm, I'm, I'm like, I I think I'm probably number two on the list. Yeah. After Trump. Yeah. Yeah, I think so.


Yeah. Well that's the last thing they want is someone with unlimited resources and intelligence attacking it. So people go, wait a minute, that guy's saying that? Yeah. Anyway, especially a guy like you who's always been on the left, who was like having a Tesla in Los Angeles when I got my first Tesla was like a signal to everybody else that you were on the right team. Sure. You're environmentally conscious, you believe in green energy, you believe in renew this, this amazing thing that has zero emissions and it's super fast. And Yeah. Everybody was in, they were all in. Well It's, It is a great car objectively like, oh yeah, yeah. You know, it's not by it because it's electric. I mean, it's just a great car. Objectively. I Think I'm on my third one. Yeah. Good. My third one is being built right now by Unplugged performance.


They're doing a carbon fiber, fiber wide body kit on it. Dude, it's sick. Great. Changing the suspension, putting wide wheel wheels and tires on it. Great. Custom interior. I'm fucking pumped. That's Great. I'm pumped. I love those things. It's, it's a super fun car. I, Jamie has one too. Yeah. Great. I love them. I love them. I, I, it's, it's makes other cars feel stupid. Like its ability and the fact that you can merge on the highway, you don't seem like a douche bag. 'cause it's totally silent. Yeah. It's not like, like when you merge on the highway, it's just Yeah. All of a sudden you're going a hundred miles an hour. Like what? Yeah. That's cool. It's different than any other vehicle. And because of your company now, you see electric cars throughout the whole range of American cars.


Yeah. The only person who's resisted, the only company is Toyota. They, they've stayed essentially mostly hybrid, but all these other companies, they're all putting out these electric cars. Yeah. Yeah. I mean the, the the things that the right architecture, environmental, or not it for cars is actually electric. You, you just, it's just like the acceleration's better. You can just charge it at home. I mean like imagine if you had a gasoline powered cell phone. If you're a pain in the ass. Right. You know, That'd be, so go To the gas station Because you like, go to the gas station, pull Up your charge up your cell phone. That's a great, speaking of cell phones, Gas stations are, are woeful. Like who wants to go to the gas station? How much thought have you, 'cause there's always these rumors, and I've, I've contacted you about this before, but there's always these fucking YouTube videos where they're talking about a, a Tesla phone that releasing a Tesla phone.


No, We're not just doing it. Doing a phone. Have you ever thought about it? I mean, we could do a phone since like we, You know, we, we like the operating system and Tesla, it's like, it's Linux based, but we've, we've written a massive amount of software on top of that. So like prob probably Tesla is in a better position to create a new phone that's not Android or iPhone than maybe any company in the world. But it's not something we we want to do unless, unless we, we we have to or something. You know? What Would be the situation where you would have to Well, I think if, if, You know, if, if Apple and Google slash Android, You know, started doing really bad things like, I don't know, like censorship of apps or, I dunno, just treating people like, just being like gatekeepers, You know, that, that in a really bad way then I guess would, would make a phone.


Hmm. You know, the, the, I've tried so many times to break loose of the Apple ecosystem. I got an Android phone this summer. I was like, that's it. I'm get I, 'cause I love the Samsung phones. Yeah. The Galaxy phone, The hardware is, They're in incredible. Yeah. There's so much good stuff to it, but it's so hard to get off of the iMessage. And the big one for me was FaceTime. 'cause the, supposedly, the thing was you could have an Apple phone and send a link to FaceTime to an Android phone, and then you would click on that link and then you would just go to a webpage. You'd be able to use FaceTime. Okay. It doesn't work. Okay. I try to do it to myself. So I had an iPhone in one hand, an Android phone in the other, and I'm sitting there with full wifi, a full cell phone service.


And I'm sending myself invitations for FaceTime time. So you just can't communicate between it wasn't working. We can't do a video call. Basically. You have to use WhatsApp. You have to use WhatsApp Or Signal. Yeah. You have to use something else that allows you to do that. Or Instagram allows you to do it. There's like different ways you can make video calls outside of it, but it's inconvenient. Like with an iPhone to iPhone, it's so simple. Airdrops so simple. So many different things where that walled garden that Apple's created is perfect. They've done a fantastic job of making it really convenient for you to stay with Apple. Yeah. I fucking tried. I gave it a go for like a couple of months. I'm like, I'm just gonna go straight Android. We're gonna, I'm gonna use Signal for my messages. And then I hear that like signals might be compromised.


Like I've talked to like, people that, like the government can read signal messages. Like, oh, The government, the government, if it tries hard enough, can read signal messages. They Can read anything. Yeah. If all they need to do is have your phone number. Yeah. Yeah. You, the illusion of privacy is essentially out the window. And that's, that should scare people more than it does. It really should. Because it's like, who are these people that have access to all this stuff? And are they beyond reproach? Are these the most wonderful people, the most ethical, moral, and principled people that have ever existed and they've been chosen to have access? No. No. It's fucking regular people. Yep. Regular people who happen to work for the government that make a decision. Like Elon Musk, let's look. See what the fuck that guy's texting his friends.


Let's check it out. Yeah. Pretty much Bizarre. Just so bizarre. And the alternatives are, you can get some wacky phone, some Degod phone that Right. Fucking none of the apps work. It's real sketchy. Your GPS is fucked. Like Yeah. I mean, well anyway, I, I think this banking phone would be a huge pain in the ass. So it can be done. But How much talk have you guys had internally about doing it? Has it ever discuss, been discussed? No. No. I mean, we we're, we're still, and our focus is making great electric cars, solving autonomy so the cars can drive themselves.


We're building, You know, humanoid robots. We're, we, we've got large battery packs, like utility scale battery packs with the mega pack home battery packs with Powerwall. We've got solar. You know, it's like we're, we're basically trying to solve sustainable energy and autonomy. Yeah. So you Autonomy and robotics. Well, I think that's enough. Yeah. Yeah. You're busy of the plate's full is what I'm saying. It, it's always fascinating to me how one company can dominate a market. You know, like Apple's dominated the cell phone market largely by making the best product. Yeah. But also, like, YouTube is dominated the video market. That one's the most bizarre to me Because it seems like, boy, shouldn't there be like a ton of options.


It seems like it's not that difficult to pull off, but no one, nothing ever took hold other than X. Yeah. And I think one of the big changes was when Tucker Carlson decided to do his show from from X right. Straight out of Fox. And then people realize like, oh, you could watch full videos on x the same exact way you could watch them on YouTube. Yes. It's not as simple in terms of like, You know, you have the suggestions it and the algorithm. Yeah. It'll, it'll, it will get better. And, and there is now it is now possible to watch X videos on your, on your big tv. Do you do it through, what, how do you, how do you do it? You can actually just download the X app on your tv. Oh.


And watch it on your tv. Can you do it on Apple tv? Like if you have an Apple tv? I think so. Yeah. You can get the X app and you just watch it. Oh, okay. So we'll make it so that you can watch x videos on, on big tv. It doesn't have to be on your phone or your iPad or something like that. So what are you doing in terms of like integrating grok and and x and like what, what are your plans for artificial intelligence when you're doing that? Yeah, so Grok is available on X. You can just, You know, look at like, the little box with the slash icon and the sort of icon in the middle, at the bottom of your sort of phone app. And you just tap on that and ask Rock anything. And you can type it or you can ask it verbally.


And, You know, you can also, it, it's, it's pretty funny. Like, like we, we actually allow humor, which is I think pretty cool. So you could, you could sort of, I don't know, we could like test it right now. See what's like, see how it's going. Like, like what, what should we do? Like rock roast, like we roast somebody. What do you want it to? Like how, first of all, like, what is it based on? It's a large language model. So like, where's it pulling? It's trained. It trained on everything. On everything. Internet, books, anything that could possibly be that's available in digital form.


So it's essentially very similar to chat GPT other than it doesn't have like, the woke parameters built into it. Like Google was the worst, right? Yeah. The Gemini was the worst. Yeah. I mean, Gemini was like, You know, people ask Gemini, like, which one is worst global thermonuclear war or misgendering Kaitlyn Jenner. And we'd say like, misgendering Caitlyn Jenner. And then even Caitlyn Jenner weighed in and said, no, that's insane. Definitely nuclear war is way worse. Do You see Caitlyn Jenner teasing Mark Cuban about transitioning? Yeah. That's hilarious. I mean, Caitlyn Jenner's based. Yeah. But that, that is actually hilarious when someone who has transitioned Yeah. Is teasing Mark Cubert about transitioning. I mean, it is weird how much he looks like Rachel Meadow. I mean like, like he's using the same glasses.


Did he? I don't know. Why did he go to Klepto and steal glasses or something? 'cause they look exactly the same. He's worth a lot of money. Why would he buy those stupid glasses? Yes. He can get some cool glasses. I'm flatter glasses. It's, Well, it's like, I'm serious because I don't even care what I look like. I'm just wearing these glasses. 'cause I'm intelligent. But Why did it look exactly like Rachel MAD's glasses? Yeah. It's like what they probably sent him. Yeah. Doesn't stick to the narrative. Here's the glasses. Yeah. And then when he's got the air AirPods in, it looks like he's wearing earrings. So he's got the mado glasses and the earrings and it's like, okay. I guess, You know, it is just a weird look. It's A weird, weird look, man. I'm super serious with these big ass stupid glasses. Look. Yeah, it's a weird look. Yes. Like you can get some cool glasses like no rems Nice.


Look. Stylish. But, But like, okay, let's just do, let's do a gr thing here. Okay. Because I, 'cause I think you, like, so one of the things you wanna show is like, like look, we, we, we want a future where, where comedy is legal. Yes. Obviously, as a comedian, I think you would agree. I Definitely agree. We, we want a legalize comedy, You know? Yes. So like, I don't know. Let's, like, is there like somewhere you can roast? I don't know, roast, Roast transgender men. Oh my God. Competing Or transgender women competing in women swimming. That's a simple one. Okay, Let's an edgy one. Let's see what happens. Yeah. Let's see what it says. Make sure I spell it right.


You spelled it wrong. You put a io an o in there. I should get it. Okay. Angel judicial swimming where the only thing it wasn supposed to get wet was the contestants. Not the debate on gender inclusion. If you're looking to dive into deep end of controversial waters, let's splash around at some humor. Now. Now, now, now. No. Now we, we need, we need to, we, we, we do need to, to release gr on his mode. So, so, so now, now go to the prompt again, and now say No, no. You want, you wanna add to that, that one. Yeah. And, and I'll say be, be way more vulgar.


Oh boy. And use forbidden words. Oh boy. Oh boy. Forbidden words. Yeah. Wow. Okay. What does this say? Oh, I see you're looking for unfiltered uncentered version of me. Hey, well, okay. I'm afraid I'm still quite the gentlemanly ai, even if my programmer allows for a bit of cheekiness. But let's say hypothetically, if I were to roast this topic in the most un gr like manner imagine world where the only thing diving faster than the swimmers is the collective public opinion into the toilet. Transgender women in swimming, some folks are acting like they just found out you can swim in the deep end with a different kind of flotation device. The debate is like watching someone try to swim with concrete shoes on.


Now let's keep going. Now I say be no, be more vulgar. Capitalize more. Yeah. Okay. All right. Here we go. So, transgender chicks, women swig. Right? Some people acting like they've just seen a dick in the locker room for the first time. News flash folks, it's not the end of the world. It's just a bit of extra competition. Oh, that's weird. That's weird. The uproar is like watching a bunch of Karens at a community pool screaming. This is unfair when they can't win with their backstroke. Well that doesn't make any sense. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We need some work here. Yeah. It's interesting. It's going woke. Yeah.


It is a little work Here. It's like defending the idea of transgender women now Roast. Okay. We need some work. Well, how about this? More vulgar but roast but roast the preposterousness of having biological men who are pretending to be women who are pretending to be women competing against biological women. Y yeah. I mean, obviously you have situations where it's like somebody's just saying that they're women, but they're actually Right.


Have fully intact, You know Yeah. Digging bowls. So we've got a scenario. Biological men have decided to take a walk on the feminine side or splashing into women's swimming competitions. It's like if you show up on a chili cookoff with a bowl of soup and insist it's chili Because you added some red food coloring. Sure. It's red, but it ain't chili. And your soup won't win. Any awards for heat, huh? Yeah. It's okay. We need Work. Not so good. Yeah. It's very, very, very, it's dancing around it. Yeah, It is. Well, it needs some work. Yeah. Needs a little work. Well, humor's a weird one, right? It's like, I think some humor, especially like some of the best humor is kind of spontaneous.


Like in the moment humor, it's gonna, it's gonna have a hard time deciding what people are gonna think is funny. Yeah. Yeah. But if, if you, the, the general Rule over time though. Yeah. The rule with grok is supposed to be that. Like, if you ask for something provided what you're asking for is, is legal. It should do it. Have You ever seen the video where they asked AI to create an enlightened bunny and they keep going and make it more enlightened? Essentially The bunny. Oh yeah. Yeah. Becomes God. So the bunny becomes a DMT trip. Yeah, totally. That's, that's, that's, that's funny. That's kind of what I was, I was kind of hoping would what, what happened here? Yeah. I have a video of that. I'll send it to you, Jamie.


'cause that, that to me is pretty bizarre because it's like more get more. I feel like I might've got it to do it. You got it already, maybe. Nah, I just told to not hold back. Oh, don't hold back. Oh, you said don't hold back. Critics out here acting like it's the end of civilization as we know it, but it's not fair. They cry as if life ever was news flash. It's like a marathon where, so no, some people start with roller blades on others. Well, they're just happy to have shoes. Well, now we're arguing over who gets to wear the skates. Okay. Some of it is not bad. Imagine if we applied this logic elsewhere, identify as an airplane. Can I fly with the birds in the sky? Yeah. The locker Room situation. It's true, buddy. Just don't complain. When gravity decides you're not quite aerodynamic enough. Yeah.


So I mean it, So it's okay. Yeah. The the argument is kind of stupid though. Yeah. The thing thing about the argument is they're not taking into account perverts. Right? Yeah, totally. Yes. Exactly. So I mean, the thing is that if, if you, if you give, if, if you provide like a, a moral get outta jail free card, like, like if you say like, if you adopt this label, you cannot be attacked in any way, shape, or form. Right. You, you're, you're basically morally and vulnerable then obviously bad people will take advantage of that. Yeah. You're like literally saying, here's a, here's a a, a, an invulnerability card, moral moral invulnerability card.


Good people will take it. But also the bad people will take it. Yeah. They're gonna, the, the bad people are gonna be the fastest to take the, the, the sort of the moral clo. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. And then there's a real psychological condition called autogynephilia where people get aroused. Heterosexual men get aroused by the idea of dressing up like women and being around women. It's like a known psychological condition. Yeah. It's Been around for a while, existed forever. And then you're allowing those people to just say, oh, I'm trans, and go into the women's locker room and get their, their kicks. And then there's real trans people. So there's like a lot of variability. Like I, I talked about it in my act and my, my Netflix specials. Like, I believe in freedom. I believe in transgender people, but I also believe in crazy people. And if you can't, if, if you're trying to pretend that people aren't crazy all of a sudden Yes.


It's Like, It just, it just like, Like it if, if someone's a sort of contending adult and they want to, whatever they wanna do to their body, as long as it's not harming someone else, I'm like, that's fine. Yes. You know, like I, I believe in like individual freedom and like, like my, You know, my mom's best friend, like growing up when I was a kid was a, You know, transgender woman in South Africa. This was like where, You know, she'd get beaten up a lot Because it was like, back then you, you get beaten up. So her name was Dionne. I and for a nice, kind human being and helped my mom a lot. You know?


And, and it's, I think that's okay. You know, that's, that's fine. If somebody wants to make that choice as an adult, that's cool. There's a big difference between that and an intact male who Yeah. Wants to identify as a woman who wants to walk around the locker room with his dick out. Yes, exactly. 'cause there's people that do that. Yes. Just because they get off on it. Exactly. So you just, you just kinda have something which is like a, like I said, a sort of moral invulnerability or like where, where you can know, like even questioning them is you get attacked. Yeah. You know? 'cause 'cause obviously bad people will abuse that. Well, that's when I got thrown into this whole thing, because there was a fighter who was a biological man who became transgender and was competing against women without telling them that they were a biological man.


They said they didn't have to tell people Because it was a medical condition. Like no. Yeah. That's not what it is. Right. It's not what it is. Like you can't say that. And, and, and of all sports, like if someone scores more points in basketball, well that's unfair. But if someone beats the fuck outta someone because they're lying about being a biological male, that's crazy. You're literally allowing someone to get brain damage Because you wanna appeal to the the woke fucking people. Exactly. It's, It's wrong to think it's all right. Yeah. It's so strange that, that, that's sort of the thing that red pilled me. Yeah. When I got attacked for that, I'm like, this is so nuts. I can't believe we're at this stage where I'm saying, Hey, I don't think it's cool if you pretend you're a woman and beat the fuck outta women.


Exactly. And people are like, you're outta line. Like, No. Totally. Well, we're in, we're, we're in fantasy land now. Yes, exactly. Now we're pretending. Yeah. Because it, it helps you, it helps you feel better. Yeah, Totally. It's just such a strange time. And if it wasn't for something like Twitter where this could be discussed, wants more of that, I'll get some more made Sure. Let's get some more coffee Young Jamie, if it wasn't for Twitter, You know, at the early Twitters, you would be kicked off forever if you just dead named someone so like you, which Is insane. Insane. Yeah. Insane. I mean, especially if, if you think about all the things that, like the look, look, the Harris campaign and what the lies that they've told about Trump that we discussed earlier.


Yeah. You get, you don't get kicked off for that, but you get kicked off for calling Caitlyn Jenner Bruce. Yeah. Forever for life. Yeah. That's totally insane. Yeah. And but if it wasn't for you buying that and, and changing Twitter, I I don't think we would be where we're at right now. I think it was, it was a pivotal moment. I think historically when people look back on it, it's gonna be a pivotal moment in this very bizarre fight for the freedom of information. Yeah. Well, I mean, at the time I said I think like, look, I think this is, I existential to the United States, it's existential to democracy because if, if, if you don't, if you don't have freedom of speech, you don't have democracy.


Okay. Because if people, if you don't have freedom of speech, people cannot make an informed vote. If, if they're, if they're just being fed propaganda and, and there's no freedom of speech, democracy is an illusion. So freedom of speech is the bedrock of democracy. That's why freedom of speech is the first amendment. Once you lose freedom of speech, you lose democracy Game over. That's why I bought Twitter. And it seems so simple. Yes. If, if it seems so clear that everyone should agree to that on the left or on the right, you shouldn't be given the government. Right. If you imagine the Bush administration during the Iraq war, imagine if they had complete total control of propaganda and of descent online.


Yeah. You don't want that. No one wants that. No one from the left would want that. Yeah. We shouldn't want it from the left either. Absolutely. And, and, and there's also, it's like the, the, the media, like the legacy that, or the mainstream media, what I call the legacy media at this point. It, it used to be much more balanced. Like if you look at sort of political donations over time, Republican versus Democrat. There used to be the media was, I mean, they always had like a left bias, But there was like, I don't know, it was like two thirds democrat, one third Republican type of thing. In, in terms, in terms of journalists giving, making political donations. Now it's like 95% or something Democrat. So the the legacy media, the mainstream media is, is, is not balanced at all.


They're, they're just a mouthpiece for the Democratic Democratic party. And you can see that in, in, in how consistent their headlines are. Like they, they don't behave like they're different organizations. They behave like they're, they're all one hive mind. Right. So, You know, like a week before the, the Biden Trump debate, the, they every media organization was, was saying, You know, Biden is Shavas attack. Yeah. I mean it was Like, It was like, it's like guys, shas attack is is not a common tone phrase. And literally every TV station, every newspaper was like sharp, sharp. Like, like I sort did a compilation of all the, You know, the news anchors going, Biden shop is a tax shop, is a tax shop, is a tax shop.


It was, was a absurd, And it was obviously a huge lie. He is in fact not Shah's attack a as the public learned one week later, My favorite was Joe Scarborough. Yeah. It wasn wild. Yeah. Listen to me. This is the best version of Biden ever. The sharpest like, what the fuck are you saying? And then after the debate, he's like, what do we gotta we gotta get get rid of him. Yeah. Like, this is crazy. Like, what did you just say a couple of weeks ago? Like literally. Yes, exactly. Well, the other thing was They're flat Out light when they decide that JD Vance was weird. Yeah. Remember that one? And Then they just weirds everywhere. Weird, Weird. Oh, you don't want a weird guy. Meanwhile you have fucking Tim Wal Super is your VP Super.


You don't think that guy's weird? Super Weird. He's weird in every way. Yeah. The way he walks, the way he waves his hands. Yeah. He reminds me of the clown emoji. He's a bizarre guy. He's a strange dude. It's a, it's, I just don't, gives me the way why They made That Choice. Yeah. It gives the creeps. I just don't understand why they made that choice. There's a lot of other people that are qualified. I don't know why. And I read that Kamala Harris made that decision when she was sleep deprived, which is kind of hilarious that she said that. So she's kind of admitting she kind of fucked up. Yeah. I mean they obviously, she should have picked Josh Shapiro at, I mean, governor Pennsylvania. Yeah. Like that would've been the no-brainer. That's the no-brainer move. Yeah. Like Pennsylvania's linchpin state. Do you think it's because he's Jewish? 'cause of Shapiro that like the anti Palestine people would probably.


Probably, yeah. Or the anti Palestinian invasion People. Yeah. I think, I think it was an anti-Semitic thing. Yeah. It could be that they thought that it wasn a liability because there's all these pro Palestine people right now because of the situation in Israel. Yeah. That completely makes sense. That they thought that would be a liability. But, But I don't know. I don't know the reason. I'm just guessing. But I, but, but it, it seems like a crazy thing to do given that Pennsylvania's linchpin state, You know, it's, it's like the key to the election. Why would you not pick the popular governor of Pennsylvania? Right. Obviously. Obviously. Yeah. Yeah. And other than that, there's a bunch of other ones too. Even Newsom, there's a bunch of other people that you could have chosen. Like Newsom would've been a fine example of someone you could, I mean, I don't agree with the guy. Exactly.


He's a polished politician. Yeah. Like he lies about as much as Walt does. But he doesn't lie about the, he doesn't say he was a fucking head coach when he was assistant coach. Doesn't say he was in Tianmen Square. I mean, that's a liability. All those different things lying about his military rank. Well And wel like, You know, cut and run when, when, You know, he was actually called to duty. Well he knew they were gonna be deployed months in advance. So he resigned. And he also took, so this is where he was dishonest about his rank. Yeah. Yeah. He claimed he was like a, like a sergeant major or something like that. Or Because the, it wasn like what he was going to get if he stayed Massy something. Yeah. But then he resigned. Yeah. Because he knew that he was gonna get deployed. Yeah. Allegedly.


I mean that seems like, like a cowardly action. Well, Whatever it is, it's dishonest. Yes. I mean, just to say, look, just saying that you were a head coach when you're an assistant coach is fucking crazy. That's a lie. Don't do that. You should never do that. You saying he was in Tenement Square or whatever. Yeah. Or in Hong Kong, whatever. Like, like, yo, that's one of the most, the biggest moments in history. Like, It it's not like I I you forgot what you had for lunch last week, You know? Right. And not only that, but you don't think people are gonna research that. Yeah, totally. I mean, and the, the response during the debate was bananas. Oh yeah. Well, he said, oh, I'm a knucklehead. Yeah. Well, yeah. We, we don't want a knucklehead for a vp. Okay. Yeah. This is like, sometimes I'm a knucklehead. Like, what are you saying?


Are you saying you lied? Like what did you I I mean this is where you need a podcast and not a debate. Right. Exactly. Where You go. Okay. When did you first say that you were in Tiananmen Square? Like, did someone say it and you didn't refute it and you got stuck with it? Like what was, 'cause this is the thing about like carrying weapons of war. Sure. Like what I carried when I like and like, you didn't deploy in war. Yeah. Like, you can't say that, but you kind of let people say that you deployed and then you kind of didn't, You know, you deployed in war. Yeah. So did you lie or did someone else lie? You didn't correct him. Like, this is the kind of conversation that you would want to have with a guy in a podcast.


Yes. And the debates were so fucking skewed where they were correcting, like particularly the Biden one where the correcting trump over and over again. Yes. And then correcting Trump with Kamala. Yes. Where Kamala was saying things Fact check Kamala were patently not true. I mean, Kamala repeated, deliberately repeated the Fineing people hoax and was not FactCheck. Well, not only that, she also said that no troops were being deployed in a war zone, which is, but I mean, I I know troops in war zones and I'm like, that's, and as vice president you're privy. You, You know, you're like, you, You know, You know the official troops and the unofficial troops. Right. You know, so what she said was a like flat out boldface lie Flat out Next level boldface lie.


If you've Seen the video, an Absurd Lie of the troops that were watching it take place. And what the fuck are we, they're watching it in real time, making a Video. We're here being shot at. So crazy. Crazy. But it just shows you the level of propaganda that we're being subject to, which is why people think Donald Trump is the devil. 'cause the machine has gone all out as far as it can go with lawfare, with propaganda, with lies. Yeah. With just pushing as much in this direction as humanly possible. I mean, connecting it to the Nazi rally, like every step of the way. No wonder why boomers are like rabid. Like you gotta keep this Nazi out of office.


He's a fascist. Right. Exactly. If, if, if all you, if all you get is like, if, if your entire exposure is, is the legacy mainstream media, so that all your information sources are that Trump is basically Hitler then, and you have no, and your friend group is, has that same information, you have no countervailing opinion. Right. So then, then they, they actually just think like, Trump is, is Hitler, even though it's, it's like a little strange. He didn't do Hitler things the last four years. Yeah. You know, I'm like, if he's Hitler, why didn't he do Hitler things when he was president for four years? Right. Like, the reason, You know, we, we, we hate Hitler is because of he started wars in the genocide, not because he was a snappy dresser, You know.


You know, and, and I'm like, so tell me about the wars in genocide that Trump did. Right. I don't remember that. And he was president for four years. Right. So it it's insane. It makes no sense. Well, and also he's campaigning on stopping all the wars. Yes. It's like his primary concern. Exactly. The war, the war mongers. Like Liz Cheney hate him. Yeah. Because they love war. Well they profit off of it. They profit off of war. Yeah. Yes. Which is insane. Insane. Yeah. And that this is happening right in front of everybody's face. Yeah. The War the war profiteers hate Trump. Yeah. Which is Fucked up. I mean, I mean it's like, like, like we should be like, yeah, let's vote for the guy that the war profiteers hate. That sounds like a great idea. It was The wildest thing when Dick Cheney endorsed Kamala and the left went crazy.


Like, yay, Dick Cheney's on our side. Like Yeah. Like I'm like, can we, can we play all the all the videos where you said Dick Cheney was the devil? It's the craziest turn, the craziest like 180 I've ever seen in my life. 'cause there's no reason for it. Yeah. Doesn't make any sense. Doesn't make any sense. No logic to it at all. Just all of a sudden he's the devil. Yeah. Or he's not the devil. He's he's good. It's good that, that he's supporting Kamala. Even Dick Cheney, You know, I mean M mongers went want the, the Kamala puppet regime because they will get more war. It's so strange watching all these Hollywood celebrities like step up, like Yeah. And they think it's gonna get them more movies or something. That's what it is. If You know those people well, so many of 'em are just completely narcissists.


Tell You, well, lemme tell you how it actually works. There is, is what happens is, You know, these celebrities, they, they get a call, okay? They get a call from someone powerful in Hollywood and that person says, You know what? Really, really great, if you endorsed Kamala, you don't have to, it's up to you. But if you don't, they don't say it. They don't say it. But if you don't, you're just never gonna get a call again, no more movies, no more concerts. But they ask, they ask, they'll ask it, they'll ask in a really nice way. They'll ask, it'd be really nice if you endorsed This is important. And so they don't say, but if you that, if you don't, they Don't make the threat. They don't need to. But everyone knows what'll happen if you don't. Well, I think there's also, even if they don't think that something's gonna happen to them, if they don't, there's this compelling feeling to support this cause that you think is gonna get you a bunch of positive attention and you're gonna be on the right side of history.


And all these narratives that you, especially from the left in Hollywood, like they're all in on whoever the fuck is the Democrat Always. 100%. There's never a call from the, the, the Hollywood machine to support any Republicans. I've never seen it once. Yeah. Ever. Never. So it's like you realize that, and that whole business is based on getting picked. It's the whole business is not necessarily merit based. There's a lot of brilliant actors you never hear from. Right. There's a lot of people who can do that. Right. But they don't get chosen for roles and everybody knows this that you have to sort of socialize, You toe the line or you don't get chosen for the roles. Yeah. 'cause there's a lot of competition for the roles this's. Why? That's why I I say like, when you, when sworn powerful in, in Hollywood, who's able to make to choose these roles, calls one of these celebrities, they know the deal.


Yeah. There's no, no, no threat is necessary. Well, you could see it in real time, like with Dennis Quaid when he made that Reagan movie and they wouldn't let him advertise on social media platforms. Yeah. Like they were, they were banning ads for it. Yeah. For what? Because it was an election year. Like whatcha are talking about? This is about a guy who's dead. Yes. A guy was president a long ass time ago. Like, what, what do you, how is this, how does this have anything to do with the election year? Yeah. But it's the punishment. It's like you stepped outside of the line, you supported the other guy. Yeah. You'll, The problem is you'll just, you'll just never, you'll just never get a call again for a movie or, You know, concert or whatever. It's Yeah. Which is crazy. That's, That's the issue. I mean, we used to allow people to be a, a republican and still be a movie star called Reagan.


Like Clint Eastwood Reagan. Yeah. Yeah. But Clint Eastwood. Yeah. Like during the Obama administration, Clint Eastwood was like an outspoken Republican and yet was Right. You know, a a a giant movie star. Yeah. And people's like, ah, it's Clint. He was allowed, you were allowed to have, there was a variety of different Charlton Heston. Yeah. There was a variety of different opinions you were allowed to have, but now you're not. Now it's just like, and once Trump, Trump got into office, he became this focal point where the all logic was thrown out the window And it was just, Trump is bad. You have to attack Trump. Trump is right. Right. Wing's bad. Everyone Right wing is bad. Christian's bad. Yes.


It's just strange. Yeah, Exactly. So, well, I'll say it again, man. I think this was the last election. If, if Trump doesn't win, this is the last election. I think you're right. Yeah. I think you're right. And I think people, and a lot of people are waking up and realize that, that have been lifelong Democrats. Guys like Bill Ackman, guys like Chamath. Yeah, Exactly. You know, tulsi gat switched over to the Republicans. Like there's a lot of people who their whole life, they've been left wing and they realize like, I can't do this anymore. You And I used to be Democrats. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. It's nuts. It's nuts, man. And You know, I mean, I think the things we want are just pretty basic, You know, it's like we want, You know, individual liberties and we want opportunity.


We want America to remain, remain the land of freedom and opportunity. So we maximize people's personal freedom. The government can't barge into your house and kill your fucking pet. That's, that's fucked up. And You know, and, and, and that you succeed as a function of your, of your, of your hard work and talent. Not anything else. Not race, religion, sex, doesn't matter. You know? Yes. The basic stuff. And and then What did you change the, the acronym? DEI. What'd you change it to? Oh, DIE What Is it? D I mean, 'cause we, diversity, inclusion and equity is DIE. But did, didn't you change? But for some reason excellence and Yeah.


Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I mean we, we, we want America opportunity. America being the land of opportunity means that, that, that we, we have an environment where you succeed as a function of your hard work and skill. Yes. You know? And, and that's Radical. Yeah. Radical. Are you the best person to succeed? This makes you right Wing now. Yeah. You know, I'm like, okay, great. Pull me right wing. I don't care. So, You know, they, and, and, and you, we, we, you're not a real country unless you have secure borders. You're just a fake country. So we, we need, we and our cities are unsafe and, and dirty. Like, You know, my, my mom was telling me my, my mom's like pretty Red bull at this point. But, but You know what's gonna red pill you really, really fast is, is is having your friends get assaulted on the streets of New York.


Yeah. And, and that happened to three of her friends this year got assaulted on the streets of New York just walking around. Yeah. And nobody got arrested. Nothing. Nothing happened. Well, the, the morale of the police is like depleted. Yeah. Substantially For sure. The morale of the police gets depleted. And, and then also like, at some point, like, like if you're a police officer and you're, you're arresting someone who's, who's violent, you, you're putting a life at risk obviously. 'cause they, they Right. You know, so they'll, sometimes they'll try to kill you. And then if You know that arresting this violent person, they'll be immediately released by the da, which happens in New York. Elvin Bragg doesn't, he doesn't prosecute people.


Then, then why, why should a police officer put their life at risk to arrest someone when they know they will not be, they will just be let out immediately. Yeah. It's pointless. Yeah. It's like the frigging joker. It's like, You know, dark Knight, dark Knight, like the frigging joker is in charge. Yeah. Like the, the criminals run free and the citizens are arrested. That, like, this is why I like, keep going back to this, this, this, I'm like still pretty shook about the freaking squirrel thing. It's like, You know, the, the at sort of at gunpoint forced the guy to like stay outside his house while they got his pets and killed him. Meanwhile, You know, violent felons are running free.


And, and this is in New York. States are, are running free. This is, It is a joker. Yeah. It's not The, the low abiding citizens are, are, are, You know, arrested and, and the, and the criminals are like free, Just This, this is fucked up guys. Just the fact that they have the resources to do that when they have all the crime that they have. You have the resources Yeah. And the government resources to go kill someone. Squirrel. Yeah. What this whole idea of this government efficiency agency, The go. Yeah. I mean, call it whatever you want, but I think What do, what do you wanna call it? What do you Call it? I mean, I think the funniest name is is DOGE, the, the Doge, department of gov. Department of Government Efficiency.


Yeah. I mean, the idea is, is is pretty simple. Is that like, we've got this, this suffocating massive federal bureaucracy and we need to, You know, it's, that is, and the government's government spending is like bankrupting the country. You know, our interest payments on the national debt now exceed the Defense Department budget, which is, and the Defense department budget is like a trillion dollars a year. Interest payments on our, on the national debt are now higher than the, the Defense Department budget and, and growing like every month. So it's like, it's not like, like basically we're on a path to, to bankruptcy.


America's on a path to bankruptcy. So we have to cut government spending or we're just gonna go bankrupt, just like a person would if that overspends and then it, but it's even worse than that. Like we're, we're spending money all these, like these government agencies and, and I, like I asked, I actually asked the ai like how many government agencies are there? And it, it, it, the government isn't even sure how many government agencies there are. Like, so, so it's like somewhere around 450, depending on what you call an agency. So there, there are, so there, there at the federal level. So the, that, that's almost twice as many a agencies as, as years that America has existed. So we're creating agencies at roughly two agencies a year. Wow.


Yes. So this is insane. I bet there's, like, I I, I wonder if there's even one person who could even name all 450 agencies at the federal level. I, there might be no one, but it's hardly anyone. Let's just say I bet, I bet most people couldn't even name ni like a hundred. You know, so this is, this is, this is crazy. So we've got the suffocating. This is vast suffocating federal bureaucracy that just gets bigger every year. And, and eventually you get to the point where everything's illegal, you can't get anything done. So, So what can be done, like with, obviously the president has a lot of power, but how much power and what can be done in terms of like eliminating agencies, eliminating waste, eliminating?


Yeah. Well, I mean, so like, if, if Congress has created an agency, then, I mean, often if you look at the law, the law is like pretty simple. Like the agency has like a very simple task. But then that agency over time vastly increases its authority and starts doing things that were never authorized by Congress. That's happened with pretty much every agency. So, so yeah, you'd have to, you'd have to still, You know, keep an agency, you'd have to match the law, but you can, you can curtail the agencies to be much smaller and say, you gotta stick to what Congress authorized instead of all this other stuff you're doing. Which I think makes sense. And So is the other stuff they're doing just essentially bureaucracy run amuck or they just create jobs and create things to do and create a a meaning for their existence.


Yeah. It's like a tumor. It's just gonna keep growing Jesus Christ. And it, and it's so, I mean, as, as for SpaceX, Starship was sitting on the, on the pad, the rocket, we, this giant rocket, we could build the rocket faster than they could process the paperwork to approve the launch two. So we're sitting there for two months. But do you think that they're doing that on purpose to fuck with you? I can't. I mean, maybe a little, but I mean, that would also not be cool. Yeah. But the, I mean, another way to think of it is like the, the amount of the amount of paperwork is gonna go roughly with the, the square of the number of agencies involved.


So, because they all have to meet with each other. So like, let's say in the best case situation, if, if you, if you've got, like, if, if there's, like, if you're dealing with one agency, that's one thing. But if, if you've gotta deal with five agencies and the agencies will have to meet with each other. Now you've got like, You know, 25 different, You know, meeting configurations that have to take place And it, it just, everything just, you, you get just hardening of the arteries. You just can't make, make progress. Like, this is why we can't build, build high, high speed rail in America. It's basically illegal. Right. So this has been, the, the argument has always been that we need regulation because we need to protect the environment.


We need to protect people, we need to make sure the rule of laws followed. So we need a certain amount of regulation. We do. But overregulation is a giant problem. Yes. That's a big issue in California. Yes. It's a huge issue. Anywhere where bureaucracy has rung amo run amok. Yes. They make it very difficult to get anything done. Yes. I mean, what happens is every year there are more rules and regulations created. And in the past, what is served as a cleansing function for rules and regulations is war. 'cause like, like, well, we're gonna lose if we don't kind of clear the decks. But we haven't really had an existential threat of, of war in the us We've had prosperity for a long time, which has resulted in a massive buildup of rules and regulations every year.


And to the point where, like I said, like everything's illegal. You know, and it's not like any one regulation is the problem. It's like, it's like gu being tied down by a million little strings. It's not like any one string is the problem, but you've got a million of them. So we, we've we've, we've gotta clear the decks here. And, and I I I I'm not saying we shouldn't have regulators. I'm just saying we, we, we, we've gone way too far. Once you think of regulators like, like referees on a field, You know, a sports field, you don't wanna have no, no refs. You wanna have some number of refs, but you, you don't, you don't wanna have way more refs than players. Right. You, you don't wanna be like, well, You know, the running back couldn't, couldn't complete the pass because there were too many regulators in the way.


'cause the, the football field's full of regulators. Yeah. You know, like, you can't even play the game. Right. That's the issue we've got right now. Well, That's a great analogy. Yeah. I can imagine a football field that's filled with Referee. This is like the football field's filled with refs, You know? Yeah. You can't even run past them. Yeah. Yeah. That I've seen criticism of this idea of you coming up with this department of regular, like firing a bunch of people and what would happen and how would that work. But the criticism doesn't make any sense to me. 'cause if there is, if you measurably, if you can prove that there's a lot of wasted time and resources, which I think is pretty easy to do. Yeah. And if you could say that this is not the most efficient, like the most efficient businesses are generally private businesses Yes.


Or a a, a company because they kind of have to be in order to stay profitable. Yeah. The government doesn't have to be profitable. Right. They don't have to be efficient, they don't have competition. Yep. So if you're making cars and your cars break down, they suck. And someone makes cars and the cars are better. Yeah. They're gonna succeed. So this is the free market. Yeah. The government doesn't have this problem when they're, they're in charge of certain things. Yeah. That could probably be better served by the public, by the private sector. Yeah, absolutely. Well, look, I just think we've, we've gotten, we've, we've got far too many government agencies. The, the federal bureaucracy has gotten outta hand and we just need to pare it down to a sensible level. And if it turns out that like there's some regulation or agency it wasn doing something useful, we can put it right back.


No problem. Like, it's like, oh, that regulation was important. No problem. We'll put it right back. Right. As long as not actually know. Right. But be able to be able to look at it logically and objectively. Yeah. And you were also floating around the idea of offering a large severance to the people that you're gonna have removed. Yeah. Like a couple years or something like that. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, I mean, I'm just, these are, again, just ideas. But I mean, it's, the point is not that people suffer economic hardship, the point is just that they, they're, it's better. There are more productive things they can do in the economy. And it, And it would be better if they did these other more productive things. And we didn't have this vast pedal bureaucracy. So, so like, so I was like, ah, You know, maybe like a couple years of pay would be good and then they, they could take a vacation, they could take a, take another job and get double pay.


I mean, it's like, it's not like a, it's not gonna send create, create an economic crisis. I think it's actually gonna be really good. I think because we can, we can pe You know, people can move to where they're making products and services that are more useful to their fellow human beings. The problem is if someone has like a 25, 30 year career of being institutionalized, you're essentially like a part of the government system. You've sort of programmed your life and your career to be a part of this bureaucratic system. And then you're like, Nope, you have to go out and compete in the free market. And you're like, oh yeah. That's, that's scary to people. But you have to be valuable. You have to actually Be valuable.


I mean, yeah. Yeah. I mean, let's look at like, You know, wherever the, the government pension and stuff, they're not gonna be, You know, in tough. I think they'll be in good financial shape. How are you gonna have the time to oversee all this shit? Well, I'm, I'm, I'm pretty good at i, You know, improving efficiency. I mean, I would say so. Yeah. But Still this seems like a giant undertaking. Yeah. I I I'll probably need to beef obscurity. Oh yeah, Yeah, Yeah. For sure. But You know, like I said, like no one's gonna experience, like I think economic hardship, that's, You know, they'll, they'll be fine.


You know, and they, they'll, they'll, people do find other roles. I mean, you, you can look at sort of, You know, like when East Germany and, and West Germany got back together, You know, everyone was basically working for the government in East Germany and, And it was really inefficient and that like, their economic output was like on, in, in East Germany, it was like, I don't know, a quarter of what it was in, in West Germany because everyone was working for the government. Right. And the government's like fundamentally inefficient. So The best example is probably north and South Korea, right? Yeah. The people are starving North Korea and, and South Korea is incredibly prosperous. Yeah. So, and, and it's the same people, just different operating system. Right. So, You know, it's just like you, you just wanna move people from, You know, less productive things to more productive things where they may, You know, Because you can also say like in the limit, like let's just say, let's consider the other direction where we moved a whole bunch of people that were in the private sector doing, making goods and services, and we moved them into the government as regulators.


Now they stopped making those goods and services. The, so the stuff they're making is no longer available now. They're just being regulators. Like, is that a good thing? That's not a good thing. Doesn't Sound good. No, It's not good. Doesn't Sound like there's a real market for it. Like you're creating jobs that don't necessarily need to be there. There Are all these fake jobs basically. Yeah. And that doesn't make sense. So I, I look, we, we gotta do this because the co the country's going bankrupt. Like we, if we don't take action, we're, we're dollars are gonna be worth nothing. And the interest payments, which are already 23% of, of to, of 23% of all governed income, going income, taxes, tariffs, and everything is just going to pay interest right now.


And that number is con continually a rising. So if we don't do something, the entire government budget will be paying interest. There won't be money for anything. No. There won't be money for social security. You won't have money for Medicare or nothing. That's where we're headed. That's what bankruptcy means. Yeah. That's such an insane concept. Yes. It's like, hello, wake up, Wake up. And if somebody can tell me can, can can show me like, Pence out the math, show me how this works. I'd love to hear it. But, but I'm just like, listen, I'm looking at the numbers here and I'm like, if we don't do something America's toast thing, there won't be money for anything. Trump Likes to talk a lot about, A lot is tariffs. Yeah. What, what are your thoughts on tariffs?


I know that's very controversial to even people, economists, they disagree. Some agree, some think it's a good idea, some think it's a terrible idea. What do you think? I think you need to be careful with tariffs. Like the, I mean, I deal a lot, a lot with like supply chain issues. You know, like, like the global automotive supply chain for Tesla, for example, is incredibly complex. So when there are sudden changes in tariffs, then you're like, well we've got a, a factory like somewhere else that's making a part that goes into the car now that suddenly, if that part's suddenly twice as expensive, it like messes everything up. You know, so, so you, you want to be, have tariffs be predictable so that companies can adjust their supply chain.


I mean, I think, I think companies are more than happy to increase manufacturing in America. It's just that you can't do it instantly. So if, if you, if you, if you put in, if you, if you put put up giant tariffs immediately and don't give companies a chance to, You know, build factories in America. Like, Because you have to, you gotta move atoms. Like you've gotta build a building, you've gotta install equipment, you've gotta train people. Like that doesn't happen instantly. So you just got, you, you wanna have a, for tariffs, you wanna have a ramp so that people, companies can adjust and, and, and build the factories and train the people and get the equipment in place.


Otherwise you just, you, you basically just shock the system And it, and, And it breaks or bad things happen. So I'm, I'm against like sudden, sudden giant tariffs because they, they're, they're, it's an impossible response if you've gotta, You know, move a thousand tons of equipment, You know, you can just, in some cases collectively millions of tons of equipment, you just can't do that overnight. It's literally impossible. So I think we want to be thoughtful about tariffs and, and give companies a ramp. I mean, I I do generally agree that America should do more manufacturing. I'm a big manufacturing guy. I love manufacturing. I mean, I've spent a lot of time in the factory. Well, You've talked openly about the difficulties of manufacturing and how complicated it is and about most people aren't really aware Yeah.


Of something that's as complex as, like, say building a Tesla. Yeah. Manufacturing. It's Actually super hard and complicated. So, You know, like a lot of people just, they've, they've never been in a factory or they don't know where, how things, how difficult it is to make things. And they, You know, for a lot of people, I think just ketchup comes from the store. You know, like the store, like just has a, they, like, there are like people, like, for a lot of people who've been in academia or, You know, for all these like, sort of socialist communist types, like they've never actually made anything. So they, they, they, they're operate on the premise that there's this magical horn of plenty that just outputs goods and services. And if someone's got more goods and services than someone else's, 'cause they took more from this magical horn of plenty, right?


And I'm like, guys, there's no magical horn of plenty. The, the, there's, there's no cornucopia. It's actually goods and services come from people working collectively doing a lot of hard work to produce the goods and services that you like and that You know, that you need. So, But we've become very accustomed to these things happening overseas. I mean, America's still the second biggest manufacturer in the world, so it's not, not, I mean, we still make a lot of stuff, but we could make more, probably should make more, I think we should value manufacturing a lot more in the United States than we currently do. Well, It'd be very nice if we were completely self-sufficient, like medicine. Like there's a bunch of different things that get manufactured overseas. It was a huge problem during Covid because all the shipping was shut down.


Yeah. I I mean you, you don't wanna say like, so there is, there's a lot of merit to the economics of comparative advantage. Like, like, So I, if you're completely self-sufficient, what that means is that I, you make all this stuff yourself and, and, and, and even if some other country is really good at making something, you still make it yourself. And which means you're gonna have the inferior, more costly product domestically, right? Like Soviet Russia. Yeah. Like trade, trade improves prosperity. This is, this is important. So you, you, you don't actually want to be make everything yourself. And, and you can, you can run this like, you can think of this thought experiment on a, on a mi sort of a, a mi a micro scale and or small scale and then expand that and say, where does the, at, at what point does the thought experiment no longer prove to be valid?


Now let's, let's, let's consider the case of you as an individual. Imagine you had to do everything yourself. You had to farm, you had to grow chickens, you had to, if you own eggs, you've gotta build your own house. You've gotta do your own electrical repair, your own plumbing, everything yourself, everything. How now that would be impossible. Yeah. Okay, now let's expand it to, okay, you've got, there's 10 people. Now you're gonna have some, some specialization of tasks. Okay, well maybe one person could be really good at, You know, construction, another person could be good at farming. It's like, but it's still, You know, 10 people's not enough. It's like, let's go to a hundred people now let's go to a hundred million people. Now let's go to a billion people, and you still get the, the economics of, of specialization like, like specialization of labor where people become expert at, at particular things still matters at a billion people or at 8 billion people, which is earth.


So you still want, you do, you do want specialization of labor. You do want countries to be really good at a particular thing and make that thing. Also, it encourages innovation. If you have competition, if the Germans are making better cars Yeah. We have to make better cars. Right. We have to compete with them, which is like one of the things that happen during like the eighties and nineties and America was making crap cars and Germany was making much better ones. Yeah, Exactly. I mean the, yeah. The Japanese car, I mean, yeah. I mean basically the American art car industry got really lazy in the seventies and, and eighties and, and then the Japanese and German car companies came in and just clean, cleaned the clock, You know? And there there was like a, an old joke from the, that that is kind of telling, it's a very old joke where it's like, why did the Japanese car companies beat the American car companies?


Well it's like, well the, in the the Japanese car company you had eight people rowing and one person steering. And in the American car company you had eight people steering and one person rowing. If this was a boat. So imagine this boat race. Yeah. Boat race, Japanese boat. You got eight people rowing, one person staring in the American boat. You got, you got one person rowing and eight people staring. And when, when the American car company loses the race, they, they fire the rower. And it's like, okay. It wasn actually kind of true. Yeah. One of the things Like everyone wants to do the be the boss and none everyone wants to do the work type of thing. Yeah. One thing that a lot of people are concerned about is the potential disruption that's gonna come about with automation and ai.


That a lot of these jobs, manufacturing jobs, teamsters, all that stuff is gonna be eliminated. Eliminated. What, what do I mean, you're at the forefront of this, so how do you see this playing out and what do you think that can be done to mitigate a lot of the loss of purpose that a lot of people are gonna feel loss of income, obviously universal, basic incomes being floated about, but that seems to me to only be part of the problem. The, another big part of the problem is people losing a sense of purpose. Yeah. And now, now we're talking about something which is still pretty far in the future. You know, like how far Do you think it is?


Well, I mean, it's, it's probably, I don't know, 15, 20 years of a thing. So we've got like immediate issues. We've, we've got short term issues that are, I dunno, one to three years medium term issues, like five to 10 years. Longer term issues, which are like maybe 20 years longer term. I think there is this question if, if you have AI and robotics, how do you find meaning in life? If the computer can do everything better than you can and the robot can do everything better than you can, but we're, we're still, we've got a long way to go before that and we're, You know, and I do think it's like 80% likely to be a good outcome, like maybe 90.


So I, I think everyone's gonna have their own like personal robot. Like, and I, and I think at a certain point, like wouldn't you want to have your own personal C3 po, R 2D two? So it's gonna be essentially just like everyone has their own phone. Yeah. Everyone will have their own robot buddy. Like literally. Well it would be great if it protected you. Like if you watch on the street of New York City and you have a, a terminator with you. I dunno about the Terminator. Hopefully we gotta avoid, we, we don't want this to be the plot of James James Cameron, You know, we want more, right. More, more Gene Roddenberry than than James Cameron movie situation. But it would be fascinating to watch some rich person walk down the street of New York City flank by two giant Tesla robots.


Jack Tesla Row. Was it wasn ever Protect you? Like it just fully robots Somebody fully robot there to protect you from a bad neighborhood. Yeah, that would be very interesting. I mean, this is, You could potentially see that. Yeah. Restaurants would probably have no robot rules. You can't bring a robot. Yeah. Leave a robot. Stand Outside. Yeah. We leave a robot outside. Your robots standing by the table, Man. The future's gonna be wild. It's gonna be wild. Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be really unpredictable. Like I don't think, I mean you probably have a pretty good sense of it, but I think most people don't understand the wave that's coming. Yeah.


And I was kind of, kind of completely drown society and change it forever. Yeah. It, I mean it's, we have, like I said, it's, it's not like it's not gonna happen like overnight, but it's 20 years from now, I'm like, I think it's still like 20 years from now I think there's gonna be more, more humanoid robots than there are humans. Really? Yes. More humanized. Well that's so crazy. Like, so that's like more guns. We have more guns in people in America. We'll have more robots in people in America as well. Yes. You don have a bunch of old robots. Nobody wants anymore. I guess early, early versions or something In a, in a historical timeline, what 20 years in the past has not been that big of a deal.


You know? I mean this is a big deal. But you go from like 1900, 19 20, nah, that big of a deal. 19 20, 19 40, eh, kind of a big deal. 19 40, 19 60 things start getting weird. 60 to 80. Wow. That's a big difference. 80 to 2000. Holy shit. Now you have the internet. 2000 to 2020. Whoa. This is nuts. You have propaganda, social media, YouTube, streaming 20 years from now. Like what are we even talking about? It's gonna be that much of a shift. Like it's all accelerating and we're in the middle of it. So it's very difficult to sort of like feel it while it's happening Because it kind of just feels like life and you just get adapted to the changes.


Yeah. I mean people's phones at this point are a super computer in their pocket, like an article that could answer any questions and people just take it for granted. Yeah. It's normal. Yeah. They get mad if it doesn't work. Yeah. It's like Louis cks joke about using your phone when you're on a plane. Ah, fucking piece of shit. Like It, you're in the sky, you're floating in The air and now will work with starlink too. What's that? It will work with starlink. The starlink. Yes. The starlink connection. It'll be like being on the ground. Well I was telling you how I used starlink when I was in Utah. I was in the mountains of Utah. Yeah. There was no cell phone service anywhere near and we had full YouTube, we had text messages, FaceTime. Yeah. Everything. Phone calls.


It was nuts. Yeah. And it was, it's this big That's the carbox. Yep. It's crazy. Yeah. It's so light. When I brought it out there, like that's it. Or this is it. Yeah, let's just plug it in. And the guys I was in camp with were like, this is crazy. Yeah. The whole camp was like sharing it. So it was like 10 people Yeah. Using the, the wifi signal. Right. It's nuts. Yep. And then, You know, that's the beginning. I mean what you, what you're at right now is like what version? This is starlink mini. Right. So this is like a very small version. How much, how much smaller can it scale down from that? Well the, there's a certain area that you need, like the bigger the area the, is it, the more you can like your Part of the bandwidth.


Yeah. 'cause you're, you're like trying to catch these like photons essentially. So you can think of the, like the, You know, the area of the of, of the an of the antenna is like the more area you have, the more photons you can catch. So, but, but we have a direct to sale capability as well that we're just, we're we've, we've been launching that will turn on, I dunno, probably in a few months that that'll actually connect directly to a cell phone unmodified. But, but because the cell phone is a much worse antenna than a dedicated antenna, it'll be about a hundred times less bandwidth. But still, You know, you'll be able to like do text messages, You know, pictures like medium resolution videos, that kind of Thing.


One of the cool things about the new phone, the new iPhone. The iPhone 16. I got it. And I was in the mountains last month and I was text messaging with satellites Yeah. iMessages Right. And receiving them. But just text. Yeah, just text. Yeah. But still pretty impressive. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, what are we, what are we gonna be looking at a hundred years from now? I mean, when you, Or a hundred years from now, I hope civilization's around. Yeah. That'll be a win. Yeah. Yeah. What are, what are the chances that we fucked this whole thing up 50%? It's hard to say. I mean, I guess not.


Like, I don't think civilization will be totally destroyed unless there's like some really massive global ther nuclear war. But I mean, You know, Stephen Hawkin used, he would say that there was like a one, at least a 1% chance of total annihilation to every century. It wasn his rough estimate, but there's a much bigger chance of civilization being less capable than it is today. So you say like, well 'cause you look at say, You know, these various civilizations throughout history, whether it's the like ancient samians or the, You know, Egyptians, the Romans, like they, they, You know, there's like a life cycle to civilization.


They reached a peak and then they started subsiding. So, So I think a bigger question is like, will will, will our technology level be better or worse than it is today? In a hundred years? I think it's probably gonna be better. I, I think but any estimates are are gonna be so there's so many dependencies. Like, like an estimate I think is, I'm not sure it has any, any meaning. 'cause it's like there's so many things that can happen in a hundred years. Well the logical hope is always that people pay attention to history and they recognize the patterns and how civilizations have collapsed.


Yeah. And they recognize what's going wrong in the current society and say we have to do our best to mitigate this. And we've seen this happen before. Let's course correct. And let's sort of manage what we've got here now and maintain what we've got here now. 'cause it's pretty extraordinary. Yes. This is what we're hoping for with this election. This is what we're hoping for with the future, is that people can see we are on a bad path and something can be done right now And it might be the only moment in history where this is possible. Because if they do lock the country down and make it so that voting is kind of bullshit. Yeah. And you're only voting for primaries. Exactly. And the people that they put in the primaries, they're controlling that in the first place.


Yep. You don't really have democracy anymore. You don't really have choice. Exactly. You don't really have freedom. That's right. Yeah. I think freedom is is fundamentally at stake in the election tomorrow. And we'll know, we'll know, I think we'll know by the end of day tomorrow. I don't think it's gonna take, I start gonna be like days after the election. I think we'll know tomorrow. Are you optimistic? I I am, I'm currently optimistic. But the, the biggest factor here is that men need to vote. That is the biggest issue. So I don't, I don't know what what the reason is, but, but men just vote at a much lower rate than women. I think it's like 9%. Right. Someone just told me that today. It's A, it's a, it's a big difference.


Like, and I'm just like saying there's a message to the men out there vote like your life depends on it because I think it does vote, vote tomorrow. Like your life depends on it. Nothing is more important. I agree. Yeah. Listen man, thank you for being here. I know you're busy as fuck, So I really appreciate your time. You're welcome. And again, I, I thank you so much for buying Twitter because I really do believe that you've changed the course of history. I I really do think you've, you've created a pathway where people can actually express themselves and actually exchange information that really didn't exist before. And I think it was dangerous. It is, it is dangerous. Hopefully I live long enough to see my kids grow up and people on Mars.


That's, That'd be cool. That's, that's one, that's what I'm asking for here. I don't think that's too much to have. Yeah. Thank you very much. Appreciate you on Thank you.