
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. It's the end of the world as we know it. How are you feeling? I'm feeling good. Thank you for having, I heard you were having a problem getting big guests and things were not going good. And I, I said, Hey, I'll fly in and, and I'll help. I'm always here to help. Well, we were talking about doing a live show Yeah. At the mothership. Sure. But then somebody told a Puerto Rican joke, we're like, maybe that's not a good idea. Yeah. I mean, it was, You know, it might've been, we don't know. It could have been interesting. Could have been.


It would've been fun, but Could've been Fine. Yeah. Whatever whatcha are gonna do. Yeah. It's election. It's election day. If, if Trump loses, he's on suicide watch, If Trump loses, we're gonna have to hide him. We're gonna have to pay a cartel to shelter him for a, a period of months or years. They'll take him in Canada, he could just move up to Canada. Yeah. Sort of changes his rhetoric a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. No, if, if Trump loses it, definitely, he definitely will have to Gotta tone it down. Me, You know, he might have to move It around a little bit. Survey the scene. Yeah. You know, Probably not a lot of Puerto Ricans in Canada. He could Be a hero on the other side, though. That's true. He Could, he could just emerge as the, You Know, left wing. Just, just completely do like a 180.


I total, I've seen the light. Flip The script. Inclusivity is super important. Say I did this. Yeah. Purpose, Kamala on purpose. It was me. I knew it wasn gonna happen. Right. That's why I told those jokes. Yeah. Well, the funniest thing is that people going, that he's a Hollywood plant. Oh, hilarious. Like those people, they're like, he was a Hollywood plant, You know? Yeah. Those, those people are fucking hilarious. Every now and then I'll come across a comment. People that think there's some fucking grand conspiracy, like we're all being Yeah. Puppet mastered by. Yeah. It's always manipulated. It's Always Jews that they think the Jews are The Jews. It always gets to the Jews. It'll start somewhere and then goes to the Jews. I Forget who told me this, but it's like one of the symptoms of a collapsing civilization.


They start blaming things on Jews. Yeah. It's like, one of 'em is, they get very obsessed with gender. And then the other one is they start blaming Jews. The other thing Is, we're in both of those right now. They make celebrities out of chefs. Like they get very decadent. This happened in Rome and there's, there's really? Yeah. Like they, they like people that provide you these comforts become celebrities because you're getting, you're just living Very, there's so much comfort living A decadent, ah, lifestyle that's, I never Considered that. That's, so that's one of the things that people say is like a harbinger of the apocalypse is like celebrity Chefs. People just focusing way too much on like, You know, artisanal, You know, donuts Right.


Or whatever. My wife likes going to those places. Yeah. Where they serve you like 13 different things. Yeah. And each one is the size of a quarter. Yeah. I Need a steak. It's Very, yeah. I need To bring it all at once. I'm a glutton. Yeah. I need my food in a large plate. Yeah. I need a just a giant fucking hunk of meat. Well, It's also so much time. It's like three hours. I can't do It. And the waiters tell you about every single thing, And it feels very like indulgent Yeah. To sit somewhere for three hours and then get educated about like where a raspberry came from. Right. You know, I can take it with the omae sushi like Philip Franklin's Lee's place. Sure. That's kind of fun.


You know, it's a little, you watch him do it. Yeah. You watch him like slice it up and put it together. Yeah. It's kind of cool. It's fun. Yeah. Just know what you're in for. Yeah. When you get there, you have conversations. There's a small amount of people. Yeah. So you could get to know folks. And at Sushi Moore is good. 'cause you don't have to talk that much. Right. When you're directly across somebody for three Hours. Ooh. Yeah. That's Intense. And the worst is like, someone could be in the middle of some fucking horrible story. And then my mother came back And it was stage four And it, Oh, this is a peanut right. From Australia. And the glaze is a demi glaze with a South France Bourbon. Yeah. And then have to Say, Thank you. Thank you so much. Hey, you Fuckhead. Yeah.


Her mom died. Yeah. You a piece of shit. Well, I hate people that ruin meals with real discussions about anything That's depressing. That is a problem. Anybody who comes out and if there's money being spent, keep it to yourself. Talk about things that we can all get on board. Nobody cares. You know? Oh, my dad's gonna beat it. He's a fighter. Hey, hey, hey. Not now. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, It's the emotion dump that just like, what am I supposed to do with all this? Yeah. You, I have all your emotions in a pile. My Lawn. It's too much. People talk too much about personal things and then they expect you to offer them some degree of comfort. Right. What can you Do? You can't do anything. There's nothing you can do. I'm sorry, keep it to yourself. Your sister has borderline personality disorder.


What is that exactly? It's, it's, is that real? No. And it's people that just go around ruining all the relationships in their life. Oh. So it up with a mental Of illness. So it of Shit. Right. Which is fine. And then there's, they, so they just say it's boor, they're borderline. Right. 'cause there's a lot of like mental things like that, that are just sort of patterns that people fall into. Yeah. Like you're, You can't medicate a Pattern, but can you, can you medicate rudeness? Like, some people are just rude. They're just not nice. They're not nice to waiters. They'll invent a way. The pharmaceutical industry is such a profitable thing. They will, everything eventually will be a disease. Yeah. I'm more and more convinced. And a d ADHD is not real. I think a lot of kids just have a lot of fucking energy and they're supposed to be doing other stuff.


Yeah. They're not supposed to be sitting at a desk all day. Put 'em in the military. Yeah. Yeah. Let 'em, You know what I mean? Or let 'em play video games professionally. There are, yes. They seem to sit real fucking still when they're doing that there. Absolutely. How come they're fully engaged when they play video games? There Are people you meet, I have grown friends in my life that are, You know, I'm 39 and they're in their late thirties, and I'm like, the best version of you is dying in the Ukraine. You should be a flag on a mantle and we should point to you and go this. He made the ultimate sacrifice for freedom. And that's the best version of them. You know? And we don't have enough wars. We don't have enough dead people. So, Well, if we, We have the winds, we're gonna change that. We are. If we had more wars, one thing that people would appreciate is the whole concept of America.


Right. Like, if we got attacked, like after nine 11. Yeah. After nine 11. I don't know where you were, but I was in LA and the fucking, well, you're a lot younger than me. Yeah. But the flags on people's cars were everywhere in Los Angeles. Right. Which is crazy. It's like everyone was super pat patriotic and letting people Mer I was in New York And it felt, it felt, You know, people get mad when you say this. It, it was the best time ever to live in America. Yeah. Isn't Isn after nine 11, it was the warmest time you felt. I never felt better about the country United. Yeah. We felt united. We were compassionate. We truly loved each other. I think that's how people in Israel feel every day.


Really? Yep. Yeah. Isn't it? So they've go through it so much that they're desensitized to it at this point. I had a kickboxing coach, my friend Shie, and he was from Israel, and he was always telling me, like, I went over his house for dinner once, and him and his wife, they're playing the bongos and dancing and shit. Yeah. Having a great time. All you always like this,


this episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health and a good place to start. It's to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks us based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jre terms apply.


And he goes, in Israel, you're always, what are you going to die? So every day is party. Party. Right. They might have had a drug problem. I don't think they were, they might have been a alone. They weren't Even drinking. They were just having a good time. They were happy people. Well, yeah. But it was like, you have an appreciation for life. For life if you live in a war zone. And I think in America, we're, we are so removed from that. Yeah. That it doesn't seem real to us. Right. But you and I have an appreciation for life. We're not in a fucking war zone. No. So it's not the only way to have an appreciation for Life. Absolutely. I think you can have an appreciation for life in, in a myriad of ways. But I think one of the, the, the downsides of being so relatively safe is that you, when we talk about war, it's not real.


Right. Unless you've been there. So Unless you've been there, I have no idea. I have friends that have been there. They, You know, and I think we talk about conflicts all over the world without the intimate knowledge of how hellish they are. Right. And how, how much pain is associated with someone going and fighting and dying and then, or killing people or killing people and being scarred and Yeah. So one of the things that I think people are waking up to now is that it, it's, You know, we, we can't be everywhere in every war fighting everybody. And then just, You know, not recognizing that that has consequences.


You say that. Yeah. But if Kamala Harris wins and Liz Cheney takes over the cia. Yeah. We might have a chance. Well, here's The thing, like Putting it All together. What time is it right now? 2 52. 2 52. They just called it for Kamala. And, and I'm excited about it because many of us will be in jail. Is the results, if you don't get excited right now Yeah. You'd be, many of us will go, go right to jail. Right. So it's like When dear leader died and you had to cry for six months. Yeah. If you didn't cry, they put you in jail. Yeah. I don't think we should get nuts with the counting. If it feels good, if it feels good, let's just do it. If it feel, to me, the numbers and the columns and the tabulation kind of is a waste of time.


I think we just go with whatever Joy Reed thinks. Whatever. Whatever they want. I mean, did You see Rachel Maddow calling for Elon Musk contracts to be taken away? I did It. But that's, that's kind of makes sense. I guess if you're Rachel Meadow. Right. But it's the most bananas thing ever. Yeah. You have literally one of the greatest geniuses Yeah. In human history. A guy who's simultaneously landing rockets. Yeah. Not just shooting them, landing them, having them getting caught by robots. Yeah. In the sky. Yeah. Then you have Tesla, then you have starlink, then you have the boring company. Yeah. I mean, that guy's simultaneously running all these different fucking things. But I bet Rachel Maddow's pretty bright, But I, I have to send you this Because it, but they Only care about their political opponents.


I think. I think that's the where we're at now, where it's like, somebody might have a, a great talent, but if they disagree with you, you have to, I sent it to you, Jamie. You gotta see her say it. 'cause it's so unhinged. She's like, she used to be reasonable at one point in time. She was reasonable. You know, Matt Taibbi wrote a book called Hate Inc. I dunno if you've ever read it. Yeah. It's a great book. But he basically makes the argument that Rachel Maddow is essentially Bill O'Reilly. Yeah. That they're the same person They are. She was good friends with Roger Ales. They had dinner all the time. Yeah. Gimme some volume and go full screen. If Trump doesn't win, the defense department and NASA are gonna need a new arrangement for all their rockets.


And for all the multi-billion dollar contracts Elon Musk's companies have with the US government, the US government is going to have to either, I mean, unwind from all of those contracts, or Elon Musk's companies are going to have to unwind from him. This is an untenable reality in national security terms. Now that we know what we know about Elon Musk And what is that? What do We know that he endorsed President Trump? The, That he, that he's a fucking genius. They're very good at making enemies. And then when the enemies they've made treat them poorly, they are shocked.


This is what they do. They, they kind of bully people and they intimidate people and they threaten people. And then when those people then, You know, You know, go back at them or try to assert themself in any way, they're like stunned that that person has autonomy and is acting in their own interest. You know, this is happening over and over again. But this idea is crazy. Yeah. Because it's literally one of the most unique talents Yeah. In in terms of engineering. Yeah. In terms of, But she doesn't understand that. So that's the thing. She doesn't know that. Right. But how could there's 20 people doing it. That's what's crazy. Yeah. But how SpaceX has done things that have never happened before.


Sure. These, these Falcon Rockets landing. Yeah. The, the catching the Rockets with the, like all the plans they have for all these different things. The trips to Mars. No one's doing that. And this idea that you have a different political philosophy or ideology or you support a different candidate, and the solution is get rid of the guy who's the most genius inventor, perhaps of all time. The article I Was just reading said it has to do with his supposed conversations with Putin. He had a conversation Oh no. As of 2022. So did Tucker Carlson take him off Twitter? Yeah. And here's the other thing. I think that, from what I understand, and I've read a little bit about this, it's behind the paywall, But, oh God, Elon refused to provide starlink to the Ukraine because they were gonna use it to attack Russia and there was gonna be a dramatic escalation in the war.


Right. And I think he was trying to avoid that. Yeah. I think he was trying to avoid a dramatic escalation in that war. Well, So to people that want a dramatic escalation in that war, the people that think that's a good idea, he's an enemy. Yeah. Fucking Christ. It's, that's, that's something I think people should be voting on. Imagine if you put it up to vote for people. Like, Hey, do you guys think we should fund Ukraine to the tune of 190 billion? Yeah. And maybe have someone else come along and say, this is an alternative of what we could do with that money. Right. You know, there's no vote on that. There's no vote on a lot of the things that we're told to live with.


Yeah. There's never been a, a, a, a vote on immigration. There's votes for Canada to support it or don't support it. But there's never been a vote on should, You know, should we secure the southern border would unanimously be voted on. Yeah. And people would unanimously pretty much say Absolutely. Well, how about the voter ID laws? Yeah. 84% of America think we should have voter id. Right. Yeah. I showed my ID today. Jamie, what's the total so far? What's the, like, the latest results we wanna know for a Few hours. So here's what I will say though. We don't know anything. The polls don't close. Can we just be lied to early Voting? Can you slide to us a little early voting in Pennsylvania is down. You could check this out. Early voting in Pennsylvania is down for Democrats 2020.


You had 1.6 million registered Democrats vote early. Now you had 821,000. Whereas Republicans, early voters, I think last 2020 was like 547,500, 21,000 this time. Meaning that the Republican early vote in pa, which is the most important state, and Michigan and Georgia is around the same as it has been. The democratic of early vote is is somewhat depressed. It is not as strong as it's been now. I don't know what if that's a pattern. I don't know if that's Indic. That just it, listen, How many people have they kind of quiet quit the Democratic party. There's Tons of people. There's, there's a lot of hidden votes.


So there's people that are sick of Trump that are gonna vote for her. There's people that are sick of the Democratic party that are gonna vote for him. And then there's probably people that are motivated by, by Roe, Roe v Wade. Yeah. Women potentially might vote some. I think that's the Republican's biggest fuck up. It's A huge fuck up. I think suburban women are certainly a, a big demographic that swings elections. And How about urban women? Yeah, urban. All women. All women. All women don't want men telling 'em what the fuck to do with their bodies. That's right. Especially when men can't get pregnant. Yeah. It's too fucking convenient. Well, Wait a minute, psychopath. Hold on. What, wait a minute. I walked into that.


Do You know that they found out that that Boxer abortion affects men as much as it does women? Of course. Right? Sure. You know, they found out that that boxer that won the gold, gold medal in the Olympics is actually a man. No, that's not shocking. The one that everyone was complaining was, was a biological male. Yeah. Like you piece of shit. Yeah. They have a medical condition. No. Has a micro penis. Yeah. Internal testicles. Right. Went through male puberty. Biological male. Yeah. XY chromosome whole deal's. Won a gold medal in the Women's Olympics in boxing. It's so crazy to me. And I think the biggest problem is the donor class because the donor class of the Democratic party and like Republican party, you either have people that are business owners that are donating because of business interest or you have radicals Right.


That are donating because they are a, a radical activist that want something that the American public thinks is crazy. Right. And biological men competing in women's sports is something most people think is crazy. And, and 13 year olds getting puberty, blocking hormones, 11-year-old, You know, all that stuff. Most people think it's crazy, but they have to just kowt to this donor base that is maniacal insane. Maniacal and insane and insane. Yeah. Yeah. It's all about money. Right? It's All about money. And it, it's the, the, the money guys are at least like, at least the billionaires will go, I wanna build a casino, or I wanna do this, I wanna do that. I wanna pollute a lake. This isn't good. But You know where they're coming from when, You know, these radical activists, they're, they're kind of motivated by this ideology that nobody, it's a very small group of people.


Yeah. Like if you went to most people and said, do you think an 11-year-old should have a gender reassignment surgery or should take hormones to block their puberty? The vast majority of people would say no. No, they shouldn't. That's a crazy idea. But The thing is, most people will say something different than they actually feel privately because they don't wanna be attacked. Right. That's a weird one because the people that will attack you are almost always the people that are pro that shit happening. Right. Yeah. And those are the nuttiest fucking craziest. Those are the people that will misrepresent you and Yeah. Right. I have a friend who's, You know, they have very young children. They live in Long Island and they, You know, there's like a, now there's a book being read about gender identity to like five and six year olds.


Crazy. And they're, and I'm texting with them and they're going, we're very like liberal people, but we're really confused as to why this is happening. And Well, they let activists get into schools. That's right. That's what It is. A lot of these teachers are just activists. Yeah. And a lot of 'em don't have fucking kids and a lot of 'em are gay. Yeah. Or queer or trans or this or that, or they're, they're part of Capacity. Lot of them are women too. Here's the other thing, a lot of them are, are, are women. Not to blame women, but it's like, most of this stuff isn't being pushed. I I, I would, it's not Like It, it's being pushed because a lot of people go, they groomers or pedophiles, You know, some of them might be, but a lot of them are just, these do gooder types that want to have metals pinned on them and ribbons pinned on them as to what, how great they are as people.


Right. Right. So they're going, so it's not all these female teachers, they're not all trying to have sex with your kids. They're just trying to, to get accolades from their peers and they wanna talk about what a great person they are. So they're just like falling for anything. Mm. And they're out there distributing, You know, whatever it is. Books or, You know, telling kids because they want to be a good per, they wanna feel like they're a good person. They wanna be on the right side. They Wanna be on the right side of things. That's a good point. And they, they're just not, You know, I don't think they're, nobody's pushing back in a way. Like there's a lot of elitism and condescension that comes from the Democratic Party. The Democratic Party used to be a part of unions, of workers, of workers rights.


And, and, And it was a party that my people, like my grandmother was in for years because she believed that people should be able to have healthcare. They should be able to have sick leave, or they should be able to have maternity care, whatever it is. But then it became a party dominated by kind of corporate elites, very wealthy donors at Wall Street people, finance people, and also very radical fringe elements that are advocating policies that most Americans don't agree with. And then you, you cobble together that coal, that coalition of interest groups. And the only way that works is if you condescend to, Because you can't have these debates. 'cause they lose them. Right. They lose the debates.


Right. You can't have them. So the way to shut down a debate is to tell people, if you don't agree with me, you're racist, you're homophobic, transphobic, you're an idiot. Right. You're stupid. You're not worthy of having this discussion because they don't want to have the discussion. Because if they wanted to have a debate about healthcare, that's a debate. Right. People understand that. If they wanted to have a debate about, like, debate about early childhood education, people understand that. But the things they're choosing to focus on, like having a wide open southern border, for example, benefits nobody. Right. Truly u unless you are a billionaire multimillionaire who wants to hire people and pay them less money, it doesn't really even benefit the people that are coming into the country because they're working for wages that are far less.


And it certainly doesn't benefit Americans, but like, they don't wanna have that argument. Well, it Benefits the people that are coming into the country. 'cause they're coming from a place where they have fucking zero. Yes. So if they work for very little Sure. They're happy. They got 10 people in a house. Sure. They're not getting shot at every Day. But they're also much more likely to be taken advantage of than somebody who's a citizen. Right. For sure. So they're not gonna unionize or they're not gonna, You know, be able to assert themselves at all. Right. That's the argument for offering these people amnesty. But the thing is like, you've gotta vet them. You gotta figure out who's a fucking criminal. Like I'm all for letting poor people in that want a better life, but I'm not for illegal workers. Yeah. Meaning like, I think those people should be paid what Americans are paid.


Yeah. All I think there should be a standard on this soil. If you live in this fucking country, you should have a working wage. You should, if you're gonna work 40 hours a fucking week, you should be able to live on it. You should have healthcare. You should have all the things that people deserve. Yeah. And I think if you think, think about the amount of fucking money we spend doing other stuff. We could do that for everybody. Yeah. That, that could be done. Yeah. And it would fix a lot of the fucking problems we have with money in this country in the first place. Like the fucking, the amount of influence that pharmaceutical drug companies have on us. It's bizarre. And it doesn't exist anywhere else's crazy to here. I spoke to a a, a woman who is from Chicago and she worked for very wealthy democrat donors in Chicago when Sanders was winning, when, You know, he had won that primary Right.


And they were very threatened by Sanders. So she was working with all them. And they all went to DC and they all, You know, met candidates at one time. They were backing Buttigieg and then they met Biden and they decided even then, he was like, they go, he's not with it. This was even then. Oh yeah. And then there was a decision made that the best candidate to play ball, to unite the party and to get rid of Bernie Sanders was Joe Biden. So all of the democratic power brokers, all these big wealthy families decided to line up and destroy Sanders and elevate Biden. And that's when she said she left politics because she said she was so disillusioned because she thought her job was to like, help wealthy people make like, You know, political decisions that helped people get healthcare or whatever.


Right. But then when she realized that the job is actually to get rid of people who wanna change the status quo, she became disillusioned. She left politics, but she, it wasn her job. And You know, it it, so when somebody talks like that in the Democratic party, Bernie Sanders was doing it. They get rid of him. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. It's, You thought he was interesting. You endorsed him, you said Yes. He would be a very interesting candidate. Well, I liked his idea of making things easier for poor people. That's right. I think giving people a path to get out of abject poverty is a good idea. And his idea of taking and funding all these social programs based on a small percentage, like a, a fraction of a penny of all these speculative gambles that the stock market's doing.


Like maybe that would work. But it was like, and then he came off your podcast and they go go, he went on a transphobic pod. Like the attacks started immediately. Oh yeah. No, it was immediate. CNN was the first. Yeah. They, they called the podcast racist and homophobic and all kinds of different things. And I, I got, I, I found out about it 'cause I got a text message from a buddy saying, you okay. I'm like, about what? Right. And they're like, CNN is a, they wrote wrote a hit piece on you today. Right. I go for what they go for for Bernie Sanders. Like what? So this is the, you come out, you endorse And it a left wing candidate. And by way You, I didn't even endorse him. You didn't endorse probably you said you liked him. I said, I'll probably vote for Bernie. Right. He, he's, he's anti-corporate.


He's from outside of the system. And then immediately you're attacked. They attack the podcast. So it's like, yeah. You know, and then Kamala Harris, God bless. But this woman is running on a platform of joy. Joy's important. Joy is the, is the policy. The policy is joy. I want to take what she's taking where you're laughing all the time. That sounds like fun. The pla the Platform is joy. And and there's people right now that can't feed their kids that are eviscerated for, to whatever, You know, for whatever reason they, they're, they're not doing well. And they, they don't have healthcare. And she goes, be joyful. And our joy is our work. It's like crazy. It's like fully insane.


And I, I don't understand who that connects with. Well, it's completely manufactured, right? Yeah. The whole thing is manufactured by the media and by whoever is running the country, whoever's running the country. By the way, you're doing a great job considering there's no president. Right. We've had no president for months. That's right. Okay. Kamala Harris, couple months, maybe years. Sure. But Kamala Harris has been campaigning. She has no time to be president. That's right. Joe Biden is gone. Right. Every now and then, somehow or another, they let him wander over to a microphone. Yes. And he says wild shit. Like, I Like to take these Republicans and smack 'em in the ass. And Yes. Yeah. And then he puts a MAGA hat on. He's getting fun. By the way, I voted for him today.


I still support him. And because he's fun now, he clearly wants Trump to win. He hates her. Yeah. And he never liked the Obamas. This is well known. Well, Jack Post, how do you say his name? Post Poso. Poso. Byc. I believe Jack Po Soc posted on Twitter that there was a, a physical altercation between Jill Biden and someone from Kamala staff. I don't know if it's true, but it's fun. Well, Listen, Jill Biden we know is a psychopath and we know that because she's, she's very supportive. She's encouraged her husband who should be on a porch to, to run for president. It's disgusting. Jill Biden is one of the most, yeah. I think sometimes he's not like, I think he doesn't do good in the bright lights behind closed doors.


He's sharp as attached. She's a woman who claims to be a doctor. She's not a doctor. Well, You know that Why, You know Joe Biden? Is she a chiropractor? No, no, no. You know, Joe Biden just has a doctorate. She's not a doctor of anything. Oh, that's interesting. And she makes people call her Dr. Joe Biden. So already she's mentally unwell. Like Phil Cos Bill Cosio one, she's not even One like a professor. Like if you're a professor Right. And you have a doctorate, somebody might say Dr. Rogan or whatever. Right. But this idea that she's the first lady, not a medical doctor. Not a professor. Right. And still making people call her doctor while she's doing the least doctorly thing ever. Which is letting an elderly man be paraded around to try to win the presidency again.


It's crazy. Well, I think she was enjoying the power. Yeah, of course. And I think that ring is very hard. My precious, they don't wanna, they don't wanna let it go. Let go. My precious. Well, she's enjoying the power. She's enjoying not going, You know, maybe members of her family not being in jail, That would help That. She's enjoying that. Do you think he pardons his son because his son just got hit with a bunch of tax evasion charges? I mean, I don't know. I hope Trump pardons him and invites him into the administration. That's the ultimate win. Hunter goes and works for Trump, You know, You know, had a chance to have him on the podcast. No, Joe, and he didn't. I fucked up. I fucked up. Oh my God. It was early, early on when he was writing a book.


Remember when he wrote a book? I Remember that. Yeah. They, they reached out to, to get press and then the laptop story kind of blew up. Oh yeah. Well then, and then I was like, get him on. And then they were like, no, no, we Didn't. You don't want pre laptop, you want a post laptop. This was post laptop, but they thought they had squashed it. So this was before Elon had purchased Twitter. Gotcha. Once Elon purchased Twitter, and then they understood that there was a coordinated effort by 51 former intelligence agents to say that the laptop was rushing disinformation. That's right. And then, then the fucking cats outta the bag and then everybody knows what's going on. But, well This is the also the problem of saying that Donald Trump's unique threat to democracy when you have literally like credible, documented examples of intelligence officials lying to the public and facing zero consequences and trying to manipulate an election.


Yeah. I mean that's, that's, that's a huge problem. Well, Google's doing that right now. You know, have you ever seen the Robert Epstein work? Robert Epstein's work? Robert Epstein has compiled like all I'm familiar with the different Epstein's work. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Different one. Ephemeral interactions with Google, like Google search engine results and what you're, what you're shown on your homepage of Google News. Yeah. And, and how it influences people. Right. And how you can sway undecided like in a significant way, right. Towards one candidate or the other. Sure. Depending upon the search results. But one thing that people are pointing out on Twitter today, Jamie, let's see if we could replicate it. Why don't you Google, where can I vote for Trump?


Now if you Google, where can I vote for Trump? Let's see what it says. 'cause people, I'll, I'll show you what I saw people posting. It's mostly Harris stuff. Where can I vote for Trump? Okay, so here it is. Where can I vote for Harris? By the way, the first article is Esquire. There's only one reason anyone votes for Trump. Right? It's just hilarious. It's like, that's the, so you don't see this Google. Hold on. Slow down, slow down. Google admits Trump Harris search for discrepancy says fix is coming. I don't know what the fuck that means, but look at the bottom. So you Googled where to vote for Trump. Scroll down a little bit. Scroll down a little bit more. Where can I google search?


Where can I vote for Harris shows, right? A new conspiracy theorist taking root in election. Click on that. The variety thing. So this is it. Where can I vote? Where can I vote for? Harris showed a map while similar Trump search didn't. So you Googled, where can I vote for Trump? It didn't show the map. Now it's Google. Where can I vote for Harris? Let's see what happens. You Just vote centers, You just voted for her Vote centers. Yeah. By the way, that's counted as a vote. You just, that's counted as one vote. Let's scroll that. Go back to the top please and see what the Google A Okay. Same thing in the New York Post says, fix is coming voting for Kamala Harris.


Donald Trump will harm people. So it's negative things about Trump where you get negative things about Trump. If you Google where can I vote for Trump? You get negative things about Trump. If you vote Google, where can I vote for Harris? And then right away it says vote centers first search result is vote centers after you get past the news. Fascinating. So it's true. So look, see where there is, you don't see vote centers. You see all these stories. You don't see vote centers right away. When you Google, where can I vote for Harris? You see Vote centers right away. So it's not a conspiracy theory if you could just reproduce it. Fuckers. Yeah. Right Away. There's, there's, there's, I'm gonna get another Scars Dry there. There's a clearly a slant.


Oh yeah. With with with what, You know, the, the media. And that's the other thing with, there's saying a map popped up. I think Trump's had, You know, the advantage, he's also running against the media and the is terrible. Yeah. And I think his, one of his big advantages has been, You know, he's been able to kind of call them out successfully multiple times. Yeah. And so it's not just he's running against Kamala Harris. He's running against a hostile media that does a terrible job at reporting facts when it comes to him. Well, what's, well Donald Trump says wild shit. And some of it's, a lot of it stands on its own as wild and crazy.


Yeah. But when they manipulate it, You know, Pierce Morgan the other night when he goes, there'd be a blood bath in the auto industry if I'm not elected. Right. And then they just say, oh, there's Trump. If he's not elected, there's gonna be a bloodbath. One of the reasons why I was willing to endorse him was watching Obama repeat the lie that he said that white supremacists, that there very fine people on both sides. Right. Yeah. That's a terrible lie. He literally says, I am not talking about white supremacists and the KKK. Those people should be condemned. That's right. That's what he says. Yeah. Well, and and that's The whole thing. What he's talking about was the people that were coming to protest the fact that a statue was being taken out. What's interesting about Trump is wasn't That what it was a Statue.


He was the first guy. Yes. He was the first guy in Palm Beach. Whatever you think of Trump, there's reasons to not like him. There's very legitimate reasons not to like him. But he was the first guy in Palm Beach that opened Mar-a-Lago to Jewish people, to gay people, to, You know, people of color. Like people were allowed, there was all these, You know, country clubs in Palm Beach that prevented those people. And now obviously people go, well, he just did that for money. And it's like, sure, fine, whatever. But like he was the guy who did it. Right. He Opened, it's not like he was short of members. Yeah. You say he did it for money. Like Yeah. Packed opened the, and You know, so to, to me it's like his, one of the, his biggest advantages has always been that the press cannot help themselves when it comes to him.


They are rage addicts and they like hating him and he feeds them and they get more popular and they get bigger when he is around. Well, When he lost the election. Yeah. CNN dropped 40%. That's right. So Like right away they're Addicted to being in a, You know, hostile, contentious relationship with him and then misrepresent a lot of what he says and just flat out lies. And, and that's a huge problem. And they can't help themselves. If they got out of the way, it would hurt him. Because like any politician, then you are just going to be dealing with other politicians or your, your supporters or your detractors or whoever.


But you have this media that's lying about you and you can constantly call it out. It helps him. I Think the cat's outta the bag though, with the media. I just Oh, it's over. It's over. It's big time. I mean the, the video that I did with Trump is well over a hundred million views. Yeah. Between Twitter and YouTube and Spotify. Well over a hundred million. The one I did with Elon just yesterday was this morning, it had 65 million views. Yeah. Just on Twitter. I don't want to upstage you the video that I did that JD Vance got 3 billion views. Billion, it got 3 billion views. Nice. So I don't want to upset you, but No, I mean, do you, do you think it's going, 'cause me and you talked about this, I think it will be decided tonight.


But you think maybe not. No. Okay. Not of it's close. Interesting. I think that's when shenanigans take place. Shenanigans. If shenanigans are real. Okay. Yeah. If there's, is the really, there's manipulation. Manipulation will take place at four o'clock in the morning. Interesting. Don't you think? Well, don't you think that's when ballots show up? I mean, if you're gonna cheat, Here's the deal on both sides. My grandmother, my grandmother died in 2017. She was a big Democrat. She had been voting lately And she voted six times for Kamala Harris. And if you think that's wrong, that's disgusting. I don't know what to tell you. That's Who she would've voted for. She probably would've. Yeah, Of course. In her honor. Yeah. In her honor For, I dunno know how much fuck is going on down at the ballot box.


Probably some for sure some. So my friend who's actually outside, but I'm not gonna say his name say it. I don't wanna hurt him. Andrew is a boss. Boston comedian. Someone sent him a thing where there were like duplicate ballots in Georgia in 2020. Like weird Stuff. Oh, this weird stuff. Like really weird. Now I was a guy who was like, I, I bought the idea that I was like, Trump lost and people wanted Biden and whatever. And maybe that is a ca I don't know. But like there's, there seems to be more evidence of fuckery than I was willing to. But that doesn't mean it's, there's probably fuckery in every Election.


There's not zero. There's not zero. Right. So, but in every election there's something When I asked Trump, like, how do you say you lost the 2020 election? Can you prove it? So show tell me I gave him right? I gave him all the room. I would've given him an hour. Yeah. Like, tell me. Yeah. And he's like, there's plenty of information. They wrote a book, it's coming out. I'm like, okay, put it Out. You Gotta have in a digestible form, you've had four years, maybe it's out and I don't know. I haven't seen it. No one's sent my way. I'm, I'm willing to believe and not willing to believe. We know that the, the tech companies and the intel, intel agencies all coordinated to suppress certain stories. And like, they all admitted that No question. You know, I haven't seen the direct evidence of That's election interference.


That Is hugely election interference. I Haven't Well, they said that would've affected millions of people's decisions. Yeah. Well then that's a huge problem. That's A giant problem. You have 300 million people. The elections in the counties where Biden won was by like how many votes total in, in those swing states. I think it was like 83,000 in pa. It was very crazy. That's crazy. It was crazy. And if you imagine if 83 of those thousand people, if just half of them got ahold of that laptop story. Yeah. And, and, and listen, I think a huge problem is that the intelligence agencies are completely unaccountable. Yeah. Meaning that there's been no accountability at all for anyone who suppressed the laptop story.


I mean, where is this Kim Cheadle woman who the head of the secret service, the craziest thing in the world. The slope Roof lady. The Slope roof. I've taken Gravity B hits on acid on roofs that have more of a pitch than that. And I didn't fall off. I'm not exactly a Navy seal and I was able to Do it. They had snipers on a similar roof that had more of a pitch to It. The whole thing is as shady as humanly osi. He was cremated. The house was In 11 days. The house was professionally scrubbed, Professionally scrubbed. And then nobody talks about It. Well did you see the, the cell phone data that shows that someone Was meeting up with him? He was meeting up With FBI or close to it, close To the fbi. I offices was meeting up with them on a regular basis.


Where is this Woman's woman? Woman? He's in a BlackRock commercial. Yeah. The whole thing is weird. And then Beyond. It's Beyond strange. It's Lee Harvey Oswell 2024. It's fucking Crazy. And he has no digital footprint. Crazy. There's not one part. There's very few people that age that have no digital footprint. Right. And then if you talk about any of this or you say anything, people write it off as sort of a Q Anon whatever. But it isn't, it's valid. Legit. And, and people normies people that don't think like this are even going, it wasn fucking weird. It's just weird that they never had a press conference. They never had a toxicology exam. It wasn released. Yeah. There was no like someone wants to shoot the president.


Wouldn't you assume that person's out of their fucking mind? Maybe they're on meth. Maybe they, maybe we can find some sort of a reason while we feel a little bit better. And then the next guy was a guy who like the three stooges, a barrel of a gun is going through the bushes on a, on a golf course. Yeah. Like something outta the Marx Brothers. And that guy was a guy that like CNN or, or I forget which one had been speaking to about like the Ukraine. He wrote like a song about the Ukraine and how important it was to, to support the Ukraine. And he was being like interviewed by the news, like a cable news. And they had a relationship with him. And imagine if Fox News had a relationship with somebody who tried to assassinate Obama.


Biden Harris. Right. That never, you would've never heard the end of it. Right. Exactly. Most people hearing this, maybe you're hearing this for the first time, but like he was, this was like a source or this guy that they kind of profiled and You know, it came out that he was, and then his kid got busted for child porn. Wild. Just like Stephen Paddock's Brother. Yes. That what's wild. I'm just saying, Hey, how Much do You know about the Vegas thing? Is the true Not enough? That's never stopped Me before. Three were checked into the room with him. I was reading this thing the other day about how there's three unaccounted four women that apparently checked into the room with him. Interesting. I I don't know that But There What's that?


Jamie never heard that. You never heard that? I've Researched a lot. I mean, there is cell phones I think that were found that were unaccounted for. He had a girlfriend that wasn't there that I think he sent to the Philippines or something like that. But that's Heard, that's Mary Lou Danley was a girlfriend who went to the Philippines. Jamie's controlled opposition. He the point, You know, you can't really depend. He's a Reddit mod. I mean, he's a guy. He doesn't, who knows where he's, he's getting texts from Netanya. This Guy Kamala Harris is on speed dial. Yeah. I don't know. It feels, it's an interesting day because everybody has a weird tension. Yeah. Not here. People are friendly here. But I was just in a car accident. Everyone was friendly and the cops were, everyone was kind of friendly. But there, did Anybody recognize you?


No. Did you wear the glasses? Yeah. It was a nice Mexican guy And it was good. Like nobody My friend you from Yeah. The team di Show. Yeah. No it was, it was all very nice. And it was nice. And, and that's the thing about car accidents. It can be nice. And it wasn't my car. It was, You know, it was kind of a rental And it was just kind of nice to meet people and be out. But You know, It is a, a weird, there is an interesting, I think people just want this to be over A hundred percent. They Need to move on. Yeah. It would be nice no matter who wins, if we could all Just take a breath. Let's imagine she wins and one of the things that she has been very good about right, during the whole campaign is changing our opinions.


That's right. Based on what people think we can. Absolutely. If we can influence the president based on popular opinion. Isn't that a good thing Joe? I'm great at lying. Get ready. I hate ice cream. Like what she's been able to do, which I respect is look at the American people in line with them and that's good. Or at least adjust her opinion. She's adjusting. Let's like be the, You know. I Agree. Listen, I'm for Charitable as Possible. I'm charitable with her. I'm very charitable. I don't think she's like the worst. I like her. I think she's fun. I think she'd be fun to sit and have a drink with. I was really hoping I was gonna get to talk to her. I ho I was wishing that you would too. God. I mean it's just the the, the options were fly to her and meet for 45 minutes. And I was like, that's Not what you do.


It's, You know, Elon said it best yesterday. He goes, you really find out about people an hour two and three. Yeah. Yeah. Like you could bullshit people for 45 minutes. Right. An hour, two or three something's gonna come up. Well The great thing about your show is that it's not scripted talking points where people don't come on with an agenda and go here, I wanna say this, that and the other thing. You sit there for hours, you talk to them, you have real conversation and what they really think will come out. And, but here's the thing. I'm gonna be nice to you. I'm gonna be nice to Kamala Harris. I I would be so friendly to her. I wouldn't try any Gotcha. Bullshit. I'm not interested in doing that. I would, I genuinely wanted to know like who she is. You'd shoot guns with her. She does A Glock. Sure.


Let's go. Shoot. I'll take her to the range. She was on this show getting high. Oh my God. Smoking weed and then waving a gun around. Well she didn't have to wave the gun then I vote that's, You know, that's bad gun handling. Of course. I safety, gun safety is important. Don't point guns. Sure. But it's even when loaded, Tim Dylan. Yeah. But it's Fun. It would be fun. But here's the thing, if she did come on and just had a little cocktail. Yes. Her and I have a couple of whiskeys. Yeah. Talk a little shit. I bet she's fun. She's not much older than me. Yeah. No, she's probably fun. She probably is surprised by Pretty hot when she was younger. Yeah. I'm Sure she's listen, attractive lady. She's probably surprised that she's running for president. 'cause they told her, You know, she probably wanted to, there's there's reports that she was like, you're not gonna pass me over because they wanted to.


Is that what she said? Yeah. They Didn't want her. And she, Did she really have that kind of say though? Yes. Because she how, 'cause she would've thrown a fit and said they, they, they overlooked a woman of color Or had a press conference and exposed a lot of shit about how, how a machine works. Whatever she could have done, they didn't want to deal with that. And she's been a careerist her whole life. And she wanted the job. And What I heard was that Joe Biden kind of forced her in no way. What I heard was that they were gonna have a primary, but that Joe Biden said that he endorsed her. He endorsed her. And then it was this weird situation where they gotta kind of like run her. Interesting. By the way, I'm hearing this from fucking random people. We're all hearing it From random people.


Alley ways. We're all hearing it. I, I think she's, she's a very motivated, strategic person. Is There any evidence of that? Jamie? Find out if Joe Biden endorsed her and whether or not you were gonna I think he was made to endorse her. You know, he doesn't, I'll check that. But there Was three women supposedly with Steve Paddock. Oh. Oh good. So I just checked this in By the way. Oh, there was, yeah. Sorry. Steven Paddock's hotel records show. Oh, you controlled opposition. There we are. It's a fucking fact. Check by Community Notes. It's also Six years Old, but well still the whole story. Six years old. Stephen Paddocks hotel records show three women registered in his room. Interesting. On some receivers. But they could have been hosed probably. It could been like, this guy was a crazy Riverboat Gambler. Do you register a hooker to the room?


Fuck yeah. If you're wild, man. If you're wild man, you give him a card. Especially if you don't want those ladies stealing your Rolex. That's a good point. You gotta trust Him. Show trust. Ask on skim chicken's. Wild. Oh really? Somebody took his Rolex. Yeah. Wow. You know, you gotta be careful. He had a lady and she, she drugged him. He was Probably showing her the Rolex. He probably was a dumb ass. Yeah. Luke Show with the relax is Probably not good. And this is my dick. Right. Hans is probably not so slick. It's, it's a, But if you wanted to make sure they weren't stealing from you, you like, you have to have Id to get into the You have to have Id to get into the road. That Would be like, yeah, because this guy's a riverboat gambler. This guy's a wild dude. Right. He was a professional gambler. Yeah, sure. Professional gamblers. I think hookers and professional gamblers.


Yeah. They just fucking, And also he had no track record. That's the other thing that paddock was interesting. He just kind of, he's the, he's emerged. Right. That's interesting about these people. Steve, The, he might've been a gambler, but they gave him credit for being like a, a video poker. That's where he made all His money. That's where he made all money. It's like a, if you ask people that are really into gambling, like no one makes a lot of money. Video poker, Gambling really. Well, they, There's all kinds of reports about that. That it was some weird Saudi coup that they locked down the country. And the days after, I, I don't really know enough about it, but it was a very strange thing that, that just Doesn't make any sense. Has never been fully, I mean, why is He just shooting at a concert? Like what? Supposedly he lost his mind and then he just wanted to kill everybody.


And Here's the thing though, that's real too. That's Real too. That's real too. And if you really wanted to make a splash and you knew you were gonna kill yourself and you were some fucking psycho and you just wanted to gun down a bunch of people. Yeah. Then bang, let's see what's next. I, You know, it's one of those things where it disappears and then the thing about all of this is the news moves so quickly and so much is going on. You can't, it, it gets hazy. Right. The recollection of it, like the Trump shooting, even the rele, the recollection will get hazy in a few months from now. Forget a few years, even in a few months. The idea of it being a slope roof, people don't remember. Right. People just remember a guy climbed on a roof.


They don't remember. It was 120 yards away. The secret service didn't clear the roof. He was walking around. People were telling them, there's a guy walking around, he's creepy. He flew a drone over the area. He had a range finder. Yeah. All of those details that are very important, but The range finder's nuts. It's crazy. Like it, anybody with a rangefinder should be arrested. Right. Have you ever a range finder? Yeah. And you're walking around an area where the president or president candidate is gonna be, you should be arrested. You should be detained. Yeah. Someone should find out what you're doing, what you're up to. And didn't he have explosives in the car? Yeah, he had explosives. And they're sophisticated with radio controlled devices. He had remote controlled explosives. Like how is he getting that? He's 20 years old.


Yeah. Like what, what, where are you? What Google search do you have? Yeah. Like what, where are you ordering these things? How are you, How are you putting 'em together? Yeah. Had someone manufactured for you? Who, who'd you buy it from? Where's the investigation? Nothing. Nothing. There's, there's one thing where his father is leaving a Costco. There's one like video, Jamie, maybe you could Pull it Up where there's like one reporter and his dad and someone in like a mask are leaving a Costco or BJ's or something like that. And he's like, no comment. And he just gets into his car. That's kind of the only time I've ever seen the parent.


This is the only, I think they released a statement like, we're terribly blah, blah, Blah. It's also interesting. It's like some people this, here it is. This is the dad. Well, This is Trump shooter's. Dad blows off questions. Well, I got a pee, he said, but he, He's, there's another one where he's leaving a Costco. Let me hear him talking. I don't, I I was Trying to find out if it wasn the correct video Even. Yeah, that's him talking. Let's hear what he says. Is there any statement you'd be willing to share with us right now? Mr. Crooks? I gotta pee. I got a pee. He said for Gump, quote, the Interesting. Yeah. I mean, there doesn't seem to be a little casual for the fact that his son just tried to kill the fucking President.


He's a, he was at Costco. Well, look how calm the week after the, he was, he looked very calm leaving Costco. And he has a full cart of food leaving co. Like, it's insane. Well, Not only that, imagine your son is, forget about the fact that he tried to kill Trump. He did kill someone and he shot, he killed a guy. Two other people killed. He killed a guy who was trying to shield his wife or children. Look, if Li Can you stop this for a minute? Who is getting that much food two weeks after your son tried to kill the president? Well, Look at the size of that fellow. He probably eat lot of food. He has a, I get it. But he has a full cart. And by the way, he can't get anyone to go to Costco for him. He's walking around buying mini taquitos.


Well, He probably doesn't have any money. I mean, he's not a wealthy guy. Right? I mean, you gotta have a friend that will go to Costco for You. That's a pretty nice car. What is that? It is a B. You gotta have a friend that'll go to Costco. This guy's got a full cart. What is that car? That looks like a pretty nice car. This is just a weird to me. It's an interesting, like right after your son does this, you're at Costco buying the store With the Unabomber. Yeah. With someone with some fed in a, in a mask With sunglasses on The CIA goes Well, we'll take you to Costco. Keep your mouth shut. Yeah. Look at this guy with the glasses. What? Who's this? The hat, the hood he's got. Who's this? He's got gloves on, dude. He's got gloves on so he doesn't leave. Fingerprints. The Whole, it is crazy.


The guy has gloves On. It's insane. What does he have gloves on for? You know, it's not cold out. Don't show me this guy dying. Jamie, can you Please Jamie, stop with your algorithm. Jamie Enough. Jamie was, he was raised on live leak. He was, he was. Remember that? Yes. He was raised on beheading videos on live leak. It wasn back before Instagram. Yeah. Nowadays it's a good old days. I've seen more people murdered over the last three years on Instagram than I have my entire life of people psychos sending me things in emails. It's crazy. Did you see that video where the kid jumps off the cruise ship and the shark gets him? It's tough out there, but you can't do dumb shit. Sometimes. You do. Yeah. Don't do dumb shit. The summer between high school and college, we all know one person who did a really dumb thing and it wasn it.


Yeah. And sometimes you're that guy. Nobody wants to be that guy. But sometimes you're that cautionary tale, You know? And that kid will be immortalized every time they, someone, someone will go out to dinner or something, they'll go, when I was 18, we took a cruise for our high school graduation and a kid jumped off the boat and a tiger shark got him. It wasn it. Jesus Christ. What a way To go. And people will, will talk about that and tell their kids that. And it's a terrible Thing. Isn't a moment you hit the water, you fucking feel those teeth on your rib cage. Well, I Think he's treading for a minute. And then you just see him kind of go wonder. And they don't know what it is, but it's probably a shark. And he voted for Kamala. So if you are telling me he's not even racist.


Oh, well, Oprah, last night I'm watching Rally and I'm watching Oprah's out there. And she goes, if you cast a, if you don't cast a ballot for Kamala, you may never be able to cast a ballot again. Which seems extreme. That's so crazy. She said that, can You get up the rally? I want you to watch this. Will I Am is on a rally and he's doing this crazy Kamala rap. And then there were these two white kids, like college kids, like awkwardly dancing to this music. And then there's Doug Emh and then Tim Walsh. And I'm like, these are the whitest people. Like Kamala's just surrounded by this circle of like white nerds and weird people. And they're all like kind of trying to dance. And it's like a really sad words. Michelle Obama's just a much better speaker.


Like Michelle Obama. Why didn't she run? I don't know why She would've won. She is A, in a landslide, when You watch her talk, you go, she has political talent. It's raw, it's amazing. She can deliver. She can deliver. She didn't want to be, she didn't want to. She went with it through her husband. Yeah. Fuck, fuck doing that. I think She's like, fuck this. It's, it's probably a shitty job. Not Only that, you don't make as much money as you do being an ex-president. Yeah. I think if Trump didn't have the rallies, he might not wanna even do it Because it probably sucks once you're in there. But it's probably fun to be able to go on the road. Like he goes on the road like a comedian. Right. And he's able to kind of, You know, I bet once you get in there and you realize, oh, this is how it all works and this is how many deals everybody has that are preexisting. And if I touch this, this happens.


If I touch that, that happens. Yeah, I bet it's probably not that fun. Well, I bet it's probably fun. Well, first of all, Trump is almost 80 years old. Right? He's been famous most of his life. Yeah, that's good point. Right. Most of his adult life. And at this point in time, You know, he's not on the Apprentice anymore. How's he get his jollies? You know? Right. You gotta That's that. Have fun. He's, he's performing When he goes out and he kills, does those, he kills. Kills. He has bits He kills People love it. Yeah. Yeah. He's says funny shit, man. And here's The thing, idiot. And Andrew Sullivan, who's a writer from the uk, he's, again, not even, he's a, he's a, he's voting for Kamala, but he lives in America. But he said the thing about Trump is like, you can't say the rallies are not democratic. Right. They're the most democratic thing.


It might be. He goes, it's America in its foulest glory. Like, like listen, it might be crass And it might be certain parts of it might feel, You know, what a vulgar or whatever. But it is democratic to have people come out to speak directly to them and then have them vote for you. That is in essence, democratic. Well, you have the same thing on both sides, right? Yeah. You have low information, tribal voters. Right? So you have low information, tribal voters on the left who really do think Trump said there's very fine people on both sides and really do believe in the Russia hoax. Really do believe in all that stuff. And then you have people on the other side that are like ready to fucking shoot liberals.


That's right. And they have their, they're signs, they're Trump signs electrocuted in their front yard Yeah. To make sure people don't steal 'em. And Yeah. There's people that are off the rails tribally. When you have a group, and this is what I, I try to just, if you make a group and anybody could join that group, it's gonna be infiltrated by idiots. Right. 100% of the time. Yeah. And then those people are gonna do radical things. The name of your group, and then you have the proud boys. Yes. And then you have the extremes. Yeah. You have people that, that, that just drift towards the extremes. Yeah. And the whole premise of political life in America should be to keep people from drifting to those crazy extremes. 100%. And that the more you meet people in the middle, the less they're gonna do that.


Yeah. The more you are reasonable, instead of attacking people in this fucking crazy way where we know it's not true. I can't, like I used to think Obama was the best president ever. 'cause Obama, I think still to this day, the best statesman, he was the best example that you could take. This guy who is from a single family, it's not like he didn't grow single mom. Right. He didn't grow up with great privilege. Obviously a brilliant guy. Obviously very smart, great orator, and hey, we elected a black president. Maybe racial tensions can relax a little bit in this country. Right. Realize anybody could rise based on the merit of Yes. What, what they can do and who they are and what they stand for. I was like, he's the best. Right.


Finally, I felt really good about America when Obama was the president. Right. Honestly, I wasn't paying attention to politics back then because I didn't understand about, he was one of the worst presidents ever in terms of going after whistleblowers. Like it wasn a part of the Hope and Change website was that they were gonna provide safety to whistleblowers. That's not the case at all. It was one of the worst. No, O Obama was an extension in many ways of the national security policies of George W. Bush. Yeah. Which was a, You know, kind of zero tolerance policy for whistleblowers. And it was a, You know, the government has proprietary information and You know, if you, well, there was two Things that were passed during his administration that should terrify people.


One of them, I, I think NDAA was passed during his administration and the other one was the CIA's ability to use propaganda. Right. That the intelligence agencies are now legally allowed to lie and use propaganda and fake stories in the interest of national security. Yeah. The problem really is you are taking on, when you take on this behemoth, this thing that we've built. Yeah. It's very difficult to make inroads. And I wish Trump luck. I wish anyone luck that is trying to take this blob on this Also Unruly, unelected, unaccountable.


You don't know how to do the job. Yeah. You've never done it before. Yeah. And they don't tell you how to do the job until you get in there. The no one right. Explains to you what the fuck really goes on until you're behind the closed doors. Yeah. That's why you got a guy like Putin. He knows how to run Russia. Yeah. He's been running Russia for 25 fucking years. Yeah. This guy knows how to do that job. Yeah. He's really good at it. Like he's very good. If you take a comic on the road with you and he's gotta do an arena and he is only been doing comedy for 10 months, you're like, Hey buddy. Well, Putin's job is to just mediate conflicts between oligarchs, which is what he does very well. And I think that's, that's what people misunderstand about Russia. I I've read a lot about Russia and poison rivals. He's Really good at that. He's got Well, who, You know, people get sick, Joe. They do. And I was so mad. They all got Russian money.


They gave Tim Pool and all these people Russian money. I've been defending Russia for free for two years on my show. Not a dollar. How Did they get that money? What is the actual story behind the Russian money side? I don't know. But it was a, it was a, it was a front group. It wasn, I guess Russia was giving this group money and they were sponsoring these media entities that were, I don't think they even knew, I don't think the people knew Right. That they were getting Russian money. But some of them might have been able to sniff it out. I don't really know. Here's my question. Yeah. Isn't that a way that they could compromise you without compromising you? Sure. Just say you're connected to Russian money. It doesn't matter what your opinion is. Like, say if your opinion is counter to the narrative, but they sponsor you.


Yeah. And they give you the money and then it leaks. Thousand percent. That could have been a, it could have also been Russia doing it. It could have been us doing it. They could have killed Navalny. We could have killed Navalny. There was no reason for them to kill Navalny. He was in a Siberian prison. We had a very, but he Was an enemy of Putin. Right. Wouldn't be more. Yeah. But he was in a prison in Siber. Navalny. You just want to get him whacked. No, because Navalny was never widely popular. And Russia, this is a lie. Navalny was a anti, a very, You know, kind of, You know, anti-Jewish like kind of really right wing character. And a lot of his, his early writings were about that. Then he took a trip to Germany and then he came back incredibly progressive and very enlightened talking about Western values.


Really? So he met someone somewhere that said, actually this is better. And he came and said, okay. And they're like, tamp down the juice stuff. So then he goes back to Russia, You know, does all the things. He, he makes these documentaries that all the Putin's oligarch friends have big houses. Can you imagine that people that are working with the government get really rich and have big houses? This is crazy. This is only in Russia. So Naval does this whole thing and he shows all the corruption in Russia. And then our good government people go, look how corrupt Russia is. Putin's cronies get all these big houses. And Americans go, oh my God, he's so corrupt over there. And then, You know, listen, they try to poison him. I'm not defending you saying Putin's a a great guy, but this idea that, You know, we like to look at other places and identify things that we are also doing here.


It wasn one of the things that Trump said that people get very upset about. Remember that We killed people here too. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't wanna live in Russia and I don't think Russia's a better place to live. And I think the, the childish admiration for Putin among some people on the right is a little silly. 'cause they wouldn't wanna live there either. And they wouldn't do a, they wouldn't be good to do a podcast than Russia. That being said, why are we spending billions and billions of dollars to try to drain the Russian military over a land border with the Ukraine? We have zero. And the, and the reason is BlackRock and all these companies are being promised a lot of land in the Ukraine. They're being promised all, You know, Ukraine's a breadbasket of Europe. There's tons of agricultural land. A lot of it has a ton of, there's minerals.


Yeah. Lindsey Graham, I mean Jamie probably has that, that quote where Lindsey Graham literally said the quiet part out loud where he said, they've got all these minerals. We can't let Putin get that money, says Lindsey Graham, we can't let Putin get that money. And he says it, he's my favorite. And he says it and he's saying it out loud. And, and so a lot of people are just like, listen, and, and the Navalny thing happened when we had a bill. It wasn, I think it was a $60 billion bill for the Russia, Ukraine war that wasn't incredibly popular. People were getting sick of it. And then when Navalny died, and I'm again, I don't know who did it, but when he died, there was a renewed, you see, look how bad.


Don't you see why we need this money? Look how terrible this person is. So it would've been a weird time for Putin to kill him. It wouldn't have made any sense. Right. Putin's aware that we have a a a bill on deck. There's something crazy about Putin killing him. Exactly. At that time. Let me hear Lindsey Graham talk. Let me hear him talk The Ukraine. I am for Ukraine support. We can't pull the plug on Ukraine. Let Putin get away with this. We need to be all in with the goal of allowing Ukraine to evict the Russians. Pause for a second. Pause for a second. Tell me you couldn't picture that guy with a ball gag and like a leather No, it's Type.


No, I, it's, that's the least of what he has. But Jamie, there's another thing where he literally talks about the minerals, the rare earth minerals Yeah. That are in the Ukraine. Which is the entire reason. It's like my, I put it on my Instagram. It's Like, it's one of the craziest things I've ever seen. Yeah. Here it is. Yeah. This, this one right here, Ukraine sits on, go back up to the top where it's at it, They're sitting on trillion dollars of minerals. It could be good to our economy. So I wanna keep helping our friends in Ukraine, they're sitting on 10 to $12 trillion of critical minerals in, in Ukraine. They could be the richest country in all of Europe. I don't want to give that money and those assets to Putin to share with China. If we help Ukraine now they can become the best business partner we ever dreamed of.


There we Go. Pause. How crazy is that guy Crazy. And how crazy is his job? Yeah. International fuckery. Yeah. Money and Well minerals. Well, he's kind of a, I would imagine something I should have been is he's a kind of a closeted gay super villain, which seems like a fun thing to be. Why would we let, is he supposedly married? Get that money? Is he supposed to be married? I, He's, isn't he married? Find out. But I mean, it's a fun thing. And There's something funny about like a feminine male war Monger. Oh, he's a case super villain. Which is great. Yeah. Let Putin get that money. That'd be the best business partners we've ever had. Trillions and trillions of Trillions of, of minerals.


Minerals. I Love pussy. It's the best. Trillions of minerals in that Ukrainian uk wet pussy, Ukrainian pussy, something. It's, it's, it's crazy. But then you think about it and there's all these young Ukrainian men and Russian men who are dying in this war because we've consistently told them not to make peace. And that's the dark part of it. He's never been married. Has no children. Interesting. Oh, interesting. He was close friends with John McCain. What's that supposed to mean? Why you, why you throwing McCain under the bus? He's dead. He can't defend himself. So Lindsey Graham is a fun, gay, super villain. Yeah. And you need that. You need it because, And it just made his way up the Ladder. He just made his way up the ladder. Like Those guys are just like different kinds of people.


And I think that's what most normal people who live normal lives have a hard time understanding. 'cause if you are a guy who works at a fucking auto repair shop, you have no relationships at all with people like Lindsey Graham. You don't even think they exist. Right. You know, it's like, You know what it's like when, well, let me tell you something. You don't have kids. But if, when you have kids, one of the things that happens is you, you go to these things where you have to hang out with parents. And the only things that you and the parents have in common is that you both have kids. And so you have these fucking agonizing conversations and then you realize, oh, these people don't know any fun people.


Right. They don't have anyone in their life that lives a fun life. And they start asking questions like, how do you come up with your jokes? Like when you, how do you make your podcast? Who, who are you talking to? Who do you, how do you get these people to come on? Like, what do you do? Like, how'd you get into the UFC? Like all that stupid shit. But it's like they don't know anybody who's living a weird life. Right. Right. We don't know anybody who's living that weird life, that weird Lindsey Graham life where you are all huddled up together wearing fucking suits and ties. Yeah. And you're in these, like, these halls of justice. Yeah. These important, you're in the senate room. Yeah. You're in this room where everybody stands up and claps when the president says the most mundane shit. Well it's also that That political, that that, that political, that survival instinct seems like fun.


Somebody has, it seems like fun, You know, decades of being in that position. I'm thinking about running. Oh, it's a lot of fun. What do you think it should be? A congress person? That'd Probably be easy. You can't, you gotta go Governor. Governor executive. What state? Let me get up. Fucked up. We'll Do, should we live in it? No. I would never run against Abbott. I love that guy. How about See Right, right then and there. You can't, it's you're not cut out for it. Yeah. I gotta move some. You're not cut out for it. Nah, I am. I am. I'm do it a different way. I'm, I gotta move somewhere. Utah. Fucked Up. Utah. Utah. Utah. I become Moron city. I'll become a Mormon and Utah. I Would've a lot of fun. I think about it. 'cause I like DC and I think it might be fun for a few weeks to be like a press secretary. That would be great. I Bet those people party. They Paul, of course they party. I bet they party hard.


I bet they party in ways that are probably too hard. You know? Did I tell you the one night where I went out? I think there's Documentaries about how hard they party. Oh. Did I tell you one night that I went out with Dave Chappelle in Denver? Ever tell tell you this story. Y Yeah. It was Like, it was like the wildest thing ever. Well it's like he knew these after hours places. Yeah. These, it was like a scene in John Wick. Right. We went through an alleyway. We went through this big door into some like fucking warehouse. And then there was this bar, this beautifully appointed bar where the guy was wearing like a fucking a a a tuxedo shirt with a vest on. Right. And the woman was beautiful. And there was no one in the bar. Right. There was me and Dave Chappelle and a few other people. Yeah. And they kicked us out. 'cause Dave sparked up a joint.


Oh, That's so funny. And then He took me to another place. It wasn crazy. But it's like he knows places where you can go and be private. Yeah. 'cause he's stupid famous. Of course. So when you are a fucking politician and you're a part of an industry that has existed in these shadows for decades doing things outside of the public's knowledge, the, the full integration of the intelligence agencies and the deep state and everybody's got dirt on everybody and there's madams and fucking Yeah. There's all kinds of hookers and crazy shit going on. Right. You know, so many people make it through that're like Andrew, the Anthony Wiener guy. Absolute freaks. Yeah. They're in and they're in. There're they're deep. So this, it's not Just one of those No.


There's probably a fucking shitload of 'em. It's an economy. They keep each other's secrets and they probably get together and they put on masks and fuck each other. Yeah. Just like eyes wide shut. Yeah. That's It's probably real. Yeah. It's probably the otherwise what are they doing it for? There's No that, it's a good point. What is the point? How do you let your hair down? Well, That's whole thing with the Obama chef. People go, oh, the chef. And I go, if you can't drown your lover in Martha's Vineyard, why do anything? Right. Why be President if you're the president? What the fuck is the point? I mean, truly think about leaders throughout history. What is the point of not being able to kill your lover in two feet of water when he's a great swimmer? He's a great swimmer and very fit. And none of it made any sense.


But it's Like, that's the whole point. It's like, What happened to that investigation? There will never be one weird, there's never gonna be one. Because at the end of the day, I don't think America really wants to know. I don't think they want to know. I Think Tucker Carlson wants to Know. Tucker might, he's maybe one guy that wants to know. But e even him, does he really wanna know? It's, that's the whole thing. It's Like he had the guy on that claims he sucked Obama's dick. I know. That's hilarious. They talked for an hour. I know. But that's the thing. It's like, I, I think that there's a deep, deep misunderstanding of what this place is.


And it's not only, You know, it's not only like crazy like odds of sex parties and stuff like that. But w we've, we're doing a lot of things all over the world that people don't really know about. Nobody's, nobody's abreast of what we're doing. Right. We're doing things in Africa, we're doing things here, we're doing things there. Right. We've got a lot of, we got footprint everywhere. A hundred percent. And we're, we're backing people that sometimes they're people we align with our values a lot of times they're not. Right. Right. Like the whole Israel closet thing is a big problem for Harris. It's a major issue for her in Michigan.


And if Interesting. Yeah, it's big. Did you see the reports that she was running two separate messages to two separate places. She was running a pro-Israel message to one place and CNN called her out on it. Yeah. And wanting a pro-Palestine message to another place. A lot of them do. They're, that's what They do. But that's crazy that people are not gonna check. And it's crazy that CNN called her on it. Yeah. Do I have hope for CN Like I think I do. Yeah. I think CNN probably recognizes, hey, we have to actually just say the fucking news except we about pharmaceutical drugs. Yeah. But everything else. Right. Just say the news. And I don't know what Trump will do in that situation with the Israelis.


I hope Milan buy CNNI hope That we don't invade Iran. I should have asked him yesterday if he was gonna buy CNN that would be amazing. Imagine if you buy C he's go buy cnn. Why not? Does CNN make any money? It's worth a lot of money. Is it? Yeah. Because you think about the money that they generate through advertising, but it's, well, the Pharmaceutical ad, that's the problem. So if he buys CN it's not all, but it's a large chunk. But the the thing is like that money is real money. That's how, that's what keeps 'em afloat. Sure. Like, so if if their numbers, if they had exists on YouTube. Yeah. Like if CNN's numbers existed on YouTube Yeah. There's no way they'd be able to support a giant fucking building filled with employees. Well, Wouldn't he be beholden to the same corporate advertisers that hold everybody hostage?


How So? Meaning like, the ma the biggest advertiser in all of these cable networks is pharmaceutical companies. 'cause they're all the, the, the demographic is geriatric people watching Them. Well, the problem is that you can advertise for pharmaceutical drug companies in this country and only two countries in the world allow it. Us and New Zealand and New Zealand's more restrictive than the United States. Yeah. Like have you ever watched the ads on Fox News? Oh yeah. It's crazy. It's all like life alert. It's like, yeah. Fall down in the shower. It's all Scary pharmaceuticals. Fox News, If you think about it, the, the demographics, older scared white people. That's, that's what I think about when I think of Fox News. Yeah. So I guess you just gotta find a way to make it profitable without those types of ads or, or those companies have to let you.


But this is my point. Yeah. I think it's a Ponzi scheme. I I don't think it is profitable without those kinds of ads. No, it won't Be because it's not profitable based on the viewership. Right. So you can get major advertisers who are willing to spend a lot of money for the prestige of being on CNN. Yeah. There's something to that. You know, like an ad on CNN maybe means more than an ad on YouTube. But the reality is, if you look at the actual numbers, like how much revenue you're generating for your company, unless you are engaged purely in propaganda, and this is the argument. So like what, what was the quote that someone said to us the other day about how it was Cali means said how much the pharmaceutical, pharmaceutical drug companies spend on advertising every year. And it's billions of dollars just on ads.


Billions and billions of dollars. I think it was, was it eight or 80? What did he say it was? Jamie will find it. But it's gotta be crazy. It's an insane amount of money. But that money is not making them money in terms of so many people are seeing those ads. They're going out and buying drugs. What that is doing is it's ensuring that there's no criticism. Right. It's ensuring that you don't question any narratives. That's right. That all the Robert f Kenny Jr. Types, they all get demonized. They all get called kooks. They all get called dangerous anti-science people by the, the way quoting The way I'm excited, You know, if Trump wins, I'm excited to see if RFK really gets to like start Look at that month doing stuff.


Look at that number 2023 pharmaceutical industry spent around 15.58 billion in advertising. $15 billion In ads. That is crazy. That's so much fucking money man. Well, how are people gonna know about the Drugs? It's not that man. I don't think it's that. Not, I'm kidding of I think it's a little bit of that Because it normalizes it, it gets the words out, You know, whatever. We also don't have, also, we don't have a functioning healthcare system. Right. So it's not supposed to be like a grocery store where you pick the drug. It Does. If you have a good doctor. Right. You you can have a functioning healthcare system. Yeah. But you gotta, you gotta have some cash, You know, to, You know, You know, that's the problem. It's like we, we have everything's for profit.


Everything's like there's a million. You ever go to a pharmacy in like a, a Scandinavian country? There's like 12 things. Yes. They don't have like our pharmacies are, there's aisles and I, it's like a grocery store of all kinds of different shit. It's just a real problem. When you allow people to profit wildly off of people being sick, then they have a vested interest in people staying sick. Well that's why. Whether it's mental illness. Yeah. Physical illness. Sure. Whatever it is. What about RFK do you think I would, it would be interesting to see him try because You know, he's, You know, for a long time, You know, he is been an advocate on behalf of not only, You know, obviously environmental stuff that's well known, but like public health. Yes. So it'd be interesting to see like what, 100%, first of all, why do we have fluoride in our fucking water?


Yeah. That's one of the things that they're talking about that r ft was Saying, well, the British people's teeth are gross. Yeah. Brush your fucking teeth. Is that why? Yeah. But they have fucked up Teeth. I think part of the reason why they have fucked up teeth, they ate a lot of soft foods for generations after generation. Isn't after Generation fluoride though. That doesn't man is Well, Fluoride does have a reaction to your teeth. But I mean, you're swallowing it. So how much of it effect is it? And also it's really bad. It's bad for IQs. There's a direct correlation between high levels of fluoride and drinking water and low IQs in children. You can, there's a corresponding number depending upon the Yeah. Amount of fluoride in the water. This, I think the whole way they found this out about fluoride in teeth. I, I think it had to do with natural fluoride.


And I think it all began in Texas of what is fluoride? Fluoride's a mineral. And fluoride is also a neurotoxin Like It certain levels like depending on how much, but Right. The, the point is the corresponding increase in sugar consumption is not taken into consideration when people are looking at, when they started, people started getting tooth decay. Right. And like whether or not they had fluoride in the water. Like we went, there's a time in our history where all a sudden massive amounts of processed food and sugar are introduced into our diet. Like whatever it is, seventies, eighties, whatever the year it was where sugary cereals and do fucking cookies and candy bars just came everywhere.


That's when people started getting more cavities. That's also when people started experiencing all these health problems. Right. All that stuff is together. Chronic diseases and autoimmune condit. It's the solution does Not put fucking fluoride in the water. That's like saying, oh, some people get skin cancer, let put sunscreen in the apples. No. Hey you fucking idiot. Right. First of all, you can have two. You can have toothpaste with fluoride in it if you so choose. Mine doesn't have fluoride in it. I haven't had fluoride toothpaste for fucking years. Yeah. I don't have any cavities. You know why I brushed my teeth? Where is all this non fluoride toothpaste? Can you share it with some Of us? Toms of Maine. Oh, Toms of Maine. Okay. Yeah that's Good stuff. Okay. There's a lot of companies that sell and Eddie Bravo had a really good point. Believe it or not. Eddie Bravo had a really good point that wasn't crazy.


He said, why would they say fluoride free in a toothpaste if, if fluoride wasn't potentially bad for you? Why would anybody want fluoride free toothpaste if fluoride was really the active ingredient? It wasn preventing you from having tooth decay. Well it's also when I saw like Doug AMH at Whataburger or Trump at McDonald's, I was like, we shouldn't have these politicians be in these like they're kinda like poison factories. We should have politicians that's like kind of showing up to a Marlborough factory and lighting up. Like there's something weird to me about yes. But yeah. Yes, but I eat McDonald's. I know if I'm on the road I've like a, a year ago I had a quarter pounder with cheese. But you have to stop comparing yourself to like other people because like you have a tremendous amount of discipline and it's like the 9-year-old getting fat at McDonald's is not going to be able.


So I'm just like this celebration of fast food and listen, I love fast food and I was raised on it. My family raised me on it. Thanks. But like when you see politicians going in there, It is a weird feeling. It is weird. It's like odd to see that. Yeah. I, but I liken it to being at a Coca-Cola factory. I don't have a problem. That's Bad too Probably. I know. But I think again, I do have discip Discipline. Gotta send the military into these places. Taco Bell, Denny's. I see they fucked us all Up. I see. We put Taco Bell now has the Mei melt is back. Did You know that Taco? I don't. You know what thei melt is, taco? It's, Well it's, it's on the decades menu. Taco Bell's bringing back things from previous decades and they've brought the Mei melt back.


They, they're fucking ozempic and all this shit hit. And now fast food's doubling down 'cause fast food's Going, Fuck me. Fuck you, fuck you. Right. They're gonna start to bring back shit. Ooh, this is now coming back. That Does look good. That is the least Mexican of all Mexican foods. Yeah, no it has nothing to do with Mexico. Yeah. It's just garbage fast food will not go away quietly. They think they're gonna, oh we're gonna bring in these drugs fast food's. Like you'll see what we'll do. Yeah, That's fine. Let 'em, we'll do, I'm fine with that. No one's gonna mandate Taco Bell, that's the thing. But There is, You Know, there is something, you go to Australia and it's a nanny state. Nobody's allowed to do anything. But You know what, they all, they're kind of hot. All of them. Not Only that, they have grass fed beef in their burgers.


I know my buddy Adam came over here and he had a, he always gets a quarter pounder with cheese in Australia, whatever the fuck they call it. And he said, he goes, dude, I had one over here. It tasted like cardboard. It was fucking terrible. Right. It didn't take, he goes back home. It's like fresh grass fed beef. Well also they'll pull you over if you're driving in Australia, they just have dewie checkpoints no matter who you are. And you'll just go through them and blow. And obviously I'm against that because I think it's, You know, it's like an infringing on your freedom. But they love it there. Well They don't have guns. They Go, we love it. And they go, we feel safe. But they're, it's also, they've just accepted it. Well they've gotten Well they're accustomed to it but they didn't feel they've gotten accustomed to it. Didn't feel like that. It's literally a prison colony. But Yeah. But they don't care. That's the thing. But They do, Do they? They do. They're very Upset.


I talk to Australians and they're like, happy with that. My buddy wants to move here. Of course he does. 'cause he's your buddy. But most of them are like not that bothered by it. They don't care. I wonder if that's true. Yeah. I just don't know. I think it's their reality. It's the reality that they, they live in and you, because they Look at us and they go, you guys have school shootings, you have poisoned food and you great. You get to work and drop dead and all that stuff. We are, yes we are nannied, which I would never wanna live there, but I don't know. I talk to people there. They go, yeah, they're nannied. They don't let us do things like they, they regulate the food or they have the dwe checkpoints, but they kind of, I don't know, they kind of accept it. Interesting. You know, there's probably a trade off if it doesn't get outta line.


Sure. You know, like you don't want people driving drunk and if you just had DUE checkpoints everywhere And they all drink, they're all drunk. Yeah. That's a difference. But if You had those DUI checkpoints all over the place, if people just accept it as a part of life, how much of DUIs would drop? A ton. A ton. But don't. But I still hate the idea of it. Idea the idea because I'm American and we're Americans. Well especially if you are not, here's the thing. Like you can piss or a blow hot for like a drink and a half, right? Yeah. Like what is, what's the tolerance? I've gotten in more this accidents, car accidents sober than I did Drunk. I drove drunk for many years. Never hurt anyone. I got in an accident today. Completely sober, rushing to get here. Was it your fault though?


Yeah, it was. I kind of crossed into a lane I shouldn't have but, but it was just tires. It was a quick thing. It was a lovely man. Everybody was fine. And he'll sue me later. I'll sue him back. Who cares? You know what, nothing matters. Everyone's fine. That's the thing about America, it doesn't matter. You can just sue people and they'll sue you back and then lawyers figure it out. Bro. If you go to court in those sunglasses, you're gonna lose those. I may Lose. It doesn't matter. I'll just make more money. Where'd you get these? I got 'em at Louis Vuitton. These are fucking great. They're sick. I figured I'd show up with a good Tell. Tell me if I could pull these Off. Absolutely. You did it. What do you think You should have endorsed Trump in those? They are sick. They're sick.


Austin, shout out to the domain. Louis Vuitton at the domain. Can you send me a link? They're great. Send me a link before I Forget. Send them a link. I'm gonna get a pair of those. How do you, so you think it do. Does anyone concede tonight? Does anyone have a victory speech? No. I think it takes days. North Carolina's the first to call. They say what was The longest one was the dangling Chad? They Yeah, it wasn two months. It was hilarious. SNL was doing really funny stuff. It wasn When Will Farrell was Bush? Did You know What happen with Sn l with her? So SN Should given him equal. Equal should given him equal Time. So they have to run ads for him now.


That's really funny. They had to run like some 92nd ad. Is that true? Find enough if that's true. Is it true? Yeah. I read it on Twitter, but You know, could be some Chinese bought planting stuff in my feed. So I say stupid things. I Course they're watching our election China. 100%. He's watching She Like this like, ah, imagine voting. Right? Imagine just let these fucking dumb asses pick who gets to fucking run the military. I wanna go there so bad. Have you ever gone there? No. Interesting. No, I went to Taiwan once, but it was a stop over on the way to Thailand. Do You like the idea of China? Like, I don't mean, do you like the idea of China but like visiting it? Yeah, I would love to visit it. It's fascinating, right? I would love to go see the Great Wall.


Well that's, you're into that. Yeah. Ancient cultures And I would love to go to Mongolia. The elk hunting in Mongolia is a big thing. Like there's a lot of like elk hunters go to Mongolian. Mongolian has like a large elk popul population and a lot of people aren't voting. What is this? Someone's in trouble here, right? Well, not quite in a statement to Hollywood reporter. FCC reportedly claimed that Brent, that Brendan's statement does not reflect their views on the appearance. Oh, who's Brendan? He's the guy. He's the guy it wasn tweeting at Who's, he's one of The five members of the FC. Okay. So the agency added, they had not made any determination regarding political programming rules, nor have we received a complaint from any interested parties.


Here's my take on it. If you can't do a sketch on Saturday Night Live, if that's promoting a candidate Like It, you, you have to have equal time. Like why do they have to do that? But we don't. Why is that? Like if I just, They're governed by the FCC. Right? How Crazy is that? Yeah. Think about that. If I just decided, You know what? I don't want to interview kalo. I only want to hear one side of the story. Yeah. You know, I don't want to hear Tim Walsh. I only wanna hear JD Vance. If I just decided to do that, I could do that. Right? Which is kind of weird, right? Yeah. If it's the number one podcast on earth, like why, why am I, yeah, but You know, what is, why am I even allowed to do that? Because you are, you are not on government regulated airways.


That's my point. Like, why is the Government don't, we don't want that. Let's not. This is, let's not ask why. But they should. We don't want them coming in. Well, they shouldn't be doing anywhere. They shouldn't be anywhere. You should be to do whatever The fuck you want. Yeah. I'm, I'm more for that. But here's the thing coming into this space, but Why is it okay to do, why is it okay to regulate in that regard? But you're not regulating the percentage of positive versus negative news stories. Yeah. Like you're, You're Choosing. Sure. Choosing I always Thought the regulation was just like no tits until 9:00 PM But It's like the rules of equal airtime. Remember when Sipowicz showed his ass on NYPD blue? Like it wasn a big deal. It wasn a big deal. It wasn a big deal. Dennis Fran. Like, I thought it was, Did they say bullshit once too?


It wasn a big deal. It wasn a big deal. Like I, I didn't, I said Bullshit on tv. I didn't realize it was like, Like It was equal time. But I mean that makes a lot of sense. Well I Think Stan Hope had an issue with that when he was fake running for president. Oh. Because Stan Hope said I'm gonna have to stop doing shows because shows almost count as like a campaign speech. Oh. And you have to offer the opposing side equal time or something like Oh, that's crazy. Those one. That's crazy. Yeah. Like I think there's laws and we should call 'em. I should call 'em. Let's call 'em right now. Call Stan Hope. That's Crazy. Yeah, That's interesting. Alright, let's see. Let's see what he has to say. Verizon. Because he actually, ah, shit. You're calling Stan Hope.


What are you doing? He, oh, he's got a different number. Hold on a second. Stan Hope Call Stan hope bat phone. That's the real one. He's got a bat phone. I love a good bat phone. God, I hope he picks up. He's probably drinking, staring at the TV right now. Yelling things. Smoking cigarettes. Come on. Douglas recall has been Fuck my call back. I'll, I'll Text him. But that's interesting 'cause there are all, there are all these rules that we're kind of, You know, somewhat familiar with that govern the whole thing.


Yeah. That you're, you're allowed to do This, Douglas. I'm live on the air with Tim Dillon. Call me as soon as you see this. I have a question about when you ran for President. Jamie, what about the exit polls? Is there an exit poll? They're not release those until the things close as well. Ugh. I was looking for something. Are you, are you anxiety ridden? No, I don't think so. Are you worried at all about this? I mean about the election? Not in general. Real Life. Not really. Not really. I have more anxiety about other things in the election. What's the big an Well, me it's more, We all Google weird diseases and shit. Yeah. I don't do that. You know. Well, I mean, stay healthy. Come on Tim. Lemme get You healthy. It has nothing to do with that. Weird diseases attack healthy people all the time.


Oh, you mean like Ebola type stuff? Oh, Well the stuff that you, people just get stuff. Oh, nobody can do sit-ups to the Bria. A brain tumor doesn't happen. You might be able to. No you can't. I think I'm gonna pull that off. You think so? Yeah. And that makes you feel good. But that's great. I feel great. That's great. You wanna live for 300 years. For what? That's the whole Thing. I am enjoying myself. No, I'm enjoying myself too. But you, you want to live through the Jake Paul administration? Like what? What? Oh dude, I'm gonna be his vp. What's it? It's 82 degrees in New York City And Jake Paul running shit. It's two degrees in New York City right now. It's, I don't know. It matters who wins the election? You know it's worse than 82 degrees. Yeah. Minus 82 degrees. Everybody wants. Yeah, but it doesn't, everybody's scared of global warming.


Listen, you don't want the fucking ice age. Nobody wants the ice age, but Yeah. But But these fucking eggheads wanna spray shit in the sky to protect us from the sun's raised. Well, nobody wants that. And it just feels like eventually the planet will expel us. Nah, you don't think so? No. You don't think the Planet would get rid of Us. The only thing that's gonna happen to us, look, the planet could fuck us up if the planet hits us with the, the big one that could get us for sure. Oh, I'm on do not disturb. Hold on a second here. The big one that could get us for sure is it's an asteroid. Asteroid. Yeah. Or super volcano. Either one of those could really, really fuck us up. Yeah. 'cause those are real and those happen all the fucking time. So that, that's a, that's our number one problem is a natural disaster. A supernova in a nearby galaxy would kill us.


Any sort of like real blast from the sun would wipe out all our communication system in our grid. There's, there's things that have definitely happened in the past that if they happened today we'd be fucked. But I think our biggest threat is us. I think our biggest threat is these crazy motherfuckers that are making all sorts of money off a war and they keep pushing these agendas in these countries and they're, they're pushing international conflict that we're all involved in. Absolutely. And it's nuts. And I don't think it's gonna last much longer. And I think that's where they're getting hyper-focused on getting things done right now. I don't think you're gonna be able to do this when you have sentient artificial intelligence. I think that is the end of all that. That's the end of all this global thermonuclear war.


That shit's all gonna go away. I think what they're doing right now is this mad dash to control as much resources and power and money as possible before the entire fucking world changes. Yeah. And you have robot aliens living amongst us. Elon said yesterday that he thinks that, how, what year did he say how many years, 20 years from now, there'll be more robots in earth than there will people or in America. Wait a minute. Robots than People in 20 years. What was the year? What was the timeline he gave us? He said 10 to 20 or something. 10 to 20 years. There will be more robot. Does he robot like Tesla robots. Wow. These's robots he's making. I said, and I was like, imagine if you just robot bodyguards you walking down the street, you got two terminators with you.


Yeah. Is nobody's gonna fuck with you. Is this good though? Him doing all the robot? Like let's bring all the It's Better than a lot of other people doing it. Yeah. He's moral and ethical about these ideas. He's one of the first people to sound the alarm about artificial intelligence. That's Good. That's Important. He was like, you're, you're, you don't, you're gonna make our successor. Like, and these fucking people are just running towards this cliff and no one knows takes, But he believes that he's gotta merge. Right. Well he believes now because he's running his own ai, the large language model that they use for Twitter rock. And he's got a, he's got another startup is involved with, with Nvidia. Like there's a, he's, I think he feels like he got a, he's an early investor in open ai. Yeah. And I think he's suing them right now because it's not, it's not open AI anymore.


Right now It's like a private company. It's the whole situation with whether or not they've achieved artificial Sensient came up. Yeah. Remember when they, they kicked out Sam Altman for a little bit and then he came back and then brought him right back in. Like, what the fuck? Everyone's like, what the fuck are you doing? Yeah. I don't know what was going on there, what explanation, but he's, he's worried that there's a race going on. If the wrong people win that race we're fucked. It's, it's Terrifying. We're fucked if China wins that race and China apparently, whether it's open AI or one of these companies, there was some sort of a leak or some sort of a break in or they believe that someone had access to their information. Yeah. See if you can find what that is. Whether it's China, that they think some, it's Scary to imagine the wrong people.


Exactly. Having that power. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. It's, it's fucking, or Any group of people having it, Any group of people. Not just the wrong people. Because the right people will be, they'll be, can fuck up. They'll, and there also it's absolute power. A hacker stole open AI secrets, raising fears that China could too. Security Beach at the maker of chat GBT last year revealed internal discussions among researchers and other employees, but not the code behind open AI systems. Okay. So they didn't get the code, but they got internal discussions. But those internal discussions may have had clues as to like what direction the technology is headed and maybe solve some puzzles that they didn't know yet without, You know, and then you could have, who knows if that's all they got?


'cause there were speculations that they got other things. There's spec, You know, China's done a wonderful job of like infiltrating stuff. One of the things that Mike Baker pointed out is that there's like a nuclear facility, like a, or a, an rather a military facility that is in I think Wyoming. And all around the area, the cell phone towers were all sold to America by the Chinese. That they, they just make deals. So, well JDV said that we'll sell you cheaper stuff. That There was a surveillance apparatus built in America that the Chinese backed toor and now they are using some of it. So lemme Tell what happened in Austin. Lemme tell you what happened in Austin. Yeah. At Formula One, my buddy Bobby owns that racetrack.


Yeah. So I was there with him and he shows me this picture says, You know what this is? I go, what is it? And he goes, someone attached a device to our broadband, to our wifi where it was siphoning up people's data. Like someone had attached, they they found it and they got it and they, they, they called whoever it is, Homeland Security or whatever the fuck it's, yeah. But so if you go to like a big event and you are using the open wifi. There's a real chance that someone has set up a thing where they're gonna siphon up all that data and who knows what the fuck they're gonna use it for. Whether they're getting your passwords to your credit card account, or whether they're getting this or that, or passwords to social media sites. Yeah.


Emails, whatever the fuck they're getting. But if you're just willy-nilly using a VPN or not using a VPN and going and getting on wifi in some place, like you, you, you run the real risk of actually being compromised. Yeah. And like, what are they getting? Like what are they doing with all that stuff? I don't know. But if you sell, if you're a, a hostile government and you sell cell phone towers to your enemy, like Yeah, no, it's crazy. And you just got these dudes who just contractors who are working for the government, they're not like the, the most sophisticated of investigative reporters. They're just a guy who has a job. He has to buy a certain amount of these cell phone towers. China will sell 'em to us for this while we can buy it from these other companies for a lot more.


Let's just get it from China. Right. Let's just fucking set these things up. And next thing You know, they can drop in on any kind of information that they, who knows? There could be a third party access that no one is available. No one is aware of until they activate it. Yeah. They could just decide to shut all these things down. They might have a kill switch in them, but you're buying like, that's why they banned Huawei. Yeah. They banned Huawei. 'cause they found compromises in their networks. Yeah. And then they, they knew that the company was aligned with the Chinese government. They're like, Hey, you gotta get outta here. They're very good at it. It's corporate espionage. They're incredibly good at it. They've been good at it for decades. And they're The best at it. But we do it too. Yeah. That's the thing. Yeah. Like Trump was Right, right. Like we do it too.


What did Huawei get popped for? Jamie? Because I was mad. 'cause this is back when I was using Android and I wanted a Huawei phone because Huawei, maybe We should just give it to them. They Made the best phones. Let's just give It to them. In what Way? Meaning Like, You know, it's like all this data, they're trying to just give it to them. What are they gonna do with it? Well, I mean, they're stealing, they're stealing stuff. Let's just give them the patents. They've Been banned or restricted in multiple countries due to the security concerns. Huawei was added to the US export administration's regulations entity list, which made it harder for the company to obtain parts from US suppliers. In 2022, the US banned the sale and import of new Huawei communications equipment due to national security concerns.


So what were the concerns though? I think that like, they have to report back to Like, It, like TikTok is a problem, but it makes so much money that we'll, we'll just constantly. Well, We make money from TikTok too. Right's. Of course there's a TikTok office Course, but that's the thing that China realizes that if you can make, if Americans make money, they're never gonna care. Some lady was heckling me at a, a show here. Yeah. And she said she worked from T for TikTok. Oh yeah. It was, it was hilarious. US ban the sale and import of new communications equipment from five Chinese companies, including Huawei and ZTE, amid concerns over national security, da da da. What did they do though? What did they, I think there was something to do with routers.


Huawei and others have previously denied supplying data to the Chinese government. Yeah. There was something about wifi routers and different things that they thought could be spied upon. That's What like 5G networks And Yeah. For 5G in other countries, I don't know. But they used to make dope. Well, they probably still do. They made dope phones. There was this Porsche design collaborated with Huawei. It made like the best cell phone. And I was trying to buy it. And then I found out you can't buy it in America anymore. I was like, what? And that's, that's when I started looking into it. So that's like 2021 or something like that. Whenever it was. What was the year the band was put in place? I don't know. They Have a sweet one. I wanted to get right now. It's trifold.


Yeah, It's badass. That's what I'm saying. Just get it. We're get it. Just can't use it. Why? Like The way you want to, you could use it on wifi here, but like, you couldn't Connect it to it won't do all the stuff. Well, can't, it doesn't even use Google. They don't use the Android operating system Because it banned. I want the Chinese phone. Do You know that? Like, China got, they, they stopped using that because Huawei got banned from Google. Find enough. That's true. Huawei, they weren't allowed to use the Android operating system anymore either, Isn't it? Which, which interesting interest. TikTok, that is different in China. Yes. Yes. Yeah, it's, yeah. Very different. Oh Wait, it says it still runs Android 10, but doesn't support Google apps and services. Right. Why did they do that?


Why did they ban 'em from Google apps and services? There must have been some sneaky shit they had in apps. Apps too. Of course. Yeah. I mean, it's just hilarious. But there, there's other Chinese companies, like one makes great phones. Yeah. I believe that's a Chinese company. You know, there's like, there's a bunch of of phone men. We're We're in this globalized world now where you just, this is inevitable. Well, We have to globalize world where China is making some things better than we are. Yeah. Same Reason. Yeah. Spine concerns. You just have to keep, stay, stay as vigilant as you can to try to prevent this from happening. But they're very good at it. And it seems like that's not gonna stop. Well, China's making some Insane cars. I'm worried about all kinds of things that they're doing. They're buying up the real estate all over America. They own large swaths of some of our biggest cities.


I mean, it's like they're, they're aggressive on a few fronts. It's Kind of crazy. They're allowed to buy land around military bases. It's unreal. That's Like what? It's unreal. Like what? Imagine trying to pull that off in China. And that's the difference between having a guy who's been in power for fucking decades. Yeah. Really knows how to run the country versus some person who got elected in a popularity contest. It's Also a difference of when people see the country as a, as a going outta business sale. I mean, you're selling buy and farms, selling everything, You know, from out, out, from under everybody. And it's a yard sale. It's the way people are treating America right now is just a fucking throw a sign on it. Make your best offer.


Come in and loot. Isn't it funny that if you said you have to be American to buy American property, people would be up in arms. They'd be up in arms and they'd say it's racist. And the real estate lobby would come out and go, it's racist. Because They want that Russian Money. 'cause they want that fucking oligarch dollar. Like You were the one that told me first Yeah. About these apartment buildings in New York City. They're, Yeah, they're like ghost cities. This is another thing. We all go and I just read these things. They go look at these Chinese ghost cities. They built all these cities and nobody lives in 'em. And I go, if you go to any of these buildings by Central Park, there's like 20% of it occupied. 30% of it. 70% of it is straight up money laundering. Where it's people that have purchased multiple apartments under the name of an LLCA limited liability corporation.


And by the way, they've got a lot of them. There's not just one. There's so many of them. Shell corps that you can barely find who owns it. And it causes the price of everything to go up. And they're not living in the city. They're not contributing, they're not tipping at restaurants. They're not buying ticket to Yankee games. They're doing it to move their money out of Russia, China, the United Arab Emirates, Brazil, India, wherever. They're stashing it in these buildings and it's causing the, the prices of all of the real estate around it to skyrocket. Yeah. The real estate in New York is Banana. It's la it's, it's, it's even in, You know, cities like Austin, obviously there's not as much of that, but, You know, But there are foreign buyers in this market that hundred percent pushed It up everywhere.


Everywhere, everywhere. Everywhere. Sold for a whopping two. Oh my God. Yeah. This apartment sold for $238 million. The highest recorded price for a residential property, billionaires rows a home to eight ultra luxury skyscrapers, each equipped with luxurious amenities ranging from cinema rooms to saunas. Yeah. Look at that. The average sale price, $9.8 million. And that's in that part of the city. That is the part of the city that is the favorite of foreign money. Look at, it says here, as of 2022, there are 772 unpurchased units Because they've built these buildings specifically for money laundering. Money laundering. Wow. This is not built for regular rich people.


Most regular wealthy people cannot afford to live in a $50 million apartment or In $238 million Or $238 million apartment. So the whole thing is incredibly, You know, it's, it's, it's, it's completely manipulated. So it's not a real market. Right. That has anything to do with supply and demand. It's artificially manipulated by a lot of wealthy people. And then the real estate lobby loves it. They want it and the developers Like It. Sure. And so those big money people love it. And, You know, and so what does the money, how's the money laundering part of it work? Because they take money out of whatever country and then they stash it in America in real estate.


So they'll come in and buy something cash under an LLC and that however much money that would've been in their home country, because some of those countries are volatile, and the governments of those countries could decide, okay, you all have money. It's, it's 20% of it's now ours. Right. Here's the new tax. Right. Give me, I mean, there's people that try to do it here. Yeah. They, they propose wealth, taxes, things like that all the time. Right. All the time. Some of them are, some of them are, are make some sense. Some of 'em are ludicrous. But those people are a bit paranoid. There's also political instability in a lot of those countries. And then there's people that just don't like taxes. And there's people that have made money, narco trafficking, human trafficking, doing all kinds of things.


Right. So there's people that go, I have a lot of illicit capital that needs to go to real estate in London. There's an area in London called Mayfair. It's all Russian oligarchs. There's areas, You know, and London is even more than New York. London is the mo is the home for international money laundering. Really? It's the shadiest city in the world. It's really cool. It's a lot of fun. It really is. I mean, that's the thing about these people. They are fun. And London is a financial capital. Halfway between New York and, and Asia. You have the biggest money in the world in London because historically it has been, You know, new York's amazing. And New York's the greatest city in the world in the sense that I think it's the most representative.


But London has always been the home of like international finance since, I mean, You know, I mean, we're talking about, You know, it goes like, there's, there's a part of London called the City of London. It is a small little part of it, and it's an area called Knights Bridge. And that's where they have like one Hyde Park. And one Hyde Park is this building with like $150 million apartments. And all these Saudi kids are driving like Bugattis and Lamborghinis there and everything. And if Herod's is there, the famous store, and it's just a signal to the ultra wealthy. This is where you come, you want your kids to be raised as, You know, British Gentlemen and learn the ways of, but it's a home of like international finance. And it's been, it's a cool place. But you don't, I don't know how you unwind all of this.


You don't, you don't really unwind it now. I mean, also Most people don't understand it. So they don't, it's gonna run it. Who's gonna, where, where's all the money gonna go? How are you gonna transfer your Kid's hard to fight these people? Because they, that's the problem. It's like everyone kind of wants to be them. And then the people that don't wanna be them, You know, they will kill you. That's the problem. They will blackmail you. And if that doesn't work, they will kill you. Mm. This is the thing, because they are the top of the food chain. And when you are at the top of the food chain, you're not going to give that power up without a tremendous fight. And I think that's really where, where a lot of, a lot of it comes down to is they're preserving their position on the top of the hierarchy. Imagine if the United States made a law where you couldn't buy real estate unless you're an American citizen.


New York City apartment buildings would, it would be a bloodbath. But by the way, not only would it be a bloodbath there, it would be a blood bloodbath everywhere. And then people would look at their 4 0 1 Ks and go all these, the shit I'm invested in is tanked. That's the other problem. Right. Because all, all of the stuff they're invested in is based on a lot of investments being made by those companies like BlackRock and Vanguard and State Street and Citadel or Goldman or, So it, it's just One of the creepiest things they're doing is buying residential homes and leasing 'em to people. Yeah. Because they don't want people to own their homes. They don't want people to have the power of home ownership or the dignity of home ownership.


Is that what it is? Or is it is profit, it's profitable to buy homes and lease them. It's profitable because they, but they, they, That's why they're doing it. Yes. Do you really think there's like some insidious like thing, like they don't want people to have homes? Like, really? Yes, because I think they go that, I think they look at it and say, Americans will be happy renting. I mean, that's the famous article. By 2030, you'll own nothing and you'll be happy. Right. But That's just those WEF dorks. Yeah. But those WEF dorks are incredibly powerful amongst the crew of people. They all get together, they all these conferences, whether they meet, and it's, again, it's not like always nefarious, but they go to like Davos or Bilderberg or whatever. And this idea that five, that's the thing people talk about.


Why, why should you preserve culture? Is it racist to preserve culture? And I don't mean the specific culture of any one race, but this idea that like, you wanna preserve culture and people go, well, why is it good to preserve traditional culture? And because there will always be a culture. So if it's not Italian culture, Irish culture, Mexican culture, black culture, whatever it is, it's going to be soulless. Global corporate culture. That's why every hotel looks the same. That's why every fucking apartment looks the same. Because the same people are choosing the same fucking 10, You know, shades of marble and shades of wood. And they're putting up all of these different condos and all of these office building.


That's why all these cities are starting to look the same. Everything looks like a weird Airbnb. It looks like they 3D printed everything. That's why all these restaurants are starting to look the same because it's soulless. Corporate culture. Americans, just like people all over the world, have less and less financial power. And more and more of it is being consolidated on the higher end. And they're gonna say, you're gonna rent your house, you're gonna take Ubers everywhere. You don't need to own a car. You're gonna take whatever vaccine we think is good. You'll drive your car on Thursday, or you'll be able to Uber on Thursdays because of climate. You're not gonna be able to Uber whenever you want, or you won't be able to use this amount of water, or this amount of heat or this amount of energy. And all of this are gonna be edicts delivered to you from the government, but also by these corporate oligarchs that just own everything.


And it's gonna be a very bland and soulless world. It'll be Times Square, It'll be Times Square, what Times Square used to be, But somehow worse Versus what Times Square is a giant Applebee's now. Yeah, that's right. It's a giant Applebee's. And it'll be that serene, cold corporate feeling that you get. Now when you walk into like a Saint Regis and all these hotels are all owned by Marriott, the Ritz, or any of these hotels. You walk into these hotels and it's all gray. It's all gray, And it all looks like a conference room and everything. Nobody's, nothing's loud and hello and How are you? And no one can do anything. Oh, we're sorry about Yeah, we we're not able to do that. We don't have the, we can't do that.


And everybody's rule followed and everybody's cameras trained on everybody. Yeah. So God forbid somebody does anything, like, you try to tip people sometimes. They go, thank you. I can't, I mean, we're not allowed to. And you're just lu because everybody's terrified of losing their job. Everybody's terrified of upsetting these people. Everybody's on camera. And, You know, it's Like, It, it sucks. The whole thing is turning into that. And I think as much as, You know, I'll, I'll, there's a lot of conspiracies about the World Economic Forum and all that stuff. Some of them are probably are based in reality. Some of them are just crackpots. But one thing that I think is very real is all of those people, those organizations, they exist to create a consensus amongst the wealthiest and powerful people that it is better to favor this set of policies over that one.


And all of those policies inevitably take power and ownership away from people and, and reappropriate that and redistribute it to wealthier people, the government and, and big corporations. 100%. Well said. That's a great way to put it. Yeah. And those people, you don't know anybody like that. Like, You know, you don't know anybody like Lindsey Graham, so you don't know the game they're playing. Well speak For yourself. I have a lot of friends, but, and I'll be taking, I'll be taking care of very well. No, I, I don't, you don't, You know what I'm saying? You're not, you're not in that group. You Meet the kids of them sometimes and they all believe they're doing the right thing. They think it's great. And they're, of course, they, I was, You know, I met, I was it in, in an environment where I met some of these Harvard kids and Yale kids, and they're, they're all nice people.


They're good people. They're fun people. But again, they just, they have these beliefs. Well, they're all, they're in a cult. They're drilled into them since they're young. And this is the problem with the Democratic Party. It's maybe why they'll lose this election. Maybe they won't. Maybe they will. It's condescension. And the, they, they're condescending and they're dismissive of people. And, and it's a kind of elitism that seeks to convince you that it is for your own good that they are in charge. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That they're your mama, they're your dad. They know better than you. Yeah. And that's the, like the thing when they talk about misinformation, disinformation, don't, You know, You know the difference. Right. If You know the difference, why do you assume other people won't know it?


That's right. Like, you want to say that other people are stupid and they're not capable of making these decisions or discerning what's true and what's false by themselves. So you want to eliminate Right. Anything that you disagree with and just call it misinformation. Yeah. And it, not only that, but it's to demonize people, the demonization of podcasts, the demonization of people that, You know, are willing to have conversations with people they disagree with. It's all done to discredit anything that runs counter to that narrative. It's the same reason they don't want people to have social engagements that of any value. Or a lot of times the reason that if somebody says something mildly pro-family, they flip the fuck out.


Yeah. Because they don't want people to have a strong community with a family or, or a, a social arrangement that's fulfilling to them where they aren't dependent on not only services from the government, but also they're not dependent on the government to tell them what is valuable and meaningful in life. Right. And if the government tells you that it is meaningful and valuable in life to support the things that they support, and you internalize that, then you're just gonna be led around by people and you'll be doing the things they want you to do. And that's why they, they get very threatened when people say things that are even mildly suggest that people are happy having children or, You know, whatever the case may be.


They flip out and they go, well, you can't tell me what to do. And it's like nobody's telling you what to do. But the idea that, You know, people having families is controversial or saying that it's a fulfilling way to live, or, or, You know, to me it's very strange when people kind of prey on your loneliness and they prey on your vulnerability to shove a bunch of stuff down your throat that would be harder to sell you if you had a family and or a business Right. Or a House or a stake in your community. I don't think they want you to have a stake in any of those things. Right. And so logically Yeah. As they achieve more power, they will have to get people to go along with these things.


That's right. And the way they do that is through forming these narratives, they have to, now, the counter these narratives is the popularity of podcasts. Yeah. Because the narratives, like, if they only had the mainstream media, they would be so much further ahead. That's right. Imagine if they only, if like there was never anything on the internet other than websites and email. Nobody ever figured out social media. Yeah. So nobody ever figured out, like you could put up a news story. We'd have Boots on the ground in the Ukraine. Right Now, I'm, I'm not even kidding. We Probably would If they was just the mainstream media, we would have boots on the ground in the Ukraine currently. Jesus Christ, A thousand percent there. I'm telling you, there's, I'm as sure of anything as that fact Tell me.


It wasn't one of the wildest things in the campaign when Dick Cheney endorsed Kamala Harris. And the left was like, yay. It. Well, it proves, it proves that it is now a raw power grab and that no one cares about anything. Right. And You know, I, I've seen, I've lived long enough now to see the left admonish, the Ccia A and the FBI and now cheer lead for the Ccia A and the FBI. I mean, You know, in 2003, you would, you would, you would see seething op-eds about the power of Dick Cheney, Halliburton, the military.


Yeah. The defense contractors, Iraq, the quagmire, You know, remember that word that no one uses anymore to describe the foreign entanglement thing. All of those people that supported the Iraq war all reinvented themselves as Democrats, and now have jobs at M-S-N-B-C. Some of them have jobs in the Biden administration, some of them have jobs in center Right. Or center left think tanks in Washington, DC and all of those people, they care to. Dick Cheney has a lot more in common with a lot of the people that are running the Democratic party, obviously, than he does with their voters. Their voters loathe Dick Cheney.


The people who run that party don't hate him as much as you'd think. Yeah. That's, that's a scary thought. Very. Right. Did you see Liz Cheney on The View and Whoopi Goldberg was, what was she saying? She should be the head of the CIA. Yeah. No, I mean, it's, it's, it's hilarious. Is that what she said? Can you Imagine? She said something crazy like that. Yeah. Like, what are you doing? I thought you guys didn't like that stuff. I thought you guys were the anti Iraq war people. I thought you guys were the anti weapons of mass destruction people. Liz Cheney. For Kamala Harris'. Attorney General. Attorney General. Wow. Whoopi Goldberg bakes for it. That's what it is. Yeah. Well, It is a weaponization of the justice system. It's crazy.


Oh, It's, the whole thing is so weird to see. It's so weird. See, people abandon what it used to be to be a leftist. Right. It used to be uncomfortable discussions are good. It's good to be able to have communication with people that you disagree with. Free speech is imperative. Right. It used to be that education should be objective. Yeah. And it's very important. And you counter bad ideas with good ideas. Well, It just became untenable, I think. I think leftism was driven out of the, the, the sphere. Well, it Just went f so far left. It became a different thing. Yeah. But it, it became left in a way that wasn't about workers' rights or economic justice. Right. It became left in a way about like aesthetic identity politics that prevented any discussions about CEO pay or healthcare or anything like that.


It just became, and I think they're really enthusiastic people about that ideology. Things are pretty good. Yeah. So I think there's a lot of people where things are good enough in their lives to worry about whether we have a trans Batman. A hundred percent. Yeah. And I think that's the thing. I think a lot of the enthusiastic proponents of that stuff believe things are great and they're only getting better. Yeah. And to sell a campaign and listen, she may win. It's early in the day, but to sell a campaign on the word joy Yeah. Is, is is utterly insane. It's also kind of a revenge of the nerds thing too. Yeah. Because it's a complete polar shift of i i identity hierarchies. Yeah. You know, the people that were like the weirdos and the freaks, the trans people and the, You know, all of a sudden those people are at the top of this hierarchy of oppression Sure.


And celebrated above all. Yeah. But it's also, I think where it used to be, those are the ones that cast out of society. But it's also like this, this idea that you need to keep identifying ways to divide people. Right. And there's no other, there's no better way to do it than to, to claim that everybody threatens everyone else. I, I agree with you. Yeah. But here's a question. Yeah. Is this a natural thing? Is this like a natural thing that humans do when they find a vulnerability in a social system, they attach themselves to it, whether it's white guys pretending to be black, You know, a couple of those. Yeah. Well, You know, those kind of situations. Yes. Like there's, there seems to be people attach themselves to something and then they sort of subvert it.


But do you think it would've existed anyway? Do you think that someone has a vested interest in keeping us divided and so that these, these social issues, like whatever it is that comes up, like whether it's BL m, Like Right. Any, any kinda social movement that creates disruption. Yeah. Do you think that those are engineered and those are injected into the system to make people have things to fight over? I think there's a balance. I think that there's organic rifts and fissures in society that allow certain sentiments to bubble to the surface. Like BL m Like the, the, the war in, in Gaza and the problems in the protests that are happening there.


But the minute that stuff happens, I believe people seize on the opportunity and exploit it and fund those things and bust people into those protests. Yeah. And exacerbate that moment. Yeah. Because it is, I think a defining, You know, when Rah Emanuel said, never let a good crisis go to waste. You know what I mean? That the crazy thing to say when loud, we never let a good crisis go to waste. They are telling you, it's like when Lindy gr Lindsey Graham says, I want that money. Like, gimme that money. I don't want Putin having that money when they're saying it in front of your face when Ram Emanuel says, never let a good crisis go to waste.


The whole ethos of that statement is to seize on organic problems and exacerbate them, and then inject whatever agenda you have so that You know, you can, you can then wrestle more power away from human beings. 100%. 100%. That's well Said. It's Like, It, it's crazy to watch, because when I grew up, I grew up in the nineties. It was a time of like Doc Martins and fucking people drinking fishbowl sized cappuccinos and fucking coffee houses and fucking, everybody was weird. And it was a, there was a individualism in the nineties, Kurt Cobain and fucking people in Seattle just killing themselves and making great music and rap flannel and all this shit, and flannel, and you, you remember it.


And fucking, But there was an individualism in the nineties. It wasn kind of like, I remember, You know, my parents saying to me once, like, a friend of mine did something stupid. And they go, well, if you jumped off a bridge, are you gonna do, it's like there was just this idea that you didn't have to go along with everybody else standing apart from the crowd made you unique and an individual and good. And it meant that you had value. Yeah. N Nirvana killed hairbands because of that. Yeah. Hairbands became silly. Right, Right. There's no idea that I've seen attacked more than that. Being a freethinking individual is coming under fire and has over the last few decades, like, I've never seen the coordinated attempt to make you think not only do you have to agree with everyone, that you're responsible for everybody.


That what's good for you is good for them, or what's good for them is good for you. And that we're all in it together and all of these things. And none of it is from a place of like, let's feed the poor. None of it's from a place of like, let's help all of, it's from a very weird nefarious place of like, we move as a block. We are one consciousness. And again, not in the Bill Hicks good way. In the way of like, we're going to condemn the people we dislike. We're gonna expel them and cast them out. And then we're going to reward the people who will come along with us. Because again, we are this, You know, blob of shit that is just picking people up as we go.


But I miss those days of kind of being like, yeah, man, who cares? Like, you think one way. I think another way. Yeah. And it's not the end of the world now. It's the end of the World. There, there was less influences. You think about the influences, like I grew up in the, I was in high school in the eighties. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So in the eighties, what we had was whatever was on the radio. Right. Whatever was on MTV. When that came out, I was like, oh my God. MTV. Yeah. And what you saw on television at night when usually we're watching TV with your family after dinner or something. Yeah. Like, you have very little access to the rest of the world and now you're inundated constantly 24 7.


And there's a bunch of people that you wish you weres. True. Bunch of people that you wish true. I wish I looked like her. I wish I was tall as him. I wish I had the money that she has every, well, look at that car he's got. It's the same shit. And everybody gets locked into this. This fucking weird voyeur voyeurism. Yeah. Voyeurism narcissism beyond. It's probably more like habitual narcissists today than probably ever before. How many people that cannot afford houses are watching people buy mansions on tv? There's 20 shows about, You know, people buying Houses. Oh yeah. I mean there's, there's, You Know, famous real estate channels on Instagram that are just showing you houses you could never fucking afford. And, and, and, and half of them suck anyway if you saw them in person.


Just like the people on Instagram. But like this weird voyeuristic thing. Yeah. Again, it's part of the flattening of everybody with technology where people individualism has been likened to being heartless. Right. Or soulless. Or uncaring. And that you are not invested in the welfare and wellbeing of others. Which is not true. By the way. Thinking freely does not mean you don't care about people. It means you're not gonna swallow narratives that the defense department has handed to M-S-N-B-C. That doesn't mean you want people to live in the street. Exactly. But this is, You know, people just don't like that idea.


We're just a collectivist mindset now. We're like people, you, you have to be on the same page with everybody. Well, I think it's inevitable. And I think it's moving us towards a very uncomfortable reality that most people are not willing to even like look at. But we are, we're becoming a different species. We're becoming a different thing. That's interesting. I think that's true. Yeah. I mean, I think that's one of the side effects of plastics and all, all the hormonal effects that people are having because of this. All the phthalates in people's bloodstreams. I think it's a effect of staring at screens all the time, becoming accustomed to staring at screens, preferring interactions online to people in person. 'cause they make you anxi anxious, I think.


Well, that's Why people, You know, this is, that's such a great point. People now talk about all the time, like, why doesn't anything feel the same? Right. No city feels the way it did five years ago. And I think one of the reasons is because we live so much of our life now digitally. There's that, but then there's the veil of a controlled society that completely collapsed during Covid. That's right. The veil of, there's someone who understands how the system works and they're running it efficiently. That's why the subway's on time. That's why the streets are clean. It's 'cause someone's running it and they're doing a good job. Right. And then all of a sudden something happens and these people tell you everything has to shut down for a year and a half in la And you're like, what are you talking about?


Like, how, why are we poor now? Why is everybody broke? Why is it dangerous? Why, why are cars on fire? Why are they smashing into these stores? No one's doing anything about it. Like, the veil got completely removed. Right. So LA seems vulnerable now. Like when I go through LA it seems vulnerable. It seems like a, a beaten kid. Like there's something about it. Like there's a real dark, there was always a darkness there. It's now, I spend so much less time there because there's just this foreboding, hellish reality that just, I don't know what it is, but it's like everyone's on edge. It's a dissolving of an illusion. It's dissolving of an illusion. The, the illusion is a s a sophisticated functional society That's illusion.


Well, an Well an illusion also a place that, think about this. Los Angeles was built on the manufacturing reality Yes. For a long time. Yes. Yes. And the ability to do that now has been greatly diminished. And the magic of the movies and this idea that you can fully suspend disbelief and all these things. I think a lot of that has, has had a real impact on that place. Because the, the inability, You know, they used to be able to make a movie that would convince you about an event. They would, they would drive home a narrative through a movie. They've done this a million times. Yeah.


Now by the time they do that, there's 10 documentaries on YouTube. Yeah. There's been a million podcasts. There's been a Yeah. So the, they've lost control. And Hollywood was really this myth making institution that, And it was all built on. Very, and listen, they made a lot of great stuff. A lot of movies we all love. But a lot of it was built on like the exploitation of women, of children, all these horrible things that have now been unearthed. Right. Every documentary is crazy to watch now. It's like, remember that nineties show you watched and you go, Jesus. No. And they're like, those kids were kept in a cage and fed like dogs. You're like, God damnit, like nothing. You enjoy like the Nickelodeon stuff. It's bananas. It's crazy. It's bananas. You Know? I mean, But it makes sense.


Right? It Makes sense. Yeah. Because you have vulnerable people without a lot, there's nobody who cares about people in that town. Right. And the only people that have credibility in that town are people that have made other people a lot of money. Right. And those are the people that were able to get away with it and do whatever the hell they wanted to. That town's just in deep trouble. Well, it's just dark. It's dark. It's it's dark now also. And one of the things that happened during Covid was when you shut down production for a year and a half, and then no one goes to the movies for a year and a half Habit is broken Habit's, broken habit's broken it's date nights not go to the movies Anymore. I was in joke or two, which just came out.


It's the worst film I that's ever been made so bad. It's the worst film that's, it's actually not so bad. It's the worst film ever made. Why? Well, it's Do you think they did it on purpose? No. It's a, I think what happened after the first joker was there was a lot of like talk like, ooh, this was loved by incel. This was loved by the wrong kinds of people and this sent the wrong kinds of ma male rage nihilism. You know, all these think pieces. Right, right. And then I think, what if we went the other way? And now they have Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga tap dancing to a point where it's insane. But is it possible that he didn't wanna make a sequel? And then he said, all right, I'll make a se. I know Tarantino said that. I mean, it's a quarter, it's a quarter billion.


They did that with, if that's true. It's the most immoral thing I've ever seen in my life because, Or brilliant, brilliant protests. I, I don't think it's a brilliant protest. Wouldn't It be fun though? I Don't know. It is a wasted everybody's time. Just make a good movie. You could have done it. You know, just get out the fun. Stop dancing. What do you think, what would motivate them to make a movie that's that Far the other way? 'cause they wanted, because it's hubris number one, the idea that you could, that people love it so much, they're gonna accept it in any version of it. Do you think you would Like It if it wasn't connected to the original joker? If you Wanted No. Has no. So it has no plot. It has no plot.


We would sit on sta we would sit there, me and these other guys were all dressed in these fucking security outfits. 'cause we're working at the arc of asylum. And I would turn to one of them and we'd hear this crap. And I'd go, what the fuck is this? And they'd go, this is gonna bomb, man. They go, I go, this is the worst thing I've ever, we would talk about at lunch. We'd go, what is the plot? Is there a plot? They go, I don't know. I think he falls in love with her in the prison. Is it worth going to see? 'cause it's Bad. It's not even hate watchable. That's how terrible it is. But is it one of those things like showgirls No. Where it's so bad you could watch it?


No, because it's, it's Like it, you're sitting there and there's these people, You know, in the theater and they're all confused. And I'm watching their reactions and they're all like staring and everything. And Like, It starts like, oh, it's raining and it's arc of asylum. And you're like, okay, cool. And then there's a moment where Joaquin Phoenix just goes, for once in my life, I have someone who needs me. And then he just, and he starts, he just preaching a musical. He's just becomes a fucking musical. But, hold on, let me back this up. Yeah, let me back this up. Don't you remember when Joaquin Phoenix went on Letterman?


Yes. And he had like this Yes. He had some crazy fake persona. Yes. Yes. Like he did something where he pretended to lose his mind. Yes. A rapper or something. Right? Yes. What was he doing? I don't know. He was like, I, he went, What did he do for a while, Jamie? Yeah, he did that. Charact. This is better than joke That he was gonna pursue a music career. This was 2009. You've got a, a nice beard going and Oh yeah. Thank you. Yeah. How is that the beard? In what way? Well, is it comfortable? Is it itchy? Is it, are you pleased with it? I'm okay with it, but now you're making me feel weird about, about, I'm Sorry. Yeah. It's a long interview buddy. That's okay. Man. Letterman was a, he was a wizard interviewing.


He was great. He was so good. He's the best, in my opinion of those guys. Percent. He's just so good at, It's a lovely film. Really. No, go back before that. 'cause that's, he's wrapping it up. So, but Joaquin Phoenix was acting weird. And so people decided, oh, Joaquin Phoenix has lost his mind. Right. They didn't like the interview and then kind of people went cool on him. Right. And then he did like a documentary showing that he was like playing a character for a while. Right. Is that what he was doing? Like I think so. Yeah. So It was just like an art piece he was doing. Yes. This could have been a $250 million practical joke. That's what I'm saying. Maybe it was This is the same guy. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe it's a fun quarter billion dollar practical joke.


It's A bet if you're, if you're walking Phoenix, you're the fucking king of the hill. Right. You're like one of the biggest movie stars in the country. Yeah. You're the guy from Gladiator. Sure. Right. Like he, he can kind of trick Hollywood dummies. I think they thought that this would be received differently. I don't, I think they thought, I think they're maybe in a little bit of a bubble. I think Joaquin Phoenix is alone in his house right now. Laughing that he pulled that off. I don't think he even knows he did it. He's the same, he the same guy that Did this Thing. I know. He's like, do you think he's Crazy? I think he's an actor. So I don't think he exists. I think it's just like what the new part is. He becomes that Joaquin Phoenix tells Letterman, I hope Spoof didn't offend you.


Actor apologized to the late show host for Awkward Interview that features in new film. I'm still here. So he was doing that as a part of the film. That's the idea. Yes. So the film is that he was acting like he was a crazy person. Yeah. It was like a documentary about him making music. All they had to do here. Oh, All they had to do was blow some shit up. Have him escape from prison, have him do something, get a, get a couple of scenes in the courthouse or something. You know, look at, it says here, it says throughout Phoenix was trailed by actor Casey Affleck, who is his brother-in-law and a film crew. The result I'm still here was released this month as an ostensible documentary about the corrosive effects of celebrity and wealth on a now drug adult actor in the profession since he was a child.


So the idea is that there, they did a documentary on how fucked up he was. And so he went on Letterman to act fucked up. Right. But I think it was a goof. Yeah, No, it was a goof. Right. Okay. But he was also But elaborate spoof. It was all an elaborate. Okay. It was Affleck who confirmed what many suspected that it was all an elaborate spoof last week telling New York Times that Phoenix had given a terrific performance as the performance of his career. So he just acted like he was drugged out and out of his fucking mind for a spoof. Yeah. Like this is the kind of guy that would trick those Hollywood dumb asses into making a musical sequel to the Joker. I mean, if he did that then that's great. I don't know. I know that he was raised in a cult when he was a little kid and his name was Leaf.


So whatever he does, God bless him. He's a brilliant actor. He changed it from Leaf to Joaquin. Yeah. It's like we're going the other way. It's, You know, I mean the guy's brilliant, but the movie was just, I mean, God was it rough? It's crazy Because the first one was so good. He was so believable As a completely insane, the insane person. Really. Great. And then the second one just went and if you were a fan of the first one, the second one was like, kind of, I think insane to a fan of the first one. Well, it wouldn't be the first time. Yeah. Yeah. It'll be like if Godfather two was about like the Corleone family going legit. You know what I mean? Right, right. No longer Like, And apologizing for the mafia.


Right. You're like, they were like, Hey, I'm sorry we did all this shit. Yeah. We now have a bakery. It it, it just, it it went, it went completely the other way. Yeah. Yeah. Well I didn't see it, but I heard it sucked. Anything. Does, has anyone won Get something still Got one minute before the first polls close? Oh, one minute. Five o just now. I mean, So I don't know. I think there's definitely gotta be some, I'm, I'm waiting, I'm checking every website. Some there definitely stopped someone To say something to like exit polls and all that stuff. There's gotta be, That's what we're waiting for. I mean, There's only like three or four states that close then North Carolina is early. Right. The only discussions I can see is what's going on in Pennsylvania, what's going on in Philadelphia.


So what's going on there? I don't know. Trump said that there's some cheating going on. Well, I asked Phil. He's certainly gonna say that. If there is then there is, dunno what he's Talking about yet. When he was on the podcast, I wish he could just rattle off. I'm open to it too. Just tell me what it is. Tell what it is. I hear you. It's Like, he's like, there's so much evidence, so much evidence. We have so much evidence of cheating. Like, But a lot of people close to him say there isn't. Who's those people, Mike? How many and how many of those people are covering their ass? I, I don't know. But Mike Pence probably. I See that's what I'm talking about. That guy. Is he covering his ass, huh? Yeah. He just endorsed Kamala Harris too. Yeah. They wanted to kill him. There was people that went to Jan on January 6th. Yeah. They were looking for him allegedly and supposedly.


No, no, no. For sure. But I'm, I'm wondering, like I'm open to the idea that there was fraud, but like a lot of top people, like people that were in his orbit don't talk about like he talks about it. Right. But okay, so let's take Pence outta the equation. Yeah. 'cause he's probably salty. They're Probably, I mean well for sure, but I'm saying like Pence didn't, if if there was evidence, wouldn't he Right. Like Pence have said, all right, let's not certify it. No. Okay. That, that is a crazy thing to do. Right. Okay. For, For the, for vice president to stand up and say, I mean you're, that's essentially like you're, you're getting ready for a fucking major conflict. Gotcha. You know what I'm saying? Don't you think like that's No, for Sure. I just, we just need someone.


Yeah. That guy, that guy doesn't want that kind of heat. That's not Trump. We just For sure. We need someone outside of Trump to verify it. Yeah. Like who, who would that be that you would trust implicitly? Well, you would just need to see evidence. It would just be like, if I made a claim about anything, I'd have to provide evidence. But let's, Let's imagine that you were working with someone like Trump and you're like a top guy and You know, there's no election interference. You know that the election integrity was a hundred percent. Yeah. You know that he's not telling the truth. Yeah. How could you stay with him? How could you stay with him without laying it out to him? Like, sir, can I just have an hour of your time? Well, I think a lot, I explain to you what the problem with saying that it's rigged, here's where you can say it's rigged.


Okay. For sure. There was 100% involvement in social media companies suppressing information that would've changed the results For sure. At least in some, for sure. Percentage in one way or the other. Yeah. And I'm, listen, I'm open to it being that there was fuckery in other ways. I just think that just like anything else, you can't take someone's word. Well, he says there's a bunch. Yeah. He just didn't have it on hand. Sure. Yeah. But I would imagine that you've, if you, there's something you've been talking about for three years, like if you asked me Yeah. Important stuff in my, like even stuff like if you asked me about like jujitsu Right. I could tell you all these different things that have happened. Yeah. I could tell you why this is important and why that's not important.


Yeah. And that's like a minor thing relatively to you lost the president of the United States. Right. That's a major thing. And so if you knew that you had been cheated to the point where you're willing to talk openly about the fact that they cheated, they cheated me, this is how I know I would want to be able to rattle off. Yes. He should. Yes. I would want to be able to say we found there was 25,000 inconsistent votes in this place. We know that there was manipulation of this thing or that thing. Yeah. Tell me. Yeah. You should have that ready to Go. Ready to go. Sure. Ready to go. I agree. Because it's, that's a cr it's a thing that we don't want to think is true, but if we're gonna put our fucking necks out there Yes. And and agree with it, or at least entertain it, you Have to have those, you gotta have it Laid out.


Bullet Points. Yes. You gotta have it laid out, You know? But I think he's just so fucking busy. He's probably got other people doing that. And they're all telling him that he it's stolen. Yeah. And he just listens to them and doesn't Yeah. He doesn't have that stuff like ready to Go. Well, yeah. I mean listen, Steve Baton brought up an interesting point the other night on me, Kelly, where he said they had lost by a certain amount of votes or, or, or, or Biden had gotten however many more votes than Obama, whatever. But also the Republicans picked up like a ton of house seats, which he goes, there's something fishy about that where it's like all these people are just voting Republican down and then Biden.


So he, there, there were, there were things, and again, I'm not enter talking about the veracity of it, I'm just saying There's some Suspicious things. There were some suspicious things that he felt was fishy or tricky or whatever. Now I don't know. Again, this has been a, a, a thing that's been over the heads of, whereas you have people on the right that go, it was stolen and don't know any of the evidence. Right. Then there are people on the left that go, he's an election, he's an election Deni, which they also did with the Russiagate stuff for years. Right. Said that he was installed and in a compromise or whatever. And then I think there's just gotta be, like you said, there's just, there's gotta be more information about whatever happened. Right. Well the, the idea of breaking into voting machines goes way back to the HBO documentary Hacking Democracy about George Bush.


Remember that, right? Yeah. About the die bold machines. That's right. And the fear, and this is back when I was a hardcore lefty, the fear was that the Republicans were going to be able to rig the vote with these machines. Right. 'cause the people who made those machines were contributors to the Republican party. Right. Now what's the other way? Now, now the right is constantly worried about dominion and Well they will That lawsuit Dominion won that lawsuit Right. Against Fox News. Correct. Against Fox. Because Fox was saying things that it didn't have evidence for. How's the Best way to do it? Is it paper ballots, voter id, right. You have to have an id. Well, I would imagine, first of all, of course you should have to have an id. The only reason why you wouldn't want someone to have an ID is 'cause you wanna cheat.


You have to have an ID for everything. You got a fucking, fucking What about a A at Costco? Why not? Let's do that Because maybe you lose your ID that day. But maybe you can go in and say, here's my finger. Why not? Why not? I mean, some Biometric thing. Yeah. Biometric could be easy. It could be something you register for on your cell phone. Right. They always have your face now. That's right. You need to show up. That's not hard to do in this day and age, but the, the idea that you wouldn't want anyone to have id, that means you want people voting that shouldn't be voting. And we know that that happens. Yeah. That's, that's been proven that at least in certain circumstances people are voting that shouldn't be voting. And the only reason why you would want that is 'cause you wanna cheat. So the only reason why you would want no ID is so that you could cheat. Yeah.


So now I gotta go, how much do you cheat? So you're willing to cheat in that way. You're willing to cheat where you are willing to block information that would've changed the vote. Oh, They're, they've always been willing to do that. I think you're willing To cheat where you tell people they don't have to have id. They've Always been willing to do that. And then the right has been willing to do things to that compromise the integrity of things For sure. 100%. And, and, and you just gotta figure out how to do like an actual election. That is fair. It's AI And it's, it's, it's gonna Be president ai. Yeah. Well I think we're gonna give up government to artificial intelligence once it's vastly superior to us. That's Makes Sense. Yeah, it does make sense. But I think it's on our path, what we're talking about before, about people becoming more frail and more like feeble.


And like the British people, when you're talking about their teeth, You know what that's from. It's from your jaw. That's not all British people don't get mad at me. But it's when, when people have small jaws like in your Yeah. They all have, It's, it's literally from eating mushy food. Because they, Because they have like, Their bones Aren't, they eat mushy peas and they have scurvy. Your bones aren't as thick anymore because they're not chewing meat. Right. You're That's right. You're not breaking things down with your teeth. You don't have to crack. So your jaw like over time becomes smaller and smaller. Interesting. There's, yeah. There's actually a technique called mewing. And this guy figured out this technique where you can change the shape of your jaw with exercises and tongue pressure and that there's other guys that, I have a thing that I use at home.


It's like a I weight lift with my jaw. It sounds crazy. Yeah. But there's these weights, it's like a rubber ball and you put it in your teeth and you fucking mash down on your teeth. Interesting. And it builds your jaw muscles And it makes your jaw more square. Like literally works. You do jaw exercises. And that's the reason why these people for a long time are eating mashed potatoes and fucking gruel. Like they're poor as shit. Right. Well, their jaws all shrunk. Interesting. Hmm. That's interesting. It's a good theory. It makes sense. Yeah. Like you would need, like that's one of the reasons why people have to get their wisdom teeth removed. Our jaws are getting smaller. We're not like breaking down tough meat anymore. Yeah. So the shape of our face looks different. So eventually there's just gonna be a bunch of AI government, we're gonna slim down sun instead these tiny jawed bitches in there.


When You look at aliens, right. You look at the aliens. They always have the little tiny jaws. Yeah. Big ass fucking head. That's us, Dude. So the next 10 years are just gonna be unreal. We are gonna be those things. I think those things that we see that people keep seeing, even if they're not real, we become them. That's us in the future. The gray. Yeah. Yeah. We just become sexless, genderless, cyborgs. Right. Or maybe even completely artificial by that point. Maybe we realize that consciousness can actually be captured and that we all share it. And there's no benefit whatsoever in being an individual that it's just a, a, a, a cheat code that the primate used in order to think of itself as important enough to continue to innovate to the point where it creates artificial intelligence.


Now, if she had run on that instead of the word joy, I would've voted for her. I think that's where we're going. I think that's what all this gender shit I would've been trans would've. Yeah. I think that's why male hormone levels are dropping through the floor, which is all be a, a big part because it's sedentary lifestyle and also because of these estrogens and plastics and all these different things that are fucking with people's reproductive cycles. Do you think we've been here before? In what Way? In this? Do you think humanity's ever been in this spot before? I think Humanity's been in a different but similar spot. Okay. I think that's what ancient Egypt was all about. There's no way that level of sophistication could be achieved unless those people were beyond what anybody is thinking about from people that lived 5,000, 6,000 years ago.


There's just no way. There's literally no way. Because does God figure into this at all? Wow. Of course. I don't know if God's real, God's everything. Right. If God's real God's the universe and there's like a, a powerful creative force that didn't just made earth and bunch of stupid people that were in a garden and this bitch talked to the snake and eat an apple. Right. Right. No, God made the whole thing. That's right. If there's a real God, he made the whole thing. That's right. And the whole thing is made by what? It's made by the universe. Right. The universe makes itself right. So the universe is probably God. So yeah, God plays into it. But I think there's a direction that primates go in And it goes into like ever more weak and feeble, but much more capable with tools.


And it happens with some pri like Bonobos, they're super peaceful. They just fuck each other. Somehow or another, there's chimpanzees that are murderous monsters that just run around, tear each other apart, killing each other. Tribal wars, killing monkeys. And then there's other ones that just fuck each other all The time. And chill. Yeah. Like what is that like? There's just like, that seems like they're a little bit more evolved. Right. And that's probably how humans were. And then humans eventually figured out tools and sort. Right. And we became what we are now. Well, we're gonna keep going in that direction. So we're so much weaker than even a monkey. You, like a monkey will tear your fucking head off. Like we're so feeble and we're gonna get feeble. We're, it's gonna be but smarter.


Way smarter. Yeah. We're gonna be communicating completely with our minds. We'll probably never need sounds anymore. We'll probably never use devices. Everything will happen. In your mind, What's the fun of all of that? What's the fun of being a chimp? Is that fun? You wanna throw shit for the rest of your life and eat bananas? Get the fuck outta here. I wanna drive a Cadillac. I wanna watch a fucking movie. Yeah. But I, I wanna call people on my phone that are nowhere near me. I know, right? So what's the purpose of being a person? You're filled with anxiety. You're worried about who's gonna win the elections. Good point. You're trying to stay off drugs, but you want a cigarette. Right? What's the point? What's the point in that stupidity When you can be an enlightened being that flies through space with your mind.


Ooh. Well I never thought about it like that. If Lazars telling the truth, Bob Bazar, the guy that supposedly back engineered these crafts, if that guy's telling the truth. He said there's no controls inside those devices. When they enter, they're Empowering them with their mind. There's some connection between the entity and the device. That's not an interface. Like we think of like a joystick and buttons to push. Right. So they're just so evolved. It's a different thing. It's a different thing, but it's probably, it's just a different thing. It's probably what we become. 'cause we didn't always have clothes. Well, of course. Think about Clothes and shoes and your silly sunglasses. Yeah. And all this stuff. Well, theyre not silly. They're beautiful. I'm kidding. I'm They're silly because, 'cause I don't have 'em. I know, of course when I have 'em, I figure, I go, Dude, look.


But you're right. We're advanced. We're advanced. So we're so much different than chimps. It's ability, Chimps evolution didn't end with thumbs. It's Our distant, distant, distant cousin. But if you look at them and you look at us like, what is going on with them? Why do they have to have clothes? Like what is they're wearing coats and jackets and shit. They all have shoes. No one works walks barefoot at all. Right. Like we're, we're softening ourselves up. Right. We're like literally putting a nice shell over ourselves. So we become a fucking a squid. Like some Gel. Usually you come back to this planet in 50 years if it's still here. Robots. Robots, Robots. I think no more biological life in terms of humans. Wildlife will exist. All that stuff will exist.


No more people, I think. Really? Yeah. I think people are the cocoon. We make the electronic butterfly. It comes out of the cocoon. We don't know why we're making the cocoon, but we're making the cocoon. Everybody gets the newest phone. Everybody has the newest tv. Look, it's got wifi built in. So do you Get a skin suit? You don't even, you're not even gonna be biological. I think we're gonna give up. Are we gonna be able To, this is what I think they're gonna do. Yeah. I think they're gonna integrate first. I think we're gonna be cyborgs. It's gonna start with things like Neuralink. Can I get that? Now you can get your, can I sign up for it now? I don't wanna wait. But you don't wanna be an early adopter. Like those girls who got those lip jobs. I'll take the chance. Many of them are in Miami. They're fine. These whores.


I will take the the thing now. It just sounds fun. It sounds good. I wanna be in a vehicle without communicating with my mind. So there was a guy who branched off. He was one of the original guys with Neuralink. He branched off the form his own company, and they just created an implant that allows blind people to see. Amazing. See, see if you can find that, Jamie. I think it is like you wear goggles. I think it's like there's a whole thing. I don't think it's like as simple as they put it in your head. But again, cell phone used to be a suitcase that you carried around. Yeah. And yet to like open the suitcase to get your phone out. Yeah. And pull the antenna out. Yeah. Now it's this little tiny thing. Yeah. That you'd be on for 24 hours in a row. Yeah.


Watch movies And call each other. But this is eventually gonna be inside of us. Of us inside. Yeah. And then inside of us. That's a good point. Because then you go the next step. We had the first neural link patient on and interesting. And he controls a cursor with his mind. And he said, when he plays games, it's like a cheat because he's got like an aim bot. So everywhere he sees is where the cursor goes. He doesn't have to go hand to eye. Eye goes to cursor instantaneously. So he is like, I don't miss, I just like, you look at where you want something to go And it just goes there. That's a, and he's controlling it with his mind. So there's gonna be over the next however many years, different generations.


You know, it's just like iPhones. Yes, for sure. Science Corporation. Imagine that's your name. Science Corporation. How what? How uncreative is this? A Chinese front science corporation That sounds a fake Game science corporation. A biotech startup launched by a Neuralink co-founder claims it has achieved a breakthrough in brain computer interface technology that can help patients with severe vision loss. In preliminary clinical trials, legally blind patients who lost their central vision received the company's retina implants, which restored their eyesight and even allowed them to read books and recognized faces. The startup announced last week, whoa. To my knowledge, it's crazy. This is the first time that the restoration of the ability to fluently read has ever been definitively shown in blind patients.


CEO Max Hodak Hodak, who's a president of Neuralink before founding Science Corp, said in a statement, holy shit, what does it look like? Jamie? Pre show what it Looks like. Not here. Hold on. I wanna see what it Looks like. Sounds crazy. Science corporation. Good luck finding that on Google. Whatcha gonna find, oh, it's in the first one, prima. All right. What does it look like? So this is the implants. Where's it? So it in the eye. So where does it go? Oh. Oh look, they're showing you. So they stick it back there. The back of your fucking eyeball.


Look how tiny it is. Holy shit, man. I love how, by the way, it's just, Americans are like, look, you'll be able to see the oven. So he has to wear glasses and the glasses work with that implant. And now he can see things. This is Crazy. It's amazing. It's, except for people who lost their vision. Right? And you have to already have some sort of, they couldn't, like, You gotta have some vision. Yeah. You have to know a basis of, Well, I don't know that What things look like. Are you sure? How could you recognize someone's face if you never saw it before? Well, you wouldn't until you saw them. And then from then on you'd be able to recognize their face. These political texts are so crazy.


They're still coming in. What Are you getting? Oh, I just, this telling you where to go. This woman had my phone named Janina, and I guess she was a big Democratic donor or not. You know, she, because they're like, Janina, we're panicked. Can you please answer? Have you voted? I'm like, we're panicked. Right? I go, I don't know what to do. Janina, Are you going with, are you fucking with her? No, because it's just a bot. This is what we're talking about. It's all ai. It's just bots going like, please vote. I'm panic. Yes or no? How crazy is that? Are you a Republican? 75,000 votes counted so far. Only who Won? Who won outta 75,000? I mean, I don't Even know where they're from. It's 49,000 for Trump.


24,000 for Harris. So even now, What is your, as CNN would say, what is your suspicion of what's gonna happen? What's your Suspicion? I thought it, it was, You know, I think it will be him, but I also thought that it's very close. And I think with Roe, it wasn the one x Factor. A Hundred percent. It wasn the only X factor I had thought about. I think without that, Not just Roe, but that thing that I brought up with JD Vance, which some people believe is true. And apparently there might've been a case in Texas, Jamie, I know you're Googling, but Yeah. Where we were talking about women in a place where it's restrictive. Like Texas has a six week law. Right. Which is crazy Because you don't even know you're pregnant in six weeks.


You barely missed your period. Right. It's crazy. Especially if your period's like not regular. And then if you go to another state where abortion is legal and they find out they can prosecute you. Right. So that's the type of stuff I think that could you, she could win on that. Right? Because that is crazy. So, Well it's not, it's not just crazy. It's gross. It's gross. Because here's why it's gross. Not, not just Because you shouldn't be able to tell people where the fuck to go and where, where they can go and do things that it's a legal, medical, medical procedure. But imagine if you're a woman who gets pregnant and you have a miscarriage and you go and visit your mom who lives in Oklahoma, where, where abortion's legal, and then you get questioned as to whether or not you had an illegal abortion.


You get it. And that, that's a c. Can you imagine? Like, No, it's crazy that yeah, you'll Lose your kid and you're fucking heartbroken. That's, That's the one thing where I could see a groundswell of women coming up for her and she could win. Yeah. Because that's, yeah, for sure. The idea of that is attached to these apps. Right. So there's apps that women can use that track their obligation track. Yeah. Right. So it, they track their menstrual cycles through these apps. And if they get the data from these apps and the apps show that you lost your period. Yeah. Or you didn't have your menstrual cycle and then you went to Oklahoma. It doesn't mean anything. But you Are we gonna let people in people investigate people's bodies?


No, It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's, it's insane. It's crazy. And that's, that's the worst direction it could head, right? Because they made one headway roe versus way they got rid of it. So now it's up to the states. Well, that makes it sketchy. And now if the states are gonna prosecute people for traveling to other states, well then now you're, you're saying the state is in control of your body. No, that's Crazy. Your Ability to go somewhere in America. What Did Jerry, whether or not you agree with Or don't agree with it did say he, he said he wasn't aware of that and we wouldn't wanna do that. Right. But I think that this is a thing it wasn brought up. See if you can find that in, in Texas. So the Case I found in Texas, I don't think it had to do out of state abortion. I might be wrong, But, oh, it had to do with in-state abortion Handle abortions us all kind of Well, it's one of the things they do.


They just have like, whatever their rule is and everyone's okay with it and it's just not Well, the thing is they have restriction as well. They do. People are talking about France. I'm gonna go to Europe where a woman's rights to choose. But they have restrictions There. No. And it, but it makes sense that everyone no one cares. Yes. It's like there's a certain time where you can't do it anymore. Yeah. It's Because it iss viable outside the womb And it, It's, yeah. It's, it's Bill burr's bit. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I think a woman should have red choose and I think you're killing a baby. Like both those things are true. Yeah. It's Like, It iss just these issues. They're, they're, the problem is some of these issues that can be solved. And like when Federman said that thing about immigration, he goes, yeah, nobody wants to solve it. 'cause it's good for everybody that there is something, to me that's about all of these issues that seem weirdly, like people are against any type of rational common ground.


I think you're right in that regard. Solution. Yeah. I think there's, there's definitely some truth to that. I think some people do want things. Some, but I also, most People don't want late term. And There are these, these things are these political beach balls? They get tossed around a concert. Yeah. And one of the ones that people are terrified of, if they got rid of Roe v. Wade, the next one was gay marriage. Yeah. 'cause they were like, no, a marriage between a man and a woman. And it that it wasn what pe people were worried that all this stuff is coming outta religion's. Well, I think a lot of it's gonna go to state's rights. So I think where you live will determine a lot of your freedom. Freedom, yeah. And that, that I think they've said they don't care about gay marriage, but I imagine that would come up.


And I imagine that Lindsey Graham Does not wanna give up half his stuff, right? Yeah. I don't believe in gay Marriage. No, neither do i I marriage itself, I believe in the minerals. Yeah. Good for him. I I, I'm more with him on that in the mineral front. But no, I, I think that of course these things will probably go to popular votes. And it's because people are uncomfortable with the courts and telling them that they have to believe a certain way or think a certain thing. And that's the whole thing. It's like you can, you can vote with your wallet, you can vote with your feet, you can leave a state.


Obviously I am for a woman's right to choose. I am not an elected official in Missouri. I have no power there. I do not live there. I have no influence at all over a woman's body in Missouri. Positively or negatively. It's like there are things, this is this crazy big country where yes, I would agree that a lot of things, but I also, I I didn't agree with a lot of things that they've done, Wouldn't you? If you wanted to, this is an interesting way you wanna play four d chess. Like if you wanted to get rid of the Republicans and you're a rhino, you're like a sneaky fake Republican. Yeah. Wouldn't you like push to get rid of Roe v.


Wade? 'cause one of the things that Roe v. Wade Wade is gonna do We'll If it has an Effect, Hold on a second. Yeah. I don't know how Much, here's one thing that Roe v Wade's gonna do. Roe v Wade's gonna, it's gonna charge up a bunch of women who don't want men telling 'em what to do. Yes. Right? So they're gonna want to vote Democrat. Right. And they're gonna go out in large numbers. And if you do that at the same time, you're shipping all these immigrants into all these swing states. Right. And then you have those folks Yeah. Join, join the Democratic party too. So they're all voting Democrat too. Yeah. Now you have a reason why you should want to take over this red area and turn it blue. 'cause these fucking men are trying to tell these women what they can and can't do. It's like one more layer on the cake that you're allowed. Yeah. That you for sure.


Like the percentage support, you'll get more percentage support. It's like a good idea if you are like a creepy puppet master. Right. It wasn controlling the strings. Well, the democrats of civil unrest in the country, The Democrats had said, listen, we're not allowing any gender experimentation on kids until they're adults. And we are not. And we're going to enforce the border law. And Biden had said, I'm serving one term. And they had a primary, Trump probably wouldn't be back. He's back because they opened a fucking door. His main issue is immigration. They literally exacerbated it. 10 million illegals came over the border. And then people are incredibly uncomfortable with their children being indoctrinated in schools with this crap.


So I think he would've been back anyway. He might've been back, but I dont think he won. I think they thought he ripped him off. They ripped him off. And I think he would've been, I don't think he would've want, I think, I think the reality is they've given him on a silver platter, his biggest issue, which is that people want a country. Well, what do you think they would do to beat him? So if he's back, if Biden does say that, he steps down who is running? You know, because A j Fetterman's obviously not mentally there to run, but a guy that has that you need a working class Right. Guy who goes, we need a country, we need to have a distinction between citizen and non-citizen.


Yeah. The social contract has to be, otherwise we have an a social contract with No, it's invalidated completely. When you're bringing people in from all over the world and the government is promising them things and they're getting votes and they're, and they're, they're replacing Americans in, in, in certain, You know, manufacturing jobs or whatever. You don't have any sense of a country. Right. And you, you need a country and you need a working class person who's not condescending. And somebody who goes, look at the Tavistock clinic in the UK that just closed. Why? Because experimental transgender therapies for children is a science that is not only not settled, but it is doing damage to people.


This is why that clinic, clinic clinic's full of progressives that said, we're shutting this down because we're making a lot of fucking mistakes that are irreversible. And these are human beings. If you take away those issues, then the Republicans have to run on, You know, an economic platform that may or may not be that popular. Right. But the Democrats chose instead to elevate DEI to talk about the most important thing is in America's diversity, equity, and inclusion, they chose to convince everyone all of the cap, the social capital that they spent convincing people how important it was to support the Ukraine with no plan and no end game and open-ended and ditto, You know, whatever Israel wants to do.


And maybe we'll have to go into Iran and like to get all of that and to explain that to people. And they didn't even explain it that well, but they kept telling people how important it was. They could have easily, easily crafted a message. It wasn, it wasn, rational and sane. All they had to be was 'cause Trump is a lot. Yeah. And I think there's a lot of people in America that would've said, Hey man, we should just move on. It's chaos. It's volatile. Right. But here's the question. Who's the spokesperson? So if you don't have a primary, who would it be? Gavin Newsom's not trusted. No. It's gotta be someone we barely know. Kamala Harris is already the vice president. So you have to tr choose her. Well, It's Because if you're gonna go all with all that DEI stuff, you can't, you're gonna go all with.


But here's the thing. Yeah. If you're gonna go all in with like, this idea that we need a woman of color who's the president. Yeah. Which is one of the things that they were saying all along. He was gonna do that. And I was like, why not just have the best person? Right? No, you have to have a woman. So, okay, you've already accepted that. Right? You have her, she's the vice president. She's been there for four years. Like she knows how shit runs. Right. You, it's automatic. It's automatic. Unless you change course and you lives, unless you Have a primary and someone competes against her, you have A primary and you gotta find, I don't know. I don't know who that person is. I every Democrat in the country. I don't know every democratic congressman, governor, senator, One person that stood, that stands out. Like any person that colors outside the lines like Tulsi Gabbard, that gets fucking ostracized.


Well, well we have, well, the lines have to change. Right. That's the problem. The problem is the lines have to change. You, you, you cannot be beholden to extremists. And then on, on one side you have the extremists on the other side, you have these like corporate oligarchs that are demanding fealty to foreign wars, endless trade agreements that dump benefit workers, You know, hollowing out the, the middle class. Yeah. And this was all stuff the Republicans were all about in the eighties. Yeah. And the Democrats were about in the nineties under NAFTA and stuff like that. So I, if you transform the Democratic party again into a worker's party with common sense, reasonable considerations, and it's not based on religious fundamentalism, And it's not based on woke fundamentalism on the other side.


But how do you get people out of that, that are in that, where it's like part of their tribal identity? Like how do you get people to relinquish? You Need a figure that rejects it. Like I, I think you need somebody to reject it publicly. When Bill Clinton had that sister soldier moment, right? When Bill Clinton opened, what was that Moment? The sister soldier moment where she had, she was a rapper or something. She said something about America and he corrected her. I forget exactly what it was, but it's a, it's a moment where Bill Clinton was running for president and he went against and, You know, and establishes bonafide as a, You know, here we go. Yeah. What was this?


I kind of remember this. You gonna play the video? Sure. Let's play the video. Let's stand up for what's always been best about the Rainbow Coalition, which is people coming together across racial lines. You talked about Mr. Fields from Louisiana that you had here last night. A great role model. We don't have a lot of time to do this. We don't have a lot of time. You had a, a rap singer here last night named Sister Soldier. I defend her right. To express herself through music. But her comments before and after Los Angeles were filled with the kind of hatred that you do not honor today.


And tonight, just listen to this, what she said. She told the Washington Post about a month ago, and I quote, if black people kill black people every day, why not have a weak and kill white people? So you're a gang member and you'd normally kill somebody. Why not kill a white person? Last year, she said, you can't call me or any black person anywhere in the world, a racist. We don't have the power to do to white people what white people have done to us. And even if we did, we don't have that low down dirty nature. If there are any good white people, I haven't met them. Where are they? Right here in this room.


That's where they are. I know she is a young person, but she has a big influence on a lot of people. And when people say that, if you took the words white and black and you reversed them, you might think David Duke was given that speech. Lemme tell you, we all make mistakes and sometimes we're not as sensitive as we ought to be. And we have an obligation, all of us, to call attention to prejudice wherever we see it. A few months ago, I made a mistake. I joined a friend of mine and I played golf at a country club that didn't have any African American members. I was criticized for doing it. You know what? I was rightly criticized for doing it.


I made a mistake and I said I would never do that again. And I think all of us have got to be sensitive to that. We can't get anywhere in this country pointing the finger at one another across racial lines. If we do that, we're dead. And they will beat us. Even in Reverend Jackson's new math of this election, it's hard to get to a 34% solution or a 40% solution if the American people can be divided by race. That's, if he ran on that today, he beats everybody. This is what I mean in a landslide. That's what I mean in a sensible, that's what I mean. That's what a Democrat used to be. That's what I mean. How good was that guy, by the way?


That the best, the best speaker That's and the best person that, but no, but what I mean is that had Kamala Harris repudiated Yeah. A lot of what happened in the madness of 20 20, 20 21. Yeah. All that stuff. And said, America is not a white supremacist country that is only set up to terrorize people of color and minorities. And that, You know, yes. We've had a a past that's been terrible, but we've made tons of progress and people should be rewarded in this country on the basis of their hard work, their ability, their willingness to, to take risk to, You know, You know, and, and, and we cannot have a society that is arranged by people's tribal identity.


If she'd come out and gave some more eloquent version, I'm, I'm just off the top of my head of that speech, it would've been her sister soldier moment. And she could have said, th this, my party went in the wrong direction. And by the way, it would've been very compelling to a lot of people. Yeah. But she would have to formulate that, or someone would have to help her Formulate. Someone would have to Formulate. So what I'm saying is you should run for president. You should become a Democrat and run on that. Maybe I am. Well, you probably couldn't become a Democrat. They probably never let you in, but I bet you they let you into the Republican. Not only will they never let me in, depending on the, the next eight hours I'm gonna be in jail. There's going to be No, I, but I, I think it wasn the thing.


I think Trump ran against a Republican party in 2016. Yeah. He ran against the bushes. He ran against foreign war. He ran against big business. He ran against every single Republican donor base. Every Plutocratic concern, Trump ran against it. He ran against the Chamber of Commerce. He ran against all the people, the Koch people, all the people that were open borders. He ran against all of those people. And You know, he ran against major, You know, major power factions within that party. And he steamrolled them. And Kamala Harris has refused to do that. She didn't repudiate Biden. She didn't. Well, how could She though? 'cause he's still president. She's still vice president. She would have to, She has to throw him right under the bus and say that.


But she would almost need a fresh start. Like to get outta this cycle and then come back again in 2020. He's an old Fool. That's what I would've said. Somebody asked me about, I would said He's an old fool. But then you'd have to say, well, what is Biden? Oh, he is sharp as attack now. I don't believe you anymore. But Here's the deal. The vice president we all know kind of doesn't do anything. She should just say that She should go, listen, the vice President didn't do anything. Maybe she should say that. She should say that. She should go. Let's be very honest. Legislation originates in the House of Representatives. The president has an agenda. I'm sitting around, he's an idiot. We let way too many immigrants in the trainee stuff's gone nuts. And we gotta put some people in jail. If they break into a car, they steal your phone. Yeah. She should. If she said, if a Venezuelan steals your phone, they go right to jail.


I would be phone banking for her. She hasn't acknowledged his appeal. They never give him his due. They never give Trump his due. Had she said in the debate, listen, Trump, you brought a lot of people into politics. You've ignited their passions. I respect that. And you've brought up issues that are important that have been ignored for a long time by both parties. But I just think we need to move forward in this election. And you're a very entertaining guy. It was a time George double George Bill Clinton said to George HW Bush, he goes in the middle of the debate. He goes, listen, we all respect your military service and we respect the sacrifice he made for the country. But I think we have to go in another direction. And it was just, and then you could see like h like hw, the older one being like, ah, he was seething.


Right? Because Clinton had kind of Complimenting him, Complimented him and said, we like what you did, but we gotta go in this new direction. That would Be a brilliant move to use against Trump. It would've been a brilliant move to use against Trump. But you are right. She can't do it. She's owned by donors. She's owned by these people. And it's unfortunate because had she run against them, there might have been a contingent of people that said we, they would give her a shot. But I think public, she hasn't done It. Public speaking is a skill. There's She doesn't have it. No. It's a, it's a very particular type of skill. So she has one skill and it wasn in that one speech where she said, come say it to my face. Remember that you got something to say about me.


Say it to my face. Everybody cheers. Like, oh my God, she's gonna win. Like it wasn, there was a moment, but it wasn a really well rehearsed thing that she did. And she had excellent timing in that. That's right. So then all the pressure comes out and then the bumbles and then the interviews and the stumbles and the inability to ask to answer certain questions and then all that stuff. So her ability to do that kind of thing is dependent upon a teleprompter and a well-rehearsed Speech. She doesn't believe in anything outside of her own ambition. Bill Clinton did his whole state of the union speech once when the teleprompter went down. I understand that. He did it all off the top of his fucking head. Yeah. He said it was a different thing. He was a different thing. Right. So a guy like him, you don't find those now because they're all pussy hounds and they're hiding.


Right. They don't want that fucking job. No. Bill Clinton was around before the internet. It was great. Maybe that's what need to go back. He still Yeah. I mean it's like, but they, because she, You know, it's that again, it's that corporate hollow like s Yeah. Speak that no inspires nobody really. Yeah. Well the thing that inspires people is she laughs a lot. And You know, you go girl Yeah. Woman of color, all that good stuff. She was already a, You know, attorney general already, You know, she already had vice president. She was, she was in Yeah. Very qualified in that regard. But yeah. What that, what Bill Clinton just did. That's what we want. That's what we need. We need an actual leader that I go, well that's an exceptional human being.


The way he talks is better than I can talk like this. No, it's better than both of us or anyone. Right. But the way he's doing it in front of everybody, I'll tell you Right now, it's, it's very, very, because comforting That moment. He was the left flank of his party. I'm sure. Didn't love that. And I'm sure that there were people that criticized him for that. But he basically came out and said, listen, I'm going to go out here and I'm going to, You know, take a stance that's gonna anger people, but I'm gonna reach across the aisle. Yeah. And, and say, you're right. This is not moving us in the right direction. And I, there were moments that she could have done that she chose not to. Right. And I think that's, You know, again, I don't, we, we don't know anything.


So I, I don't know if I'm doing a postmortem on her campaign or not, But what do you think? If you had a bet right now? I think it's him now. I would, I think if he gets Michigan or Pennsylvania, it's over. And I think he's getting one of them. I don't think she gets both of them. But I could be totally wrong. What do you think would, Jamie, what do you, what do you want me to Jamie, make up the results? 'cause there's been these, all these turning points. There's been all these ups and downs and Yes. You know, stumbles and recoveries and, You know, different interviews. Yeah. I'm, I'm still Fucking the one, there was a time I thought it was definitely her. And then there was a time that I thought it was definitely him. And then I, there was a time I thought it was definitely her. And now I think it's him again.


God, I wish I got a chance to interview her. You know, That one would be interesting. What if she changed my mind? What if she like in an actual conversation, cool. She could just be Herself. Well, here's the thing. She would've had to do what Clinton did. And she can't do it because they are being held hostage by an ideology that is crippling to, to thought. Right. But so wouldn't you want So a person like that, really, I'd wanna talk to them about stuff outside of being president, You know? Yeah. 'cause I think that's when you can find out a lot of shit about people. Yeah. I think the waltz thing was a mistake, I think. Oh yeah. Well, she, she even said that she, He's a buffoon.


She chose him when she was sleep deprived. Of Course he's a buffoon. Well, By the way, that's a h hilarious thing to say. Yeah, of Course. You can't kick him out either, right? No, you Can't say I changed my mind. You're fired. She Should have went with Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania. Would've been, would've been Republicans would've been panicked. But do you think that the free Palestine people would've got upset? 'cause Josh Shapiro is Jewish. Yeah. But at the end of the day, he would've won, he would've won more Jews back. He's a better debater. Mm. Right. And I think he would've been instrumental in pa and I think PA is the bowl game. Right? So I think yes, people would not have been happy with his, but by the way, waltz is saying the same stuff. So Shapiro's going, Israel's got a right to defend itself and we, and it's our big friend and whatever Waltz is saying the same thing.


And Shapiro would've said, except he's a goofy guy who should be at like a state fair eating hot dogs. He's shouldn't be the vice president. Right. So if you're gonna have that party line, 'cause it's the party line, no matter what you ask them, that's just their party line. They go, Israel has a right to defend. And it is funny if that's gonna be the party line, have a competent, shrewd operator say it. And not this buffoon. Not only that, who Should be ice fishing? Who's been caught lying multiple times. He's a pathological Liar. And he lies about stuff that's not important. That's right. That no one cares about. Like, you don't have to lie about that. Yeah. You don't have to. You're lying because you're, your version of the truth is not like what you're giving people is not the truth.


You're changing the truth and always to make you look better's. Right. You're a head coach instead of an assistant coach. Your military Rank is better than it is. You pretend kind of that you served in war. It's a li it's a, it's a, it's a total, You know, it, it's, it's, it's patronizing to the American people to just put this guy out there and say he's just like you. And he's one of the most radical people. I mean, he's just not a mainstream guy. Shapiro's much more of a mainstream guy who just happened to be Jewish. Right. And this guy who comes from Minnesota is a very far left radical guy.


Who again, is he, he's not Karl Marx, but he's nowhere near the mainstream of American politics. And they pick him out and they go. But he talk, he's folksy. He's got a charm. He's a fun guy. And, but he happens to be a liar and full of shit. And You know, his wife, when the BLM riots were happening, said, we just rolled down the, and you just opened the windows and smelled the burning tires and really took in the moment. Jesus. That's a quote from his psychotic wife. So there're psychopaths. There's psychopaths. These people that's shit. Rolling up. And we smell the burning tires we just took in the moment. That's a quote from Gwen Walls. Good lord. So at the end of the day, it's like they're not representative of the American people.


Just 'cause you might bump into 'em at a state fair. They're just broke those two. They got, they don't have a dollar. So it wasn exciting. They're like, oh, we got this guy who's broke. And he was like a coach and he has no money. And, but he turns out he's a liar. And he's, You know, people don't, You know, people don't, when riots are going on, people are not taking in the moment and sniffing the burnt tires. This is, You know, no. Why is this psychopath? Let me hear this. This is a psychopath could save Those first days. You know, when there were riots, I could smell the burning tires and it wasn, it wasn a very real thing.


And I kept the windows open for as long as I could because I felt like it wasn such a touchstone of what was, what was happening. She's Ill, she's mentally ill. I kept the windows open. So I I got burning tire smoke in my house, in my house. So they, you can't, can we what? It's a psychopath. And and they Democrats bring her out Because it goes, she, they're teachers and they're broke. They're like you. I think you and You know about that. Can't let anybody talk off script. That's right. If they're gonna be smart about this in the future, you gotta put everybody on a script. Yeah. Unless you find yourself another bill. Clinton, put everybody on a fucking script. God, he was good. I mean, listen, pedophile, perhaps Epstein friend, perhaps human trafficker perhaps.


But God, did he talk such good talker? God did he talk? And then I think it goes back to what we're talking about, about like secret societies. Like they've, there's always been these people that were in the White House or wherever these fucking places, these people Fucking, they go crazy behind closed doors. They do. And you're just assuming that they're the person, they portray themselves on television. Right. This buttoned down person with a suit and tie. Right. Who's talking to you about the future. Right. And it's, that's, that Is not what's happening. That's not what's happening. They're, they're human beings. They have vices. They're like wild shit. I bet they like power. For sure. Otherwise it wouldn't be president. They like power and they probably are into some kinky shit that they know they're not supposed to be doing.


'cause it's fun. For sure. That's probably what's fun about it. For sure. You're the president, you're getting your dick sucks. Like this is crazy In the Oval Office. It's crazy. Think about that. Yeah, that's a good point. So much fun. That's probably why Kennedy did it. They, they were outta control just, and then all of a sudden you can't anymore. Right. So it's, it's like what, huh? Yeah. It's like when they said Catholic priests couldn't get married anymore. Like what? Yeah. Like Catholic priests. So creepy. Used to fuck, they used to be the rock stars, But there were fucking too many people. Yeah. But Got after fucking, they banned marriage in the Catholic church. Nothing bad happened. Definitely. Thank God nothing bad happened. Yeah. Well you think it's, you think it's him? For sure. I do not know. I do not know Jamie Who won, You know, who had a really good post about this.


Max Luve. He had a really good post. He goes, I'm not voting for Trump. I'm voting against all these things. You just listed like a, like a very clear and concise list of all the different things that are fucked up about the, this ideology that's being pushed today. For sure. The fucking censorship of it all is the thing that's the most spooky. 'cause it's the only thing that's gonna keep us from working our way out of this Together. That and that and the war. Yeah. Those two things. That And the ratcheting up tensions all over the globe Yeah. Is a problem. Yeah. You know. Well he's the one who's saying he's gonna try to stop all this shit. Let's hope. And if that, if that's a reason to vote for someone, that that should be like the biggest reason to vote for someone.


Like get, get someone who wants to stop people killing people. Number one, get us outta these fucking international conflicts. Number two. Right. Make it so that we have our own oil and we have power here. Yeah. We don't have to import foreign oil and prop up dictators. That all would be good. All that would all that sounds good. Right. You know, it's like I don't hear the things that people keep saying. He's saying like, if this will be the last time you get to vote no, they're gonna put you in camps. Listen, They're gonna separate interracial relationship. The way to run against him was what I said. It's not saying he's Hitler. It's saying here's where he's right and here's where we can do it better. Yes. That's the way to run against them. Yes. That's how you're gonna win him. And they chose not I'm gonna back you.


I'll get Peter te Well you better think when you, I I'm coming to you for money, so you better, you Better, we're gonna get you fitted with a nice suit. Thank you. I think you're more of a like a collar open guy though. Collar open man of the people collar Open and just kind of like, Bro, you can't lose. Yeah. Gay Republican. You get so many people to jump over to the other side. I would go, I would should be the governor of California for Sure. You could win. That's, It's an actual good point. You could actually win that. It's a great point. But no, also, no one likes that Newsom fellow. They don't trust him anymore. He got caught with his fucking mask off at the French laundry. I will, I will either save the state or destroy it in five days. No, you'll fix it. It's, but it's either or and and I think either one is fine. You could be a national hero.


Yeah. Well I'm gonna be screaming for you to be president. That's what's gonna happen. Well let's pray. You'd be the first Republican president since Arne makes sense in That's right. You're in. Yeah. Or first Republican governor rather. Yeah. In California. So you, that'd be huge. That's a good plan. 'cause I could go from there and then write to the White House. And you are socially liberal so the liberals won't feel bad voting for you. Right. To an extent. I'm socially liberal to a pretty fucking wide extent, You know? Yeah. To, to a wide extent. Yeah. I do believe women should ask to leave the house. Like I dobel. I do have that Because you have to. That's where I have that Islam thing get permission. I do believe that permission's important. Permission's important Sharia law thing is the craziest. Well, let's hope. Let's hope everybody's peaceful and happy.


Yeah. Let's hope it's not all Handmaid's tale in the future. Yeah. Thanks for being here man. Thank you. It's always fun as always. Thank you. This, you had some brilliant rants tonight as always. No, thank you. I appreciate it. Where are you at? Where can people come see you? Tim Dylan show on YouTube. Tim Dillon comedy.com and the mothership sold out. But I'll be there in next week. Oh, you're there next week. We might be at a show. You traveling around you. Yeah, I mean there's a few, You know, we just did a tour and You know, we're kind of at the end of it, but we got some dates in Canada. We're, we're kind of at the end of the tour and You know, you coming to clubs tonight? Are you there? Yeah, yeah. Come tell I'll in. Yeah, I'm doing Ron White Show. Okay, cool. Come to Tanya. Alright, talk soon. Thank you. Bye. Bye everybody.