
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day, Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. And I could even, after we got off the phone last night, I was like, I'm gonna go to bed. I can go get a few. And then I just had to watch clips. What time did I call you? Like Three, three thirty, something like that. Yeah. I was just sitting in front of YouTube watching professional pool on TV going, what the fuck is going on? So, turns out voting works. It's real. As much as we fucking thought they had it rigged as much as we thought there was shenanigans and bullshit. And it's just a, a puppet show, and there's no way anybody could buck this system.


Turns out voting is still real, at Least partially, At least if it's too big to rig. Yes. And clearly he was too big to rig. Yeah. Wasn't it? It it was crazy Because it was like, for, for weeks, especially in the close of the campaign, it was one of those things where it felt Like, It, it almost felt like 2008 when Obama was running against McCain And it was just so obvious Obama was running away with this, everything you could see and, and observe his crowd sizes, the enthusiasm, the culture. It was all behind him. But at that time, the polls were reflecting what you saw everywhere. Obama's up big, he's about to, John McCain's not gonna win after eight years of George W. Bush.


The country doesn't want another warhawk. They want this, You know, articulate young peace guy. Right. And it was like that with Trump, where it's like all the signs are that he's clearly running away with this. But then every single poll told you, no, this is the closest election of your lifetime. And then it was just, there was a very interesting feeling to see it and be like, oh, okay. I'm not crazy. I was observing all the things. I was observing. Do You know what, what Trump told me about the polls? No. What? He's like, they're bullshit. They don't do anything. You give them money. Oh yeah. They come back, they have these results. You don't know. He was Like, they charge 500 grand for Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's right. Yeah, he's right. And the media gaslit us to the, the, the absolute limits of their ability.


The absolute limits. Joy Reed spent the entire time, she was discussing Trump the other day, comparing him to Mussolini, Stalin, Hitler, talking about a right wing authoritarian regime. Yep. As if he had never been president for four years and didn't behave like any of those things. Yeah. As if the economy wasn't booming, as if people weren't making more money. As if we weren't involved in any new conflicts overseas. No new wars. I, I mean, I could, I could point to a lot of things Trump did in his four years that I think were bad, but they were things that were similar to Obama and Bush, and they, You know what I mean? It wasn't Different. Guess what? I bet he could point to them too. You know, when I talked to him about what it was like to actually govern for the first time ever, it's a daunting task.


He was telling me about the thousands and thousands of appointments he had to make. Thousands of people he had to pick. He didn't know who any of these people were. He had to trust people that he knew, and he didn't know who was telling 'em the truth and who was just trying to get the system moving along in the exact same direction. And he got bogged down with a lot of that shit. It took forever for them to weed it out, which is the crazy thing about being president. It's the hardest job on the planet. And you start it without any knowledge of it. Well, that's, yeah. And I mean, a little bit of that's on him. 'cause there were some people who he probably should have known. What I didn't like in his answer about that to you is that then he kind of pivoted to talking about how John Bolton was actually really good to have there, because he was Terrifying.


He's terrifying. And he's crazy. Oh, this guy wants war with everyone. But the problem is that, like, that's not how it went down. John Bolton ruined the North Korea deal. It's not Like It, it was successful. And the North Koreans were so scared of John Bolton that they wanted to talk to Donald Trump. They were at the meeting, they were willing to talk to Donald Trump. And then John Bolton came in and they were like, well, this guy, these guys are psychopaths. So I don't want make a deal with them, that Mustache alone. And I, I will say, look, man, I was, I was rooting for Trump last night as much as anybody in this country was Not as much as Tony Hinchcliffe. Okay, second, second most, second to Tony Hinch, Tony h More Puerto Ricans voted for Trump than ever, ever.


By up 26%. He was so Well, but wasn't it? What? And wasn't that just one of the, it was, look, there's obviously a huge series of these things where the, the Democrat establishment and the corporate media, but I repeat myself, they, it's death by a thousand self-inflicted Yes. Wounds. Yes. But it, it is almost as if it's like their whole thing relies on lies. Right. It's just all lies. And they are just, they are have their eyes shut and their fingers in their ears, and they're going, no, no, no, no, no. Nope. We're just pretending reality is the thing we want it to be. Exactly. They, they don't want to get slowed down by this, this force that is objective reality.


And so all of it, You know, whether it's Joe Biden Sharp as Attack Yeah. Kamala Harris', joy. Yeah. You know, Donald Trump is Hitler. Tony Hinchcliffe was a man at an event who made some comments. Did you see? He wasn't really, that wasn't a comedian who was ribbing everybody. Not only that, but an insult comedian. Right. A comedian who's famous for insulting people. And we're supposed to act like this. It's not 2024. Like we, we didn't all grow up on Don Rickles. And we all know exactly what Tony Hinchcliffe is doing. Did you see the clip that the mothership posted? It's on my Instagram. No. So they're talking about the, the comedian who made jokes about Puerto Rico while Tony's on stage on the other screen.


So Tony's on SC stage at the mothership while this guy's talking about what Tony did on CNN, and they're going over like the Puerto Rican population and how they voted. Oh, that's So funny. Just Pull it Up because it's fucking Crazy. Oh, that's So great. We're watching it. And Metzger was back there. The whole green room was packed. We were having the best fucking time. There should have been a camera on the green room last night. Would've been the greatest reality show of all time. Brian Simpson and Tony Hinchcliffe and Assan. Everybody's cracking jokes. Metzger. Look at this about The Puerto Rican joke. Oh, dude, that's so great. That's the chick.


I just said after that we're in a simulation for Sure. Yeah. It does feel Way Like It, it's on the video. I said, we're in a simulation. It's a hundred percent. Well, it's just Like, It is just unbelievable, man. Like the, the, the false reality that they were trying to present while you're, while you're watching what's actually going on. Yeah. And seeing that it's like there was just an enormous shift, like culturally from say even 2016 to now. And I did. I thought one of the big indicators to me, I was talking about this a bunch on my show over the last couple weeks was, or I, since the Garden event, whatever it wasn a week and a half ago. Yeah. And dude, there were no protestors.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all forgetting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake, to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks, you, US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. E terms apply.


No, that to me was so Wild. It was all gaslighting. It was, But I'm saying like, if this was happening in 2016, if in 2016 Trump came to Manhattan to give a speech, there would've been like thousands of protestors. I was there actually in 2016. Yeah. When that did happen. Right? I I was there the day that he won. I was there for the UFC. Right, right. So the next day we're walking down the street in Manhattan and people are chanting, this guy was saying Donald Trump, KKK, anti-black and anti-gay. Like chanting, Not a terrible chant. It was terrible. He was the biggest cock ever. It was like, no, The Super cock.


The guy was a super cock. He was one of those guys where you just like, of course. Look at you. Yeah. I wanted to follow him around. I'm like, you're amazing. You're a gift. Keep talking. Just let listen to you. Like, what's your life like? After this Two black guys started walking towards his way, he started chanting Black Lives Matter. As soon as he saw the black guys, black guys, black Lives Matter, black Lives Matter. I was like, this is amazing. I stuck right behind him, me and Cam Haynes, and I think Tony was there too. And we were just, this is crazy. Yeah, this is crazy. But they Don't seem to have that in the same way. It's all bullshit. Like the shock troops aren't there for them anymore. It's bullshit. First of all, back then they didn't know what he was gonna do and what he did economically. Chamath has the best way of explaining it.


He said it was the right message, it was the wrong messenger. But if you look at the actual actions and were they good for the economy? Were they good for the United States? They were. But it's Donald Trump. As the messenger was so polarized and that people lost what's really going on just based on who this guy is, who has like, just like Tony Hinchcliffe is an insult comic. Donald Trump's entire career is You are fired. Yep. You're a loser. Rosie O'Donnell's a loser. Like that's his whole shtick. And you expect him to course correct once he get into office. No, he's not. That's not who he is. You elected that guy. But along with that, now you get RFK Jr.


You get Tulsi Gabbard, you get Elon Musk and you get JD Vance. You get brilliant people who aren't ideologically captured. Two of them who used to be Democrats, one of them that probably knows more about environmental polluting. Yeah. And about the problems with pharmaceutical drug companies and health and the consequences of all sorts of pesticides and herbicides, ingredients in your food that should be banned in our banned in other country. You got that guy in there now. Yep. Yep. And we got a real chance to make real change. This is like one of the first times ever where there's a real chance to make real tangible change that's gonna be for the good of everybody. Yeah. He's gotta unite people.


He's gotta not attack the left and not attack everybody. Let 'em all talk their shit, but unite. Yeah. Now it's time to unite everybody. Well, I 100%. And then there's, there's even more guys in, in, I mean, Vivek Ramee. Yes. Vivek, David Sacks. I mean, he's got some really smart guys. Vivic is a, are very successful. Yes. Who are really Vivek's incredible. Incredible. Which is excellent and totally brilliant. And so right about so many of the major issues. Yes. And, and look, I mean Donald Trump now, he has a real mandate, which is like this, this is kind of what's crazy. This isn't 2016 where, You know, he lost by several million votes in the popular vote, but won the counties that were important.


And just by the skin of his teeth got in. This is like he's, I I mean the last I looked, he was up by over 5 million in the popular vote. Yeah. 5 million in the popular vote. And what was it when, when I went to bed? It was three 12. Yeah. He had 312 electoral college votes. Yeah. With still, I think a few states. Arizona, I think hasn't, You know, finished yet. Yeah. And So it might, it might even rack up higher than that there. But the mandate is like very specific. It's like the, the basic policies of like, okay, immigration control can't have just have an open border with no control of who comes into our country. A desire to get out of stupid foreign wars. Yes. You know, and, and, and obviously the improve the economy Yes.


Deal with inflation, things like that. But he's got a mandate to do that right now. And he is got all some great people around him. My big listen, I was rooting for him as hard as anyone except Tony Hinchcliffe last night. Listen. But, but I will say now, I think now till January 20th, the real, the pressure should be on, on Trump to, to do better on the appointments than he did last time. He's got a lot of better people around him than he ever had in 2016 or 2020. But he was floating out Mike Pompeo as the Secretary of Defense, and he did have Mike Pompeo speak at his final campaign event. And to be clear, Mike Pompeo is Liz Cheney's pick for defense secretary.


It's Hillary Clinton's pick for defense secretary. And so much of this will be lost if he puts that guy in there that he, he needs to keep all of the Lindsey Grahams and the Mike Pompeo's and all of these guys away from his administration bring, bring in the non-interventionist man. No one wants to fight these stupid wars anymore. And that's what you ran on and won on. I want Lindsey Graham to start a podcast That I'd be fine with. We gotta get those minerals. There's some expensive minerals over there in Ukraine. Tim Dylan was doing an impression of him yesterday. It was amazing. It was amazing. Oh dude, I don't even, like, maybe I should now.


He deserves it. But there, did you ever see the thing when he was running for president where he was talking about, Wait, he ran for President Lindsey Graham ran for president. That's amazing. And 2016, Imagine those Hubris, remember I think Trump gave his phone number out or something like it wasn. Did he really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't remember that? No. It was like, because he was like attacking Donald Trump for probably not being an awful warhawk or something like that. And Donald Trump like, said something about how he, he used to call him and ask for money, You know, when he was running for campaign and then he just gave his phone number out the best he made, he made a senator change his phone number. It wasn just so great. That's like a chill sunon move. Yeah. It was just, it was amazing. So funny. Amazing. But he said, Lindsey Graham was asked about being the first single president.


Yeah. Never married no kids. And he goes, he goes, he goes, there might be a bunch of different first ladies if I was in there like, yeah, Sure buddy. First of all, that's the last thing you say. If you're a man and you're a heterosexual, you say, I'm trying to find a good woman. Yeah. Really. I'm trying to just find one good woman that I can grow with and that I love with all my heart. Just one good woman. I know that she's out there. Yeah. That's what you say. Yeah. You don't might be a bunch of first ladies, I'm gonna get divorced, married, divorced, and married, and keep on scooping up them minerals in the Ukraine. I can give those matter rules to the Russians. We're just walking around with women's panties on and shit, and high heels.


I'm the president. I Mean, listen, I wouldn't, I'm wear, I'm the first lady too. I'm gonna wear her clothes. I typically wouldn't go after someone for that. But when you're a war a warhawk, all yeah, all is fair. But he's just gotta, he's gotta keep those people away from a man. And that really was his failure in his, in his first term, was And, and look, I do understand him saying, I don't know, he was an outsider. He had never been, he had never lived in Washington DC He didn't know all these people, but he's had a lot of time. This is eight years later and he's got a great core of people around him. And those are the people to take advice from him. It's like, Mr. President. Well, they're on it. If you're listening, they're On it right now. Yes. Well talk to Rand Paul. Yeah. Yes. R Paul will tell you who to put in those positions. Talk to Thomas Massey. I just saw he floated at Thomas Massey for, I, I can't remember what position it was.


That's great. Put those guys in there. These are the America first guys. Yeah. Okay. And it's not Mike Pompeo. It's not the war machine dude. And it's, and also, You know, look, his rhetoric was so great on Ukraine through, through the election. And when he had the courage to just say like, no, I want the, I want the dying to stop it. Wasn one of the best moments of the entire campaign. But his rhetoric on Israel has been very bad. And the the other thing that you can't get around is that like, listen, you can love Israel all you want to and you can, you can pledge to help defend them or whatever. But no, I'm okay. But, but Netanyahu is John McCain.


Right? That's who he is. Right. I mean, he's Mike Pompeo. He's Liz Cheney or Nick Haley. He's the guy who came over and testified in 2002 before a congressional hearing and advocated that we overthrow Saddam who'se, and also advocated that we go have a regime change war in Iran, which he still wants to this day. He advocated, we had the regime change in, in Libya in Syria. I mean, he's John McCain. That's not America first. That's not, You know what I mean? That's not this, we're not fighting stupid wars anymore. So love Israel all you want to, but we are not with BB Netanyahu. That's something else. That's the opposite of America first. Yeah. A lot can get done here, man. Yeah, I think So. I think he can listen to those people.


He has four amazing people around him, You know, that really have experience. Like especially Tulsi Congresswoman for eight years, RFK Jr. Knows it inside and out. You've got Vance who's brilliant. You've got Vive, who's brilliant. You've got four incredible people with him. Yeah. And then he Can, I think he can get through this in a different way than he did in 2016. I, I think he's the, there's real possibilities for it. And I think that that's a huge component of it, the team that he's got around him. And I would also put, I would put Tucker Carlson Yes. In that camp too, because I think he is very influential Yeah. In on his thinking. I think in, in many ways he's kind of, You know, Although he does think demons made nuclear bombs And look 50 50 shot, he's right about that.


I'm not saying he's, but when it comes to policy, I'm saying he's very spot on on that. I love the guy, don't get me wrong. No, me too. And, and who knows. He was A little bit obsessed with demons. He said a demon attacked him. Did you see that? Yeah. Scratched him up. I did See that. And I wasn't sure, I I, when I was watching it, I was like, is this like a Halloween thing that he's Doing? Jamie, why are you laughing? That's so rude. He's a victim of demons. That sounds Like a fun thing. That could, I don't know what happened. That's the thing. Why is asleep demons never really get you, You know, they're scary like ghosts, they never steal you. Yeah, it's true. Neither do aliens. They bring you back. They always bring you back. It's like They borrow you for a little bit. They freak you out. Do You think like demons are bummed about that? Like, they're like, did you kill anyone today? And they're like, we can only really scratch people. Tucker thinks aliens are demons.


Yeah. I know Aliens are angels and demons. He thinks it's like this idea that they come from outta space is stupid. He said they've been, he thinks they've been here all along. Yeah. Is this like legit scientists that entertain this? Yeah. I'm not convinced of that. But I do think he's really, I think he's great on war and immigration. He is. He's a brilliant guy. But I do, I do think another huge component of why Trump's got such an opportunity right now is because like, you just, you see it where, like I was saying, the protesters aren't there anymore. Right. And there's a whole lot of really interesting reasons, I think for why that is. But also, and I was, I was getting in an argument on Twitter the other day with Michael Tracy, who I do like and respect very much.


But I was basically saying that I think this is gonna be a death blow for the corporate media if Donald Trump wins again. And this is almost the best thing about him winning again. And he was saying, which is a reasonable argument, but I disagree with him. But he was saying, well, no, Dave, I mean, look, last time he was in for four years that it wasn the best thing that ever happened to CNN and M-S-N-B-C. And they got a big ratings boost when, when he was in. But I don't think that's gonna work again. I Don't think it's gonna work either. Well, The thing is that so much of that ratings boost was completely driven by the Russiagate nonsense. Right. And what they were telling you at the time was that they had the biggest scandal in the history of the United States of America. Like the, you can't overstate how big that story is.


I mean, they were telling you if it was true. Yeah. Right. If, if it wasn't all completely made up. But they're reporting that a foreign hostile foreign power has overturned our election. And the sitting president of the United States of America is in on it. He's he's involved in a conspiracy with a hostile foreign government. Yeah. Like that's the biggest scandal in the history of America. And they, for, for anybody who wasn't aware at the time of how fake and evil the entire system is, they were like, well, look, they got a special prosecutor on the president. I mean, there must be something there. And hey, I just heard the, the chair of the House intelligence committee tell me he's seen the evidence and that this is, he's guilty of this.


And you had the former CIA director John Brennan, saying that Trump and his family are gonna be hauled off in handcuffs on television once Mueller's investigation concludes. And so for the regular person, especially for the regular person who really hated Donald Trump, it was pretty easy to get sucked into that. But after it wasn exposed for being a giant fake, and then the big one is COVID, I just don't think they can Recover. Let's pause, let's pause here. No repercussions. Yeah. You wanna talk about misinformation? We have to censor social media because of misinformation. Right. You guys spread it misinformation to the biggest news organization, the biggest news audience in the world. Yeah. And you did it for three years. Yeah. You did it for three years. And then when it turned out that it wasn't true, you never apologized.


And it didn't just turn out it wasn't true. But turned out it was actually funded By Clinton. Well, It star, right. It started, it started as opposition research. Yeah. And then the intelligence agencies jumped on that and decided knowing that it was all bullshit, decided to use it to frame the sitting president of the United States of America of treason. And, and listen, I'm a, a few episodes back one time we heard, we went real deep into this. But that claim is, this is just a fact. They lied on the FI S A court, the FI s A court application to spy on Carter Page, who was a low level advisor for Donald Trump. Just an excuse to spy on Trump's campaign.


And they lied to the FI S A court. They, they omitted the fact that the CIA had already told them that Carter page wasn't a spy and that he was working with them and that he was one of their good guys as the FBI went to the ccia and they were like, we have information that says that the Russians approached Carter Page and the CIA said, yeah, we know. He came and told us immediately 'cause he's working with us. And then what they put on the FI S A application is they said, we believe that the Russians approached him and the CIA confirmed it wasn true. Whoa. So they, which is technically true, technically it's a lie by omission. You're omission admitting the fact that he went straight to them to tell us. Exactly. So this, it wasn, by the way, the only guy who actually got charged was the person was the FBI guy who submitted that application.


But so Well that's good. That's But look, when you said there were no ramifications. Right. You're right. In the sense of like, I mean, legally No, I mean, or people getting fired. The News media. Yes. But I'm saying this is the ramification. The ramification is that they're not gonna be able to pull it off again. Right. And the ramification is that look, they, they did everything they could to tell you this was a Nazi, this was the end of democracy. Yeah. That he incited an insurrection. And the American people said, we already get that. You're full of shit. They Cried wolf. Yeah. Too many times. They cried Way too many times. Way too many times. The Joy Reed stuff was working for Trump. It was working for Trump when she's calling him a right wing dictator, comparing him to Mussolini and Stalin.


And then when Oprah said that if Trump wins, you may never be able to vote again. That is, I mean, it's just So the craziest thing when you go back and watch him on her show where she was encouraged him to be president. Yeah. You ever see that? Yep. Yep. I saw, I I saw it and then I saw when you played it fairly recently, Hey, Oprah. Yeah. What changed? Yeah, that's right. Well, here's what changed the narrative. Well, he became the guy who wasn't just funding a lot of politicians and being like a famous guy and he became the guy who was calling all of them out and threatening to drain the swamp. Yeah. That's really was his crime, is that he threatened the DC power establishment. But it's crazy how many rich and famous people stepped in line to help them take him out.


Yep. Like So many famous influential people. And I give a pass to Cardi BI give a pass. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Do You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I agree. I agree. I don't think Amber Rose knows what Trump's real policies are. You know what I'm saying? Yes. I give a pass to some celebrities that come out, but then when you have some of them that are making videos, all the Avengers get together. Like, Hey, are you trying to get me to hate superhero movies? Are you trying to show me your real fucking weird personalities and get me to hate superhero movies? Why are you doing that? If I was running the Avengers, I'd be like, Hey guys, cut the shit. Do you think one fucking person is gonna vote for Kamala Harris?


Because they saw that Ironman wants them to vote for Kamala Harris. Are you fucking crazy? Well, It's, So I look, man, I mean, did they think that one Puerto Ricans vote was gonna be flipped because of a joke that Tony made? By the way, Puerto Ricans are known for being great insult comics. Yeah. Like Louis Gomez, great insult comic. Yeah. Fucking Freddie Prince Jr. Was a great comic port Puerto Rico is a history of great comedy. They could talk some shit. Yeah. Puerto, if you knew, grew up in New York at all. You know, Puerto Ricans can Talk a Lot of shit. And it, Louis is one of the best shit talkers I've ever met. Also Garbage. It's Tony had A point like Italians Italian.


Yeah. And I'm Italian Italians and Puerto Ricans have a lot in common that we talk a lot of shit to each other. So we don't get insulted that much by jokes. It's not the same thing. Right. Like, it's very hard to insult an Italian and have it stick. Yeah. It doesn't work. Yeah. You can call 'em a Guido, like Yeah, I'm a Guido. You can call 'em a grease ball. No one cares. You, you, no one go back to your country. No one's been there in fucking generations. It's also my, my wife is Italian and her, or all my in-laws or whole family is Italian. And it is like, when you have a dinner, it's just everyone yells they're animals. Like everything's a yell. They're the Romans. Like, I'll, I'll literally her, her my brother-in-law, who I love It is a great guy. Super smart. But he will, if he's agreeing with you in a conversation Yeah.


And you were like, in the next room, you would be like, is David about to fight his brother-in-law? Like, what's going on in there? No, he's just agreeing with what I'm saying, but he's screaming it at me. You know, but that, but It is a thing where it's very, they're very thick skinned. Very, they're not, they're not like fragile people. Exactly. Exactly. It's one of my favorite things. Puertoricans and Puerto Ricans are the, some Puerto also, look at Puerto Rico, some of the best boxers of all time outta Puerto Rico. It's one fucking island. You got Felix Trinidad. Yep. You got Gomez, Alfredo Gomez. You got incredible fighters. Came out as one place. You have a fucking tough population, man. Yeah. It's not the, I mean, I'm sure there was a few people that were pissed off at that joke. But the reality is, is one of the things that helped Tony, is that joke was based about Tony's concern for the environment.


Yeah. Tony is obsessed with recycling. He's like, You know, recycling's bullshit, You know, it all goes in a landfill. You tell, you put it, I'm gonna put it in the blue bin. It all goes in the landfill. So Tony was obsessed with the Pacific garbage patch, and then he got obsessed with Puerto Rico because they don't have any room. So they're landfills. You're just overflowing with garbage. They literally have a giant garbage problem. So he came up with a joke based around that. I think it's called Puerto Rico. I, I, I was texting with him after it. And I I thought it was so great. I mean, I thought even the his, the bit that he did on Israel Palestine was so funny. He he ripped both sides.


Yeah. And then he did, by the way, same with the Puerto Rico thing. There was an underlying really good point to it, which is always like the best comedy when you're just being funny. But at the same time you're like, ah. And he did kind of nail that too, where he was just like, why are we funding wars that have been going on forever? Right. Like, figure it out guys. Yeah. And then he just got a great rip on Muslims, A great rip on Jews. And it, so the way they picked out Puerto Ricans too, It's going on in the morning. There's no opening act, no one knows there's gonna be comedy. Yeah. The most difficult setup. And there's no one on before him other than a prayer. They do a prayer. They're saying they were singing prayers and songs, and then the music stops and Tony goes on flat to a bunch of people in the middle of the day.


Well, yeah, dude, The lights are on Bright. It makes no sense. The worst setup of all time for comedy. I, I remember in real time when I was watching it, like being like, I was like, well, I mean, Tony's not gonna be able to do Tony in this setup. So like, I wonder what he's gonna do. And then like, as it starts, you're like, oh, he is just gonna do Tony. Yeah. Oh, that's crazy dude. It's crazy For him. It's the Nuttiest thing as palsy Should have never done it. But the fact that he did it, whatever, it's like, listen man, there's gonna be some people that tried to capitalize on that. And it wasn a big thing. Like a OC really mobilized, which is funny 'cause I'm almost certain that A O C's been to see Kill Tony. Really? Yes. Huh.


Interesting. Yeah. Almost certain. Almost certain that she's Been Wait here at the Mothership? I don't think so. Here, but somewhere saw Kill Tony. Eh, she probably loves it. They're all so far away. I wonder who, let's call 'em up, Huh? All right, let's get to the bottom of it. Wait, we have access. Call Tony Hinch Cliff. Yo. Hey dude. You're live, you're live on the air right now with Dave Smith. I need to answer a question. I need a question answered. Did a OC ever come to see Kill Tony? She says that she did, but we're almost positive that she didn't, I never met her in any of the shows in la I mean, she could have conceivably have bought a ticket to Madison Square Garden, but she never posted about it.


Well, she probably wouldn't post about it's, it's too sketchy. Your, your show's sketchy. Yeah. But so how do You know that? She says that she was there. She tweeted that she's been to a taping when all that stuff went down. She said that she's disappointed in me. And she's Been to a taping. I can't remember the exact tweet right now, but it was the day of the, the day of the Madison Square Garden Trump thing. She posted. I'm really disappointed in Tony Hinchcliffe. I'm a fan of Kian. I've been to a taping, something like that. I don't wanna misquote her like she would certainly do to me, But she's been there and she was surprised.


It makes no sense. Yeah. No, nothing. These people fucking say make any sense. They're out of their goddamn minds and now their voices are quieted. Thank God Tony. America's back, baby America's back. You leave it. Let's, let's fucking go. Let's fucking go. I gotta go, brother. I love you. Rock and roll. Bye-Bye. Nobody who's ever been to kill Tony would be disappointed. It didn't matter. Doesn't make any sense. It was a political tool. Of course, of course. It's like, if you need, you have a wrench. Here's a bolt. I need, I need to use a wrench. That's what it was like. So a OC was sending, telling people, send it out in all your group chats, let people know it's not, they're not, but you can't, they're not the most sensitive people.


They're like resilient people. They're not gonna, people are gonna get upset about a joke, but they're also gonna understand it's just a fucking joke. And then when they know, and then when some, if someone does tell them, oh, Puerto Rico really does have a giant garbage problem. Like it's a giant problem overflowing land. You ever see it? Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. You look at the images, you're like, oh my God, you gotta do something about this. You can't cover your island in garbage. This is nuts. Yeah. It's, look, it's, I I just like I was saying before though, man, I just, I do like, I feel like if you zoom out, like if, if you look at it closely, you would be like, like you said with the, sorry. Oh, yeah, yeah. She said She's been to mul, she's been to shows. Yeah.


Wow. Before people try to act like this is some pc, overly sensitive nonsense, which is what it is. I've been to kill Tony shows. I'm from the Bronx. I don't give a shit about crude humor. Then what are you doing? Well, what do you do? You don't pretend that your support for Trump is a joke. Own it. You're doing a set to support him. That's a choice. Listen, you guys have a real problem with someone disagreeing with you. Yeah. And you, you want to, in any way, shape or form that's possible. Turn that person to a demon. You never want to have someone who has an opposing perspective that should be considered or may be countered with better information, which is what we're all supposed to be doing. Yep. Ideally, with people of good character and who go into arguments with good faith, you should be able to respectfully disagree and have conversations with things.


This is like everybody who thinks one way is bad. Everybody who thinks this way is good. We'll do whatever we can to destroy the people that are that way. Obama, there was a guy, there was a guy at the Trump rally that said, the Puerto Rico's a pile of garbage. Those are human beings. Like, was that, come on, dude. Hey, was that guy maybe telling a joke? Yeah. What do you think? Is he telling a joke? Do You know what jokes are? You're my age. Do You know what jokes are? What are we doing? Come on. Come on, bro. Like we, and what Are we doing? We, we All grew up on like, in, in the America of Howard Stern and The Simpsons and all this stuff. It's not like jokes are foreign to any of us. Yeah. We all forgot about Superbad. Yeah. Like we forget about Tropic Thunder.


Do we forget how those things work? Right. And You know, and and to, and her point is so stupid. I mean, she's like, Hey, you're a Trump supporter. Own it. It's like, yeah, he's speaking at a Trump event at Madison Square Garden. There's nothing to do with the Joke. But I'm saying just the fact that he's there clearly already says, yeah, I'm, I'm supporting this guy. And then he's a comedian, so he is like, I'm gonna do what I do here with it. You know? And if you Exactly. If you wanna, if a OC wanted to come out and say something like, she'd go, listen, I'm actually a fan of Tony. I really like the show. Kill Tony. It wasn fucked up. She goes, I don't think it's appropriate at a political event be right to have an insult comic. That'd be a reasonable thing to say. Yes. Okay, fine. Yes, she'd Be correct, but I don't think it was appropriate.


Yes. But that's kind fucking baby. That's on the campaign. That's on the campaign. That's not hundred Tony. You know what I mean? And like, so, but that's not what she's saying. And again, it's like, You know, look, if you, to the point you were making before, right? About the, the Russia collusion hoax and no one getting in trouble for it. If you were to look at a, say the weapons of mass destruction lie, that got us into war in Iraq, killed a million people, cost trillions of dollars and tens of thousands of our bravest young men blowing their brains out. You know, just an unmitigated disaster. And none of the people who, who sold that lost their jobs or are, You know, they're not like, I don't know what they should be doing.


Maybe like picking up garbage by the side of the road apologizing to every car that passes them. I don't Know. Well, let's, let's pause for a second and compare. There's people that said that there was weapons of mass destruction. They willfully created this story. It's, it's a fake story. 100%. No one got in trouble. Trump paid off some lady who says he fucked her Yep. And made a book kicking error. So he got hit with 34 felonies. Yep. Now, if you wanna just be that person that says he's a convicted felon, and just repeat it over and over again. Understand that now you are changing what the law means Because you don't like a guy. And that can be used on you. This is what happens in dictatorships. This is what happens when communism takes over a country and you get a military dictatorship.


They just throw the laws at you. Yeah. And they're doing it right in front of your face and you're okay repeating it. He's a convicted felon. He's a convicted felon. He's a convicted felon for 34 misdemeanors, which are all the same thing. Which Weren't really felonies. Which Weren't felonies. And were past the statute of limitations. So Yes. How much do you hate freedom? Yeah, It's not, listen, none of the Trump legal charges were an example where, look, the, the former president of the United States of America clearly broke the law. And we don't wanna politicize, You know, the, the legal system here.


No. But it's so obviously broke the law that we have to prosecute 'em. It was, we're coming up with a novel legal theory that we've never prosecuted anyone under before. And if you interpret it this way, then we could interpret this misdemeanor that's passed the statute of limitations as a felony. That, so There's, now how does this not freak out liberals who are obsessed with criminal reform Because they've never, because that's not their side. Do You know, side the issue? You know how that is? Just Think about how many it's, it's, it's one of the best things that I do on this show is when I have Josh Dubon, who used to work with the Innocence Project, now does things on his own where they're trying to find people that have been unfairly prosecuted by bad judges and by bad prosecutors and get 'em outta fucking jail.


Oh, can I just say real quick, dude? 'cause if I don't, I, I wanna make sure I say this while we're here, but to president elect Donald Trump. Dude, he, he came to the Libertarian Party convention this year and he promised us, and a whole bunch of people, myself included, like supported him for this. And he, he did carry I think the libertarian vote, and he promised us he was gonna free Ross Ulbrich on day one. And like, if you're listening the Mr. President, if this gets to you, please, please come through on that promise. Man, this kid has done over a decade in jail already. His, he was guilty of creating a website. You know, he, it, it, it was like a dark web type thing and I guess some people sold drugs on it and stuff, but lit he, he's done 10 years over 10 years for Yeah.


Have You ever seen the documentary on that? Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting Because it does seem, I'm Friend, I know his mom. It seems like he was railroaded. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. It seems like they, they came up with some sort of a phony murder for hire charge. Well, They, so they accused him of that, but then they withdrew that charge. Yeah. He was never convicted of that. Right. He's, he got life without parole for making a website. And I've just, I've gotten to know his mother Lynn over the years, and she's like the sweetest lady and she's just in the middle of this nightmare. Like, her whole life has been a nightmare for the last 11 years or whatever it's been. And just, I really just please come through on that one. There's no political capital even to be spent on it. It's one of the best things he did when he was president last year was last time was, You know, freeing people who were just in jail on BS and way over prosecuted.


And he said he was gonna do it on day one. And I'm just saying we, a lot of people supported him for that. I really hope he comes through. That would be amazing. Well, we're gonna know a lot about what he is gonna do, whether he comes through or not. Yeah. That, that'll tell us a lot. If he comes through, I think a lot of people will be able to hear, I mean, wouldn't you love to see him on a podcast? Wouldn't you love to talk to him on a podcast? Would love to. Yeah. And ask him questions about what actually happened. Yeah. Well look, now that we know what we know now, like the FBI did this whole internal thing with him and they, they used people and agents to trap him. But now what we know about what they did with the kidnapping case or gre Gretchen Whitmer, we didn't know that before. We didn't know that you could have a kidnapping case where there's 14 people and 12 of them, or FBI informants.


So you got 12 people working with the FBI two retards, and you convinced these dumb asses that they should go and kidnap the fucking governor. And they're like, cosplay. These guys are idiots. They, they might have been playing fucking game of Dungeons and Dragons in the woods. They're idiots. Well, it's a, there's an old saying. They're gullible people there, there's an old saying, it goes something like the FBI always gets their man because it's always their man. Yeah. You know, it's like lot that it's, dude, there's been, there's been dozens and dozens of these FBI what they call sting operations, which are really entrapment or since nine 11. Yes. Where they get, oh, we thwarted another terrorist attack. So this is, but no, they didn't thwart terrorist attack. They planned a terrorist attack and then thwarted it.


Yes. Like It was never gonna happen. By the way, a little note on that. Every single time, I just find this fascinating. Every time the FBI wants to do one of these terrorist entrapment things, which again, they've done dozens and dozens of since nine 11. Every time when they approach like young Muslim guys who are like on radical websites or something like that, every time, they never go up there and they say, Hey, how do you feel about America being free and prosperous? Or how do you feel about the fact that we don't have Sharia law here or anything? They never do that. They always go, how do you feel about American foreign policy? Look at all these innocent Muslims that we're killing over there in that part of the world. Doesn't that make you angry? Doesn't that make you wanna do something about it? You see, like when the FBI wants to do entrapment, all of a sudden they know what motivates terrorism.


They're not like, oh, you hate us for our freedom, or the dumb shit that they say to the American public. They know exactly how to entrap these people. They go, how do you feel about all these Palestinian babies getting killed right now? You know, that's America's money and weapons that are doing it. Yeah. And that's how they get 'em. But it's all, it's, you look at the first World Trade Center attack was all just the FBI screwed it up. Yeah. They were following it the whole time. Yeah. And then they screwed it up and they almost took down the towers. And if we got to hear Brook's story, I better it be wild, be amazing, wild. Wildly different than the narrative that we heard in the courtroom, or it was in the documentary. I bet it it's wildly different. And I wouldn't be surprised if he got railroaded. Just we know too much.


Now we know about that case there. There's multiple different cases. There's the Dallas case where they got that kid to blow up a, a building. They gave him a fake bomb and a cell phone and he activated, they, they radicalized that kid. He was just a dumb low IQ kid that's, You know, 19. Yeah. Fucking gullible. And they, they talked him into joining and here's what we're gonna do. And, and then they say they're preventing crime. Like you're actually making it. You're making it and then stopping it. And that's a, that's fucking wrong. You're cheating, you're rigging the pinball game, man. You fucking, you, you're, and we know that now. So it would be really interesting to his, his story. Yeah. 10 years is fucking plenty. Too much. Yeah. Way too much. Yeah. No, you can never give that back to him.


Yeah. But like, just let him go free. And it's also just such a situation where you just, You know, and obviously like I've, I know his mother, so I'm like, You know, I'm kind of personally invested in it, but it's like, this kid is no threat. Right. It's that nobody thinks like, oh, if we let him out, You know, he's some type of violent criminal who might do another violent thing or something like that. Like that's just not gonna happen. You could just end the nightmare that this sweet woman is going through and, and him of course too. Yes. Okay, so we both agree on this, but let me ask you, okay, what about Snowden? Do you think he has the balls? Pardon? Snowden? Well, Okay, so the thing about Snowden, right, is that, and now the Julian Assange case has kind of been taken off the table, even though, I guess technically he could still pardon him, but that takes real political capital.


Now I think he should pardon Snowden. How so? But well, I'm just saying that like Snowden pissed off a lot of very powerful people. The n s a are furious about him. The CIA, they don't like him. Right. And they do not want to set the precedent that you can release the fact that we're doing a bunch of illegal shit that we are lying to the American people about. And then you can go tell them that we are in fact doing the thing that we lied and said we weren't doing. They don't like that there's gonna be powerful forces that'll oppose you, Ross Ulbrich doesn't, it's not like that. No, no, No. I completely understand. But now if You, if he were to pardon Snowden, that would be a real signal that he is willing to take on the deep state. He's willing to take on the real powerful entrenched interests. Now, again, I'm not claiming to, it's obviously the right thing to do morally speaking, but I'm, you gotta have a really smart strategy if you're actually gonna do this.


You know, I remember one time during the Ron Paul presidential campaign, I think it was in 2012, and someone asked him, You know, like a question about like, when you're in there and you're president, are you gonna tell the CIA like, Hey, you, you guys are done and you're this and you're this. And he went, well, I might say it a little bit nicer than that. You know, I was like, Like It was like, listen, I, like I am trying to abolish the CIA, but let's be cool here and Well, let's just fa face, let's look at this for what it is. So if Edward Doden, if he really did expose things that were illegal that were not supposed to be done, and the fear of bringing him back is that the people that did the illegal things want to continue doing illegal things and don't want to have any repercussions for doing illegal things, that seems like a crazy thing to support even for them to defend it.


Yeah. Sounds insane. They should want internal accountability. They should wanna make sure that no one colors outside the lines, no one does anything without congressional approval. All the stuff you're supposed to do when you're doing certain things. But the problem is now with the, the FDAA and FI S A and all these different laws that have been passed that allow surveillance to be done warrantless, like, it's kind of a moot point almost at this point. Like the things that you, what, like back then he exposed that they could listen to every calls. They, they, they have data centers. Well, we all know that now. Like it, he's, it's, everything's still functioning, but we all know that now the guy that exposed all that, leave him alone.


Right. You guys were, you're doing illegal shit and now it's kind of legal and we still should be outraged, but now you can kind of just do it. Yeah. Well, and, and also, and one of the things it wasn so disappointing about Trump, not pardoning Julian Assange and Snowden in his first term. And, and again, a lot of that is because it's like when he told you and why didn't he release the, the JFK files? Well, because he was listening to Liz Cheney's pick for Defense Secretary. Yeah. But also, like Pompeo was saying, he was, people convinced him not to do it. But it's like at a certain point you're like, okay, first of all, the spying that Snowden exposed was weaponized against you. Right. You're like, they fight on you.


So you kind of, I would think you have some like stake in being like, yeah, that should be exposed and, and should be abolished. But Don't you think he didn't pardon him because he wanted a second term and he wanted to like, I Think it wasn Pardon? Yes. Make things run as smoothly as possibly and try to make the Thing is He also compromising, they're making deals here. Yes. But he also had a lame duck period. I mean, he had a period where he knew he wasn't gonna have a second term and still had the power, but he was worried about the impeachment And he wanted to run again. Yes. He always wanted to run again. He was gonna run again. He was like, I think so. Yes. Fuck you, I'm running again. Yes. So there's, there's a fair point to that. Maybe now Donald Trump gets in, and I do think this is what the corporate media and all of them are really terrified about, is that now he gets in and he doesn't need to win another election.


I mean, he'd like to win a midterm election and keep the, I mean, he's got the Senate now. We'll see, the house hasn't been determined yet, but he'd like to keep, You know, congressional control within the Republican party. But he doesn't need to worry about a, a reelection now if he really wanted to do the be the drain the swamp guy, yes. He's got an opportunity now where I just, a lot of things have, have aligned where it's like, I think he could really get it done. And I think he could get away with that. I think that he's kind of, he's taken all their bullets, both literally and metaphorically, You know, he's, he's been impeached, he's been convicted of felonies, he's been shot at.


He's like, all the things have already happened. He is been demonized in a way that no public figure has been demonized in any of our lifetimes. Yeah. And it's, And he survived all of it. And it only made him more popular. Yes. He's stronger. He's stronger than he is ever been. What do you think about that thing I sent you today that compares the number of people that voted in 2020 versus the number of people that voted in 2024 and in 2016? Sure. Does look strange. And in 2012, could have you seen it, Jamie? Yeah. I I, it's crazy. I would Say I could send it to you if you wanna see the exact chart. Counter votes. That is a fair point. There are still votes out there. I'd like to take a look at that again after 100% of everybody has been reported, but it does certainly seem weird.


Let's not get technical and let's just enjoy it. I'm gonna, I'm gonna send you this, Jay, because it's so bizarre that I can't, I can't really believe it's real. When did I send it to you earlier today? Hang on a second. I'll find it. It's so crazy. You look at it and you go, there's, is this real? Oh, here it is. Because it doesn't seem to make any sense. 'cause this is like one of the most consequential elections ever. I think everybody's pretty aware of that. And everybody is very dug in on their side. The left, he's Hitler the right, he's saving us. And so more people voted at least, at least the indication would be as much people voted in 2020 if not more.


Probably more people voted. But let's look at the numbers. Like look at the difference in how many people voted for Biden in 2020. It's unprecedented. It's way higher than any other time since 2012. And I'm, I'm sure probably before that there was less people back then. Right? So if you go back to when I was a kid, there was only like 200 million people in this country. Yeah. And, and to be clear, 2012 and 2016 were not low turnout years. No, no. They're all consistent. Yeah. This is what's crazy. They're consistent. Look, they're all 60. Look at, look at where the number is. It's all like 65 million. Is that what it says? So that's all the same every fucking time except 2020.


In 2020 it goes way the fuck up. Look at it. It's like 80, what is it? 82? Is that what it was? It was like 81 and change something. 81. Yeah. So it goes up a fucking sizable chunk. And only once. And it does seem like even with getting all the other votes in, you're not gonna get to that. But it's also like, look how many votes Trump got. He got even more in 2020 than he did in 2024. Like, what the hell is that about? Is that 'cause they haven't counted all the votes yet when they made this? Or is that the reality of the numbers? Because that doesn't make sense either. Yeah.


And well, and, and You know, I I I just say, You know how in like the corporate media world, it's like this is the biggest crime ever to even ask this question. But you kind of can't blame us for asking it when everything you say is a lie. The ballots that came in the middle of the night are weird. And the fact that you had mail-in ballots, that's weird. 'cause the thing about mail-in ballots is different than anything else. It's not a chain of custody. Right. There's a guy who drops it off and then the postman gets it and who knows what the fuck that guy does it. They used to be going, postal postman used to be scary 'cause they shoot. I Remember. Yeah. I don't know how they fixed that, But there was Yeah, That did stop. Yeah. There was a time. Good point. They were like fucking separating things by zip codes and like, enough and they were just killing everybody in their office.


Do You remember the old Seinfeld bit on the show? No. Where he, he asked Newman's a Postman. And he is like, why do you guys always like go crazy and just kill people? He is like, because the mail never stops. It's so funny. It's just, it keeps coming. Yeah. It wasn always my suspicion. It's just like a mundane job. It's like, and you're working with these people you don't like, and then one day you're like, I'm gonna fucking kill everybody. Yeah. Yeah. But there was a bunch of those guys who, it became a term, there was a video game called postal and the video game you just ran around shooting people. Yeah. It was a crazy game. Yeah. It wasn a better time. It was, but this was like the nineties that all this was going on and something happened and they stopped fixing. So my point is, who knows what that post guy's doing.


Like you could just throw some stuff in the garbage if You know you're in a Republican county, throw some stuff in the garbage. If somebody, if you're, if you're a cab driver from some other country and you're over in America and someone says, I'm gonna give you a bag of ballots, I'm gonna put 'em in your trunk and you're gonna go take 'em to this place, you're like, okay. You know, like you're gonna gimme $500. Okay, I'll drop off these ballots. Like when you, when you are doing like low level scams in like small counties where you have corrupt people that are working the voting machines, how many Republicans are paying attention? How many Democrats are paying attention to the corrupt Republicans? There's always been election fraud to pretend that we lie about the very fine people.


He said there were very fine people on both sides. Obama's lying about that in front of the whole world. They lie about everything. You don't think they would cheat. Well, that's right. Exactly. It's it, if every word that comes outta your mouth is a lie. Right. That you can't tell me that I'm not allowed to suspect. And also, You know, if it's like, if what Rachel Maddow says is real, right? Like if you are telling me your worldview is essentially that Adolf Hitler is running for president, it looks like it's a coin flip if he's gonna win win. That's what they were telling us. That it, it was 50 50. Turns out it wasn't. But Adolf Hitler's running, this is the end of democracy. It's on the ballot. We'll never have elections again if this guy wins. So if that's true, then why wouldn't somebody who's got a bunch of ballots for him cheat.


Exactly. I would do that if Adolf Hitler was about to win. Exactly. I cheat to make sure he win. If Adolf Hitler's about to win, you should do anything you can. Exactly. So you're gonna tell me on one hand, Adolf Hitler's about to take over America. And on the other hand, but no one would ever cheat. You never, no one would ever break The rules to stop Hitler. The conversation that people, the dumb American pop conversation is, would you murder a baby if that baby was Adolf Hitler? You know what I mean? Like Yeah. That's, that's the pop question, right? That people ask about Adolf Hitler. Yeah. And, and I think the implied correct answer is yes. You're supposed to say, I would murder baby Hitler. I'll Wait till he's 17. Yeah. I probably feel a little bit better about yourself. Yeah. By the time he's 17, I'd know he is a piece of shit.


And you could run a real good experiment on like nurture versus nature. Right. Raise, raise him loving, be nice. Give him some mushrooms. Yeah. There you go. Fix that little fucker. But anyway, so but you're saying someone wouldn't, it's also, it's, it's Like, it's not even just that they're liars who are in the business of propaganda. It's that it's incoherent propaganda. Your propaganda doesn't even make sense. Like if propaganda point A is true, then propaganda point B is impossible to be true. Right? It's, and and one of the things that I'm so happy that Trump won about, You know, his, she just needed to lose like this. There, there's a certain line of of that they crossed that you're like, we need to be in a country where that doesn't work.


Yeah. Like, that can't work. Well here's, it's just Too far. Well here's, here's one of the most important precedents. You can't have someone that's running that didn't go through a primary. Yep. You have to at least go through and respect the process of allowing us to pick who our representative is. No one would've picked her. She didn't, when she was trying to run for president, Tulsi Gabbard nuked her outta orbit and it wasn it for her. She dropped off a cliff and it wasn done. And that's how it should have been. Yeah. Until Biden picked her as his vice president. Get, get away from that. You should always have a primary, like if you really believe in the democratic process, and if you really believe in the Democratic party, you should want the best representative of your party as voted for by the population. 100%. That's, and then You can't, that you can't have someone bypass that because then you have a complete puppet.


100%. And then in addition to that, just think about how crazy this is. You're gonna bypass the democratic process and then you're running on democracy is on the ballot. Right. I mean, this is just too much Amazing. Amazing. It's too much. You wanna like punch yourself in the face. Yeah. Like, you can't do that to me. It's awesome. You can't, can't say that's, Well they've been so used to doing it before, they had full complete control of the narrative because they own the media and they, they own the media for so long. They they had the the run of the roost for so long. Yeah. That they got cocky and they, they didn't pay attention to the game as it was evolving. They're like a UFC one fighter. Yeah. That, You know, takes time out of the gym, then steps into 2024 and tries to compete against guys of today.


Like, you miss the game. The game is way past where you were. Yep. And you guys are stewed doing goofy shit. Like taking people outta context and not knowing that people are gonna make YouTube clips showing what he actually said versus you. And it's gonna undermine your credibility even more. I am, I I used to, Obama was my favorite president. He's the best spokesman other than Clinton of all time now. I think he's a liar. Yeah. I look at that, that thing of him say, he said there's verified people on both sides. That's not what he said. He said, I'm not talking about the KKK and white supremacists. They should be condemned. It was so clear. So he made made it totally clear. And what he was saying was that there were very fine people on both sides of the arguments about tearing statues down.


Yes. Like he was saying, look there, it's reasonable that there are some people who are like, no, this is our history. We wanna keep it up. And then there's other people who are like, this represents slavery or something like that. Yes. Who wanna take it down? And then, and then first off, it was clear when he said it, that that's what he meant. And then they ask him a follow-up question. Are you saying the, the white supremacists are very fine piece because no. How many times do I need to say that? Yes. No, I am not saying that any of the white SRE and like, that's not enough. And then there was a sneaky thing that they used to do. They would ask him, will you disavow white supremacy? Will you disavow white supremacy? Like, what are you talk, first of all, that's like saying to, to someone like, will you anything, any crime that you would never do?


Right? Like, will you disavow murder? Like of course I'll disavow murder. Oh, well, well all of a sudden you're implicated at something. You have to disavow murder. Like you're connected somehow or another to murder. Now D Dave Smith, under any circumstances do you disavow murder you? Like I'm not murdering anybody. What the fuck are you saying? And after he had done it like maybe a hundred times, right. No exaggeration, they'd go, now you still haven't disavowed white supremacy. Yeah. And he'd be like, no, I have Over and over again. Yeah. Now, but To your point, which I think is a really good one, and I think, I love the analogy for people who are MMA fans. It really is like a, it's like someone coming into MMA in 2024 and being like a, I'm a jiujitsu specialist. I've never trained wrestling or striking. Exactly. And you're like, okay, that's not gonna work anymore.


Like I know that worked in 1993. Yeah. But like, that's not gonna work. It's, they have not adapted to the new world that we're living in now. And I, you saw there was a lot of evidence of, of this, like, these things that used to work now come with a heavy price. So one of the things that politicians used to do in general was that they would give a, they would give the same stump speech everywhere they go. Message discipline is what it's called. And they, you always stay on message. And this is the idea is that you're never gonna get your message out there unless you say the same thing over and over again to everyone. But now we have the internet and you have these compilations of Kamala Harris saying she's in a, from a middle class family like 75 times in a row, and you just look like a psychopath.


You're like, oh, what are you? So now there's like a cost to playing the game in the old way. Right. But they don't adjust. Right. And, and, and Trump, whether even intentionally or not, was always just kinda like, oh, well I just speak off the cuff. So I I don't do that. You know, like, I mean, he's got themes that he hits a lot. Like all of us kind of do. Yes. But he, he doesn't do that. And he did. And Donald Trump, one of the brilliant things, and man, I mean, I can't believe, I haven't just asked you this already about this, but one of the really brilliant things that Donald Trump did, which obviously look RFK did it, and Vivek Ramaswamy, I think both. Like, they recognize like, look, we're in a new landscape here and there are these shows on the internet that have much bigger audiences than these traditional shows.


Oh, and by the way, I get to go long and I can really do give an in-depth, You know, like point on, on every single topic. And dude, I mean, Trump coming on here and her refusing to this is, I mean, dude, you kind of put Donald Trump in the White House down. This is amazing. Settle down. People are listening. Everyone's Thinking it. Well for sure. Him getting to be himself and just have a conversation with someone who's not being hostile. Yeah. You know, and I did ask him questions that I wanted answers to. Like this proof that he lost in 2020. He did not provide me with that. And I've said, and we talked about it in depth yesterday, that if I was accused of election denying which election denial, it's like there's Holocaust deniers number one, and then there's maybe climate a vaccine Deni and, and election Deni.


Election deniers probably a little higher than vaccine denni. You could be a kook and a vaccine denier, but still believe that Donald Trump lost the election. But election denier, you're cast out of the kingdom. There's a couple other ones that go underneath that, but those are the big ones. Those are the big ones. And you get put into a box, like instantaneously, if I was put in that box, I would have responses to every question. I would say, well, in Georgia there was blah, blah, blah, blah, blah ballots that were blah blah, blah. This was this been these, these people were dead. These people, they, they should have never been voting in the first place. They were not United States citizens. I would have all the information ready to fire. And he didn't. He was like, there's books, I tell you that I have the suspicion that he's his, he's way busier than me and I can barely pay attention to things.


Yeah. Sometimes I agree to do things and my wife tells me, we're gonna do something. What are we talking about? She goes, you said yes to it yesterday. I did. When you were making coffee, I wasn't paying attention. I don't know what the fuck you're talking about. Where are we going? You know, but that's just normal life stuff. Right. This guy is literally running for fucking president. He's got what? All these golf courses everywhere and businesses everywhere and Mar-a-Lago and fucking family. There's Yeah. Millions of things. So probably they told him the election was stolen. He told me, find the results, find it, let's get it overturned these fucking criminals. I don't know how much he really looked into it. I don't know. I know, I don't know how much he studied it. 'cause he, I He didn't really have an answer for you. I would want you to regurgitate it fact by fact.


And I think Vivek could do that if you ask, ask Vivek a question about that. If you asked j JD Vance a question about that, I bet if they were accused they would be able to rattle off all those numbers and statistics. I I think that Vivek probably wouldn't make the claim Exactly in the same way that Donald Trump is. Right. I'm Saying he was accused. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Sure. If he was accused. Well, yeah, no, Vivek isn't gonna say anything without having 100% I a detailed answer to it. That's not Trump, that's not nor Jd. Yes. Listen, Trump is different than Viva and jd. He's a different type of animal. I Mean, there was so much evidence. Well, the thing is, one of the things it wasn really interesting and it wasn one of the most interesting moments of your, your show with him was that you weren't asking it the way CNN would ask it.


You weren't badgering him and like, kind like you were after having a very honest, good faith conversation for a while. You were asking in good faith, like what's the ev And Yeah, he, look, I think the truth is that his lawyers made a lot of outlandish claims. None of which they could prove in court. Essentially what he has in terms of the argument, I think is kind of what we have. What we just looked at we're Like, It sure does look strange. Sure does seem weird to me that 80 million plus people voted for, for Joe Biden and the regime was so working against him in every other way. Right. Like, You know, Glenn Greenwald, who's, You know, I think just one of the absolute like most brilliant people out there.


I agree. His work is incredible. I love that guy. I love the way he put it. I thought it was perfect where he goes, he's like, like I don't really have any evidence that they stole the election from him, but they clearly rigged the thing against him. And then just kind of goes through like all the censorship, the Hunter Biden story. Yeah. The, the media. And so in that environment, it's very easy. You know, the, the analogy that I use, I think I may have said this before to you, but it's almost like if, if there's a guy who's like cheating on his wife all the time and then one day she's like, last Friday you didn't answer your phone when you were out. I know you were cheating on me. And she's wrong. He wasn't cheating that Friday. Right. Like, she's kind of Right. Even though she's wrong.


Right. You know what I mean? Like she she might get the detail wrong. Yeah. But her overall suspicion is in fact Correct. Yeah. I think there was a lot of that with Trump supporters where it's just like, listen man, you framed him for treason for three years of his presidency, then you, you shut down the economy and it wasn totally partially at least to ruin his economy for his reelection year. Then you were totally supporting the riots that were destroying, You know, like you were just causing chaos. Then you overhauled the way we do votes. And you killed his big October surprise story by censoring it off all the social media sites. You, and now you're telling me the most unimpressive senator in the history of America, Joe Biden got 80 plus million votes.


He got more votes than Obama in 2008. Really? Like this. Just smell. But that is not something not you can take to Court's enough. Right. That's not something you can say definitively as a fact and defame people and slander people. Right. And that's where Giuliani's fucked. Right. Giuliani got hit with a huge lawsuit. Lawsuit. How much was it? Like 150 million Million? I don't remember. It was a lot. But it, but yeah, but also Rudy Giuliani is a lawyer and he should know that. Like, you kind of can't say that unless you got something to really present and the way You should. It is by pro presenting the evidence. You shouldn't even make claims. You should probably just present the evidence. Well They were saying, I mean Sidney Powell, I think that's her name, right?


And, and Giuliani $148 million damages verdict adds to Rudy Giuliani's over his legal eyes about two Georgia election workers. So what did he say that these ladies did? So this is a defamation suit. It must be, what did he say that they did? Defamation case brought by two former Georgia election workers, marks a new low point for the man once allowed it as America's mayor whose advocacy of Donald Trump's false election claims led to criminal charges and hefty legal bills. What did they, what did he say that they, did he, what did he say? What did he say? Let's find out what his statements were.


See if you can find it. Remember when Ron Paul destroyed Rudy Giuliani on the debate stage so well Here it says Giuliani. Yes. This is different. I think accuses him of participating in a wide range conspiracy to thwart the will of George's voters who had selected Democrat Joe Biden over Republican incumbent. He faces 13 charges, including violation of George's anti racketeering law, the federal version of which was one of his favorite tools as a prosecutor in the 1980s. That's crazy. 'cause he, he's the one who took out like the mob. Yep. Jesus Christ. So, but let's find out what he said if we can. I'm interested, isn't It annoying that they make it so hard to find like the actual thing, You know, lies he spread about them that that upended their lives with racist threats?


Well, what were the lies? What did he say when it says upended their lives? Click on that link. See what it says. Georgia election worker suing Rudy Joanna tells jurors that his lies made her fear for her life. So what the fuck did he say? Hm. Repeated false claims about her and her mother saying that they were engaged in changing votes. I personally cannot repair my reputation at the moment because your client is still lying on me and ruining my reputation further, she told Giuliani's lawyer, she sobbed, she testified that her life was turned upside down by the accusations, though they were quickly debunked by state officials.


Her attorneys displayed a few of the graphic messages accusing her of treason and more that she received after Giuliani in December of 2020. Falsely accused workers at the State Farm arena in Atlanta of tampering with ballots. Yeah, you gotta have real evidence if you wanna say something like that. And again, Rudy Giuliani is a, a lawyer. Like he should know that, You know, California's only reported 54% right now. So that's somewhere in the range of 9 million plus votes. But that's the biggest missing. Oh, so far still. Yeah. How do they not count at all? Only 54% Of this point. Yeah, this is updated too. How are they? Why are they so slow? They suck at everything over there now. 85 for Nevada 73 or something for Washington and Oregon.


Oregon's at 62%. So they still have a lot to go up there. I don't know If that's all right. So we'll see what these numbers look like. But at end of the day, So it might still be more millions. Yeah. So it might get close to the 80 million mark. I'd be interested to say, 'cause that that then that's a misleading chart. I didn't know that There were so many that hadn't turned in their votes yet. That doesn't surprise me about California. Get your shit together. You fucking dorks. Yeah. They can't do anything. They're charging 14% in state taxes than another 1%. If you live in Los Angeles, the city of Los Angeles, you get hit with another 1% dude that's like agent and manager fees, You know? Yeah. You imagine like you make a good amount of money.


Like say let's say you make a hundred thousand dollars a year, you have to pay 140,000 to the government. For what? For what? It's, and then if you move to Tennessee, zero, move to Texas. Zero. And they wonder why people are flooding out of their state by the hundreds of thousands and You can't even count the votes in time. You fucking knuckleheads. Like what are you doing? Yeah. No, they can't do anything. That's Such a goofy state. Just overburdened with regulations. You can't even have flavored vapes anymore. Yeah, That's really little. Billy's hooked on the strawberry mist. You gotta take it outta the store to protect my little Billy.


It's the Strawberry that gets some, you can't have flavored zens. Well, and isn't it so like the whole like war on tobacco, which I guess vapes aren't tobacco, but the whole like, You know, like crackdown on smoking and everything that kind of happened in my lifetime is it's really, really wild when you take into account all the stuff that Bobby Kennedy talks about. Oh yeah. Where you're like, yeah, but we're like the most unhealthy country and you took away like Yeah, a lot more people used to smoke cigarettes and cigarettes aren't good for you. Sure. But we were a healthier country when people were smoking cigarettes. We Need regulation. My little Billy And it strawberry baby.


Do you ever use zens Occasionally? No. These are loosies. These are espresso flavor. This is contraband in California. Are these These are eights. Wait, are these the Tucker Carlson ones? No, no, no. This is another company. Lucy's. These are breakers. They have a little thing in there. You break it, it gives you flavor, it tastes like coffee. Go ahead, break it. Alright. Bite down. Chew on it. Oh yeah, baby. Illegal in California right here. We're in Texas. Yeah. This doesn't seem, this doesn't seem Like It should be illegal In freedom. Freedom In Texas. No. If you want flavor, you have to have that and a stick of gum. If you live in California, you could get your cinnamon gum and you could chew your cinnamon gum with your fucking no flavor Zi.


And you could have a nice little experience. Almost like you have a cinnamon zi, but you're not allowed to have a cinnamon zi because you're too much of a fucking baby. You can't control yourself. Well it's like, And even Gambling either you fucked dude. I mean, You know I'm on the road all the time. Yeah, right. As I and you go throughout this whole country and it's like, yeah, people don't smoke anymore. It wasn effective. I mean they not like the way they used to. You know, there's not people smoking cigarettes like that. No. But every single town I go to in this entire country has an Arby's and a Burger King and a KFC. And like they have every single town. Even when they have nothing else. Yep. They have every single type of fast food. Yep. And you wa you look around and like everybody's obese, everyone's unhealthy. I mean when you rattle off, You know when, when Bobby Kennedy gave that speech, when he threw his support behind Donald Trump and I was watching that with my wife and my mother-in-law and they both like have tears in their eyes as he is just reading down the stats of how unhealthy we are as a country.


Yeah. It's just, You know, man, one thing and I'm really, really glad that that Bobby ran for president this year. And I'm really glad he ended up throwing a support behind Trump. And hopefully he gets a really important position in there. But the one thing that I almost felt like you couldn't argue with him that even if you don't blame the same culprits that he blames, which is what they love to to say, it's like how is everyone not talking about this? How is this not an issue that every single presidential candidate has to address? It's Killing people. Yeah. And it killing kids. It's killing kids and it's making people way more vulnerable to a host of other diseases, including cancers.


It's terrible for you. Cardiovascular. Like the 77%, I think Bobby said 73% of all American boys are not eligible for the military. So they are unfit to serve because they're either obese or they have a host of these metabolic conditions that have come about from poor diet. Yeah. And from poison, from eating poison, essentially you're eating, you're slow dosing your body with poison and sugar all day long. And that's most people and we don't do anything about that. But then we try to regulate vapes. Yeah. Have you, You know, a vape? Do You know Nicole Shanahan?


Yes. I haven't met her in person, but I actually did a FaceTime with her and I think Willie D from the ghetto boys. Really? Really? That's an odd pairing together. S Awesome. I think she's great. I had her on my podcast a couple times and it's just 77% of of younger Americans between the age, age of 17 and 24 are not considered fit for military service. Unbelievable. Dude Only eleven's Physical health code 11 health. Well mental health, he, that's to say substance abuse, education, social and behavioral factors, criminal records. US military is facing a recruitment crisis due to these challenges as well as a lack of interest among young people.


So it's only 11% is like physically so unhealthy that they can't do it. That's obesity actually. So there's probably a bunch of other conditions other than obesity. Right. Mental health issues. I wonder. It says significant factors. I wonder what number that is. I bet drug and alcohol abuse is a big one. Yeah, That's a big one. It says 8% for drug and alcohol abuse. So I wonder how much the mental health is. I bet that's a big one. It doesn't say, does it? Let's find out. 'cause that seems like there's a lot of people out there with mental health conditions. Medical, physical health number, drug and alcohol abuse, 8% medical, physical health.


7%. What does it say about mental though? Mental health and overweight conditions. Hmm. Go 4%. Oh there 4% mental health, 7% medical, physical only 8% drug abuse, 11% overweight. Wow. Did she Nicole 40, look at This. 44% though. More than one reason or condition 44. Almost half more than one of these problems that, that makes you ineligible. That's crazy. I was, damn, I can't remember what town I was in, but, so Nicole Shanahan, who I, I think she's great and it was really, really interesting.


I had her on my podcast twice. Just really, really smart lady who's really knows a lot about this stuff. So she sent me this like video that she posted. And so I'm in a hotel room and I was there with my, my buddy Rob Bernstein, who's a co-host of my podcast. Part of the Problem. Very, very funny comedian, very smart guy. And so we're, I've literally, I, I was texting with him and we were like on our way to go to the show. So I was like, hey, meet in the lobby in 10 minutes. And then I got an Uber taking us to the comedy club. I can't remember where we were. And Nicole Shannon sends me this video. It was like a video that she put out on Twitter. I didn't know what it was gonna be, You know, she just sent me it and I just click on it and play it.


And it was just about like what her family went through with their kids, You know, like, like illnesses and stuff. And it's like this. And it is the most touching video ever. And I'm literally sit down. It's so powerful that I sit down and I'm just watching this whole thing. And I started crying, watching it is I, I got kids with health issues, really cuts close to the bone for me. But as I'm sitting there just like, like literally sobbing watching this video, it was so emotional And it literally, it just dawns on me in the middle of it that I'm supposed to meet my comedian friend in one minute in the lobby to go to this show. And I was just sitting here like, what am I doing? I'm sitting in my hotel room crying about these kids. But anyway, the point of of it is, is that like, hey look, I don't know enough about this stuff.


You know, I know about stuff that I know about. I don't, I don't know enough about this. I really should educate myself more on it. But if your argument is that like that Bobby and and Nicole are blaming the wrong culprits, You know, it's not the vaccines and it's not the, the wifi and it's not the, the like, okay. I don't know. But like, what is it then? And why are you not interested in this? Right. Why are they the only ones who are talking about this? You're telling me we lead the world in chronic illness and that's not something that comes up in any presidential election ever. Right. Other than when Bobby Kennedy runs for president. That's insane. You Don't think the increase in the number of autism cases is an area we should discover?


We should look into, we should investigate. You think that that's all been figured out? Yeah. Well, yeah. Why are you so convinced And explain? I'm sorry, I'm, I'm, I'm letting You know that I'm, I'm somewhat ignorant on this subject. So just like explain it to me like I'm really, really stupid. Talk slowly they can't do it. Okay. I can understand where if you're talking about very mild autism Okay. Like what we used to call Asperger's, which I guess they don't call that anymore. Right? But if you're talking about mild autism and you want to convince me that that went undiagnosed in the past, I can totally believe that there is no way that moderate or severe autism went un it may have not been correctly diagnosed. But you did not not notice that.


Like, I'm sorry, It's, But there's enough of a rise in numbers that it should be a concern. There's For everyone's No way. I'm saying there's no possible way that there isn't an increase going on here. Right. Because obviously even, even in the 1940s or in the 1950s, if someone was nonverbal, they would have noticed that. Yeah. They would've noticed that this, You know what I mean? Like this is, If there was a lot of kids like that in your school, you'd notice there's No way you would've called it something. Yes. Maybe you wouldn't have like understood it the way we understand it today and, and thank God people do understand it better and there's a lot more, there's a lot more tools that are provided and there's a lot more awareness about it and, and, and special schools and things like that. But come on, like there's, You know, so much of this is, it's one of the, one of the things that exposes the how how full of shit our whole system is, is when you just see that there's no even desire to get to the bottom of this.


It's like the Trump assassination attempts, but not but not Only that, no desire, not, there's no desire to get to the bottom of it. And it's about children. Yeah. Which are the most vulnerable people that we all should be protecting. But there's so entrenched in this ideology that you have to trust science. And if you're a vaccine denier, you're a bad person. Like no one's a vaccine denier. What we're saying is there may be a correlation and there may be something that if investigated it shows has been covered up and there may be a situation where the vaccine companies have complete immunity to prosecution. Yeah. They can never be held liable. Which was the only way that they could still manufacture these things because they said that they cannot be safe and effective.


Yes it is. They cannot be safe for everybody. There's gonna be side effects. That's exactly Right, dude. And, and they can't be liable for those side effects. 'cause then they would go under this is like, this is what set this whole chain in motion where when I was a kid you got three vaccines. Now you have 72. Right. It's wild. And it's, And it reminds me kind of, of a, you remember like when they were trying to push the covid passports Yes. The vaccine passports and the logic would just fall apart. Yeah. On its face. Like you're like, wait a minute. You're like, you, you're telling me the vaccine is 100% effective. You're saying if you take the vaccine, you can't get covid or spread covid. And then you're also telling me that the people who are vaccinated in this restaurant need to be protected from the unvaccinated entering this restaurant. That doesn't make sense. No, I'm sorry I'm not a genius.


But I can figure out the logic in that does not is flawed. Okay. Also, and in the same, in the same sense though. It's like, so what is the, if you're arguing that all these vaccines are safe and Bobby Kennedy's a kook, then why do they need the liability protection? Yes, Absolutely. There was also another thing that they did, it didn't make any sense 'cause it went against the science And it was saying that if you don't get vaccinated, it's going to cause variants. And that's not what they say. Yeah. What, what people who study viruses and vaccines says you do not vaccinate during a pandemic with a non sterilizing vaccine. So meaning if a vaccine, if you give it to someone and they could still transmit and they could still catch the disease you're going to cause Right.


These variants. And there is a scientific paper that I posted like the early into the pandemic that said this and people got so upset at me. I'm like, tell me what this says, what this said. Well there's virologists that would go on these podcasts that, You know, they'd have to be the people that're willing to step outside the line and say these things. They're saying this is not what you ever do during a pandemic 'cause you're going to create variants. And that's exactly what happened. And people start, doctors started blaming the variants on the unvaccinated. But if you question those doctors, explain to me how that works. There's no fucking answer. It's just a narrative that they were have to say vaccine good. Anything else bad ivermectin your crazy killing people death blood on your hands.


It was all a psyop And it was super effective. And it was a way for them to make ungodly amounts of money. And that's what it was. And the quicker we accept that and realize that we're vulnerable to that kind of shit, if we still keep following along the same kind of lines that we're on today, if we, as soon as we realize that the better off we all are. All of us. Yeah. And I think, I think I got here in a kind of similar way to you, which is I think a story for like millions of Americans is that I never even thought about this issue. I never d dove into reading a lot about any vaccine until there was this covid vaccine. And then I really dove into it and read a lot about it and found out that you guys were lying through your fucking teeth about the whole goddamn thing.


And that the whole clinical trials were totally rigged and totally fake. And that you were able to get everybody in the, like the, the scientific institutions of our government to all repeat these lies. And then everybody in the corporate media and the political class to repeat these lies. And then when Bobby Kennedy came along and said, well You know how it wasn all bullshit. There's a lot of bullshit with these other vaccines. I was like, I'm listening. That doesn't seem unreasonable to me. It doesn't seem unreasonable at all. And the fact that they were trying to silence legitimate scientists, doctors, professors at major universities for stepping outside the lines. They were trying to remove them from Twitter. They were trying to silence them. They worked in conjunction with the original Twitter to do that.


They silenced real experts. You know? And when that lady from Twitter had to testify in front of Congress, it wasn amazing. It wasn amazing. And watch those people grill her. Like, are you a doctor? Like why are you silencing doctors? Like, are You doing It wasn the same, it wasn the same the one you had on, right? Yes. With Temple. Yes. And and one of the interesting things about it, wasn, which is it wasn a great, still probably one of my all time favorite JRE episodes. But it was when, You know, when she was, they were arguing that like, they don't have a bias. And then I think Tim was like, yeah, but you ban people for like dead naming. Right? Or misgendering, right? And she was like, well yeah, I mean that's, that's hateful.


And you're like, yeah, but that's a bias, right? Like that right there is a bias, right? That's a bias. And it's one thing when you're just talking about like whether we're calling somebody a boy or a girl. But then you realize like, oh, you have the exact same thing when it actually comes to like very important medical information about a product that Americans are being forced to take. Right? This is madness. No matter what you say, they're being forced. They're being forced. If they wanna fly, they're getting forced. If they wanna work in a place that has more than a hundred people, if the workplace mandates it, the forced, if they wanted to go to a university, forced, forced, Forced. And, and they were, they were implementing in a totally unconstitutional way. They were going to, through osha, through workplace safety.


Like just the, the most blatantly unconstitutional proposal that Joe Biden was going to make it the law of the land that every single business with a hundred people or more Yeah. Had to have everybody vaccinated. And it was only because of Donald Trump's Supreme Court that that got struck down. And that's something that people who are paying attention remember. And so like, okay, you can demonize Donald Trump all you want to, but how many millions of Americans were not fired from their job did not lose their livelihood because they refused or were not vaccine injured for a vaccine that they never needed to take. I mean, how many people fell into the category that, like me and you and so many other people fell into where we got the thing and beat it real quickly before we ever got vaccinated, then just didn't need it.


Right? And then we just didn't make any sense. Even even with the information we had about the vaccine back then, which we have a lot more now. Right? But even back then, I mean you were, you looked CNN's doctor right in the eyes. And he goes, well, are you gonna get the vaccine? And you go, no, I just beat Covid. Why would I need to? And he had no answer for you. No. He had no reason why. There's no compelling reason why he, they They wanted me to join the team. That's It. That's, that's all it is. Yep. They all, I mean, I had a very intelligent friend that I had a conversation with. Are you gonna get vaccinated now? I go, why would I do that? It was a weird conversation. I go, I beat it in three days. Like It wasn't even that sick man. Like I made a video three days later explaining, and I got in trouble 'cause I took the wrong medication to get better. Are you guys outta your fucking mind?


Like if you, if you were really worried about people's health and safety, wouldn't you say, Hey, what's this 57-year-old guy doing getting over this so easy? Right. What's he doing different? Oh, what's he doing different? And You go, oh, he's very serious about his health. Oh, he takes really good care of himself. By the way, I had you enjoy me giving the business to Chris Cuomo over it. Wasn one of my Favorite homeboy fell favorite Moments of this year. It wasn A good one. He apart, he was trying to do CNN outside of CNN You know, like when he said, I've never said that. And then they pull up the clip like immediately of him demonizing, Shout out to Patrick bit David's crew. 'cause they really had my back on that one. Yes. You know, it's not like I didn't send them that clip before or anything.


That wasn't easy in real time. In real time. Had that ready to go. They Had a Jamie Jamie too. Yeah. Yeah. They had, everybody's got a Jamie now. Not Jamie, not j There's only one Jamie. There's Only one. There's only one Jamie. But there's a lot of Of knockoffs. Yeah, A Lot of knockoffs. But the fact that you checked him in real time and he just had to sit there and eat it. Yeah. It's just they were puppets. They were puppets for the system. They were doing it 'cause it wasn their job. That's how you get ahead in your career. You wanna be the main guy at CNN. That's what you do. Right. And that's what they were doing. And now he's not doing it anymore. Good luck to him. I hope he does stay on an independent path and, and becomes an objective person. And he's, he's made some strides towards that, I think. I think he's taken some fucking lumps.


And I think you beat the fuck out of him in that debate. That debate was Mike Tyson's early fights. So fucking you least see the fucking white dude with the muffin top. It's flatlined in 15 seconds. That's what it wasn. I I mean look man, and it's not really like a comment on me. It's not that I'm so amazing at debates. It's just like the argument here is so weak, weak. You're Pretty good at debates. You thank you. Pretty good At it. I appreciate that. You're pretty fucking good at it. But I, I'm not bad at it. But, But also, but I, I'm just right about this. The facts were on your side. Yeah. I mean that's the, that's my, my superpower isn't that I'm like the smartest guy or the best at debates. It's just that like I'm, I'm right in what I'm arguing and that makes it much easier. You know, I got, there was a, an organization, it wasn pitching me on a debate, a two on two debate, which I don't really like doing two on two debates.


I've done like, I think one too many people talking, it's too much. Yeah, yeah, yeah. One-on-one is the way to do it. But they, they pitched me this like months after that, I think it was, if I'm not wrong, I think the topic was about whether Joe Biden should drop out of the race or not. And they pitched me that it would be a two on two debate against two people. I don't remember who, who were saying he should stay in. And it was gonna be me and Chris Cuomo against them. And I told them, I was like, no, no, I will not be on his side. And like, I don't, You know, I I'm kind of o for, You know, I I, yeah, we had our thing. I gave him a beating. I think he deserved it. But I'm just like, listen man, I'll team up with like a left winger on something I agree with. I'll team up with a right winger on something I agree with. I'll, I'll team up with like a moderate on something I agree with.


But no, not the corporate media guy who was the number one show at cnn. Like, I'm not on their side. Even if I'm on their side on this issue, I'm against them. And I, I know that this has probably been a theme of like every single time I'm on this show over the last 10 years or whatever it's been. But I just, and maybe it's a problem. I hate them so much and I really think they deserve it. And it's not just that they lie about everything. It's like they lie about everything and then they have the nerve to, to morally judge us. Like if you just watch, even just the last few weeks of the, the Trump election is they're not in the business of reporting the news. They're totally just in the business of making you feel like you are a bad person if you don't fall in line with the regime.


Right. And You know, Like, it's like all of us know, right? Everybody knows this. America has this giant war machine, right? Like we're just always at war. We're the most war hungry country in the world. Even if we're taking a little bit of a break from a war, we'll fight two more proxy wars while we do that. America looks back at the nineties, bill Clinton, as the time of peace and prosperity. We call it peace because we only fought a war in like Serbia and had a blockade around Iraq and we're like bombing the crap out of Iraq with a few other military interventions in there too. You know, the un estimated when that Bill Clinton's sanction and bombing regime of Iraq, okay, everyone just thinks of George HW Bush's war and W's war, but Bill Clinton was bombing Iraq his whole, and he had a full blockade around the country.


The UN estimated that 500,000 children died of starvation or malnutrition due to the blockade. Now I've, I've heard people argue by the way that that number is exaggerated. Maybe it wasn't 500,000, maybe it was only a hundred thousand let's hundred thousand. So yeah. So that's the time that we consider peace when we were just starving a hundred thousand children to death in Iraq. And you, everybody in the corporate media are in the business. Every single one of those wars, you've sold them everyone my entire life. The media has sold those wars. And you're gonna morally look down on me. You're gonna judge me, motherfucker, you're in the business of baby murder. Get the fuck outta here.


You're looking down judging an American. 'cause I, maybe I'm gonna vote for Donald Trump or maybe I dare to question the results of the last election. Fuck you dude. And fuck and man. And it was a challenge debating him 'cause they were playing the clips, You know, even before they played that clip that sunned him. 'cause he had said he didn't say that. And then he clearly did. But they were just playing the clips of the way they were talking to people during Covid. Yeah. And the pandemic of the unvaccinated. And it's you, Mr. Vaccine skeptic. You're the reason why this pan. And man, it was getting me angry. Like I was just like, all right, I gotta it, I gotta control this here. 'cause there's just two. Like, but How sweet is it that he's on ivermectin now? I mean it's Like how sweet is that though?


That is the nuttiest part of it all. Could you just Just set someone up for better? Only that he wants to say long covid. Like, Hey buddy, let me tell you something. If you got a novel medication injected into your body more than once, you probably had to do it twice. You probably at least had to get one booster and you have some problem. And you're saying this long-term problem is covid long covid. Are you sure? Are you sure? Or maybe that medicine they injected into your body, you got vaccine injured. You don't wanna say that though Because you still want some sort of a job in corporate media. So you have to toe the line.


You should be very concerned that this novel b before never mass injected into people who knows how many different people are gonna have different results from some medication. Some terrible fucking weird way their biology interacts with this medication. It's gonna cause a horrible side effect. And now you're on ivermectin to treat that, that's rich. And, and the, the way he tried to spin it that it's for long covid, he wasn't. But but, but he tried to say, 'cause I mean he was so, he really should have just thrown in the white towel. He, he would've done much better for himself saying it wasn wrong if you go, listen, I was at CNN and I kind of just took for granted that they have the best experts.


Yes. And So I trusted their experts. And now I realize they were, if he had said that, that would've been very hard. I I still would've been harsh on him. But it would've been a different conversation. Yes. And a different dynamic. What he did was he refused to admit that. And then, and this is really what got me is that then he started kind of like attacking my motives. Like he was like, oh yeah, no. He goes, I know that, You know, this is probably good for your podcast numbers and stuff, but blah, like as if I'm, I don't really believe what I'm saying. Well, because that's how I'm just doing this to make Money's how they function. Right. That's why they're accusing you of functioning that way. They're accusing you of doing things just 'cause You know, they're gonna be outrageous and get a lot of views. Yeah. Which is, but You know, like, You know me, I'm, I don't do that. I don't do that. Don't Yeah, I don't do that. I Know you don't on podcast In the world and I don't do anything based on how many views I think it's gonna get.


That's a fact. Yeah. Yeah. And you nev you don't, like there is nothing I say that I don't believe. I might be wrong about some stuff, but I, everything I say I believe I'm not like ever saying anything. 'cause just like Exactly. Of course. Oh, this will, You know, like bring in bigger numbers or something like that. Of course They think that way. That's why he's accusing you of that. Yeah. That's because like that's right. That's, that's a motivation for people that are in that industry. If you're in the fucking industry of being a mouthpiece for network news, like there's a very narrow winder of behavior that you have to operate under. You have to like, you have to stay inside these lines. Yep. And the whatever, if you're on Fox or if you're on C-B-C-C-N-B-C or whatever it, Isn, SN bbc, anyone, one of you have anar a narrative.


They have a narrative in the office. There's a culture 100% way people think about that. And this is your job. So you're gonna do the things that you think are gonna get you more ratings. You're gonna do the stories that are gonna get people more outraged. That's how you're thinking. Yeah. It's the wrong way to think when you're on the internet. And they also have, they, there's a real incentive to never consider, like what I said about them being in the baby murder business. 'cause that's, You know, that's pretty rough, right? To think of yourself as that. And You know, I remember this one time I watched a, a documentary on abortion And it was like a very pro-choice. How much free Time do you Have? This was, this was before I had kids, this was before I had kids.


I had so much free time before I had kids. If I'm gonna unwind in front of the tv, that's the last thing I'm gonna watch. Listen, I'm a weird guy too, but that's what I was, that's what I do. I might though, but, well, it Was it in the right movie? I forget where, where it was. Might have been on Netflix or something. I really know what was going on. Well, I was, I was kind of interested in the, the subject and, You know, was before I had kids. But I, I remember I was watching it had a very pro-choice bent, and there was this abortionist, this abortion doctor, this lady, and she was like, she was like, listen, I've been an an abortion doctor for 30 years. And let me just tell you something. There is no moral issue with having an abortion. It's a thing in a Petri dish. It's not a human being. It's, but, and I remember just watching him being like, well, yeah, but like, you better feel that way, right?


Because if you even start to entertain the possibility that the, what does that make you? Right? So there's this very powerful social incentive for them to like, dig their heels in and not admit that like, oh, the United States of America the greatest country in the history of the world with more freedom and prosperity and the cultivated the greatest economy and the greatest, You know, music and literature and just everything that is this superpower. Oh, we presided over the bankruptcy destruction and like the devolving into nothing more than a like, military industrial complex, big bank, big pharmaceutical, most corrupt nation on earth.


And we didn't cover that. We watched all of that happen and not only did we not cover it, we demonized anybody who covered it. And we, we were at every, You know, like that's very difficult to ever confront. Yeah. And it's always just so much easier for human beings to just go, Nope. The problem is misinformation. Yeah. And Russia and racism, They were saying that the number one thing for women was abortion. It wasn an that, it wasn the, the narrative. It wasn being expressed over and over again. It was the number one issue for them. The number one concern. What was the only political winner they had? Did you See what Kurt Metsker t Tweeted? No.


No, but I want to, Hold on, gimme a second. He's the man. Kurt is the fucking best when things are flying and everything gets crazy. I'm gonna send this to you, Jamie. Oh my God, he's so Funny. He is one of the funniest human beings on the planet. He's for sure. He's so, He, he's a, a mess in the green room. He's just like, oh, I know. He's just like, he got me down rabbit hole after rabbit. You didn't hear about this. And he's like, more conspiracy. I'm like, Kurt, I'm trying to like, enjoy this experience of being at the comedy club. And Donald Trump's about, well, you're hitting me with conspiracy after conspiracy after conspiracy. I'm like, yeah, you Got, listen, ah, you get caught on the side of the bar at Mitzi's with Kurt Metzker. You might be in for a, yeah. You might be in for a night. And He is looming and he's big s a big giant guy.


Christina Applegate. Right. Why give me your reasons why my child is sobbing, because her rights as a woman may be taken away. Why? And if you disagree, please unfollow me. Kurt's says good news. If she got all her covid shots, she's probably sterile now. Anyway. Also, what the fuck is a woman? Oh Geez. Also, could you imagine a child, imagine a child and your child is sobbing because their right to kill a baby inside of them might be taken away. I don't believe that's true. It's very hard. I don't believe that's true unless you've distorted what we're talking about to that child and said that someone's gonna tell that child what they can and can't do with their body.


Like in, in some sort of a weird dystopian way. Like what did you say to that kid? Do you explain what an abortion is? Do you explain how they came about? They were in your body and then they came out. Now they're a little tiny person that's like super vulnerable. Yeah. And you want to protect their right to kill a little tiny person inside of them. I'm not saying you shouldn't be able to do it, and I'm, I'm not, I'm not a woman. I should not have the choice of what a woman can, can't do with her body. I would not want a man if I was a woman to tell me what the fuck I can do with my body. And I think if somehow, and I think it's all connected to religion, and if somehow or another someone decided, and this would be a very minor comparison and not nearly as consequential, but if someone decided that men could no longer get hysterectomies, or excuse me, vasectomies.


If men could no longer get vasectomies because of religious reasons, because of some Sharia law or whatever the fuck it is. You, you, you cannot do that. Men would be outraged if women were forcing it on men. We have low population. You cannot get vasectomies. Like what? We'd be like, what the fuck is going on? And you've, I wanna go to Oklahoma to get a vasectomy 'cause it's legal there. And then they, they track you. Were you in Oklahoma to get a vasectomy? Like what, what the fuck? Men would be outraged. That's happening with abortion. There's talk of doing that with abortion where in states where it's illegal, women are not gonna be allowed to travel in the United States of America where you're supposed to have freedom to go to a place where you're gonna have a legal medical procedure.


It's legal in that place. Whether you agree with it or not. If you're gonna believe in state's rights and you don't think that this is a giant prison where you have to show your ID when you go into Arizona, you should be able to drive around. Right. That's the whole idea of one country. You can go wherever the fuck you want to go. It's not your business. There's other things to worry about. Worry about these fucking gangs that are taking over. Apartment buildings. Worry about the border, worry about South central Los Angeles. Worry about the south side of Chicago and fucking gang violence that kills more people than half the wars we have going on right now. Worry about important shit. Don't worry about what a, a guy wants to do to get a vasectomy or what. Yeah. Way worse a woman wants to do if she's trying to get an abortion. Well, it's not your fucking business.


I think that if the argument is that abortion is killing a baby, which like there is an argument to then I can understand the argument being, hey, that shouldn't be allowed. Now, obviously, I do think there are situations where it's pretty indefensible to force a woman to carry a baby to term. Yes. You know, but You could risk her life. There's a lot of rape, incest, also health, Major health issues. Yes. I mean, there are these situations where you find out that there is some, You know, congenital disease where this, this kid is not gonna make it to three years old. And I would never dream of like forcing, You know what I mean? That decision on parents rather than allowing them to make it there is also a different, the vast majority of abortions are not that, You know, and the vast majority of abortions are essentially people just don't wanna have kids right now.


And that's a little bit, that's much tougher to defend than those cases. But I will say that one of the things that always, like I find striking to me is that because I'm like a radical libertarian, and it's very interesting to me that like progressive democrats all of a sudden become radical libertarians, but only on one issue. And they make literally Exactly. I'm, I'm not even saying the libertarian position is to be pro-choice. There's libertarians who are pro-life and libertarians who are pro-choice, but the argument they make is a libertarian one. They're like, listen, I own my body. It's my body, it's my choice. The government shouldn't be involved in healthcare decisions. We believe in freedom. This is a basic fundamental Right.


It's a very libertarian argument. Yes. And it's just interesting that you only apply that to this one area. There's not any other area where the, the, any progressive Democrat would ever go, You know, if we're talking about Obamacare or we're talking about regulation or we're talking about taxes, they would never go, Hey, listen, this is my money, this is my body, this is my choice. The government shouldn't be involved in that. You know what I'm saying? Yes. And like there is something that's very bizarre about that very good point where it's kinda like, maybe with immigration they kind of try to use that an argument to like, oh, you shouldn't stop a person Freedom of movement type thing. They don't really do that anymore. 'cause it's been such a disaster. Right. But it's just very strange to me that it's like, oh, what you all become radical libertarians.


Like only when it comes to this thing, which is kind of murdering a baby. But then there's the other side that says we're gonna leave it up to the states. Okay, well if you get rid of Roe v Wade and you leave it up to the states, if someone wants to go to another state where it is legal and you wanna stop them from doing that or prosecute them when they come back to your state, That seems to be a problem. That's a problem. Yeah. Because then it's like, you, you can't Prosecute me for gambling in Vegas. Right. Because I call That person's body. Yeah. What if that person decide to get an apartment in Oklahoma? Right. And now they kind of live there sometimes. What are you Gonna do? Or just, it also, it seems, is it Where their driver's license is? Like what, what, what does that, It also just seems, I don't even know what the, the word, it seems like incoherent or unsustainable to say that if you're not breaking a law in the area where you are, that you could then be held responsible Exactly for that when you come back to it.


Because again, like it's, You know, you go to a state where recreational marijuana is legal or where gambling's legal or whatever, You know, the idea that it's like if, if there's like the speed limit was 80 miles per hour and the town over, and then I come back and I get a speeding ticket. Right. For driving too fast over there where you're allowed to do that. So that seems unworkable. Exactly. That's A, to me that's a great analogy. Yeah, that's a great analogy. You, it's men too. It's men controlling women's bodies. That's, that's the thing of it that freaks people out. And it's a step in the wrong direction if you, if you got rid of Roe v Wade, and that's what you did. So now people have to go to a place where it's legal. If you're stuck in a state and you don't have the resources, but you are pregnant and you wanna make a decision for your own body that's not up to men to decide.


If you really believe in state's rights and you really believe the United States is one cohesive community, you should be able to travel to do whatever the fuck you want. You wanna get your dick tattooed, you want whatev whatever you want to get. You wanna get forehead implants so you look like a unicorn. Whatever the fuck you want to do. If you wanna travel to go do that, including if you wanna do something that's legal, that's a medical procedure that maybe I don't look that I frowned upon, but if they decided in that state that it's legal, you should be able to do it there. Yeah. I mean I, I think that the, the reasonable compromise for right now is Roe v. Wade was struck down. It's a state's rights issue. But yes, I agree with you. The tracking of what you do in another state where it is legal in that state, that first of all, it just seems unworkable to me.


Right. I don't see how that's possibly gonna happen. And then I do feel like that's gonna happen to go back to the Supreme Court anyway, because it's such a precedent that you could be prosecuted for doing something. It wasn legal in the area that you did it. It's creepy. It's creepy. And it's an infringement on rights. I I don't Like It. Even if I don't like the, even if I, You know, I wasn't a pro-choice person. If I didn't like the idea of abortion, I like less the idea of the government telling you what the fuck you can do and whether or not they can discover what you did in some other state. Like, shut up. Yeah. That's, it's, you can't do that. And that's what I think a lot of women are fearful of. And a lot of that, I don't know if, I don't know how much of a push there is to make something like that happen.


We tried to find that about Texas the other day. There was one case, but we just kept talking. What was that one case, Jamie? There was something in Texas where someone maybe traveled to get an abortion. 'cause in Texas it's six weeks, which is kind of crazy. Like, you don't have any time. You, you barely have enough time to realize you're pregnant. For a lot of women, You're, well, I mean, you're probably not even gonna test positive on a, like a home pregnancy test I think for like 28 days or something like that. So you got two weeks essentially. Yeah. Two weeks. Yeah. After that To find out, make a decision, do what you gotta do, and that you have to make sure you get in under the wire or you can get prosecuted like seven weeks you're in jail.


Yeah. Which is kind of crazy. Yeah. Look, it's very, I, I don't know. It's, it's tough when you're drawing a line. It's very tough. It's very tough to find a line other than conception that's not arbitrary. Right. Bill Burr had the best bit, his bit about was fantastic. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I Believe one woman's right to choose, but I think you're killing a baby. Yeah. You know, it's like Jesus Christ. He's dead on. Yeah, it's dead on. Yeah. Louis CK had a great one too. I can't remember it. Wasn an old Louis, but had a great abortion bit too. It's, it's a thing that I always say that if men can get pregnant, abortion be an app on your phone, you'd be able to get a fucking abortion at the gas station. You'd be like, fill it up and take this out. Like, I'm not fuck that girl.


I'm not carrying her baby. But she was, I think This is the case and it's a little Confusing. I Okay. A Texas woman who was jailed and charged with murder after self-managing an abortion. What does that mean? Can move forward with a lawsuit against the local sheriff and prosecutors over the case of Drew National outrage. Before the charges were quickly dropped, a federal judge ruled on Wednesday. So US district Judge Drew b Tipton denied a motion by prosecutors and the sheriff to dismiss the lawsuit during a hearing in the border city of Macallan Lizelle Gonzalez, who spent two nights in jail on the murder charges as seeking $1 million in damages and the lawsuit did not attend the hearing.


Texas, Texas is one of the most, one of the nation's most restrictive abortion bans and outlaws the procedure with limited exceptions under Texas law. Women seeking an abortion are exempt from criminal charges, however. So why did they charge her? What did she do? What is self-managing that Mean? Abortion. Yeah. What does that mean? What does that mean? Oh, she took a drug. So Gonzalez was indicted in 2022 after she took the drug Ms. So Prosol, while 19 weeks pregnant, she was treated at Texas Hospital where doctors later performed a cesarean section to deliver a stillborn child after the detected. No fetal heartbeat. This is a little different. 19 weeks is pretty late too.


Yeah, this is different. The charges were dropped just days after the woman's arrest. Okay. This is different. This is not someone going to another state. So I think that is probably a JD Vanity hadn't heard of that before and he certainly wouldn't want to put those kind of restrictions on people ever. But when you leave it, leave it up to the states. If you're stuck in one of those states, that's where women get really freaked out that Roe v. Wade was overturned. Yeah. Well look, it's not, none of these things are perfect compromises. And so even one of the things that's interesting is like for so long, conservatives wanted to overturn Roe v Wade And it always seemed like a pipe dream. Like It was never gonna actually happen. But then when you do overturn Roe v Wade, you do realize that it's like nobody's really happy.


You know what I mean? Right. Like it's like the, the blue states are still gonna have like un restrictive, You know, rules about it. Yeah. So the red, the right wing people aren't happy and then the red states are gonna be more restrictive. So the left wingers aren't happy about it. It is, You know, it's one of those issues that is enormously complex and it's very difficult. You know, I'm not sure there is like a legal solution to it. I think it's a much more of a cultural issue. It's like if you're gonna, if you were living in a society where, say it was more similar to my grandfather's society where it was very normal that you married your high school sweetheart.


It was very normal that people waited till marriage to have sex. And it was very typical that you got married at 19 or 20. That's absurd. Well, look, I'm not saying they they did, but I just mean it was much more typical Yeah. To get married at 19 and be married for 60 years or whatever. Sure. It's much easier to have rules about abortion in that society. Yeah. You know, whereas like, if you're in like a hookup culture world where most people are, You know, people are getting married at like 35 if they get married at all. Right. And they're spending from like 17 to 35 being with many different partners using Apps. Yeah. Yeah. It's it, you're just gonna come in and just write a law on top of that.


It's just a very, it's a very difficult situation. But You know, to your initial point, it's like the Dems were running on that because it wasn really the only political winner that they had. It wasn the only issue that people actually really cared about and they were on the Democrat side about it. And that's, that's why they had to run on that. That's why Kamala Harris, which was one of the craziest things of this whole campaign, one of the most amazing things is that they actually tried to just run on nothing. One of my favorites was that Tim Walsh tried to claim that his wife got pregnant through in vitro fertilization. And she said that's not true. So he lied about that. What A weird guy he was. His wife had to come out and say he was lying. Yeah. Well, so something.


Okay. That Guy lied about everything. He lied about being a, a head coach. He was an assistant coach, lied about his military rank, lied about whether or not he served in a war, lied about whether or not he was in Tiananmen Square. Yeah. Well, he Fucking lies about everything. Well See what happened is, right. So Obama, who was obviously a very, very smart guy and, You know, incredibly talented politician, at least in, while he was running for president, he was, I think he's lost a step, but, so Obama still was a bit of a narcissist and he wanted to pick Joe Biden as his vp. He didn't want someone who was gonna outshine him.


And so he picked Joe Biden, who, You know, if you even before he went senile was never particularly bright. So he picked Joe Biden as his, his vp and then Joe Biden. Well he wanted some, some diversity points and he also wanted someone to nod outshine him. 'cause now he was becoming senile and he was never that bright to begin with. So he picks Kamala Harris to be his vp and then Kamala Harris needs to pick someone who won't outshine her. You know what I mean? So it's like, it's amazing. The Idiocracy just like spun outta control real quick where all of a sudden you get to like the third VP in a row and you're like, yo, really? This is who you picked. Like, he's a knucklehead.


You know what's it's crazy is that this was in, in many ways this was, this presidential election was just so wild and so different from anything I've ever seen in my lifetime. You know, I'm 41 and this was different than any other presidential election of my lifetime for sure. And I think substantially before that, I think anybody's lifetime. Yeah, I think I think before that too. Yeah. But then there were these things that were also just like very conventional explanations for why you look at this Trump blowout and it's almost like, as you look back at, it's like, yeah. What you guys thought you could get away with it. It was just, just very basic things that, like Donald Trump picked a VP who, whether you like him or not, It is a pretty impressive guy. Very impressive, pretty impressive guy. There's a guy who went to, who was raised by a single parent who was a drug addict and ended up serving the country, going to an Ivy league school, becoming a venture capitalist, becoming a a, a senator Oh.


And, and can sit and have a conversation with you for three hours and be very intelligent and expressive. Like, and have fun. Yes. He had fun. However you feel about him objectively. Yeah. An impressive person. Yes. He picked a VP that could help him. Right. He could do things that Trump can't do. Right. You know, like he could go on, on a, a show CNN and, and really make the case pretty well in a hostile environment. Right. He's got a very high verbal iq. Clearly, You know, he is a very intelligent guy. She picked a VP who can't do anything to help her, who's like the weirdest human being you've ever seen. Like, like what was the strategy here guys? And they actually, they really just banked on being not Trump that they go, You know, all of the things that she ran on four years ago.


She walked away from every position and didn't have an answer for any of them. Didn't have an answer for why, Like, it's totally fine to change your mind on something. Sure. And it's totally, they should have a reason. Yeah. I mean, and it's very easy. Yeah. We've all changed our minds on a lot of things. And if you were like, Hey dude, you used to believe this, but you believe this now, you'd be like, well, lemme tell you something. Yeah. I read this guy and he just made such a good argument about it. Yeah. And then he had all this data that I hadn't really seen before. That's fine. But she never had an answer for any of them. She went, my values haven't changed. What? Well, okay, so the, but again, what's the answer then? Like, you were for Medicare for all. Now you're not, you were for open borders now. You're not. You were for whatever, a bunch of other stuff.


Trans surgeries for prisoners or whatever. Now you're not what hap she had no answer for that. She's also the sitting VP and they go, oh sir, are you running on the track record of the last four years? Like, no, no, no. I'm also not gonna run on that. Why? Well, why not? Because I'm not Joe Biden. Ha. Like, It, like what, what? That's what you're running on. That's it. Yeah. It's just Like, It was Unbelievable. But it, meanwhile so many people were behind her, which is even wilder. It's wild that so many people were like, yeah, this is what we got. So let's just fucking gaslight the shit outta half the country and run with it. And Also, let's see How far we can take. I gotta piss. Let's come, let's come back. We'll talk about this. Sure, sure. I did the sauna earlier. Sorry. No, no. It did an hour. Yeah.


He's an old dude man. He's old dude's. A bad posture are different than old dudes with regular posture. That's a very good point. Once they get to like this. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. It's not a lot. They can it fucking, it's hard to keep your head up. Yeah. Yeah. You know, after a while gravity just wins. Ah. But Trump keeps on trucking. He's the only guy that went four years in the White House and didn't get older. Something really, something really interesting about that. He looks pretty the same, pretty the same four years later where everybody else looks like they've been near a nuclear blast. You know what I about Radiation poisoning. Yeah. It's a really, really good point. I've always thought there was something about like, 'cause You know, just from, from doing standup, You know, if you think about like you, if you really try to remember back to like your first like few months in standup comedy and you remember like how daunting getting up in front of people was.


Oh yeah. It's like a thing. You know? And that's, that's the first step to being a standup comedian isn't like getting great material or even being, it's like, hey, get comfortable with going up in front of a group of people and speaking into a microphone to them. Yep. Get comfortable with not getting a laugh when you wanted to get one. Get comfortable with that. And there is something where like, like in, in 2016, You know, and people forget about this human element of it. Right? Like Jeb Bush. Okay. He's the son of a president, he's the brother of a president and he was the governor of Florida. It's not like he was a, like a, a rookie, but when he's on that debate stage, he is stepping onto the biggest stage of his life.


He's never been in front of a crowd like that before Donald Trump. It's Tuesday. Right. He's like, this is what I do. Yeah. Donald Trump's like cracking his neck and going out there like, oh, are all the spotlights and cameras on me? That's about right. Okay. You know, like, it's just like he's, and he was so comfortable. It wasn a huge factor Yeah. In why he was able to just nuke everybody. Yeah. Because it's like, yeah, this is what I do. I'm the center of attention. Yeah. These guys have never been there before. Not he Had, he was funny when he was just talking about the one-liner that he cracked about Rosie O'Donnell. He goes, thank God I had that one. Because she was coming after me. She was coming after me. I I had that one. I got her with that one. Well, he, he won her over, he Did look at her speaking for him a apparently she crushed it and yeah, she did.


Made fun of Mark Cuban. Yeah. Yeah. She did. She did. It was great. Yeah. I watched it. She's, she's Can You watch it? I have. She she's very sharp. Megan Kelly's very impressive. She Was the original Fox fem Bott. Yeah. She was the original like super hot woman on Fox was so, so much smarter than you. And you're Like, It was smarter and Ice queen. They're all wearing something very inappropriate. Oh, I said vagina curtains. I just look good about it. Was she like not even a good curtain like kind Grandma has over the kitchen sink. That flutters in the breeze goes by like, Jesus Christ, you're inches away from vagina. That's covered by this. I lost my show. The thinnest piece of cloth. It's a wild way to dress. It's a weird culture over there at Fox. It's Amazing.


Let's hear it. Oh, four years ago we had Mark Cuban on the program. Yeah. May seem, he was in the news this week and he started going on about how bad America's race history was and how ashamed he was of America. And that's why I was at all these protests and he felt it was really important to stand up and speak out about human rights violations. And then it got awkward when I asked him about all the money he was taking from China. But then he dropped a bunch of F-bombs and I thought, I really enjoy this feeling of proving Mark Cuban wrong. And so here I am at a Trump rally, a strong intelligent woman to prove Mark Cuban wrong again.


Damn. Yeah. That had a sting. Yeah. Yeah. She's she's a beast. Yeah. That one, that one had a sting. Yeah. It was very, she's, it's funny too, 'cause she's not like been in politics, but it wasn very like politically savvy. Yes. It wasn like a really smart way to go at it. Well She was very demonized as well. Remember when she went over to do that NBC show, it wasn crazy. Like they took her from Fox, they gave her a shit ton of money and then they just didn't like her over The, And it was over the lamest thing. I forget even the comment blackface something about blackface Halloween costumes or Something. Well, it's like, can you pretend to be a person that you admire That's like, if you wanna be Diana Ross, she was like, I don't think what's wrong with that.


Right. It's not a bad question. There's one thing if you are mocking African-American people, right. If you have like fucking Al Jolson blackface on, but if, what if you want to be Mr. T and you're a 10-year-old kid and Mr. T's his hero, do you really think that kid's racist? He puts a bunch of gold chains on and brown makeup on his face. Like what are we calling blackface? Yeah. Like what, what does that mean really blackface in in terms of like Al Jolson type stuff. Yeah. Like they literally used to use white guys pretending to be black guys in movies. So they didn't have to have black stars And they would be like o overtly dumb. Oh. And it was like insult. It was very insulting. It was clearly like we think lesser of these people.


Yes. But that's not necessarily the case. If you just have the color black, whatever he wants To say. It's an interesting's just Tyson for Halloween. Yeah. It's like, like you can't, but it's, you could do everything but the skin color, which is just bizarre. Well There's, that's one of the other things that I, I do think is, has been very interesting over the last, really over the last couple years I guess, and it's really on display with the Trump reelection thing, is that the culture has moved. Did you ever see when I talked to Robert Downey Jr. About Tropic Thunder? Yeah. Yeah. I go, do you think, could you do it today? He goes, oh, you could do it. Yeah. It wasn great. It wasn such a great response. He's great. But, But it's technically true. You Could do it. I thought It is a conversation. The Avengers thing with KAA was goofy, but I love Robert Downey. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It wasn, it wasn a real Interesting one.


I'd like to get him to eat meat. Every time I look at him I'm like, I'm very concerned. Oh, is he? That's right. He doesn't eat. He's Yeah. California vegan. Well, I do think there's some stuff that we look back at now at like 2017, 2018, the, like, the woke Isn of that era does seem to be like, yeah. Things aren't quite as crazy as they were then. Or at least this, there was a little bit of like fatigue of it. Yeah. You kind of can't get away with it anymore. Isn't That like the pendulum though? Doesn't it like swing, I guess swing one way the other way and ultimately it moves into a, it it's moving towards a better direction for society and it's just a massive overcorrection and then you have hustlers and grifters who get involved in it Yeah.


And amplify the movement. Right. And all like the Black Lives Matter girls who bought all the real estate. Yeah. There was also some accusation that they bought the house for substantially more than a person paid for just recently before that. And they know they have a connection to that person. Like there's some like other shenanigans Yeah. With That. Yeah. The, it's the communists who are always like, yeah, but I also want to be a millionaire. It's Wonderful. Yeah. It's wonderful when the grift get exposes gets exposed. Well, So I thought it with, in the, the election this year, there were like kind of, and, and, and woke culture in general. So, I mean broader than the election, But there were kinda like three major factors that I think were really interesting. One was that I think the anti, I think the, the like, for lack of better term, like the kind of anti woke or non-work people kind of won out in the marketplace.


There's, there's examples of like, Well, the Tom Brady Roast, well I think huge example. Yes. I think you are an example of that. The Tom Brady Roast was an example of that. Shane Gillis's career was an example of that. You know, Tim Dylan's career is an example of that. It's just at a certain point, it's not even that Netflix changed their mind and they're willing to have these guys on. 'cause they had like some ideological transformation. It's just like, I don't know, dude, there's so, there's so big. Right? They have so many fans. This is gonna get a ton of views on it there. And, and a mix of that. And also kind of for the first time there was like a cost imposed with the Bud Light stuff and the target stuff. There were these like kind of very effective boycotts where it's like, oh, we're you're, there's gonna be a cost imposed on you if you do that.


Yes. The second factor with, with the Trump stuff and why they weren't able to get the shock troops out. And when I say the shock troops, I just mean the left wing, 20-year-old useful idiots who will come out and protest. Yes. There's a fascist movement here. Right? Yeah. So one of the things that happened, and this part of why, You know, this, this is a, a non-controversial explanation for 2020 verse 2024, is that in the year 2020, Joe Biden's Central Pitch to America was a return to normalcy. Yeah. And it wasn a very attractive pitch. Yes. I think to a lot of people, especially if you can put yourself in November of 2020.


Sure. You know, you've gone through the craziest year ever and it's, there's lockdowns, there's riots there. The whole economy is a mess. Everybody Russia freaking out is still being Yes. All broadcast Counseling And and you're constantly going like, oh my God, Trump is, is is crazy. And then the reaction to him is crazy. And then Joe Biden could just be like, listen, You know me. Yeah. I've been in the Senate for 700 years. Yeah. Let's go back to regular America. You don't turn the room. Yes, Exactly. And by the way, okay, I'm not campaigning That's true. I'm in, I'm in my house the whole time. But there's a pandemic. That's kind of the responsible thing to do. You know, Donald Trump's doing a super spreader event right now. It wasn still the narrative at the time, even though none of it was Real.


Did someone die from Covid that went to one of his events? Yeah, I think May I, I vaguely remember this. Was it Ben Carson? Ben Carson. He got Covid Didn't, I don't Remember who died from Covid that went to one of his early events. Is Ben Carson dead? I don't think I, I don't remember. I don think it Ben Carson think, I think somebody might have, I vaguely remembered the story. There was some other guy Who was a supporter of, of Trump who wound up getting covid and dying, Which like whatever, who even knows whether he got it there? Let's find Out whatever. Let out what it wasn. Well, he probably did. I think it was maybe, Yeah, that's legitimately, Legitimately. I think it was a super spreader event, but Yes. Well it, You know, it might've been, I don't know, these outdoor events.


I don't know if they really were or not, But bro, they're all in tight proximity to each other. Just like the flu Herman Cain. It's Herman Kain. That's who, who It was her kain. That's right's. That's was, yes, yes, yes. That's who it was. Okay. Yes, I do remember that. Yeah. So, Okay. Ben Carson's still alive. Sorry, Ben. Yes, Ben. You're doing great. He's a brilliant man too. Another guy was like very dismissed. Yes, Yes. I mean, he's a bit of an odd duck, but he's a genius. For sure. You got The painting with Jesus behind him with his hands on his shoulders, like, hey bro. Yes, there's some weird stuff going on there. But he actually, he is an interesting guy. Brilliant guy. Very, very brilliant. But, so anyway, this pitch of like the return to normalcy in 2020 is attractive. It's attractive. And it also look, it fed into the, the thesis essentially of the entire corporate media was like, the problem is Trump.


Right. The problem is Trump, everything was in United States of America, then this Trump guy came in and ruined everything. Right. You know, whereas the reality was always much deeper than that. That like, no, there were these huge problems and that's why a Trump-like figure was so attractive to people. Yeah. But then what happened is Joe Biden came in and nothing went back to normal. It got even crazier than it was under Donald Trump. So now people were looking back at the first three years of Donald Trump, like, that seems pretty normal compared to what we've been going through in the Biden administration. So this sucked a lot of the energy out. And also you didn't have the mystery of Trump. He's gonna be Adolf Hitler in there. No, he's not. He's been in for four years. You know, in 2016 they were like, you can't trust him with the nuclear codes.


And there was a little bit of a plausible claim to that. Like, I don't know, he would be the first president ever with no political or military experience. And he does seem like a little bit of a wild man, but you can't really sell that anymore after he is been president. So that kind of took away from the, the energy and another thing. And I, I don't know. I have not, I'm not saying I'm the only one making this point. I haven't heard anyone else making this point. And I just, I think this is a huge part of it. Okay. Like a huge part of the reason why you didn't see tens of thousands of young people out protesting Trump at Madison Square Garden, and you only had like a hundred people there is because those young left wingers who were reliable shock troops for the regime over the last decade, they've been protesting a genocide for the last year.


Right. They've spent a full year protesting what they consider and at least the international court of justice plausibly considers a genocide. And it's very hard to get someone who's been protesting babies being slaughtered to turn around and pretend that something else is way more of an outrage. And especially to then go protest on behalf of the ones who are doing the genocide. Right. That you've been protesting against for the last year at least funding it and Yeah. Right. I mean listen, man. Yes. It's, I mean I Israel forget invading Lebanon or going to war with Iran. Israel can't conduct the war in Gaza without the us It's our weapons, it's our money, it's our intelligence that they're using to do this.


It's, it's, You know, America is, if you view this as a genocide, which I don't really use that word too often, but I do view it as like, just horrific. And if you view it that way, there's no way that the US isn't implicated. This only happens because the US is funding and supporting this. And if you want to get those activists to get outraged, it's something else. Other than that, when that's obviously the most pressing concern globally. Tough. It's very tough. Yeah. They've spent a year doing that also. And it really hurt her. These young kids, you think of the difference between 2016 and 2020 and then 2024 podcasts Huge Way different. They all listen to podcasts. Yep. Everybody gets clips. You hear opposing perspectives, you hear very intelligent people come on and make arguments that you're not hearing on TV anymore.


And they get shared, even if it's just shared clips on TikTok and YouTube reel or YouTube. Yeah. Shorts and Instagram reels. They're getting shared left and right and you, you can't just keep a narrative going anymore. You can't, it Wasn doesn't work. Well it wasn You know, like even this came up a bunch in when I was debating Chris Cuomo. But it's like even just the way they, You know, the way they talk about you or like, where it's like, oh, these, these bro culture guys or something like that. Like I again, I'm sorry. Objectively, objectively, this isn't an opinion. What happens on this show is so much more intelligent and thoughtful and deep than anything that's going on at CNN.


You just can't tell me. You can't tell me that you sitting down with Elon Musk for three hours and then compare that to like Wolf Blitzer with all his graphics behind him talking for 30 seconds before he goes to a pharmaceutical commercial and then coming back and having the dumbest left winger yell at the dumbest Right. Winger. Really. And you guys are gonna act like you're the grownups in the room. Like, It, it's just, it's too ridiculous. And, and it's Right. So the entire young generation, they've all turned that off. Yeah. That nobody, none of them are getting their news from from CNN anymore. No. And look man, that's I think the most beautiful part of this election Is that Yeah. Media's dead. Yeah, that's right. It wasn a wrap son. And certainly not comparable anymore.


And if you look at the numbers, like what are the numbers that CNN has for a regular show compared to like the numbers of the Trump podcast? I don't think they have a, a show that regularly cracks a million views. The Instagram, I think the biggest one is still under a million. The Twitter, the X video that I posted when I posted Elon on the podcast, between me and him, it got 65 million views in a day. It's unbelievable Dude. In a day. Yeah. And that's not counting YouTube, which is like another, I don't know how many million he got on YouTube and that's not counting Spotify. Spotify, yeah. We don't even know those numbers yet Because it was just two days ago. Right. 65 between his account and my account. 65 million views And You know, there was Like the X is the number one news source on Earth.


Yeah. On Earth it's the most trusted because it's the only one that's not fucked with. Yep. So even if someone's incorrect, the community notes will correct them. Yep. The the community notes are rock solid. It's a great way to find out what's real and what's not real. And then you look in the comments and you see people debating it and it's happening in real time and it's happening whenever something breaks and it's, it's way better than what you're gonna get on corporate controlled media. It's way better. Elon Musk buying Twitter was at least as important as Trump winning it's election. Again, maybe more, maybe the most important thing about Trump winning might be that he's able to stop them from coming after Elon Musk. Well that, that's a big factor. But I also think that Elon Musk buying Twitter if, if that doesn't happen, I don't think Trump wins the way he wins.


Oh, 100%. I think it's real tight. I think if, if he does win, it's barely, okay, let's take podcasts out. He doesn't win at all. You take him being on Theo Vaughn, him being on me, him being on all these different Milk Boys, all these different pockets. Andrew Schultz. Andrew Schultz, it wasn a big one. Yep. Schultz was, flagrant was a big one 'cause it got him to fuck around. Yep. You know, you see him laughing and joking around and Schultz is joking with him. They're having a good time. That humanized him more. Do you see that? Schultz, they fucking pulled his special Yeah. From a theater three hours after the Trump thing got released. Yeah. And then he did it at a bigger theater Of course. Which by the way, that's another thing that's changed. That's really a fascinating thing to me.


Right? Yeah. So I've literally, I've watched this happen and I know you have too, where the, the canceling stopped working. It was so effective. Yeah. And then all of a sudden it just stopped working. A big part of that is Elon Musk for sure. But there's other factors involved in it too. I mean, but I remember like there were guys in 2016, 2017 who were very much like in the national conversation and they got straight up removed from that Milo. Milo Gianopoulos a great example. That's when he went on Bill Maher. He had like, he killed it on Bill Maher. He killed it on your show. Bill Maher compared him to Christopher Hitchens.


Yeah. He went You're like a gay Christopher Hitchens or something like that. Yeah, yeah. So he's, so now and then he made the other guys look like fools too. Like he, so then he's, then he gets taken down and he went from being a guy who was like very much shaping the national conversation to being just removed from it. And there were other guys, No. A bit of a drug problem there. Yeah. I'm not even saying there weren't other factors involved, But there were a bunch of people like that who got removed. Yeah. And I do think, I think the tipping point was when they came for you And it failed. But it seems like around that time it stopped work. Listen, I, I heard of Andrew Tate for the first time ever when he got canceled from everything. Right. It wasn when I like found, I, I didn't know who he was before that.


And then he was like, oh, the guy who got canceled for everything and now he's bigger than he ever was. I knew he was like the most Googled man kid for kickboxing. Yeah. My kid asked me about him, 'cause my kids were getting in little videos off of TikTok. This is before he got in like real trouble when he was just starting to like the manosphere and a, a bunch of young guys are resonating with it. She goes, what do you think about him? And I said, he is a legit kickboxer. Like I used to watch him kickbox. He was like, You know, in that organization, whatever organization, he was a champion. He's legit. He can fight man. Oh yeah. I've seen videos of him Fighting. He can really fight. When, when he became like this manosphere influencer, I was like, okay, that kind of tracks kind of makes sense. Right, Right. Well I just, the thing that I found so interesting was just, and And it happened with him.


A great example is Tucker Carlson, Candace. Oh yeah. Candace Owens. Oh yeah. And then even the thing we were just saying about our boy Schultz, it's like these cancellation attempts all of a sudden they went from like, oh my God, this could ruin you. Did you see? So like it's making you stronger. Did you see when Tony went on stage last night? No, Bro. At the mothership, bro. Oh. I was like, Richard Pryor showed up. Do you have video of the opening? Oh yeah. Oh, That'ss Bananas. Awesome. Dude. Bananas. They go nuts. Yeah. Yeah. They go nuts when Tony's There. This is the new dynamic now. Yeah. It's like the tool that they used to use to control the narrative is now losing them more and more of the narrative. Not only that, Tony now has 35 minutes on the whole thing.


Really? Yeah. Oh great. 35 Minutes on Puerto Rico, this whole thing people Oh is he Do, is he going up tonight? Oh yeah. Oh probably up tonight. I wanna go watch that. I'd love to go watch. That's amazing. I love, that's the best thing in comedy by the way. The best thing in comedy is like when there's like a huge thing and someone's got, there's just something about like when they got new fresh stuff on. The thing that just happened is just the best part of standup. Oh it's my f like my n word compilation joke. Dude. I remember what literally one of my fa, like if I had to put a flag down on like five of my favorite moments since I've been in comedy that that show that we did at, what's it called? The Vulcan? Yeah.


It was before the mothership was opened, but it was the day after it came out. And it was amazing. There was something surreal about it. Watching you go on stage in the moment where you're like in the cross hairs of the biggest cancellation attempt and then having you just do the bid on it is so goddamn good. I mean you did, you put it out on your it's special special. But watching it the next day after it just happened was like, there's just an energy about that that you're just like, oh shit dude. Like this. And it was just amazing. It was an amazing show. It was so cool to Watch it. It's an opportunity to take something and turn it into a positive. Yeah. Like take this moment and create a bit out of it. Oh dude, I, my, my favorite show of the year was I just literally, I happened to be doing a weekend at the mothership when Trump got got shot.


Yeah. I mean I was leaving my hotel to walk over to the mothership and then just all of a sudden my phone started blowing up. Like text, text, text, text, text, all this. And I was like, what the fuck happened here? And then I pulled the video, I was like, oh shit. And then that show, whatever the earl, the early show on that day, man for and if people were there, it was just the most fun. It's the most fun part of standup where you're almost just like, you go like, well forget what I thought we were gonna be talking about today because now we're going in a whole new direction. What am I gonna go up there and not talk about this for a half hour? Right. How is that possible? You know? How is it possible? Especially for me. Yeah. Like, You know, it's like well I've gotta go do this. And it's just something beautiful that's the best part of standup comedy man. It's A great part. And if you're there live, it's so fun.


It's so fun when You know someone is talking about something that just happened. It's so fun. Yeah. And I've gotten, I've gotten like messages and tweets and stuff like that, like from people who are at that show. I'll still get like, You know like someone I'll like come up and just be like, dude, I was at that show at that time. I'm like Yeah it wasn a good one man. It's a crazy one. It wasn a good one. You don't get a whole lot of moments like that where the president almost gets fucking iced And then all the nutty people trying to say he staged his assassination attempt so that he could regain the White House. It wasn a propaganda to, those are the nuttiest of left wing people. You think flat earthers are nuts. Yeah. You think a 78-year-old guy is gonna allow some dude with iron sights to shoot and nick his ear from a hundred come 40 yards away.


Well also another guy did get killed. Yeah. There it seems pretty real And more than one person got shot. Yeah. I really wonder if Trump's gonna try to get to the bottom of that stuff or, or if maybe he just doesn't in there doesn't want to even push it. It's hard to know what happened there. But he seems like a Lee Harvey Oswald type dude. He seems like a, a guy that they set up. Well There's a lot to that story. There's both stories with both of the assassination attempts are very fishy. Very, there's just something that just doesn't add Up about all. But the one with crooks is the most fishy.


It's did you see the video of his dad? His dad leaving Costco. So he is got Costco with a, a whole full card of stuff and there's a dude who's with him was wearing gloves and a mask and sunglasses and a hoodie and this guy's helping him. He's wearing gloves. Yeah. So he is not leaving any fingerprints anywhere. It's the weirdest look, this guy's, and this is like recent, right? So this is in the heart of Covid where someone I, So I don't know. I don't know why it wasn. Yeah. 90 person who Dress like this. It was really Recent. Well yeah, I think so. The assassination attempt was only a few months ago. Yeah. So you have Crook's dad and his dad is pushing this shopping cart and you got this dude who's with him who's like in full disguise with gloves.


It's very weird. The Well look, I mean, so you have, there's the first one where you have this, this guy is able, and you can see this is all on videotape. This guy is walking around scoping out that roof. Look at this. I Don't think he's wearing gloves. I think he's just wearing, he's got his hoodie covering his hands a little bit. They're right there. You Can still see. Oh, they're not gloves? I don't think so. Why do I think he wears wearing gloves? He did is covering everything else up though. You sure He is not wearing gloves. Okay. He is got his hoodie. I see, I see why you thought that though. It's a weird, it's a weird look For sure. It's Well he's he's covering his fucking hands. Yeah, he is covering his hands.


Okay, so they're not gloves. So he's got a full mask on, he's got sunglasses on and a hoodie and it's nighttime and this guy is Okay, so no, no gloves. But it's just bizarre. Very bizarre. Obviously the guy doesn't want people to know who he is 'cause he's with the Yeah. The father of the guy who tried to kill the fucking president. Well The, the fact that somebody could be able to, to get up on that roof with a rifle 130 yards away from the president and then the excuses that they made made absolutely no sense. It was a sense it was too sloped of a roof and all This. No, the lady didn't wanna step down. Yeah. This is very, yeah. All very strange. And then the second one, you've got a guy who has a felony conviction for possession of weapons of mass destruction where he barricaded himself while police were pursuing him with like explosives or something.


I mean he is a He did, yeah. There's a, it's the charge was weapons of mass destruction. I remember that. 'cause like I was like, I didn't even realize it wasn a charge. I thought it wasn just something bush lied about. But evidently there's a real criminal. So He had bombs, like suicide Bombs. Yeah. I I, You know, I don't know exactly what they were, but I know it wasn the charge And it was a felony. And then this motherfucker is recruiting for the Ukrainian war effort and is going back and forth to an active war zone trying to recruit Afghan fighters to fight in the war on the Ukrainian side. And then he comes back and tries to assassinate Donald Trump. And then the entire national conversation is like, is the rhetoric about Donald Trump too far?


And you're like, listen man. I'm not saying it's not plausible that if you call the guy Hitler every day, maybe some, You know, deranged young person will be like, I'm gonna take out Hitler, but when this guy is going and recruiting for the Ukrainian War effort, this doesn't sound to me like someone radicalized by Joy Reed. Right. You know what I mean? Right. This sounds like something a little deeper is going on. And then there is ab, much like with Jeffrey Epstein. Right. There is no desire amongst the supposed journalist class to even look into it. And Then his son gets hit with child porn charges. Yeah. So like, if his son knew anything about what was going on. Right. No one's gonna listen to him now.


Yep. The fucking guy's jerking off to kids. Fucking, it's just, It look, at the very least, it's very bizarre. Yeah. And when you have a guy, You know, like, I'm not saying I've got like a case I could present in front of a jury and get a conviction, but when you've got a guy who has been targeted by the regime, unlike any other political figure in American history, well, let's say since Kennedy, But more so because he just survived an assassination. Yeah. Kennedy got shot, but the attacks on him, the law fair attacks Yeah. Are unprecedented. The, the weaponizing of the legal system Yeah. In front of everybody's eyes, like trying to find a crime. Yeah. No, that's right. And so all of that, and then you see these multiple attempts happen, it, you'd be crazy to not at least want to have like some real investigation into this, some, some interest in looking at this, this and all that.


Press Conference. Yeah. How about one press conference about crooks? How about, tell me what You know, did you get a toxicology examination or did you just burn the body? Yeah. Why did he, and he can't get in his, we can't get into his phone. He had no social media footprint. Come on, dude. His Apartment was professionally scrubbed. Yeah. Didn't even have silver in his house. Yeah. It's, It's all just very strange. So I wonder now that Trump's back in, does he, does he look into that? And I'm not even saying, You know, like, I just really, I just want Trump to end the war. Listen, if Donald Trump, if he secures the border and ends the, if he ends the war in Ukraine, secures the border and ramps Up oil production in Saudi United States, ramps up production does something to help the economy put him on Mount Rushmore.


Like, that's, that's enough man. Like, I don't, You know what I mean? Like, that's, that's enough. Where, but I, I am curious, like, I wonder where he is. This, I always wanted to be on Mount Rushmore. I believe I deserve it. And I'll I'll say we kick one of them off. Ah, we're not, we're not making more room change the phase you guys, we could take a vote. Can't You imagine. I'll tell you, you Imagine the fucking sock hats screaming in the street if they change Mount Rushmore. Yeah. TJ stays, but I'm thinking Lincoln's gotta go. No. Oh, Lincoln's a man. Lincoln was a wrestler. Keep him. Well, Alright, fine. Giant freak of a man, probably Gay. He was a giant freak of a man and definitely I think spent a lot of time in cabins with other dudes. Yeah. I I think everybody was gay back then. That's what I think it's possible.


I Think there was a lot of gayness back then. And You know, I, I base this on ancient cultures like Afghanistan, all the gay shit they do. Well, you also gotta think like if you are in a world without like, plumbing and, and toothbrushes and razors fucking a man or fucking a woman, not that much different. Not a whole lot different at that point, dude. Especially if you're in a trench. Yeah. It's at that point you're basically like, you're just, you're, you're, you're having sex with an animal is what you're doing. But so many warriors in the past were gay. Like Samurai's did a lot of gay stuff. Yeah. Spartans did a lot of gay stuff. A lot of gay stuff. Well, It's one of the things that I think we've kind of found out with the, the, the trans stuff over the last few years is that it's like there there are cultural norms that you can set up where people will do a lot of stuff that you might consider to be very, like, bizarre.


And it's very easy when you don't have those cultural parameters to be like, no one would do that just Because you made it like acceptable Prison. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. We're so gross. If you leave us alone with no one but us, we just fuck each other. Yeah. That's how gross we Are. And it's also kind and, and it's like a punchline in a weird way. Like it's just nothing. Like, It's also the one kind of rape you can hope someone gets. Yeah. You know, it wasn actually, I hope he gets raped in prison. Kurt, Kurt Metzger made this point. I remember it was sometime during like the Me Too movement. Oh, I know what it was. It was when I, did you ever see the law and order episode where they did like the me two comic?


No, It's the most ridiculous thing ever, dude. It was just in the, You know, law and order. They just gotta bang out a half hour show like every other day or whatever. Don Don. Yeah. So it's a, so the, it was the height of like cancel culture. Me too. And all this stuff. And so the theme, I'm not exaggerating this. Okay. The theme is there's a a a shot comic and he's, he's making all these rape jokes. And now of course they do it in a way like, as if this would work at a comedy club. Like, you're just like, Hey you, I hope you get raped. And the crowd's Like It says it on stage. Yeah. Yeah. So they're at a comedy club. I believe it was filmed at the comic strip live. I think it was there, I'm not sure, but it was at a comedy club. They do this. So some, some girls get up and they walk out because they're very uncomfortable with like, oh my God, these rape jokes are not funny, blah, blah.


Then the girl leaves, gets raped. Turns out it was the rape comic who rapes her. And that's the, it is the most ridiculous like goddamn story ever. But this was an episode of Law and Order, and then Kurt just started, he made the point that he goes, You know, on this show, it's just a regular thing that they threaten men with rape. Like every single time they're in, they're like interrogating someone. They go, guys like you don't do very well in prison. You know what I mean? And it's always just like the threat of like, we will put you in a rape, torture dungeon if you don't do X, Y, and Z. And I thought it was like a really brilliant point that, that's just totally acceptable. It's totally Acceptable. Like threatening a man with rape, you guys, like you don't do very well in prison is a common like saying. And we all know what that means.


They're saying you will be anally raped against your will, but whatever. You're a dude, so who cares. My Friend was telling me about the American Taliban guy, You know that guy that went over to, to join the Taliban? He said they raped that guy like a thousand times. He said like, that guy was a prisoner over there for like four years and they just raped him continuously. And he said when he was working overseas, when he was deployed, he said, you'd see guys raping guys all the time. Yeah. There was this one very slow guy that worked in the kitchen. These guys were lined up to rape this guy. Jesus. There was one guy who had a colostomy bag and the guy kept getting sick, he had to get medevaced. He was like, he'd get infected.


It would go, they found out they were fucking the hole where the bag goes into his side. Guys were fucking the hole where his colostomy bag gets inserted. That's not cool. Yeah. But when you have a culture that says like, men can't have sex with women except procreate, and the women have to be dressed up in a certain way and It's not good. You leave 'em alone with themselves. It's Very Freudian man. And it's old. You Repress. It's an old culture. No, this is the, this is the Freudian observation, which is a very brilliant one. However people feel about Freud. It's like you repress, You know, certain desires and they reemerge in much darker ways. Yeah. You know, there's just like, you have to have a release valve.


Yes. Otherwise it's like human beings go into very, very dark, very dark places. Well, It's just people don't react well to other people telling them what to do. And when I was in high school, the thing was, Catholic school girls were always freaks. Right. But Catholic school girls were wild because they didn't get to be around any boys ever. They were just at school with girls and they're all dressed in skirts and they're all told that they're Yeah. All those desires that they have their bodies going through puberty and they're just horny all the time that they're bad. Yeah. And then they can't wait to get along with a guy Like it. And as, again, same thing, like you repress it in one area. Yeah. It's just, it reemerges Right. In a much uglier way. Exactly. Than if you had just priests been re Yeah, exactly. That's the best example of it emerging in the creepier way.


Well, you can't, You know why they did that with Catholic priests? Why? Because the priests were like rock stars. They were fucking everybody. So they said, you can't have sex anymore. You can't get married. But imagine saying to like a grown man that you can't ever have sex or jerk off. That's the expectation. The expectation is that you're supposed to never come and They would give you medication so that you couldn't get hard. They'd give you salt. Peter. Yeah. You're gonna draw, you're, you're gonna, if that's the job to sign up to, you're gonna draw in some weird people who wanna sign up the to job most twisted. You know what, what was that, what's that stuff called? Is it called salt Peter? Is that what they give them to make sure that they stayed impotent kills their sexual desires?


Oh, I don't know. I didn't, it's never heard Of this fucking poison. I mean, what is, what's doing that? Probably, yeah. What's doing that? What, what's killing your, it's killing your testosterone. Killing your sex hormones. What else is it doing? How depressed are you? Yeah, that can't be good. How many of 'em are alcoholics? He ever go to a, a Catholic church and you see the guy speaking the, the, the, the whatever he is bishop, whatever the fuck he is big, stupid blown up nose because he's just like, he's got gin blossoms all over. His face is hammered every day. He lives in hell Yeah, he lives in hell. He's probably a closeted gay guy that took this fucking job 45 years ago. And now he's like, this is my life. Now I'm 60. Here I am. Like, what am I doing with myself?


Yeah. And I've, I've, I've Talked to what salt Peter stuff Jamie did you find it was what, what is salt Peter used for? And is it true it reduces certain carnal urges? The second part of the question is easy to answer Salt Peter. The term refers to either potassium or sodium nitrate has no effect on carnal urges. The story that this chemical was put into soldiers' food to decrease their sex drive is a total myth. But what about for priests? That's what I had heard. So is it one of those things they thought, thought did that symptoms can range from double vision and difficulty in swallowing to paralysis and death. The spores of this organism lurk in many foods under the right conditions, lack of oxygen, low acidity becomes active and liberate their toxin.


Sausages are the classic example of type of food that can be affected. And the word botulism, in fact derives from the Latin bliss meaning sausage. I'll Google it. What So this, this bot scroll back up again. I feel like I picked this up at a weird place. Serious acts, aspects of salt. Peter, one of the most deadly substances known to mankind is produced by CLOs. Clostridium bot bot botulinum bacteria 7 million times more toxic than Cobra venom Botin poisons its victims by blocking the actions of neurotransmitter acetylcholine.


Symptoms can range. Okay, so this is the symptoms from botulism assault. Peter come from botulism. So one of the, okay, one of the serious aspect aspects of his, one of the most deadly substances known to mankind is this botulism bacteria. Okay? Botulism could be prevented by the appropriate use of sodium nitrate discovery that actually became about in an accidental fashion. Salting of meat is an ancient method of preservation based on the ability of sodium chloride to kill bacteria by drawing out much of their water content. About 500 years ago, some clever cook noted that the effectiveness of salt and preserving meat depends upon its source. Furthermore, salt that worked particularly well improved the meat's flavor and color.


Okay. The secret turned out to be an impurity potassium nitrate, more familiar known as salt Peter. Okay. So this is how they came up with it to combat botulism. Okay. Now what about, how, how does Salt Peter work? And what, what's the point of it? Why would people take it? I don't understand. What's it say You wanted to Add about priest, correct. Was the original thing? Yes. Okay. Because this is what we had always heard when we were kids, that they would give pre-salt Peter to suppress their carnal urges. So here it says salt Peter known for used many purposes in the past, including as a curing agent key compound of gunpowder.


Man, this, this stuff does everything. Yeah, But what about sexual urges? Mm. They debunked the myth about salt Peter lowering libido or sex drive. It's false. It's a myth that's been going around for years. The myth started when, what does it say? Let's see where the myth started when I Wouldn't go with the qr. I'll just try military times. Okay. But if you see that where it says their top answer, I know Those are all QA things. Those are just, those are mis message boards Essentially. Right. But I would just like to see what that person on the message board says. I think it's kinda interesting. The myth started with the military. See this article from Snopes, popular myth promoted by youngsters in boarding schools, interesting summer camps as well as men in the military in prison.


Some boys or men use this as an excuse for sexual performance problems. Doctors and pharmacists have debunked the myth about salt Peter lowering the libido prostate or sex drivers as false. Even if some ignorant random prison did this to a group of inmates, they've proven it would not have the negative effects. People keep saying it does, but that Doesn't prove that they didn't do it right. They're just saying it wouldn't work. It doesn't work. So maybe they like tried to use it against, maybe it was like a theoretical thing that they thought was gonna, You know, like, wasn't that like Spanish fly? Do you remember Spanish fly? Yeah. Yeah's the one Cosby bragged about, right? Yes.


That's the creepiest tape ever. The Creepiest. He had a bit about it. Oh, And then he did an episode. Yeah. About it. They did an episode. It was his like barbecue sauce or something like that. His special barbecue sauce to get everybody horny. What a weird how did, by the way, no one, I guess in the eighties people had a lot of blinders on, but he was just like, he was like, Hey, I got an idea for the episode. Like maybe it's like, You know, we're, we're doing, You know, the Huxtable family and I just make my barbecue sauce and all the chicks wanna fuck. You're like, wait, what? Oh, nutty. Why would you do that on the show For a family sitcom? I thought we were gonna do, like Theo gets in a fight and then we have to talk to him about like keeping his grades up. The Importance of homework. Yeah. Right. Like It was, it was just so out of the ordinary for what that show was.


And he was like, nah, I really, listen, I'm the star And it really means a lot to me that we do this episode. Like, how Strange. So I think Spanish fly was another myth that people thought was real. And I remember hearing about it when I was a kid that you could give a girl a thing this, whatever the Spanish fly was, find the, what's the origin of Spanish? Spanish fly. I, I stumbled across something crazy about this Salt Peter stuff. Yeah, I'm trying to read it. I was trying to read through this fast So I could give you a quick answer. There is a job And it says like Sweden, I had to transfer this salt Peter welder profession who's tasked consists of collecting urine soaked earth in order to make more salt. Peter, because they used it in ammunition.


Whoa. So they had these barns where pi, I guess it says here pissing men. I was trying to get it here. Wow. And that's how they'd make gunpowder. Yeah. You'd piss on the ground into the soil and then they'd get enough of that stuff together finally. And then Wow, you could make some gunpowder out how Much Much you hate. But how much experimentation did it take to figure out that? Like, no, listen dude, hey, listen, if I piss on the ground, I could make gunpowder. You'd be like, how'd you figure that out? You know, listen, dude, it's a long story. All right. I was doing a lot of stuff this weekend. What Year was this? 1830. The 16 hundreds. Yeah, 16 hundreds. They this figured this out. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. That is wild. Yeah, they Hold on, stop, go scroll back up a little bit.


What does it say here? It's all peasants. The priests made sure that no one was forgotten, we're forced to deliver their imposed quota of salt peter soil, along with ashwood and coal to the nearest simmering plant. The obligation was replaced in 1634 by a salt Peter tax, the salt Peter Jews, that's always The Jews now instead came to collect the soil themselves from under the farmer's barns. The Salt Peter tax replaced in 1801 by an obligation for each mantle to annually supply one half. What does that say? LI pound of salt Peter to the state. What does that mean? Yeah. This was transferred or Converted from, what is Li Pound Swedish?


So, okay. 1830, the salt Peter tax ceased entirely. The farmers were required to have wooden floors in the barns in order for this salt peter formation to take place. They were required to have wooden, this is crazy. The peasants complained about these impositions and about the visits of the suds. This simmering lasted annually from May 1st to September 29th. The simmering consisted continued for six to seven days or until an egg could float on the surface. At this time, lime and ash were added, which caused, which caused the, included common salt to crystallize and be, could thus be removed. The whole thing was then allowed to cool down to about 25 degrees.


When the salt Peter began to crystallize the raw salt, Peter was then transported to the gunpowder mills. The boilers had the, to have the right fu to take fuel for the cooking Is the simmer. Does that mean that they made like a, a little pond of pea urine and then They poured chemicals on it? Well, So it sounds like they had a Is a little pack. I don't know what it would be. It says it's simmering, but like, Well, they must have had a VA of it. They must have had like a big cauldron of piss. That's The Piss dirt that they cooked until you could float an egg on the surface. Oh. Oh, dude. What, Bro, how did someone figure it out? To your point, how We're so lucky we live now. Oh my God, I Don't wanna live in the time where I got pissed on the dirt to make gun the powder.


The way people are gonna be saying that about the in the future, about this time. God, that's true. Thank God we didn't live in a time where they were fucking, the whole country was at war of the stupidest shit. Yeah. And controlled by this media. It wasn completely controlled by corporations and everybody was being gaslit and people willingly gaslit themselves. I've always, I've always felt the one, You know, if you could try to guess, like, like just say if we survive and things improve morally, like what we would look back on and be like, holy shit, they, yeah. And the, the two to me were always, was always war and prison and especially like nonviolent, You know, like Yeah. Prisoners like, but even violent prisoners, you'd almost think like, well they didn't figure anything else out.


Right? Like, they didn't figure anything else out other than, but the idea of like putting non-violent, like victimless criminals in a fucking cage, right? Like human beings, you just throw them in a cage. It's slavery, dude. Not just that, but you profit off of it. Yeah. So you have private prisons that are actually a corporation that lobby to make sure that certain laws stay on the books so that you could keep your prisons stocked with live people that are essentially batteries that generate money for you. And, and just the fact that that's still going on while we have all of these technological advancements and You know, like if you go, You know, you go down to like St.


Jude's or something like that and they're like, dude, they have all of this technology because all of these brilliant people are here to save babies' lives. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like that's going on. Yeah. And then also there's war still. Yeah. Like we haven't figured out a different way. Like everybody doesn't just agree like, listen obviously to just go on mass slaughter campaigns and have nothing but destruction is in nobody's interest. So here's how we're gonna solve. Right. These conflicts, like, it's just, it does seem that like if if human beings survive for another a hundred years and, and we, You know, are at a higher moral level, we would look back at that, the way we look back at, You know, witch hunts or a hundred percent or like slavery or something like that, and be like, that's insane, insane, insane.


That people were so evil, You know, that they would like, they could do such, such evil stuff and Then we could do such evil stuff in the age of information. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like very hard. And maybe, maybe we are like moving in that direction where, You know, it does seem for sure, I think that the fact that the war, the war in Gaza has had more images come out of it than any other conflict. Yes. That's a huge part of the reason why there's so much protest against, Right. The technology that's everywhere. Everyone has a cell phone Very hard, very hard. Yeah. I think me and you might have talked about that last time I was on, right? But it's like even the war in Iraq, which is not ancient history, You know, it was, it was still going on. I mean, secondly, we still got troops there now, right?


But like the video footage that would come out would be like, You know, it almost looked like a firework like kind of exploding, which is, that's easy to see and root for, You know what I mean? Right. Like, yeah, good guy's kicking ass. But when you're seeing a baby being pulled out of rubble who is just suffocated to death, oh, that's Tough. Dude. Tents on fire. They were hit by missiles. That's, That's really, really tough, dude. Yeah. It's really tough to find a way. Oh, there's still people out there who will find a way to try to justify it, but it's tough. It's, it's much tougher. But That's sort of the divide today. The divide today is ob objective reality versus what have you been saying?


There's objective reality versus you have a narrative. The narrative is Israel has to David defeat Hamas. Hamas is using human shoulders, human shields rather. That's the narrative. The objective reality is blown apart children. Yeah. And not just one. Yeah. Like tens of thousands of innocent people dead. Dude, I was just, I was just watching this, this interview, I'm blanket on the doctor's name, but it was Dave Decamp was interviewing him, who's by the way, phenomenal, one of the best reporters in the, in the country. Decamp Dave, D-E-C-A-M-P. Dave is his Twitter handle. He's phenomenal. I'll follow him right now. How about that? He, he's great dude. He's great. He's one of, he's, he's over at anti-war dot com.


He's what? Like Scott Horton's guy, by the way, my guy Scott Horton just, just gave you Jamie a copy of the book. Yes. Unprovoked is, is gonna be out, I think in the next week or so. I'm sorry, provoked, I don't mean to say unprovoked. It's provoked book.com, the best book written on the, the history of the Ukraine Russia conflict and how America just blew it at every single opportunity. Anyway, so he, so Dave Decamp was interviewing this guy who's a doctor. He's an American who went over to Gaza. He was a doctor and he had been, there was a big piece in the New York Times written about this where he said that every day that he was there, every single day they'd see they'd treat toddlers with bullets to the head that they were just constantly seeing this.


And then he says that he also talked to a whole bunch of other 'cause. So his working theory on this was, but when he first started seeing this, so he's in this one area in Gaza, and he was embedded there for a few months working at a hospital. And he figured there was like some lone sadistic sniper out there, You know what I mean? Like, these things happen in war. But then he started talking to doctors from all other points of Gaza who were there at all different times who all said the same thing, that they're getting toddlers with bullet. And then when the New York Times published this, they, a bunch of people who were defending Israel started being like, this isn't true, blah, blah, blah. The Israeli most moral fighting force in the world. So he published the X-rays.


He's like, okay, You know, I'm a doctor. I have the X-rays right here. And he published them. It's just 100% is happening. And like, it's just So what is happening? I mean, Israel's been on a mass slaughter campaign of a captive people for over a year now. You know, And they're shooting babies, Evidently. I mean, there's, there's a doctor who's, he's an American, he's claiming it happened and he has x-rays. So yeah, it seems like that's what's going on there. And I mean, look, I, it's, it's obviously just so horrific, man. The whole thing is, so, it's, it's really amazing to me the way to watch the way people will rationalize and justify what Israel's doing.


It takes so much mental gymnastics and it's always gotta like rely on, You know, it just, it lets You know, it's like, oh, So I get it. You see? It's like, oh, how human beings through all of human history have had slavery and, and genocides and ethnic cleansing campaigns. And at every step there's someone there who's willing to justify it and explain why we have to do this. Because this is the only way. And really we're acting in defense. That's what they all claim. That's what the Nazis claim. It's what they all claim. They're really acting in defense. Jesus Christ. But again, we're gonna look back on this time, the way people look back on concentration camps, the way people look back on the Mongol campaign, the way people look back, oh yeah, the Inquisition.


We're gonna go, how, how did they do this? How, How are you allowed to just like, and it's a, it's amazing the way people can com compartmentalize it too. You know what I mean? Like it could just be like, Hey, you, there's somebody who could be a totally loving dad and a good husband and all like that, but then can go to war and commit like unspeakable horrors on other people. Yeah. It's just like they put that over here. You know, it's very hard to, to think about that or understand it. But it is, Unless you talk to someone who's done it and they're, yeah. It's, this is one of the most important things, the messages that I want to get to Trump. And one of the things that I am excited that Bobby Kennedy is interested in this as well, is psychedelic therapy for veterans.


Yeah. I think if there's a way to understand the benefits of psychedelic therapy for everybody, the real pathway is through veterans who I think are the most needing of it. The most deserving of it, the most, the, the most neglected in terms of the, the just the horrors that they experience and having to carry this around their mind. And that there iss a way that many people have experienced relief and it's not available to them. And it's not something that's dangerous. It's not something that's addictive. You literally can't, you can't even eat enough psilocybin to kill yourself. It's not even, oh yeah, you can't do it. No. Wouldn't be able to consume it. Impossible. So why? And it's, and it's been demonstrated to really help at Least a lot.


And here's what's most important. All of it became illegal in the sweeping psychedelics act of 1970. It wasn designed by the Nixon administration so that they could demonize anti-war protestors so they could, they could arrest anti-war protestors, civil rights protestors, the Black Panthers. They made all that stuff illegal because all these counterculture people were all using that to completely change Yeah. The programming that they received in society. Think About the irony of that. Like the deep, deep irony that they made this stuff illegal because they thought if it was out there, they wouldn't be able to get their wars. So they make it illegal and they get their wars. And then it turns out that this is the thing that helps the people that are traumatized coming back from war.


But you can't have it 'cause it's illegal. Well it's the clearest shift in culture is that irony. It's something like that. It's, it is irony. It is irony because it's the pathway to help for a lot of these guys that come back. You ask them to do unspeakable things in modern society that are against the law and you force them to do it. You go force them to go kill people. They see their friends killed. Yeah. And then they come back here and there's no tools when there are tools. So, but they have to go to Mexico to utilize these tools. They have to go to Costa Rica and the Amazon. They have to go to all these different places because it's illegal in the very place that sent them over there to Yeah. The very place that tells them it's legal for you to go kill people that you've never met. But it's not legal for you to take psilocybin. That might help you get over the fact that you killed people.


Yeah. It's a, I know my, my buddy Michael Heiss, who, he just started a media company called Dissident Media. He's been big on this. This is like, he's like an activist who's been working on like the decriminalization of psilocybin for, for years. And that's one of the major reasons 'cause it helps these soldiers so much. We need To be kinder, all of us to each other. We need to at this moment in time especially, and I've, I've seen a lot of people saying we have to just accept the results, which I think is wonderful. We do have to accept the results, but also we have to remember that we are one team. This is team u s a and there's plenty of room for everybody. We all want the same things. We all want to be healthy, wanna, we wanna protect our loved ones.


We wanna be safe and we wanna prosper. Everybody wants the same thing. You want to be able to do what you want. You want to be able to have a happy life and a healthy life. This is the one shot that we get at this experience. We can all do this together. We can all do this. And one of the ways that people can come to these conclusions and realize that we're all connected is through psychedelics. I'm not saying that they're a perfect pathway. I'm not saying that it's good for everybody. I think it's dangerous for some people, particularly people that have a hard time with regular reality. If regular reality is slippery for you, if you have psychiatric conditions, maybe that's not the thing for you. But for most of us, it would benefit us. And we should have been exploring this. And it was stopped 54 fucking years ago by a corrupt government that wanted to squash anti-war protests.


Yeah. That car that I showed you when I was explaining to you such A cool car, That car exists because of drugs. Yeah. The ones afterwards suck. Yeah. The reason why the ones afterwards suck is that's a 1969 Nova. When you get into the 1970s cars turned to dog shit. It's exactly after they cut off the psychedelics. No one's making a good car on cocaine. You need the psychedelics to make a cool car. Exactly. Yeah. All the designs, they all turn to shit. Yeah. The classic cars are cars from the sixties and the seventies and the early seventies. That's what people want. Nobody wants eighties cars. Yeah. They don't want 'em, they're worth nothing. Like nobody gives a shit about 'em. It's very S fun In 1969 Corvette, you look at it, you're like, whoa, look at that thing.


Because their designers were doing drugs, man. Yeah. They were wild people were doing, there were artists, the music, look at the music between the 1960s and then go into the 1980s like, what the fuck happened? Yep. We had Hendricks and the Doors and the Beatles. We had this wild experimental stuff. And Yeah. Then if you've ever done psychedelics, you listen to that music and you're like, oh, I know what inspired this. Oh yeah, this is pretty easy to tell the Entire Grateful Dead catalog, It's all come On Psychedelically inspired and you almost have to be on psychedelics to appreciate them. That all was squashed by this desire to stop people from protesting in a horrible, unjust war.


Yeah. And look, man, I mean that, I think that's a great message to get to Trump. Like let these guys, like they were, they were like the bravest amongst us who got totally tricked and bribed and propagandized into going to these wars and then they come back and they're blowing their brains out by the tens of thousands. Yeah. And there's just something that might help. Yeah. That is very low risk of, of almost no risk of Like It actually hurting And it really might help No risk of addiction. But even Better than that man would just be, keep us outta these wars. Keep us outta these fucking, let's Not let fighter man. Let's, let's just, and look, I will say this, this is one of the things that I'm really optimistic about is that, of that team that we were talking about earlier, that Donald Trump's got around him.


You know, all those people like Elon Musk and, and the Ro Swami and JD Vance and, and Tucker Carlson and, and all these guy David Sachs. David Sachs is probably the best. They're so good on Ukraine. Every one of 'em. Like, they're all just like, yeah, no, this makes no sense. This is a such a clear cut situation where you could easily make a deal. Vladimir Putin, and I know I've talked about this on past shows, and anybody go listen to those and go read Scott Horton's amazing book provoked. But just to, just very quickly it is all but accepted at this point. Nobody's even debate. When I first came on the first podcast that we talked about Ukraine s a few years ago now, when I said, oh, there was a peace deal, like it wasn agreed to in principle by Ukraine and Russia.


And then Boris Johnson came in to on behalf of the US to make sure they didn't negotiate a piece and kept the war going. And there were a bunch of people who were like, oh, that's not true, and blah, blah blah. And there's, and now it's just been totally like, like that 100%. I was right about that. They had a peace deal worked out. And then since then, the, the guy whose name I always butcher, but it's Norwegian, So I don't know how to s sold Burger, the head of nato. He came out and said, and he was bragging, but he goes, You know, Vladimir Putin before he invaded Ukraine, told us that if we just put it in writing, that we would not bring Ukraine into NATO that he wouldn't invade. And we told him, no, 'cause we won't be bullied by you.


So he is like bragging about how they had an opportunity. All they had to do was say, we will not bring your biggest neighbor into our military alliance, which is very clearly against you. The most reasonable demand. Now I'm not saying it's reasonable that he invaded, that's not reasonable. Right. But the, It is a totally reasonable demand. If the US was to say, now Mexico can't be a part of China's military alliance, You know, like, And it seems super reasonable. So that's so he's got so many great people around him on that. But I don't, it's not exactly the same with the Israel Gaza war where he, it seems like a lot of the people around him are not so great on that. Some of them are, some of 'em are really good on that.


But I'm really hoping Organize a podcast with you, me and him. Now you're speaking my language. Let's go Dave Smith. Dude, let's do it. Let's go. I'll and listen, I I've been, I I've voted for him, I've been supporting him and stuff. Yeah. But I, You know, I think I would love to do that, but I just, whether it's me or not, I just hope that he gets the message through somehow that, and I know it's a complicated thing to, to navigate because Israel has a lot of influence on our government. And they've got, and he's got people like Vivek, Ramis Swami and Tucker Carlson who really are non interventionists and don't wanna see American taxpayer dollars being used to fund wars around the world, no matter who it's for. You know, like it's just like, hey, we're broke.


We got our own problems here and we can't afford to do this. But then he also has Mariam Adelson who cut him a hundred million dollars and is probably gonna give another a hundred or $200 million to congressional candidates in the next midterm election and all of this. And her, she is singularly focused on one issue. And that issue is that we always unconditionally and unwaveringly support Israel no matter what they're doing. We're gonna set up that conversation. Let's do it, bro. Gonna set that up. Dave Smith, you're a fucking national Trevor Treasure. You, you really are. You're a national treasure. You're, you're so important. And the fact that you can talk about these things, you have such great recall, but you're also funny.


It's so important. You know, I'm so happy you're out there. Well, thank you. And that means a lot to me, particularly just 'cause it's coming from you, dude. And I'm like, dude, I've been so goddamn impressed with you since well before I ever knew you. And I'll tell you after the last couple weeks, dude. I'm like, I, I just can't even believe it. I can't even believe it's real, dude. But thank you. Thank you for having me again. My pleasure. And anytime we'll do it again. Thanks. Hell dude, we wrapped it up. Alright, bye everybody.