
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all Day Dog. These are like conversation condoms, aren't they? Yeah. A little bit. Well, it's like a, A safe room blocks out the world. Yeah. Conversation only exists inside your ears. You know, Lockie in I I think it locks you in. Yeah. That's what I like about it. Yeah. It's almost like a football player kind of putting on their helmet. Right. Ready to go. Ready To go. You like, we're ready for this? Yeah. Yo, How fun was election night at the Mother Shipp? It was baffling, man. I mean, here, I'll tell you it was, I mean, it was crazy.


It Wasn so much fun. We had such a good time. That Green Room was so positive. My favorite part. At one point they were playing that song. You talk about a revolution and people were dancing, people were smoking weed. There was a ba I think there was a baby smoking weed people. There was, everybody was like, people were Like, it was crazy, dude. It felt Adam and Eve were in there. It wasn. There was just a lot going on. It felt like America's brighter. That's what it felt like. We were, we were moving towards this insane world where we're being controlled by liars. We're just being gaslit left and right. We saw it. All of the media, we saw it all over the news.


Things that were right in front of your face. They're trying to deny. There's just so much craziness. And then all of a sudden the world spoke. Did you see the map of the actual country? Like how many places? I've seen it before Actually vote, voted, read. Oh no. I don't know if I saw that or not. It's Just a few cities. Even California was mostly read. That's what's crazy. We had, I don't know if I saw that. I'm trying to think of what I saw. There's a, there's a, oh, Tony was nervous. Remember Tony's better be fucking nervous, Dude.


I kept just going up to him and going, least Navi died. Fucking get his vibe. Look at That. Oh wow. This is the one I saw Jamie else send this to you. It's got music to it. This was like when I got that hair surgery, You know what I'm talking about? They played Music in the background. No, but it looks like that pattern. Let me See that again. Yeah. It looks a lot like that. Like a transplant. Yeah. Mi micrographs. Yeah. That's what it Looks like, man. So what I sent you, Jamie, it just shows like the entire country. Did I show you?


Look at that. That's crazy. Oh, that's interesting. That's Crazy. There's no blue. Say it's just blue cities. Well then why do you think that that the, why do you think the cities and states are so much different than, well, Cities are always gonna be blue. It's normal. It, there's a lot of factors. One of 'em is you have massive populations of people. Right. And you, when you have massive populations of people, a lot of times it's based around universities. Like Los Angeles is slightly different because Los Angeles has universities. But really it's like more around Hollywood, which is equally delusional. But most big cities are flavored by a university like Austin is flavored by the University of Texas.


Yeah. Is why Austin is progressive. Austin is for people that don't know outside of Texas, Austin is one of the most progressive cities. Like if you look at, we voted in Austin. The city of Austin voted more for Kamala Harris than the city of Los Angeles did. Oh wow. Really? Yeah. Higher percentage of Democrats voted for Kamala Harris than even Los Angeles. Well, I think a lot, it seems like a lot, like a lot of Democrats. I don't know, like a ton about politics, but it seems like a lot of Democrats. Like it's, I understand the, a lot of the voting, 'cause it's hopeful voting. It's like wishful thinking. Well, they're, they're feeding off of narratives. Like, you're a good person if you believe this.


But the consequences are what they're ignoring. The pretending that the economy's in a great place. That's crazy. Talk to anybody who's broke. Talk to anybody who's struggling to pay for bills and groceries. Talk to anybody who's trying to buy a car that the economy's bananas right now. It's sketchy. Very sketchy. And it, a lot of it is, Yeah, people are robbing each other on Facebook marketplace. A Lot of it's recovering from Covid. I'm sure a lot of, I mean, there's probably a lot of blowback from that. I mean, they shut the whole fucking country down, which is just so nuts. It wasn insane, man. I think that's one of the like, but yeah, I mean, yeah. People are robbing each other on Facebook marketplace. My buddy was gonna buy a couple walkie talkies off a guy. Right. Gets fucking mugged.


Right. Really? Yeah. He's gonna buy a couple of, So he meets the guy to go get the walkie talkies. Yeah. And the guy mugs Him. That's like the seventh story I've heard. But it's like, You know, people are doing crime. You know, people are resorting the crime and that's when it's not good. I feel like, You know, when, well, Not just that when People are resorting to crime, This administration did that I think is terrible. And this is a progressive liberal thing, is that you have these das, these George Soros funded das that just let people out for violent crime and get the no cash bail thing. And when there's no repercussions for crime, guess what? Crime goes way the fuck up. Oh yeah. If I'm a criminal and they're like, Hey, it's crime time or whatever. Yeah. I'm gonna fucking put on my cleats or whatever.


I'm gonna get out there. You know, You're gonna go to jail and you're just gonna get released. Yeah. It's like catch and release. It's almost like the fishing rules or whatever. Like if you go trout fishing in the lake, I mean, a Little bit. You fly, you're a fly fisherman. You used to be a cop, now you're a fly fisherman with S you have a pair of Nikes on the hook. Yeah. You put them out there. Yeah. Those fishermen, they use barbless hooks and then they let the fish go. I went fly fishing recently. Yeah. Yeah. Man. Did you have a good time? It, it, it, yeah. You know what I did? I, I thought it was like, lemme think about what I thought it was like, it's The more sophisticated way to go fishing. Yes. It was like, Hey, excuse me, fish.


Yes. Gentle cast. Yes. It was like, hey, It also requires a lot more skill. Well, it require, requires more patience for sure. You can't, like, like if you have a kid or whatever, you can't do it like you. Right. Like, if you're just fishing on the bank, you can have your kid and he can be sitting there smoking or whatever your kid likes to do. You know? But if you, if you're in that, you have to constantly be moving it. Right. You know, it's very kind of like, it's kind of homo erotic almost. It's like, Hey, fish or whatever. Yeah. Oh, It's flailing. It's like, Hey Phil. It's gentle. I think so. Yeah. Do you seen those guys? Oh my God.


It's like, Hey fish, I'm over here. I'm over here, boys. Well, the least sophisticated form of fishing is like a bobber with a worm on it. Yeah. Yeah. Right. That's the least you throw it out there. But that's some of the most fun fishing. 'cause that bobber starts moving. You're like, oh shit. Yeah. Oh shit. I think we got one. Oh shit. It's Like, jaws all of a sudden, Bro. Fishing is so Exciting. Yeah. My grandma used to take us fishing, dude. And she would, she was like a malignant fisherman or whatever. And she would degenerate. Yeah. Like very malignant. She was like a staunch fisherman, like staunch, like, we're fishing, You know. Oh, aggressive. You better not fucking not fish. You know? Really? She would like, kind of have that kind of behavior. Yeah. Wow. She was very, you better fucking fish white boy.


Whoa. You know, she would kind of be like that. Yes. Very aggressive. Right. About Fishing for little kids. Yeah. Very strange. And we'd have to be quiet and look straight out and wait for the bobber. But she was really, she loved to fish. Did she love to eat fish? Yep. She liked to skin them and, and grill 'em and everything. Yeah. Yeah. It was cool. What kind of fish? Mostly catfish, bullheads. We used to fish up in like Spoon River up in like Illinois. Did you Guys use like chicken liver for Yep. Yeah. We would get out there. We'd have a little thermos full of chicken liver. Yeah. Chicken liver works. Man. You know, my grandfather would say anything and she'd fucking look at him and he never, he wouldn't talk for a month after that. She was the Fisherman. She was The fisherwoman. Yeah. She was, she loved to fish.


I think she liked, she liked catching her own meals even, You know, she didn't like to hunt, but she liked to fish. What's that fucking dude's name? The chubby dude that dressed up like the devil. And everybody got mad. He's a singer. Sam. What's that? Sam Smith. Sam Smith. Yeah. He, he said he wanted to be a fisher. Them. Oh gosh. Not a fisherman. A fisher. A fisher Sheen. A fisher them. Yeah. That's wild. The, the they them thing is the, that's the best evidence you need that people are outta their fucking minds. You can't be plural. You fucking idiot. Stop. Well, the only thing I think it's like, it's almost


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin. And it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America. And 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks us based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jr e and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. E terms apply.


If you're being plural, you're, I don't understand it. Like, if you're being plural, are you being like, there's more of me kind of like, that's what I don't understand. Is it like an ego trip? Like that's, You know, like that's what I don't understand about the, It's just a way to be unique and it's a way to be in a marginalized community if you're just a regular person. Yeah. So like, if you're a regular white person, you're at the lower end of the social hierarchy amongst woke, woke people. But if you're queer or non-binary, now you're in a protected group. Not Buddy's queer actually. Nice. What does he have to do to be queer? Nothing. He's cool. He's just, he doesn't, yeah, he didn't like send you an email update or whatever.


He's just, Did he update his Twitter pronouns? No. He's just like a, Just decides He's queer. Yeah. He's like a secret. Not secret. He's like, I, he just like a, or I don't even what they call it. I gotta look at the chart or whatever. What is, what is queer these days? 'cause when I was a kid, queer was gay. If someone was queer, they're gay. Or if you got punched in the head, then you're on queer Street. It was like everything was confusing. Queer was confusing. Okay. And then queer became gay somewhere along the line. But now I think queer is whatever you want it to be. Yeah. You could be gay, bi straight, and then you could be pansexual.


Which is And what is that Exactly? That's what Wayne Brady is. He's pansexual. He Came out Damn. Came out as pansexual. I don't know what that means. I can barely handle whatever I am, dude. To be real honest, bro, it's also new. Whatever I am, bro. It keeps jerking off at night and being afraid to talk to women. So whatever that one is, that's what I'm Proud. You're theo sexual. Oh, it's fucking getting kind. Heady, man. Yeah. You're theo Sexual. Why are you afraid to talk to the women? No, I Don't know. I, You know, I get, I, I I, I think I get afraid to, like, I just, I've always, I always got afraid to approach, approach women. You know? Really? Yeah. But wow, you're a handsome fellow.


You're funny, you're successful. I don't know. I think something I just childhood Shit. Yeah, probably. There's so like, You know, just, yeah. Like, I just, I would just be so fucking nervous buddy. You know, when I Oh, when I was a kid, I would be so nervous. Hmm. I would, yeah. I would be so nervous. Which is interesting that you got into standup comedy, which makes people really fucking nervous. Well, I think I was familiar with being nervous, so that didn't affect me. Oh, interesting. Because you're nervous all the time. You're like, fuck it, I'll just go be nervous in front of all these people. Oh, the audience is the, when you're on stage, the audience is just a woman. Oh. Like, you're just trying to get 'em to like, you, You're just trying to get Yeah.


You're like, how do we get this to work out? You know? I, I get you to like me more. Who do I have to be? I was, Dude, the other night was crazy. Sorry, I cut you off going No, No, go ahead. I got nothing, man. No. The other night was crazy. This week's been cra It's just been a crazy week. Yeah. You know, it's been a crazy week, man. It was interesting because at the beginning of the night, no one knew what was gonna happen. So you're watching the first results roll in and there's like this weird thing, and then Trump gets way ahead, but you're like, you don't want to like get too hopeful. Like how far ahead he in? He said I hit by a hundred points. That seems like a lot. Yeah. And you're like, what is it? And some channels are like, and then every channel's kind of different. Yeah. They had different numbers.


I was getting a different number off my Apple News update than I was getting off of CNN. And then I was texting people like Tulsi and JD Vance. I was getting a different, apparently Elon created an app and he knew who won four hours before the results. So as the results were coming in before four hours before they called it, Dana White told me, Elon was like, I'm leaving. It's over Donald one. He just fucking, he just fucking, somehow or another, I'm gonna go back into my pod and evaporate. It's like, I don't know what he's getting, where he is pulling his data from, but he had like, the most accurate data in terms of the rural states hadn't put the results in yet.


But yet Trump was ahead in these states. Kabul's never gonna win those states. So tabulated that. Wow. And like, put it all together. I I don't know how he did it. Yeah. But Dana told, I don't even, I don't even talk to Elon about this. I don't know, like the Dana translation, but Dana said he had an app and he was like showing them. He's like, it's over. He fucking left. Dude just left. It's over. John Jones won saying that. He Just fucking left, Dude. Yeah. I mean, the whole thing's crazy to me. I'm so happy for, my biggest thing was I was so happy for Bobby Kennedy, man. Yeah. Because he's the only person that I super know, like, as a human. You know, he's been a buddy of mine for years, and I've just known that he's a, like, I trust him.


Like you, it's almost like you have, you have people that You know, and that are good people. It's like, yeah, I have to trust my own instincts at some point and know I know him. Right. You know, he's a, he's a somebody I would vouch for. Right. You know, he's a good guy. And he's been helpful to me. Like in, in moments where I have, have, have struggled as a person and just been inspirational to me, You know, it's like I know him, You know, like a friend. And so, so that's, I think like it wasn something I was like super excited about just to see where everybody was like, screw this guy. Yeah. You know? And to see him have a arc where it's like, 'cause all he ever cared about to me, and I don't know, this is just my opinions, dude.


Some people, everybody has own opinions and I'm, I'm an idiot. But, but he had, he always cared about like the rivers and the environment, You know? And then he started, didn't care about the environment inside of our bodies. Right. So for me, that all makes sense. Right. Right. And so like, well, You know where it all happened from. Right. I Was super like, it wasn, I was super excited about, do You know how he made the transition to being worried about pharmaceutical drugs? He would give these speeches and he, he litigated a bunch of lawsuits against corporations that were polluting rivers. They cleaned up the East River, like he was an environmental attorney. And they were also talking about the effects of mer mercury poisoning in the soil and water.


And these women kept coming to these things that he was doing and saying, you need to investigate mercury in vaccines. And, You know, he thought like, that is like, which most people think you hear vaccine. Like the last thing I wanna be labeled is a vaccine skeptic. Jesus Christ. A vaccine denier. That's like, I mean, we talked about this yesterday, but it's like Holocaust Deni number one, but vaccine denier and election denier are like right under there. Yeah. And he started looking into it, particularly the MMR vaccines and, and the correlation between the uptick of all these autoimmune issues, autism spectrum disorders, all these different things that coincided directly with the increase in the vaccine schedule for kids.


And so then he starts doing research on it, and the more he does research on it, the more it gets uncovered that there's this gigantic machine that's protecting all of this. Because there's so much money that's being generated. And most of it has to do with, during the Reagan administration, they, they gave them immunity to prosecution, so they couldn't, there were no longer liable for, for whatever side effects the vaccines ca caused. Caused. Yeah. That's that's pretty wild. Yeah. And then of course, these motherfuckers started giving little kids, little babies that were just born Hep B VI vaccines. Like, what are you doing? Like that's a a you get that from needles and sex. Yeah. This is a Fucking thing. Unless it's Pam Anderson's baby dude, I wouldn't, I wouldn't put anything in that kid, You know, and no, if, I don't even know if she has any kids or not.


And I love Tommy Lee. I shouldn't have, I don't know how else said, said That. Well, you fucked up. I already done, dude, that's A joke. What are you gonna do? It's a fucking joke. Yeah. Sorry. Everything's okay. I Feel the same way about Bobby. I don't know him as well as I know Tulsi though. Tulsi is, yeah. I don't know her. Tulsi Iss a good friend of mine. I love her. She's great. She's an awesome person. She's like a, a legitimate, awesome person. You know that lady? She served as a congresswoman for eight years and the whole time she was like, she was against this divide of right versus left. She was always trying to be cool with everybody. She served overseas. She was deployed overseas in a mil in a medical unit, man. So she was helping people that got blown up by the war. Mm. Twice. That's where she got that crazy white streak in her hair.


That all really, yeah. That all came from the stress of being overseas, working in a medical unit. She, Wow. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I guess can stress be that compartmentalized inside of you And it comes out like that? Huh? Oh, Your body's, you, you can't imagine, You know, I was just talking to my friend Bruce about this last night. Who's a cop in Austin. We were talking about the amount of death that most police officers see and the, the stress that has on you. And what he was telling me is, you take like a cop that has like 20 years in the job. They, what they see is probably 10 x what the average soldier who's deployed sees. Mm. Because you're seeing murder all the time. You're seeing car accidents all the time.


Suicide. Yeah. All the time. Domestic violence. All the time. All the time. You're pulling people over. You never know if you're gonna get shot. He goes, most of these guys are fucked up because they're just constantly seeing this stuff. Constantly. Oh yeah. I'd be at home, I'd hear if somebody opened a jar of Pringles and I'd fucking pull on 'em, You know? Yeah. You, you hear that top Pop? Yeah. Yeah. What's going on? What is happening? Dude, we had a police officer on a few years ago, or about a year ago. Can you look this up, Jamie? Is it okay to ask you to look something up? Yeah, sure. Sure. Okay. It's a police officer. How long ago? Yes. This got retired Police officer, Sergeant Brad White.


This guy was super unique. He lived in Los Angeles. But he told this story. He, he, he was, he didn't have any political thoughts. He just told stories of what it was like being a police officer. And he told the story of his first day on the job. They're chasing a guy. The guy runs into traffic, gets hit by a vehicle and killed. Right. So even as a, just a human being like right, you're, you're just doing a job, but then you're like trying to compartmentalize or, or how do You know, what effect did I have on this? What are my, You know, like Right. He told this story of a mother had called and said that her son was, was thinking about committing suicide.


Right. The mother meets him in the yard. He shows up. He's, he's a police officer. It's his in, outside of Los Angeles, I think in Whittier police department. I could be wrong. He shows up, the mom meets him outside. They see the sun comes into the doorway. Right. It's like a, a glass door with another door behind. It kind of takes his own life. Right. Right. Kills himself. Everybody right in front of them. So now he's standing there with the mom. Oh my God. Now he has to go. He has to go. He has to console the mother then go inside of the home. He walks inside the door won't open. 'cause the man's body is there. Right. It's, he's having trouble getting it open.


Even just that moment he gets it open. Something falls off of the ceiling down the back of his shirt. And it's part of the guy, his brain matter. He had shot himself on the ceiling. So I know that's graphic and stuff, but, and then for the next three or four hours, he has to take care of this scene with this little feeling between his bat wings or whatever the, whatever. What is that bulletproof vest? No, inside of your body. Shoulder blades. Shoulder blades. S Yeah. And it brain matter. Yeah. And it's just like, that's just a regular guy. You know, he might not even have finished college or something.


You know, it's like, so just the baffling amount of stuff that police go through. Anyway, I was trying to just like, those are stories that stuck with me when I, when I spoke with that guy, it was like unbelievable. It's just conveniently ignored by most people who will never be police officers. And then it wasn one of the more offensive things about the George Floyd thing. All this defund the police shit where people rose up and were saying defund the police. And I mean defund the police and Kamala Harris was one of them. She was out there tweeting, defund the police. And because of that crime just ramped up in certain communities. And so many people wanted the police back. But it didn't, it's, You know, it's a long process to try to, and to this day, the most of these cops don't have good morale.


They still have this, this feeling of defund the police was just a couple of years ago. Yeah. It's hard to get people to be cops now. They don't want that fucking job. And why would they, it's a fucking hard job. Yeah. And they don't even, I think the highlight, like they usually, they used to play like softball in our area against like the fire department. It wasn like the highlight of it. You know, it was like having like competition, You know. But I don't even, like if you defund them, they're not even super funded. You don't ever see a cop with like a boat or, You know what I'm saying? Like you don't A ball or cop. Yeah. You Don't see a fucking, yeah. Right. If you think about how hard that job is, like hard jobs should pay more.


Right. Yeah. Dude. You know, like what is the, I think if you paid them too much though, then they just quit. Like, I got enough. I'm out. Yeah. I don't know if you talk, Because like what's harder being a rapper or being a cop, it's fucking way harder being a cop. Oh yeah. I think. Yeah. 'cause But Rappers get paid way more. That's true. Cops just, I think a lot of cops will start making albums from their cars. You know? But there really should be some, there should be a great producer that goes on a ride along with a police officer. This gonna happen. Watch and makes a dope track with a cop. Right. And the, and you could make a dope and you'd have so much great visuals. Right. And the proceeds go towards supporting the police department.


Yeah. Like the cop could like be saying shit from behind the wheel. And you can sample that. Yeah. Sample that and turn it into songs. We got 'em. And pursuit in Pursuit. Different codes. Different codes. 51 50. Yeah. Isn't that when someone's crazy? Oh yeah. That's crazy right there. That's 50. I think 44. Look. Is this cop rap? What is this Grammy nominated rapper. Sacramento Police Officer Records. New deployment recruitment video. Pull Him up, man. Well, No, no. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I looked, I just figured there could have already been one. What's that? 51 50. What do you have To do to be a Grammy nominated? Grammy nominated doesn't impress me. Like Grammy winning.


That impressed me. Grammy nominated Dude. My Grammy No. Who Nominated you? Yeah. My Grammy will nominated anybody She liked traveling Wilbury. You didn't she? I mean, I didn't. I mean, if my grandfather showed up and said, hey, they're good. I respect that a little bit more. But that's just me. You know. Lainey Wilson, I love, she's great. Red Clay Strays. Steven Wilson Jr. They're Red Clay strays are great. They're good, huh? Yeah, there's good music out now. It's a good time for music because like you could find things so easily, You know? Yeah. You don't have to wait for the radio. You just find stuff. Yeah. People send you stuff like in the green room all the time. Someone will play something like go, what is this? And it Shazam it. Like, oh shit.


It's nice. I mean, that Shazam thing, that feature is so huge. Yeah. You know, on Google Pixel phones, there's an option to just have it on all the time. So anytime a song is playing, you can look down on your phone or it'll tell you what song's playing Uhuh. I didn't know it. Do they Still do that? I think that's still a feature. I think it's only on the Google Pixel. What was I thinking about? I feel all over the place today. Joe, you ever feel like that? Oh Yeah. I open your life. Been sleeping. I haven't been sleeping. Yeah. I didn't sleep well. Two Days in a row. I didn't sleep the night of the election. I could not sleep. I got home. I was wired and I just Did you Jerk off or not That night? No, no. I just sat in front of the tv. I was watching professional pool sitting in front of the tv.


I called Dave Smith. Me and Dave Smith talked on the phone at like three 30 in the morning. Yeah. And then I finally went to bed and my wife woke up. She's like, what happened? Who won? And I was like, Trump won a landslide. You're like the Spurs. And then she Was up. I'm like, And it was a landslide. Like It was a crazy landslide. It was the red wave that everybody thought was gonna happen in 2022. Hey Jamie, I'm hearing more and more about what we talked about yesterday, about the amount of people that voted for Biden in 2020 versus the amount of people that voted for anybody in 2016. And for anybody in 2024 that they're still saying it was a giant jump. That's, that's what I see too.


A lot of people think it's bullshit. Could be a lot of, there's a lot of people that are getting super suspicious about the 2020 numbers because Biden got more votes than anybody by like 20 million. It's really crazy If you look at the chart. Well did, yeah. Did they say that the most people they'd ever seen at voting stations were this year? Yeah. That's what I, I don't know what the visual report is for this year, but then I get, this Is the most consequential election I think I've ever felt. For sure. For sure. The way people felt about it too. The people on the left thought they were convinced that Hitler was coming. They're convinced that some right wing authoritarians gonna come down and take away all your rights. And Well, that's a me, that's a, that's the media does that A hundred percent.


But 100% not what he was saying. Not what he did for four years in office. It's all the media and we're all victim of it a little bit. Because you won't defend him or support him if you hear all these things about him. 'cause then you're, you gotta defend the fact that no, he didn't really do that. He's not really a felon. There were only misdemeanors. Texas voter turnout falls in 2024 election despite record registration numbers. This is just Texas. Right. 61% cast ballots. Near 6% drop from the 2020 presidential race. But the, the difference in the numbers nationwide is what I'm interested in.


Because the nationwide numbers were pre, they're pretty consistent. Like through the entire, like if you look at 2012, it's consistent with 2016, which was also consistent with 2024. The anomaly is 2020. Yeah. In 2020 everything goes way up. Way up. Maybe. 'cause people were sitting at home and so bored and they said, they said much of Do you think Could be, could be Because it was during covid could be they, a lot of people weren't working. So they did have the opportunity to vote. Voting should be a national holiday. I agree. I don't understand. It's crazy that you give some people a complication. Like imagine if you have a shithead boss. You're like, I gotta vote.


Why did you vote early? Because I was working for you. Piece of shit. Yeah. Lemme go, lemme go vote. Yeah. I mean, they give Christopher Columbus as a holiday. Dude, fuck guy. The Lieutenant Dan of the 14 hundreds. That dude gets a fucking holiday. Okay. Yeah. Why don't you go read, but you don don't get what guy did, let's get rid of Christopher Columbus. They trained it to indigenous people's day. Like, and the indigenous people. Like thanks. After you wiped out 90% of us. Thanks for giving us a day. How about we keep that day? That's fine. But how about we have an election, national election holiday. We could do it one more holiday. Yeah. Celebrate. And it's a great day. People can rejoice and then I think cookouts. Yep. It would take a lot of stress off people too. It's like, today's also a day of celebration.


It's not this day that I have to sneak away from work and be sneaky or whatever. You Should have a paid and pee In my car. It should have be a paid holiday. Yeah. You should expect to have to pay your employees on the day that election comes. 'cause everybody should be able to go vote. That's what it should be. We should make it a, we'll talk to Trump about it. Making a nationally mandated hol holiday. I don't have his number. I don't know if, I mean, I, I, there's a guy in his department. I have his number. We could hook it up. I know some people. Yeah, dude. It was just, what a, I mean, just like, what a crazy week. Yeah. Very crazy. What, well, you were one of the first guys to have him on the podcast. Did you have any hesitancy of having 'em on at all?


My brother actually. My brother's, my brother's a lot smarter than me. And he said, Hey man, I just want you to think that there could be some reflection from people if you have him on. Right. Like, you could, people, some people could be upset about it. Right. You know, and I thought about that a little bit and I was like, well, I don't really like, I, I like, I don't know. You know, like I have political thoughts and beliefs and stuff like that. And it's like, it's hard to find a group that really embodies them. And if anything right now, for me, it seems like, I don't even feel like these new parties are the same as the old parties. They're not, it doesn't seem like this isn't Democrats and republic, this, there's something else trans morphing right now.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And so I thought, like, I thought, well, I think I'm, I just wanna be able to have a chance to talk to this guy. You know? And the main thing for me was like, like you talked about Dana White earlier. He's really, You know, I know that you guys work together and he, You know, I knew that Trump's brother suffered from addiction. Right. I knew that. Right. I, I or I heard that or something. I, and I looked into And it, And it was like, okay, he lost his brother. His brother died of addiction. So I was like, well that's interesting to me. You know, and I wish that people, I wonder if there's more to Donald Trump. Like, is there more of a way to talk with him about something that means, You know, try to get an emotional well, like more of an emotional well to him that seems than it seems like that's in the public.


Well, There was a thing, it wasn going on for a while where you were platforming people. This was the idea. Like if you had on a guy like Trump, you were platforming this bad person. This was, this was this thing. Yeah. I didn't think about that at all. But it's a, it's, it's an authoritarian way to regulate conversations that let You know more about people. And it's stupid because people don't want to have a nuanced perspective on anybody. Look, I'm sh this is one of the reasons why I wanted to talk to Kamala Harris. I'm like, I bet there's a person in there. I bet I can get to that person. Yeah. I wanted to find that person. I don't want to hear all the speeches. I don't want to hear. I was raised middle class. I don't wanna hear any of that shit. She's A roller skater. You know that. No, I would love to find that out.


Yeah. I would love to talk to her about all kinds of shit. I would. I literally said like, 'cause there was a few restrictions of things that didn't want to talk about, but I said, I don't give a fuck. I go get her in here. Like, whatever you wanna talk about. And they wanna know if I edit. I'm like, there's not gonna be any editing. There's no editing. Yeah. We're not gonna edit. But Yeah, that's the same thing they asked us. Is there an edit? You know? Yeah. I just wanted to talk. I just like, I feel like you give someone a couple of hours and you start talking about anything. I'm gonna see the pattern of the way you think I'm gonna see the way you process ideas. I'm gonna see whether or not you are calculated or whether you're just free. Yeah. Or are you comfortable with you or do you, are you projecting things like she's got 80 different accents.


How do you decide which one to pull out? Yeah. Like she's, She Buss out different accents depending on who she's talking to. Yeah. They should have made her talk to a bunch of Chinese folks. I would've loved to heard that accent. I wanna see what, You know, I do that too though. I like to meet people where they're at. Sure. You know, oh, if I see somebody else, You know, I'll be like, what's happening? My friend, You know, it's like, I like to meet people where they are, You Know? Yeah. She did one with the Latinos who she talked with a Latino accent. I'm like, this is wild. But she's a chameleon. But if you wanna be a successful politician, that's probably a good trait. I agree. You know, it's like a comedian that's always on. They kind of get annoying. But if you want to be a comedian, that's probably a good trait. You wanna be a politician.


You should probably be able to melt into your environment and sort of meld yourself with whatever these people want you to be. Yeah. You know? Yeah. I mean, But maybe not. Maybe it's just like the, I always feel like the environment of debates, the environment of interviews on television, the environment of anything you're doing in front of an audience, it's so fake. It's such a weird way to talk that you don't get a sense of who the person is. So like when I gotta see Trump on your, your podcast and you were talking about doing cocaine And it makes you like an owl. Oh God. It Was hilarious. It was hilarious. But it was like, you got a chance to see that guy as a person trying to figure out like, who is this psycho I'm sitting here talking to?


I remember that shit. I'll fucking make a nest in my living room. Dude. That shit. Boy, you'll fucking I'll scoot over the neighbors and steal some twine in my beat. Comey. Ah. There's nothing worse than being locked outta your place on cocaine. Man. That's, I can Only imagine You, You talking to him like as a person is like almost more valuable than any other kind of speeches he does. Because when he is in front of everybody talking about, we're gonna make America amazing, those are great speeches. But you don't, like she had an amazing speech when I was like, she could win was when she had that one speech about Donald Trump. Like scared to debate her. But he says all these things. But You know what, what I always heard, if you want to say something, say it to my face.


And the whole place went crazy. And she was laughing. I didn't see that. Oh, it was so good. It was her best speech for sure. And it was right when they decided that she was going to run for president. Maybe that is what, what got people Involved. So it, Biden Biden stepped down and she had one banger of a speech. She looked young and energetic and Like, It really made you feel like, oh, she's, this is going. Oh, she kind cute. She was hot. She was Younger. Yeah. She's Got, she's younger. She was a smoke Show. She's still all right. She got that thing on her. I bet. So the, You know what I'm saying? I do. You know, you were saying that's why it's so crazy because a Lot of brothers love her too. Everybody Seems to love her. Look, if the brothers Like It, she got that thing on her.


That's all I'm saying. You know? Understand. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. But like that one speech was almost enough for her to win. And if she just didn't talk other than speeches, but they would've done, they needed to do a better job of the speeches because every speech was the same. And the problem with that is we were talking about this, like the internet, you get to see that speech over and over again online. Like, and then people make compilations of speech And It looks right. And then the same thing. But It's like if someone goes to see your act, You know, they don't understand, like acts like to develop a bit. It takes months and months and months to really like put it together where it's like rock solid. Yeah. And you're gonna do it the same way or slightly different every night. And if someone comes to see you and goes, Theo so full of shit, man.


He told us the other day that it was just the other day. Yeah. But, but meanwhile, he said it three weeks later. It wasn't just the other day. It was three fucking weeks ago. Dude, You're Just, you're repeating the same shit. Shit. Yeah. So that's Yeah. You got too many leap years white boy. Yeah. Shit like that. Exactly. So that's what they feel about like a presidential candidate that's telling the same speech over and over. Well, hey, you're not supposed to go see all those speeches, But Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know? Yeah. But the thing is about Trump. Yeah. You're not following the Grateful Dead here. You know, Trump's like rambles. But Trump has a lot though. Trump has a lot that are repetitive. He does, but not in the same order. It's like gonna see a Grateful Dead show. It's like, fuck. It's all over the place. Yeah. You know, he's, when Trump gets out there, he just does Dougie.


Did you see? He accepted, he had this long winded speech about the rocket. It wasn Insane. Elon insane. Caught the rocket hill. It wasn insane, dude. I'm like, you just won the P Heat. Yeah. Edit that down. You can edit that down, down. That could be two minutes. Beautiful lines. I Was, I was worried about that in the very beginning of the podcast before we got cooking. When he was talking to me about Lincoln's bedroom, I was like, oh boy. Like wh where is this going? Like This? I went, I've been to Lincoln's bedroom. How Was it? It was okay. I think you can bring it up. Actually it's in Springfield, Illinois. Can, oh it is? No, he was talking about the one that's in the White House. Oh no. I've been to just his child. Before he got elected. You didn't go to his childhood home. Oh Wow. It's really interesting. He used to keep his notes in his hat.


Oh, it wasn a good move. Pretty cool. Had big ass hats back then. That head wallet baby. He had that. That on. That's a good move. Yeah, that's a good move. It's Credit cards behind your phone, that kind of thing. Except if you lose your phone, you lose everything. But You Ain't losing that big ass hat. It wasn long. Dude. Isn it crazy, man. You ever see like how many dudes wore like fancy hats back in the day? That shit just went away. It did. Imagine if you were a kid and you're growing up in a hat family, you are like, our family makes hats, bro. I'm bawling forever. Yeah. I'm gonna take over this business. And then no hats. If you watch, there's a great outside boxing match in Reno, Nevada between Jack Johnson and I think it's Jim Jeffries and I think this is Jim Jeffries.


Yes. Not that guy. Another one Not, it's not the, not The comedian. No, I'm talking about the murderer. No, maybe. I don't think So. I think it's just a boxer. Who was it? James Jeffries. So see if j Jack Johnson versus this is it, who was, who Killed the people with that Kool-Aid or whatever. Here's The thing, like when you, there's a video of all these folks that are walking like to the event and every man has a fucking hat on. Dude. Wow. They all look, they all have hats. Look, they all have fancy hats. Look at all these guys. They're taking off their hats, waving their hats. Men left the house with a fucking hat on. Wow. Look at this. Wow. Dude, they all have these fancy hats. What happened?


They're All dressed up nice with fancy hats. First of all, good luck seeing anything outside the Republican national convention of that many people on the streets dressed up in Suits. That's It. That's the only time you're ever gonna see this. These are like regular men walking on the streets. Everybody had fancy hats on and a nice button up shirt and a suit jacket. That's Jim Jeffries right there. Oh, those Guys are good. Dude. James J. That's junk. That's John L. Sullivan. No way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The guy from, that's the guy from Monopoly too, right there. He was. He was a bare knuckle boxer back in the D. So, and he was still famous back then. Wow. Look at 'em putting it all together. That's so Cool. Isn't that cool?


So they built this outdoor stadium to watch Jack Johnson beat the fuck outta Jim Jeffries. Oh. That's how it goes. Jim Jeffries was trying to make a comeback. He was a little bit older back then, bro. Boxing would go until someone died. Yeah, they would've, I mean, what's the most rounds they had back then? They were crazy. It was like 80 rounds or something. Like what's the longest old school boxing match ever? Jamie? I think they had some insane amount of rounds. That's a good question. The greatest number of rounds was 276. Wow. In a four hour and 30 minute fight. When Jack Jones beat Patsy Toney and Cheshire in 1825.


Holy fuck dude. And we're introduced in 1867. Each round of a fight would last until someone was knocked down. Oh my God. Wow. Bro. Bro. 276 rounds is so crazy. Ugh. That's when you get all your CTE in an IV bag. You just kidding. Yeah, you'd have to have to swallow. Brenda saw gauntlet right There, dude. You just get your I your CTE just hot pumped into your fucking brain. Yeah. Modern. I'm just joking. Brenda. 110 I guess. Oh my God. At New Orleans. That's where it was In 18. It's, well, he lived to 94.


He lived to 1867. Nine five. Oh, these is the, when they die. Oh. 'cause 1893 it lasted 110 rounds. Oh my God. Seven hours and 19 minutes. It was declared a no contest later changed to a draw. Dude. Most people couldn't go that long without even looking at their phone. Dude. Much less. Yeah. Seven hours. Much less having to fend off, off a guy Having to take a shit. You are in the middle of a 200 round fight. You have to take a shit. They should have a diaper round. We have to fight and shit at the same time. I would bet it affect your punching power if you just waddle around shit. Of course, dude. I don't think there's a way you can shit and punch at the same time can I? It would be very hard. Very hard.


Look that up. Very hard. 'cause Yeah, think about it. Yeah. No, It'd be so soft. You need to tighten all that up. If you're gonna throw a good punch, like your ass cheeks tighten Because you kind of use your legs as you thrust forward. You really can't shit and punch. Not effectively gonna Lose that round. We cracked the code, bro. Yeah, we cracked the Crack. Crack the code. You gotta lose that round. Yeah. So I guess they probably just pissed themselves. I know guys who shit themselves in the U ffc. Multiple guys. Yeah. Oh, it breaks my heart. I Believe Tim Sylvia shit himself in a fight once. Who else? Someone came out there. Michael Chiesa looked over at me once while I was doing commentary and I think he got called.


I mean it was perhaps one of those situations where the fight before ended quicker. So he didn't get as much warmup time as he wanted. Yeah. And then all of a sudden he is running out there and he looked at me, he goes, dude, I'm about to shit my pants. I go, really? He goes, yeah, I'm about to shit my pants. And he won. He went out there and won first round submission. Because he had to. Because he Had to. Yeah. Dude, there's another, So is this the fight? Oh, is this another guy who shit his pants. Five fighters happened to fight. Who pooped their shorts? Yeah, it happens. Dude. This guy shit himself. Little bit. Dude. I would shit myself if, if I had to go in there. Yeah. Yeah. So that's crazy Tim. Sylvia definitely shit himself. Randall and shit himself like that. Yeah. It happens man. Look you, you're getting Your, oh, I'm not, yeah. Liver pounded on. You're getting knee in the guts.


I didn't even have the One. Oh, I got car in a car accident once. And it happened. You shit yourself. I didn't want to, it just, I, it, I didn't have a choice. It just happened. It, it wanted to, She shit her pants too. Justine kitch. Congratulations. All over the, I bet dudes would pay a lot of money for that. That on OnlyFans you sell them shitty drawers. And that's Mark Goddard right there. Call time out brother. He just stepped in It. No. Oh. Oh. Is that what it is? That's the poop. Oh no. Imagine if you're like, face down. If someone's putting you in a rear naked choke and they didn't clean the mats that good. And the person before, shit all over the place. You get pink eye while you're getting your ass kicked. God, that makes me scared. Yeah.


That's a scary job. That's the scariest job, you think? Yeah. I went to that fight with you or No, I went to that fight. Remember when me and Joey Diaz went? Which One? In New York. Oh, it was? Oh, I was thinking of your fighters. Well, I went and saw the James j Braddock statue before. Oh, it was in New Jersey before Dustin. And that last fight that he had? Mm, no, the the one before the last fight. Justin gci. It wasn in No, after it wasn, it was in New Jersey. Okay. The Pride. It wasn. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Ben Watson de knee it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Was it? Yeah, he beat up Benoit Sanin and knocked him out. Islam Ache it wasn after that He lost Islam.


It wasn in Jersey. Right, right. Which one was in Jersey Islam? That one was in Jersey. He didn't beat, he didn't beat Islam in Jersey. Right, right, Right, right. So he fought Benini, then he gets a title shot against Islam. Islam, yeah. We went, I went with Joey. We and I went to the James j Braddock statue before. Mm. It was awesome. Dude. Islam's a monster. He's so good. Yeah, it Was crazy. And Joey was like, what do I, dude, he was so, This Is all love dude. He, he's a fucking tremendous, he's one of a kind. And his book is great too, if you haven't read his book. But he's sitting there, he'd been eating, he'd been eating mushrooms, You know, and once he even started eating a little, you could see Aaron Rogers start to look over.


You know, he was getting That's hilarious. You know, he is like, what was happening? You know? That's hilarious. But by the sixth quarter or whatever, I don't know how many, how the fights go, but it's like by the sixth quarter, he's just rubbing on his thighs. Right. He's fucking, he goes, who's winning dog? That's what he kept saying to me. Oh, I can't wait to see him again. Joey Used to shovel snow for James j Braddock. Did he really? Yep. Wow. That's Crazy's one of my favorite things that I ever learned about him. That's crazy. Can You imagine that? That is crazy. What else is going on?


I'm gonna see him in a couple weeks. He's coming out here. Joey is gonna start staying out here for months at a time. Yeah. He wants to get a place downtown. Either the club, Me too. I'm gonna come back and look in about a week and a half. Every time he comes, he's like, I gotta come out here, dog. I'm like, come on, we'll make it easy for you. Come on. I'm like, we'll make it easy for you. You tell me when you want to come. You'll come. We'll fly you out, put you up, whatever you want. I'll get your real estate lady. Let's get the party started. And I'm trying to bring back the church of what's happening now. 'cause him and Lisas at, they were together when they were at the club together. And I'm like, come on, let's get the band back together. You guys together were fucking amazing. There was nothing like that show kept people alive That show. Joey Diaz's show was one of the most ridiculous, silly, preposterous shows.


It was so ridiculous. And then he went to New Jersey. And here's the problem with new Joey in New Jersey. He loves New Jersey. He loves New Jersey people. He needs comedians. And you, you, you forget that until you're not with them. And then you're like, oh, this ain't no fun. You're just talking to plumbers or whoever's got a decent attitude or whatever. You know, a decent sense of humor. Humor. That's nice. I like talking to all kinds of people. Yeah, obviously. But I need comedians in my life. Like I need vitamins. Like I need a certain amount of sunlight to get some vitamin DI need. I need comedians. It's too, like that night that we had in that green room watching the elections, how many jokes were cracked? How many fucking times we rag on Tony? Oh Dude.


We talked Tony off the Ledge. We did it. Tony's a fucking, Tony's like got statistics, 26% more. Puerto Ricans voted for Trump, Bro. He had the Puerto Rican app open on open on his whoop bracelet. I'm like, they have that. What is that, bro? The whole thing. He was like, how many plantains have sold tonight? He was fucking losing his mind. They tried to label him as a speaker. They said he was a speaker. A speaker. It wasn at the Trump rally. He said the Puerto Rico was a pile of garbage. These are human beings. Was that Adam Wright? It Wasn. That's Obama. Oh, It Is a speaker.


It wasn at the Trump rally. He was talking about Puerto Rico as a pile of garbage. Dude, the simple fact that Obama's talking about Tony Hcl is crazy. Bro. Obama's doing a Tony Hinchcliffe bit There's a video of us at the mothership. What Is going On? We, we played it yesterday, but I wanna play it again. Jamie. Play the video. I, it's on my Instagram of Tony is on stage in the main room, by the way. Tony goes on stage. It's like Richard Pryor just showed up. Yeah. Ja. They were going nuts. He murdered. He has 35 minutes on it. Oh yeah. He's on stage about The Puerto Rican joke and, You know.


No way. At the same Time. Same time. Yeah. Just look at this. Running against Hillary Clinton simulation for Would definitely in a Simulation. Oh my God. So this guy was on Fox talking about Tony on one TV while Tony was on stage on the TV monitor. That's un bully. We did it. He was so nervous. 'cause here's what was gonna happen if he lost, You know. So the way these news organizations work, they have outlines for stories. If Kamala wins, they have out outlines for stories.


If Trump wins, if, if Trump lost, they were gonna blame it on Tony. They had stories where they're gonna blame it on that joke. And they were gonna say that, that joke turned the tides and made people realize the Trump organizations filled with Nazis and racists and, and they were gonna blame Tony. And Tony would've been fucked. 'cause then the Trump supporters would've thought that too. Right. So it was like both sides would've disliked Tony ab Absolutely. Absolutely. He would've to go to Puerto Rico, or no, Costa Rica, maybe Mexico, Mexico's and Mexico. And Puerto Ricans don't really, No, they don't even, They don't get along that well in fighting. There's always been a giant rivalry between Mexicans and Puerto Ricans. And a lot of really? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Oh yeah, man. For Sure. I didn't know that. Well, You know, there's no prouder group of boxers, I think in the history of Earth and Mexican boxers. Like They have a Oh Yeah. Mexican boxers are known for a specific style. Like if someone says you fight like a Mexican dude, that's a huge compliment. Yeah. Mexicans like Julio, Caesar Chavez, You know, fucking Canelo Alvarez, Oscar de La Jolla. I mean, you can go down the line, You know, Morales fuck man, there's so many Manuel Marquez. Yeah. So many man. So many. Yeah. They got just so many punches in one punch. Well, There just is a, there's a culture of boxing there that goes back so far.


And it's so, You know, and with boxing, it's always people that are poor that wanna weigh out. And one of the best ways out, if you're a poor young man, punch your way out. If you can fight, you can, you can make millions like Canelo, like Julio Caesar Chavez. Like, so it's like the, the history of people rising through boxing. But there's a similar history in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico has a history, a great history of boxing too. Really? But there was always a rivalry between Mexico and Puerto Rico. Huh. I could see that. Because you're both Latino cultures and you wanna be the best, You know. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm trying to think if I've ever been to a boxing match or not. You should go see Jake Paul versus Mike Tyson. It might be the last boxing match ever. I don't know if I wanna see it.


Do you wanna see it? If Mike Tyson wins, I remember watching Mike Tyson versus Roy Jones Jr. Yeah. And it was like two guys like in beating each other up in baby diapers or whatever. It was like baby diapers. Yeah. Bring it up. They were wearing like big diapers or Whatever. No, they were wearing cups. There's a protector that boxers wear that's different than the protector that MMA fighters wear. So the protector that boxers wears is foam that covers like the front of your hips and things too. Oh, Maybe I'm not thinking about it. Maybe I'm thinking about something else then. But it just, this, This, to Me, they kept hugging, This is what I believe, I believe really, truly to my core, that they made an agreement where Mike Tyson was only gonna hit him to the body full blast.


It looked like every time he hit him to the head, he was kind of pulling back. That's So, it just didn't seem like, this didn't seem like a real fight. Right. It seemed like a fight to the body though. Mike was hitting him to the body really hard. And I think he hurt Roy a bunch of times. Really hard to the body. But You know, both of these men are 50. Roy in his day, I maintained to this day was the greatest boxer I've ever seen. Wow. Roy Jones in his prime was a freak. Like, I mean a freak where he wouldn't even throw jabs. He would throw a lead left hook, he would favor that over a jab. But it was as fast as a Ja and people couldn't understand it. Yeah. Because you'd never been in a ring with someone that fast. Huh? Have you look a Roy Jones highlight reel of s You ever watch like Roy Jones News in his prime Uhuh?


They were execution son. It was like Mike Tyson in his prime, but at a different thing. In fact, in a NAS song, NAS says the, the new Mike Tyson's Roy Jones. Wow. Roy Jones was just executing people. He was so much faster than anybody. His timing was so good. His Power. He was a sniper. Oh my God. He was just so skillful. Who would you rather knock you unconscious. You think if you had to pick a good fighter? Oh, I don't know. Maybe Roy would just put it out quick. Just pop you on the chin and you Ro O'Connor though Both of them will knock you out quick, You think? Yeah. But, and this is this one fight with Roy Jones, with Vinny Pienza. It was the only fight in copy box history where the opponent didn't land a single punch. Wow.


A single punch. This was like when Roy was trying get the referee to stop the fight before that Roy signaled to the referee stop the fight and the the referee said no. And then Roy goes like this. He's like, look at it, Vinny, sorry, I gotta do this. I Never even seen That. He just lights it up, bro. He was so good in his prime. But like all fighters, they stayed past their prime. And people really only remember them for when they lost. Yeah. You know, Roy in his prime was just something completely special. He had An Allen Iversson vibe. You went to watch him just to see how long guys would last. Wow. That's what you would, you would watch to see what he would do to guys. I did a fishing rodeo with him once. Did you really? Yeah. Yeah. He was a big fisherman.


He, he dropped his hands, put 'em behind his back and knocked the guy out. Like lured the guy in and hit him with a one straight right hand and dropped him. It was one of the, he would just like be that Toy crazy dude. Dude, I can't even get a fucking medium jacket off of my body. And this guy's doing this shit. That's what blows my mind, dude. Boy, it was so good. He was so good. Oh, and everybody that went in there, That brother right there, There's a thing that happens when a guy's gonna fight. Like you would see it with Anderson that, That Cartright. Who's he fighting? I Dunno. Some dude is in real trouble. They should have stopped this fight already. Oh my God, bro. That dude did not need to take those other two punches. Oh dude.


He was so fast. Yeah, dude. Tony was, Tony was, he was, he was terrified. Was Shane's, He was terrified. Tony Was terrified. Right when I walked in. I hadn't seen him in months, So I'm just fucking grilling him. I'm like, there he is. I'm like, who's an island now? That's what I said. He's fucking sitting there. Who's an island now. Did you really say that to him? Yeah. Oh. And here's the best thing about Tony though. He laughed. Like Tony is for the joke, right? Oh yeah. Like, even if he's like going through it, he respects the joke. And like always, Always. There's, there's many layers to that whole thing. It's like you, Tony is who he is. Yeah. And you, you almost, you respect that to the core.


It wasn it. The best timing. Probably not, right? No. Was there a lot of supervision over him? Is what he said? No. Probably not. But that just shows that's Also, but how disorganized that meeting was. It's disorganized, but it's also real. So it's like, there's two ways to look at it. It's like, it's yes. It's like nobody proofread it. Lemme Clear something there. 'cause we did say that they had went over his material. They didn't, they did not go over his material. They did. Someone suggested he take one joke out. So he took this one joke out and he had, he's like, oh, what do I put in his place? He decided to go with the Puerto Rico joke. You fucking dumbass. Don't You know We did it.


Yeah. But he's just so silly. But he's the G But he laughs at himself. Oh, totally. Yeah. But also he's, it's weird 'cause it's like, do you want things to be tailored or do you not want 'em to be tailored? You know? Yeah. It's like you could have, you could have a group that goes through every, every single joke and says no to everything. Right. And then you get nothing. You, you, You know what I'm saying? Kind of. It's like how many layers of like when you drain spaghetti or whatever. What I'm talking about. Like how many layers of Spaghetti? Nah. Shit. I don't know. It's been a long year. I, I know what you're saying. I know what you're saying.


But I think when you get to a certain level of your career, you gotta say no to things that are outside of comedy. Yeah. If you're just coming up and someone says, you want to go speak in front of the president, go out there, make a mark soldier. Give it your best. Yeah. But if you're Tony Hinchcliffe and you just did the Tom Brady Roast kill, Tony's the number one comedy podcast in the world. Unreal. You know, you have millions and millions of downloads every week. Don't do that. Just do comedy. You're really good. I, that's what I was trying to tell people. If you saw those same jokes on stage, he kills fucking crushes. It's just the worst environment ever for it. Lights are bright. It's in the day. Yeah. No one knows a comedian. He goes up cold. No one goes on after him. There's like his big ass paw after him.


The whole thing was like organized terribly. Yeah. Terribly. Oh, it's just complete disorganization. It was like, there was the Trump speech, which is the big thing. Like, what do we do with all the extra time? Like, let anybody talk. Who wants to talk? This guy owns a fucking sandwich shop. Let him come up there. You know, look, It's my friend Giovanni. Like, they let anybody in there, they were letting people that were saying wild stuff too. Oh. They were letting anybody in there, dude. And it didn't seem like they vetted a lot of the, the speeches. Some of the speeches are like, what? Do what? Wait, Wait, wait. They had 40 minutes of as SMR in there. They were fucking letting people do anything. Dude, Whenever you get an organization, whether it's the Republicans or the Democrats, you gotta kind of like appease everybody. And you got psychos and moderate people and they're all together under this one banner of this one.


Like, have you ever been on a sports team? There's always like one dude on the team that's a fucking psychopath, right? Oh yeah. And you are like, dude, don't cause any fights. Like, leave everybody alone. Let's go. Come on. We had a brother. He would slash everybody's tires. But then here's the thing, we were giving him a ride home. So it was like, whoa, now we're off. You know what I'm saying? But that's who he was. You had to respect him. He was a power forward, You know? Yeah. Well sometimes they're not making the best decisions. People don't man hit in the head a lot. People don't, man. I especially Football players, bro. You get hit in the head a lot, you're gonna make some sketchy ass decisions. Nick Boa got brave and shared his political thoughts the other night. You see that? No, I didn't. Well, Just crazy how like on on mainstream stuff, if you share anything in one way, it's okay.


But you share something another way. It's not okay. Right? Like if you, nobody got angry at people. They made fun of people for supporting Kamala Harris. Like we made fun of Dave Batista. Like, Because it looked just so silly. Like this performative commercial where it's really important to vote for Kalo. They bought Hisa. Tim Wal that the Min wrestler. Is he Manta or Leser Wrestler? The wrestler. The guy from Guardians of the Galaxy. Okay. You know what I'm talking about? Big Jack, dude, he's trying to get movies, man. He's wearing pearls to like red carpet events. I know what you're doing. You're trying to get those movies. You gotta like show for what though? You're an artist. You're sensitive. You're on the right side. Put him in the, he wants to be a lead in a movie. Wants to be a movie star. Then fucking turn on your camera at a house and make something.


Dude. I'm telling you is the right move. What he's doing is the right move. Even if he's faking it. You mean For Hollywood, you mean? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Wear the beads. Wear the wear pearls softens you up a little bit. Lose some weight. Lost a bunch of weight. Talk shit about Trump. He's allowed to be like a tough guy. Talking shit about Trump. Did you ever see that Jimmy Kimmel sketch? They did. We called Trump a whiny bitch. And you ever seen It where Jimmy Kimmel called Donald Trump? That? No, No, no, no, no, no, no. Batista. They Batista. Did you never saw It? Find it? 'cause it's kind of funny. Is He the Intercontinental champion? I don't even, I haven't watched wrestling In a bit. He a big time wrestler was a giant dude. Like fucking built like a superhero. And then he went and did Guardians of the Galaxy. He's A giant dude.


Oh yeah. With Chris Pratt. Yeah. He's a big giant wrestler dude. Yes. Now I know who you're talking about. Yeah. But He's wants to be a movie star, so he's losing some weight. He's a good actor too, man. He was good in that. What was that movie? The Glass Onion. The Glass Onion. Yeah. It wasn a great movie that he was really good in that. I'm trying to think of what I've seen recently. He's Just like a, if you're a big giant dude and you're a big muscle bound giant dude, and you wanna do like serious roles, like you kind of gotta lose some weight. You know? You gotta, and you kind of gotta like support Kamala Harris. You kind of gotta like wear pearls. You kind of gotta like soften your stance. You know? You gotta kinda like be performative that you're the guy that they would want to pick.


'cause that's like part of the battle. Like, here, let me get this. Oh, that's him. Yeah. I thought it wasn Eddie Bravos. Dude. Donald Trump is some kind of tough guy. He's not. I mean, look at him. He wears more makeup than Dolly Parton wine's like a baby. The guy's afraid of birds. Donald Trump Had his daddy pay a doctor to say his will feet hurt so he could dodge the draft. Look at that gut, like a garbage bag full of buttermilk. He sells imaginary baseball cards, pretending to be a cowboy fireman. Guys barely strong enough to hold an umbrella. Well, he's working out drinks water.


And where is this at? Jocko's gym? I don't Know. Little Pink chickadee. That's pretty funny. He's Got jugs. Big ones like Dolly Parton. He cheats at golf. He creeps around beauty pageant dressing rooms. You know what that little dance he does? Yeah. He's a pervert dude who isn't a pervert. He's moody. He pouts. He throws tantrums. No, get those lights off. He acts like a 5-year-old behind the wheel of a truck. He bends over for Putin, his cattier on social media. A middle school being girl. The guy needs help walking downhill.


Almost there, grandma. So this November, let's stop kidding ourselves. Donald Trump is afraid. I don't watch this kind of stuff. Look at this. The Punches, Windmills. Merl Street and being locked at, isn't It past jail Time? But mostly he's terrified that real red-blooded American men will find out that he's a weak tubby toddler. Mommy, take me home. Mommy. I wanna go. That's Wrong. Tough guy. Someone grab you by the, Wow, that closing line's pretty tough.


That's Not bad. It called him a bitch. But it's like, You know what he's doing. Yeah. Trying to become a movie star. It's a good move. But why? But the Hollywood liberals, 100% love that. Well, Hollywood's just crazy to me, dude. I just don't understand it. Like It. It seems like they hate white men. Well, some people that work in Hollywood, I'm sure don't like white men. But that's the thing about woke culture. It's like there's a hierarchy of the injustices that you have faced, but white, white men have, even if it's not you, which is where it gets prejudice. 'cause if it's not you, white men over history have caused the most grief. They've caused the most trouble.


They've been responsible for the most injustices in this country. At least. You know? Yeah. Slavery, redline laws. Oh, People, Chinese people help with slavery. Let's don't just pin the tail hundred percent on the honky donkey. Right. You know what I'm saying? But in America, slaves were exclusively, exclusively Owned By undeniably by white people. Right. In other countries, they're owned by all kinds of people. This is where it gets weird. See, That's what we gotta do then. Well, people Don't understand is there's more slaves today than there have ever been. Nah. There's more slaves today than there were before 1865 when slavery was abolished in America. You're lying. Nope. There's more slaves in Libya. When we took down Libya and the Rebels killed Gaddafi on television.


Did you ever see that Uhuh? I didn't not. It's one of the Most terrifying Videos. What channel was it on? C-Span. Umuh. But Libya became, for a while, became like a failed state. And at one point in time there were slave auctions in Libya that you could watch on YouTube. Okay. How crazy is that? Like go Google. Google the actual numbers. Oh my God. Yeah. That's real statistic. So, and this is also one of the things that people are terrified about with this border deal. Okay. 'cause one of the things about the border, it's not as simple as people coming over and they want a better life, of course. But it's also people being exploited. And there's tens of thousands of kids that are missing.


Who knows if they've been smuggled into child, child trafficking, there's, who knows how many people have been, okay, hold on a second. It says, estimates range from about 38 to 49.6 million people. What are a slaves today? The number of enslaved, difficult people is difficult to determine. Estimates range from 38 to 49 million. What? Yeah. Oh my God. I didn't have any clue. I Well, you have to include people that can't leave, even if they're not like in cages. People that are trapped. Right? Like, Like Gaza people you mean? Well, you, no, I would talk like people that work in coal mines or cobalt mines in the Congo.


They're essentially slaves. I mean, they give them the minimal amount of food and water. They work in horrific conditions and they live in complete abject poverty. But They're treated better than the people in Gaza though, Perhaps. Well, they're all getting poisoned. They're all getting poisoned. Pulling that cobalt outta the ground. Yeah. But still they're getting lunch, I bet. Yeah. Probably not. Not a good lunch, I would imagine. Either way. Yeah. You, you could find other spots that suck worse. Yeah. But the point is, like those people, you could kind of consider slaves. And then there's real slavery. You know, this friend of mine was telling me about this place, it wasn built in Jamaica or The Bahamas, I think it was The Bahamas.


And they brought in Chinese workers in like this giant ship. And he said they, they had this patch of land, they put up a fence around the land and all the Chinese workers lived on that land. And the Chinese workers built this resort there. And they worked nonstop 24 hours a day. Oh. They built the whole thing. In 18 months. They would just have shift after shift. And once it was completed, they took all the workers, put 'em back in the boat, put 'em right back to China. So what was it, wasn? It wasn That slaves, that slavery. It wa I mean, it seems like slaves, Like, It seems, seems like unless they paid those people an exorbitant amount of money, I don't know. I mean, I don't know what the arrangement was.


Yeah. But they put a fence around the area. They brought people in a giant ship, and then they put 'em back in the ship and shipped them back to China. Like if you took a slave, well, Look at Fire Fest. Remember? Fire Fest or whatever. Yeah. What The fuck was that? Dude? It wasn a dude trying to make money. Right. But still those people got carted over there. Yeah. Nothing to eat. Nowhere to sleep. De definitely different than slavery, but still it's like, yeah. It's Like, It is funny. You think just 'cause things happen a long time ago that it's not slavery today. Right. Why wouldn't say that Fyre Festival is a form of slavery? I, I Agree. Did you see Prop six in California? What is that? That's on the screen. Prop six prohibits slavery and involuntary servitude. And it did not pass.


What? Wow, What? Wait a minute. What? Yeah. In California. Yeah. Proposed amendment to California's constitution would bar slavery in any form and repeal a current provision allowing involuntary servitude as a punishment for crime. Because A lot of them gay producers trying to trak out them. Twinks homie. That's why bro, Keep 'em my slaves. I'll Tell you, bro, they buy every now and then. How would you, Why? Why? Every now and then a fricking, some twink fucking clamers out of an air vent. Oh. Oh, here it is. Yeah. It's forced labor in prisons. Yeah. It has to do with Paying people to work in prisons and do, like, they have to fight the wildfires and stuff. Interesting. So they want 'em to have to work. Wow. They just don't wanna pay.


Yeah. That's California. But that is what happened, right? It wasn what the Jim Crow laws were all about, man. Like, one, one of the things about slavery is slavery didn't end. Boom. Now let's get black people jobs. No, slavery ended. And then there was this long period where black men would get arrested for anything and everything. Yeah. And then they'd be forced to work and they had work camps. And so you were Still, it's the same thing. You could Just get caught and you'd be a slave. You'd get a bad cop, decides you're speeding. Whatever it is, you're a slave. Yeah. And they that Speeding. You have a car and you're like, you're speeding. Yeah. You don you're looking at people bad. You're verbally intimidating people, whatever the fuck it is.


People like see with the, when some, when they, someone wants to target you for something. Yeah. You pissed off the wrong people. They fucking come after you with the law. And they can get you if they just decide that you shouldn't be free. And we're just gonna, there's an industry around slave labor, which there is, there's also an industry now a, around keeping people in prison. Right. Because the prisons are private. So it's a, a private corporation owns this building where you lock people up for money. You get paid for them being there. So You who gets paid the Private prison? There's contracts with the state, Like it's like a summer camp or something kind of thing. Well, I Know who gives the contracts, but no, prisons are owned by corporations.


Okay. So prisons owned corporations. So No, no, no, No, no, no. No. Prison is owned by a corporation. So it's a Business. Okay. So They lobby to make sure that laws stay on the books. One of 'em is marijuana. So the prison guard lobby, they were, they were trying to make sure that marijuana stays illegal so that more people stay in prison. Okay. Because the more people in prison, the more jobs they have, the more hours they have, the better benefits they'll have. And the prison wants as many people in jail as possible Because they get money. That Is how they make money. Wow. Yeah. Who makes the money? It's not the government. No. Well, in some jails, but there's private prisons. Like what are the percentage of private prisons? Well, no, I know we've looked this up, but I forget the number.


Are They nicer? I don't think So. What about the Excalibur in Las Vegas? That place is a fucking private prison, dude. You ever been there? Dear? Dear God, bro. Bro, I heard circus circuses going down. That's the ultimate circus. Circus is like, how is this place legal? Dude, it wasn the, The end of 2022. 8% of the total state and federal prison population in the United States was in private prisons. What? Yep. Which is about 90,873 people. This makes private prisons a relatively small part of the correction system, which is mostly public, which by the way, is even crazier. How about the fact that 90,000 people in jail is a small percentage?


Wow. We have more people in jail than any other country. Do You know that? Yeah. And we need a few more in there too. I think, to be honest, bro, freedom is a, some people can't handle freedom. Yeah. Freedom ain't free. Freedom Ain't free, man. What are you eating over there? A breaker? I need a hit of something, man. Want one of these? Huh? Something. Oh, that's Zen's or something? Yeah. Breakers. You Scared of it? Want you want a vape on you? This is non-alcoholic. I This What is that? Bust out the smelling salts. I'll take a hit of anything, dude. I'm about to fucking jerk off just to get high, dude. Dude, I need something's, Man. What's happening, Steve? Just Been a long week, man. Yeah, just been a long year, man. Well, you're successful, you're handsome. I don't understand it. I don't understand it either.


Yeah, bro. This trust. This one's so bad. It stinks. Chuck, you got a knife? Jamie? You Got a knife over there? That's not the fishing bait one, is it? No, bro. This one is so strong. I, I haven't even opened this yet. Sniff it. It's not even open yet. Can't smell it. You can't smell that you have covid. Nope. I don't think so. Shout out to my friend John Reeves, who gave me this knife. This knife is made with You got a vape in here still, man. No. Come on. BLM. Dude. What you got, Jamie? What do you need, man? Why? What's wrong with your vape? I just wanna hit a nicotine. There's no nicotine in it. What are You doing with a vape with no nicotine? Just faking It. Yeah, just trying to get through it all. Do you want a cigar?


Perhaps It'll make me sick. I bet. Okay. I want you to get sick. I know. Before I bust out these smelling salt son. These are Oh my God. Jesus. Tremendous. What round are we In? Oh boy. What round are we in, dog bro? This one I'm smelling from over there. Here we go. Oh my God. Come on boy. Y'all fucking ride that bitch homie. Huh? Ooh, Bareback. Huh? Ooh N. Words in Paris, baby. Let's get this. You feel me? It get It. Get it. Oh Lord. Right? There's nothing like a freshness. How many seconds did I do? Man? That's PBR shit. Did It? You had a good, good haul.


Let me get one more, one More. Sorry, Sorry, sorry. Don't be scared. I Like it. I Like It. Oh lord. I can't leave you alone out there. And two land. I gotta get a dose in myself. Oh my God. Oh fuck. I just think I saw who won the Heisman. Oh. Oh my God, bro. That shit made something happen to me. Those are so strong. Wow. Ugh. I'm gonna join women's sports. It wasn a lot, bro. It wasn. If every time you did this and you left here and you felt like you couldn't remember things well, would you still do it?


Do that? Yeah. Yeah. I would, if You would lose like a little bit of memory, like where's my keys? Nothing serious. Like you remember your name, You know, still remember your phone number, but you like, where's my keys To do a little bit of a Drug? It a little, just a little Hit. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, one of my eyes just shut down and Yeah. And I Like It. It like, how far can we go? There's something about doing something. It's like, I think when you have addiction, you wanna do something that harms you. You know? Is that what it is? Yeah. You wanna fucking, because it's control. It's like, I wanna control how I feel. So even if how I feel isn't great, the, there's a weird juxtaposition where it's like, if I have control over it, then that's, it's almost like you're the devil that's trying to kill you, You know?


Mm. That make any sense. So if you have control, like, so you have anxiety and you're worried about things. And so in order to kind of mitigate that, you do a little bit of damage to yourself. So you have control over the damage. Yeah. There's something about having control about how you feel. So even if you feel damaged, you still did it to yourself. There's like, I don't know, man, I'm doing the worst job. No, I know what you're saying. Self-destructive tendencies. Yes. Is a big part of addiction, You know? Yeah. Self-destructive. It's like just things are feel so hectic right now. At least if I damage myself, then I'm the one doing it. I'm not just letting the world do it.


Right. Right. There's, and in the moment you don't see that, that doesn't have any value. Right. Afterward you are like, shit, it wasn dumb. But in the moment that feels like at least I'm taking control of the situation. Right. I think sometimes you spend too much time alone. Me personally. Yeah. I Would think that's probably true. Yeah. I think knowing you and being your friend for many years now, I think when you struggle is when you're by yourself too much. Yeah. Because when you are with everybody else, everybody loves you. We all have fun together. So I, I've said it before and I said it, I'll say it again. We need that, especially us, especially comedians.


We need to be around people that are just like us. Like, you don't have to worry. We could just talk shit and laugh and have fun. There's no like, wondering where we stand with each other. It's always fun. You need a home base man. Yeah. You know, and you were, you were doing better when you were at the comedy store all the time Because you were around us all the time. We were all around each other. We were all, we knew there was a place we could go where we could find like-minded people and have a laugh, You know? Yeah. On a regular basis. Which is like, we're so fortunate. Most people don't have a place where they can go, where they're guaranteed to see people that they love. And you're gonna have a good time and just be silly with each other. And then you're watching all these sets.


Everybody's going on stage with that energy. And so there's all this, It's fun. Killing In the air. Yeah. I mean, mothership's fun, man. I, I wouldn't wanting to look for a place. You, I just haven't had the time. Let me ask you this, This year's been the craziest year, You know, it's just been a crazy year. And so it's like, Well, it's good to be crazy because you're busy and you're doing great stuff. Fun. And your podcast, it's been fun. Your podcast is killing it. It's been scary, You know, it's been fun. You know, I appreciate the couple times, You know, you've messaged me after a couple episodes and said, Hey man, it wasn you. I like that. Or something I really appreciate. I wanna tell, let You know that. I really appreciate that. Oh, well. I appreciate what you're doing. I'm very, very proud of you. I love to see how much you worked at it and how your podcast just keeps growing in the ranks. It's really good, man. It's very authentic.


It's a perfect podcast in that it's really you, you, You know how to be you, you are real authentic. Even if you're talking to Trump, you're being, you, you're talking about doing cocaine with former President Trump and now new newly elected President Trump. So it's like, Well, I just wanna have a voice, You know? Yeah. I I always just wanted to have a voice ever, or not even, I just wanted, I don't know. You Wanna be able to express yourself. Yes. Yeah. I just wanted things to be fair and I just want to express, I just like, yeah, there was always this feeling inside of me, like, I don't have a, I can't speak up for myself, You know? And so, like, I think I understand, and even if I'm just listening to somebody, but letting them speak, it's like there's still like something that, You know, it means, it's like, I, I can't explain it, but it's like, it's so, it's like, I don't know, it means something to me.


Yeah. I think these kind of conversations are very good for you. Like conversations that you're having, conversations that I'm having. I think they're good for you. You get to, you get a chance to communicate with people that are, You know, really interesting, unique people that have lived completely different lives than you. Like I had Brian Cox on the other day explaining the universe to me. Fucking, I couldn't, I was like a kid in a candy store. It's Like, It so exciting to get this guy, this like super intelligent person who's also a really good communicator, could break down the fabric of the universe for you and what we know about it. I mean, like, when does anybody ever get that opportunity to sit down and talk to someone that for three hours?


Yeah. Man, dude, I had a lady who had been driving cats across the country for two years in a fucking tour bus. Right? And they perform and they do musical acts. Like, and bro, I'm not even joking to you. It was one of the most fascinating things I'd ever heard in my life. Oh, yeah. Because her commitment to it. Imagine she got her l so she could drive the fucking bus Because it was so expensive. What's a CDL? Commercial driver's license. Oh. And she goes around doing feline shows for around the whole country. And she's been doing it for 15 years. Who do you think she voted for? That's a Good question. I don't know. Whoever, Hey, grabbing by the pussy. Probably that guy. Do You know that crazy cat ladies?


That there's a reason for that. It's the same reason that like, it's a cat parasite toxoplasmosis. So you're saying it's a, it's a medical ailment. Makes You aggressive, man. No, it makes you aggressive. Yeah. I bet. A lot. Like, that's that term cat lady. Crazy cat lady. That's a real thing. That lady's got a parasite. She's got a brain parasite toxoplasmosis. Well, you can't tell them that. Oh, I bet I could test them. Oh, Bro. I get a cheek swab. Hold that lady down. Gimme a cheek swab. I guarantee that lady's got it, bro. That lady, what do you bro? I used to live with a dude, bro. I used to live with this dude. Right. And I ended up doing fucking a lot of drugs or something and whatever. And I fucking cut a window into my closet, dude.


And it was to the neighbor's apartment. I thought it went outside. I got kicked out. Oh my God. But before that, I lived with this dude, and he would get really, Imagine you're that lady in the, the apartment next door and you hear a slaughter, Some Dude's cutting a hole into your fucking apartment. Yeah. Man, I just, That's the crazy thing about apartments. Right? That's the crazy thing about cocaine, dude. That's a to do with it, bro. I, I've been up for fucking 42 hours on drugs. You wanna hear something crazy? Trump? At the day of the election, Dana White told me he'd been up for 72 hours. Unbelievable. I go, how is that possible? He goes, dude, he's a freak.


It's so weird. Well, Yeah, dude. I'll say some things that, here's things that, like, whatever you think about, there's things that I, the guy is as resilient. No one could go through all that shit. When the Justice Department started to fuck him over, that's when a lot of people were like, You know what the ju the only thing we should be able to believe in in this country is at least the justice system. And if they're fucking him over. Right. And then he got shot at a couple of times. Dude, he's, he's a quarter of 50 cent. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He's like, so it's like, how, what else does it, You know, at a certain point you're just like, I gotta bet on this dog.


Yeah. You know, even if it's like, you don't even like him. It's like, this motherfucker, this dude, he, you gotta bet on that dog at a, if not, it's just bizarre, You know? Right. I mean, the guy gets up and says, fight, fight, fight. After he got shot in the ear, he's not freaking out. He's like, oh my God, I got shot. Get me outta here. They're shooting. He, he looked, he goes, no, no. Stop. Stop. Fight. Yeah. Fight, fight, dude. I stubbed my toe. I called my assistant a faggot. You know, it's like, so yeah. We, there's something special about that guy, You Know? And if you're lying about him, and I know you're lying about him, why am I supposed to trust you that you're lying for a good reason?


Right. If you keep repeating these same hoaxes, they keep repeating. Obama was repeating it. One of his speeches, he said about those white supremacists very fine men on both sides. That's not true. Yeah. It's not true. Well, why, I don't understand why Le le left-leaning Le Media, which is mostly Jewish, are calling people White supremacists. Dude Jewish. Did you say that? Yeah. I just don't understand. Left Wing media is mostly Jewish. I mean, according to my Jewish friends, it's, You know, but why do they hate white guys? It's just woke things, man. It's just virtue woke bullshit. It's like the look, I What it, I don't understand it. Well, because the, the hierarchies is, have experienced a polar shift.


Okay. So here's what it is. If you go back to the 1960s, the kind of racism that people faced, like before the race riots and all, all it wasn horrific because it's just a hundred years removed from slavery ending and the echoes of that, oh, It's still in our genes. Yes. But the echoes of that were much more, much more prevalent then. And so black people were heavily discriminated against. Gay people were heavily discriminated against. People recognize that that's wrong. Young people go to universities, they get taught that it's wrong. They recognize the sins of the past, and then they overcorrect. And by overcorrecting, now you favor people that you think have been previously marginalized.


So you give people, like Vive calls it the tyranny of the oppressed. So the oppressed, the previously oppressed now have a social hierarchy, a stand. They're higher level. If you're a black trans woman, you get to say the things first at the meeting. You know, let the black trans woman talk. Like there's a hierarchy in all woke culture. Right. And if you are a white male who's heterosexual, you have to be non-binary. 'cause otherwise you can't get in. You gotta you gotta be a they them. Because then now, okay, now you're marginalized. Like all you have To do is like change. Oh. So you gotta find a Margin. Your, that's the, the lowest level of entry is non-binary. Straight man. You just say you're non-binary.


And they're like, yeah. You just say, I just don't feel like a man or one mean like, fuck chicks. You're a, You know what you're doing your little ca chameleon. Yeah. You're just being a little around little secret care bearer or whatever you're Sneaking around. But there's hierarchies and gay people, because gay people have been previously oppressed. Gay people weren't even allowed. Oh yeah. Even in 2013, up to then, Hillary Clinton and Obama both said that marriage should be between a man and a woman. We have to realize that this was like 11 fucking years ago. It wasn their political talking points. Marriage should be between a man and woman. So now kids realize how stupid that is. Young kids generally have a much better sense of the errors of the past.


Yeah. Than we do. Unless we're paying attention. As we get older, we pay more attention to what's going on before. But now kids immediately are aware of how fucked up colonial society has been. How they've conquered North America killed the indigenous people. So they, the they want to like recorrect things. Oh yeah. If I was ever in office, dude, native Americans are getting a lot of shit back immediately. Dude. Well, they Already have casinos. Huh? They already have casinos. Yeah. But did they want casinos? I wanted, I want 'em to have back whatever they want. They're getting back. They're getting the rivers back. They're getting the lakes back. They were taking it from each other too, dude. It's Like, no, I agree. Everybody acts like Native Americans were like, everybody's just like whistling and just shaking hands. But they were fighting. Yeah, A hundred percent.


But you would have to figure out like, who owned it, like, at that time. Yeah. And give it back to them. And then you would've to let all those other people try to kill them and get it back. 'cause if you wanna go back to the old ways, that's the old ways. You wanna go back to when the Comanche ran Texas. Like, okay, good luck. But You know what the Comanche's favorite thing was doing? Raiding other tribes. They loved it. Wasn. Just, they were gang bangers. Yeah. They were gang bangers. They would show up in other tribes. Breaks my heart and slaughter people. And that they wouldn't just slaughter people. They would torture them. They would cut their arms and legs off, throw 'em on a pile of fire. Nobody ever surrendered. Ever. Because they knew that there was no leniency. You're gonna be tortured and killed. Oh. So you had to fight to the death 100%.


Fight to the Death. Imagine not being able to surrender. 'cause you have no choice but to fight to the death. That's why The concept of surrender was completely alien to Native Americans. Yeah. They fought to the fucking death. And they fought each other to the death. And there was battles between all of them. And they, they conquered and they made alliances. And You know, especially little Bighorn. They all got together and fucked up. Custer. But all, there's so many different tribes that conquered so many different, and then you'd have to go back to when, right. You're like, when? Like when, well, you got it Because you killed all these people. Let's go back to the Algonquins. Let's give it to the fucking Apaches. Let's get like, you'd have to figure it out, man. Like, this was a, yeah, this was a gigantic, You're gonna have to tickle a dream catcher to get the truth. This was Really like, in some ways, other than the violence, it was like a utopian existence.


It was, these people followed the buffalo around, ate every part of it, used their skins to make their houses traveled on horseback, following them around. They didn't even make art. Dude. The, the Comanche didn't make art. They didn't Make any why? They were just warriors. Just Warriors eating meat. All they did was eat buffalo and kill everybody else. So if you, so, so is it weird though that we feel bad about that? Like, is that a trap? Like, that's what I'm wondering. Does that make, does that question make sense to you? Well, It wasn the way they lived. You know, I mean, is that better than drone bombs in Yemen? You know, when we sit here comfortably in this fucking Austin warehouse, is it better? Is that better? No.


The the whole thing is fucked. It's fucked. That gaza's going on. It's fucked it. They're using these, these poor Ukrainians like fucking meat for the Russian War machine. The whole thing's crazy. It's all bad. But the crazy it wasn going on back then was a one-on-one. Crazy. Yeah. It's a different kind of crazy. It was like, there was an understanding that if you saw somebody and they had horses or they had these, you're gonna go kill them and take that thing from them. And if you knew that there was a, a camp and the camp was over the top of the ridge and they would be in bed at night, you would come in the middle of the night and slaughter everybody. Oh yes. Sneak 'em. And they did that to each other. They did that to each other. So it was a horrific way of existing. Because Sometimes there's this, there's this vision that you romanticize that culture.


Right, right. I do that a lot. I romanticize things that I don't know about. Right. Because it just seems like something like, oh, that's romantic or something. You know, bro, These were, this was a culture of Warriors. It was fucking hide and go seek For real. It was culture of warriors. Like this whole country was filled with poets, nomadic warriors. Yeah. Wow. And most of them got killed by fucking smallpox. That's what's the crazy. Oh, most of them got killed by the flu and all sorts of diseases that came over with the Europeans. How Gay must that have felt? Dude, you're fucking warrior. Right. Suddenly you get a fucking, a couple of Sneezes on you at the depot. You go to the Trading Depot to drop off some fucking skins.


Some dude sneezes on you. And that's a wrap. Yeah. You're like, you've been training all day, dude. Fuck. And some guy just fucking doesn't wash his feet for half an afternoon. Or just came here off a boat. Stinky bitch was breathing shit. Shit. Air and drinking shit water. You know, like, dude, can you imagine the hygiene on those boats? Oh, Columbus is shit. It wasn like the first burning man. Dude, that place was a dump. Dude. I heard the pent that didn't even have any chicks on it. Dude. It's like, There's an example. Columbus is an example. Could you have done it? I mean, probably if you lived back then that would've been a thing to do Because you would've been bored. But you're in the, it's early morning wanted, wanted a couple Guys show up.


You would've wanted to try up, you would wanted to try to see what it Looks like to go across the ocean. If you're a young man and you just needed something in your life and you knew that dudes did it, and you just eat beef jerky for three months and you make it across the ocean. And when you get to the other side is there's gold everywhere. They didn't even know where they were. Yeah. But if you read the accounts, there was a, a priest that traveled with him, some sort of religious man that traveled with him. Oh yeah. They kept, oh yeah. Like a detailed diary of their, the horrific things that Columbus's men did. They bashed babies on the rocks. They Oh, yeah. Yeah. They told certain men why that they had to give, they had to give them their weight in gold. And if they did, they would chop dudes arms off in front of everybody. They enslaved these people and used them for their gold.


'cause these people had no use for gold. They didn't know how valuable gold was Even when they got to the Americas. Exactly. Wow. Exactly. Yeah. People are just, I mean, they just slaughtered people. They just slaughter people. Dude, there's horrific depictions of what Columbus's people did. We romanticize, I romanticize nature so much. And it's really vulgar, isn't it? Well, it's just, humans have always done this to each other. And for all of human history. Right. The strong groups of men with weapons invade people that aren't prepared, and they take all their stuff and they conquer them. I mean, it's always happened. It's, it's the, the most common thing. If you go back and look at history, there's a bunch of common things.


There's an increase in the complexity of architecture and the design of the cities. There's machines, there's the, all these different things improve. But along the way, the consistent thing is war. It's constantly happening. From the beginning of time, as early as we know, tribes were battling other tribes. And back then, when there wasn't that many people and wasn't that many resources, and you were competing to see whose genes spread, it's just natural. Wow. You develop tools and weapons, and then that's ingrained in our fucking DNA. So here we are in 2024 to what? With iPhone sixteens and starlink. And we're still locked into this tribal war mindset because that's how humans evolved.


Right. And that, that's the scariest thing about being alive today, is that we're so advanced, we're so much more civilized than at any other point in human history. And yet same amount of people, if not more, are dying senselessly all the time. Right. Like, We're civilized on the outside, but there's a part of us that is, will always be uncivilized. Yeah. But the, the part of it is war. Right. And other parts of the world are not as calm as us. You know, there's parts of the world that are very fucking dangerous. Yeah. They're the, they're the, You know, there's places of the world where you can't go with without getting robbed or shot. Yeah. Memphis. Memphis, first of all, I'll say that, Is Memphis that bad? Memphis is bad. Dude. That's where Elvis came from.


Huh? Isn't Where Elvis came from. And he left. Is it changed? Where's Graceland? Actually, Graceland. You know what's crazy about Graceland? Dude, it's in Memphis and it's cool. You go out, they let you in the backyard after the smoke and Elvis's grave is right there. You could smoke right in front of Elvis' grave. You could smoke 17 centimeters from Elvis' grave, or 80 centimeters. Wow. That movie, that Elvis movie was so good. Which one? The one his girlfriend To Hanks. Where Tom Hanks plays the colonel. You didn't see that one? Oh yeah. What that dude, what is his name? Austin Colonel. What's the fellow's name that played Elvis? Austin Butler. Austin Butler is really good, man. Yeah. It wasn good. He fucking, he nailed it. He was really good. You really believed that he was Elvis.


What a crazy story. Yeah. Elvis was the first guy to get way too famous. The first guy. It wasn just way too famous. Yeah. Like there was no one that famous before Elvis. No, there wasn't. Well, yeah, there was Jesus probably. Who else? Maybe Jesus Constantine. I Think Jesus got his reps. Like he got his afterwards really appreciation after he was gone. Yeah. Yeah. You know, sort of like Kurt Cobain. Yeah. Kind of. That's a good point, huh? I mean, people love Kurt Cobain while he was alive, but I think they really appreciated him after he was dead. There's certain, there's certain guys, What do you think you what, what do you, what are you gonna do?


When, what are you gonna do when you die? Dude, I'm not doing j I'll be dead. All right. We'll see about that, huh? Yeah. Well, we will see about that. That's what's interesting. Imagine if you really do go to heaven and St. Peter really is there with a book. You're like, this is crazy. First thing you're gonna think is, this dude's gay as fuck. I think with that robe, you roll up a robe, some dude says a checklist or whatever. Imagine you're the most trying to get into hide or whatever. You're The most enlightened being ever. But you walk around with a robe on robes are stupid. I never wanna wear a robe. Even If I have wear A robe, when, if I have to go to like a, a massage place. You go to wear a robe before you take the robe off. I'm like, okay, you're gonna see me in my underwear in five minutes. So why don't we just do it now? It's Flirting.


It's Lingerie A robe yet dude, a robe. He is just male. Linger way. Why would God be wearing a robe with a rope tie? Bro? Don't You know about pants? I don't know. You get yourself a pair of origin stretchy jeans. They're great, man. They look like jeans, but they feel like fucking sweatpants. God, why you, You, why you wearing a robe? Man? You think God's got that thing on him or what? What do you think? I Probably got a Hog. You think he created the universe? Yeah. Oh My God. But it Too, I bet you would want it. I bet. I bet you would want it if you saw it, you'd want it. I wouldn't tell. I wouldn't go up to it. Imagine It just has a magical attraction. You know? Like, you're not even gay, but everybody's gay for God. Hey, look, I'll tell you this, I might walk up to it, but I put sunglasses on first.


Dude, Listen, if God's real, he made gay people. Anybody who thinks gay is a choice. I think gay is a choice for some people. Let me be real clear about this. I think there's some people that are open-minded and say, I'll try being gay for a while. It's not me. Maybe it's you. Greg Ssim said he almost tried it and, and you've panicked at the last minute. Really? And ran away. Yeah. I Wouldn't, he thought he had to openminded had to stay open up late to do it. I feel like, I feel like it's like a late night activity. A lot of gay stuff doesn't happen at nine in the Morning till past one. Yeah. Past 1:00 AM I like to get to bed at a decent hour. My Point is, God made gay people. Yeah. So it's clear if God made everything, he made people that are gay. The craziest religious answer, like Ben Shapiro gave me this answer, he said he thinks you should ignore.


Don't do it because it's a sin. Just like you wanna murder people, but you don't murder 'em. Yeah. Like, bro, how much do you wanna murder people? Like, it's like, 'cause gay people wanna fuck every day. Yeah. Like, you don't, who wants to, if you wanna murder people every day, check yourself in. That's, that's a crazy comparison. Like the gay thing is literally your sexual expression. Like you're attracted to other guys. So like, if you're not attracted to other guys, you think, are you sure God wrote that down? Like, are you 100% positive that God really thinks that's a bad idea? But yet he made people that have that urge. Right. It wouldn't be, it wouldn't be fair if he did that. Yeah. It wouldn't be Right. Right. I think the craziest thing is, I think if you, the first gay dude must have been like, what's going on?


You know, like he's sitting there with his wife or whatever and his buddy comes over to like, You know, to just look around or whatever. 'cause then that much stuff back then, and his buddy comes over just to like look around or tell him about a, like an animal. He saw or something and he just starts thinking, man, I'm gonna fucking, I bet I'm gonna get this little rabbit. I bet it existed from the jump. Little rabbit. Little rabbit. That's he. Think about that. What you think as a gay dude, I think you Get that little rabbit. That's what Get that little fucking booty rabbit. Booty cat. Huh? I think gay guys have been here from the very be Beginning. I'm a snort that little fucking, You know why? Because I think human beings That little dirt oyster Jesus Christ. I'm just saying, bro, what do you think if you're the, if the the thoughts have to come into your head, something puts the thoughts in you.


I think it starts in the thoughts. I don't think it starts in the DNA. Well, it might start in the DNA too. There was, I think, see if you can find this, I think it was University of Rome. They proposed a theory that there was a variation of the X chromosome that existed in women that are very promiscuous. And that these very promiscuous women had a disproportionate amount of gay sons. Oh My God. Yeah. So the idea is that these women are just so, they're so dick hungry that it literally passes on through their genes. Where Was it? Was it in Rhode? It wasn't in Rhode Island, was it? No, But that's could, that could happen in Rhode Island. Providence would be a good place for that. That's, isn't there like a gay mecca that's kind of there?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Provincetown, I think, Is that it? Yeah. Jeffo it. Wasn Massachusetts. What's his name? Used to party there. Jeffo from this comedy store. I think Provincetown's, Massachusetts. But there's, I know what you're talking about. There's a thing in Rhode Island and then there's Fire Island in New York. But I think their thought was that the same gene that made women like really promiscuous, they wanted a bunch of different sexual partners at this same, that it might be actually a gene thing. Hmm. You see the gene thing is weird, man, because Brett Weinstein explained this to me. He said, do You know the difference between a beautiful woman and a woman who's hot? And I said, no. Like what's the difference? He was like, A beautiful woman is a woman that you would want to have a long-term relationship and raise children with.


Yeah. And then a hot woman, like woman is wearing like very skimpy clothes and very like, looks like she's like really made up very, the idea that that's attractive is that you could potentially spread your genes quickly without having any consequences. So the this person, right, right. You wouldn't have to have a relationship with that person, but it would give you an opportunity to spread your genes like as primates Just spray and stray kind of thing. Like Monsanto or whatever Fertility, the, the amount of children they have, I think or Something. Oh, I thought it was, I thought it was the promiscuous women. I think I'll show you the title. Does it say that there, it says the, I hope that one of this is their interpretation.


This is, yeah. That's around the time Gay gene survived evolution as it is carried by mothers who have more children. Right. But guess what? If you have more kids, it means you like Dick. I think they were talking about promiscuity though. However, a study published by the Journal of Sexual Medicine found a correlation between gay men and the mothers. Their mothers and maternal aunts who are prone to have significantly more children compared to the maternal relatives of straight men. I think we need more gay men in some of these areas. Right. Well, hold on a second. Doesn't that make sense though? That would make sense. Like in terms of like natural selection. 'cause if you're someone who's like over having kids, okay, you have too many kids.


You have like 10 children. All right. I would see how nature would be like, You know what, we don't need to spread these genes as much. Let's make a couple of these gay. Right. Nature's like let's let's even things outright. Right. So I think That would make sense. Nature wants people to be Balance. Yes. Balance. Nature wants balance. Yeah. And if someone has 10 kids and everybody else has 10 kids, that could get outta hand real quick. Definitely. So I could see how if you have a lot of kids nature be like, You know what, let me do this. What was that? Where was that study done from? Where? You said University of Rome? University of Padova in Italy. Okay. And just as there's people that gay, there's people that are nonsexual at all. Really? 100%.


Which is stay outta the stay outta the fight. You don't belong in the two A two plus a. Yeah. Whatever that is. So what is it? It's QBD. What is it? L-G-B-T-Q-L-G-B-T-Q Q2 A i plus. Oh A is asexual. Stay out of it. Yeah, Stay out of it. It's not your fight. Yeah. They got it. Some people It's not your fight. Yeah. You're just like, You don't even have sex with anybody. Yeah. What if you're just jerking off at your house? Are you in that or what? Like what is that? Who are those people? Right? That's lonely. Sexual. Yeah. And LI think they're gonna put robots in there. You see that?


You see that robot cutting hay the other day. I did not Pull that up. If you don't mind, Jimmy. With a, with a sth. Like the reaper. Yeah, like a reaper. Yeah. It was like a, don't wanna see that little bit of like a, not a slave bot or whatever. But We were talking about robot bodyguards that in the future you'll have robot bodyguards. You go anywhere you want. That'd be cool. But then like the second you start, you gotta run, they're gonna be like, oh right. And then they'll run. It's gonna take half a second, half a second, kills everything. I Bet they just pick you up and they run with you. Wow. They just carry you. Did you see this? It's not real. There we go. Right here. This is not real. Oh, that's not real. It's not real. Wow. I mean, Jamie, you're a party pooper. It's, look how it's moving. Super real. You See that pod where they're Jamie, that is so real. Oh, That's real.


Go back 100%. That's coming. Okay. Yeah, sure. But Yeah, they're just saying that Video, I mean all these folks that are coming over here for jobs, there's a lot of those jobs. They're gonna be taken by like unskilled labor jobs are all gonna be robots too. But don't you think at a certain point that we shouldn't have that? Like at a certain point, shouldn't ai, it doesn't, if it doesn't help us be human that at a certain point we should stop it. That's how I feel like. Oh Yeah. Yeah. But There now a time ago. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They should have stopped it a long time ago. If you want humans to survive, should have stopped it a long time ago. Yeah. If you want the human race as it is now, you want this to stay, it's, that doesn't make sense. 'cause you're making something way better. You are.


You're one or a hundred percent gonna make something and you're gonna give it autonomy and you're gonna give it sentient. And it's gonna be infinitely smarter than us. It's not gonna be restricted by any biological needs. It's not gonna be greedy. It's not gonna be mean, it's not gonna be malicious. But it might decide we're useless. They might decide that it def definitely doesn't need us polluting the ocean and fucking up the fucking rivers. And it's risky. Yeah. Nuclear waste. It is gonna be like, what are you doing morons? Why are you idiots cracking atoms? Stay outta that. Like, like you don't even know what you're doing. Here's, Here's free porn and a, a fucking VR mask. Just, just, you'll give you free food. Have A blast. Yeah. Let you stop breeding.


Well the, our population will just drop off a cliff. They just, I saw they, what were we talking about a second ago? Robots. Yeah. Oh, they're killing people at the airport. You want another hit of Yeah. I'll take another one, man. I need another soda or something. You got anything on you in here? We got coffee. You want some? Take another kill cliff if you got one. Can I get One? Well, Jamie, go get you one want of coffee. You don mind. Is that coffee? Yeah. Yeah. I'll try. It's A Clean mug. It is. It's warm coffee. Eh? Just came Outta the dishwasher. Oh Hell yeah. It's like a civil war. Why do you poured it with one hand trapped underneath that arm? You're freaking me out. Challenging myself. Dude, That is wrist stability.


It wasn all wrist. You didn't move your arm at all, dude. You were all wrist on that gym. That's, that's Hard to do, man. Thank you. That's a, the wrist is the weakest link. You ever do like wrist curls? Yeah. I'm shocked at how weak bitch ass my wrists are. Oh, it's amazing. Curl. Well, it's amazing. Whenever you take like m Like a 10 juujitsu classes, how the first thing you start to learn is just control the wrist. It's crazy. Changes everything. Especially guys with big hands. Yeah. You get grab like guy with basketball player Sty hands. There's this dude named semi hilt. He used to fight in the UFC Semi, Semi hilt. He was seven feet tall. Oh wow. And the problem with semi is if you got on top of him, he just grabs your wrist. You can't get your hands free. Mm. Like It motherfucker, eh, because he had these Yeah.


Fucking baseball mitts for hands and just wrapped his hands around you. That's semi hilt. Wow. Yeah, He was a K one Grand Prix winner. Oh my God. He looks like Zach Bryan A. Little One time, seven foot tall. He was a beast dude. He fought in MMA too. Wasn't, wasn't a good grappler, unfortunately. It wasn kind of his downfall. But he had a nasty front kick to the body. Yeah. He fought Peter Ertz. He fought everybody. Man. Sammy was good and he was real tall and real good at like, utilizing that height. Wow. It would seem like I would be scared to be that tall on MMA 'cause you'd, there'd be more of you to be attacked by Sort of, but you're way further away. You know, like the whole thing is distance where you could effectively strike them and they can't strike you.


Yeah. Like a guy built, like John Jones has the perfect fighter's frame. 'cause he's still very strong. He has a lot of muscle, but he's also long and lean. So he is not relatively bunk bulky compared to his weight. 'cause he's long and stretched out. Yeah. So he can hit you from here and you can only hit him from here. This dis this amount of distance. Crazy is so huge. If you have a distance like that much between where a guy can hit you and you can't hit him, you have to cross that. And you're so vulnerable while crossing that. And if a guy's a good counter striker and he's active Yeah. And he's long, they're so, so hard to get in on. Yeah. So a guy like John that that's always gonna be an advantage.


And then with John, if you do get in on him, that's no picnic. 'cause he's a elite grappler. So he's gonna strangle you. He's gonna throw you to the ground. So like you, you're fucked. You're in this fuck zone on the outside. He is kicking the shit outta your knees. John was one of the nastiest of like side kicking people's knees out. Yeah. Yeah. Most dangerous guy. Very dangerous. People say that he's Dana White's favorite fighter. Do. Is that the truth do you think? Or is that just Well, Just, Dana White says he's the greatest of all time. Right. Which a lot of people say. Yeah. I don't, I've, I go back and forth on what I think the greatest of all time means. But if you want to, that's a good question. If you want to say like, who dominated his division longer than anybody who beat everybody. It wasn ever any good in his division And who never lost.


That's John Jones. The only time you could say he had a controversial decision was the Dominic Reyes fight. It wasn. Dominic Reyes was coming up. He was in his prime. It was a really good fight. A really close fight. But John won what I think was a split decision. And then he had a split decision with Tiago Silva. Tiago Santos. But Tiago Santos, he, he blew out both of Tia's knees. Tiago needed knee surgery on both of his knees after that fight. Oh. I think it wasn a split decision. That's dangerous. But the bottom line is, John won all those fights and then, You know, he wins the heavyweight title two. It's, it's tough to argue. He's not the greatest of all time. Yeah. I I, I say, You know, if you had to only pick one, I would pick John.


But I don't like only picking one. 'cause there's a bunch of reasons why other guys are in this elite class of being considered as possibly the greatest of all time. I always say Mighty Mouse. 'cause Mighty Mouse would do things where you're like, what the fuck did he just do? He, when he fought Ray Borg, he tossed him in the air and caught him in a fucking arm bar on the way down. Oh God. You Ever see that? No. I've never seen that. It's one Of the craziest things I've ever seen a guy do inside the cage. He threw this dude through the air and caught a flying arm bar in the air. Fuck. It's so fast. Like when it turned to me, it's like when I just think watch this throws him. Boom. Oh bro. Wow.


Dude, bro. Bro, If that dude ain't good at gif rapping, you got the wrong guy, bro. You know how crazy That is? What, look how crazy this is in the middle of the air. Yeah. He switches to an arm bar on an elite fighter in a world championship fight. That's like a stunt, that's like a stunt move. If you saw that in a movie, he'd be like, shut the fuck up. Nobody can do that. Right. He did it in an MMA championship fight where he was dominating the fight. Yeah. It's crazy how many of those guys would be like, or like Hollywood stunt man, You know? And then you gotta, you also gotta, like, if you just look on record, this is where it gets crazy. If you just look on record of accomplishments against Champions, you kind of have to put Alex Pereira already in the conversation of potential greatest of all time.


Which is so crazy. He's one of only three, two division champions. Right? He is. How many, how many have been two? You have Connor, you have dc you have Alex. I think that's it Didn't to per, no. No, I think that's it. Amanda. Amanda Nunes. That doesn't really count. 'cause 45 it does count. But 45 is kind of a non-existent weight class. Like It doesn't exist. He's, he's a hunter that Count. She was fighting girls that could have fought 35. It's, it's real. But like 45 is the most, 1 45 for women is the most shallow division in MMA. So Yes, you would say Amanda too. So it's a small percentage of people that have achieved that.


And he achieved it in record time. He's knocked out so many fucking champions knocked out Jamal Hill, not beat the shit outta Yie. Prohaska knocked him out in the second fight. It wasn Crazy, Bro. Who hunted him? Bro. Bro. He's that guy's unbelievable watching him. He's a fucking monster dude. He's a monster. He's a force. He's a force. What he did to Khalil Roundtree was a clinic. Khalil's amazing too. He's Amazing to do that to a guy like Khalil. Like it wasn a clinic in like elite world class MMA And at first, the first two rounds you're like, what is this? Like, what's going on? Yeah. Khalil's in it. It's, they're both in it. But then you start to see that prayer is hunting. It's like this hunting. Yeah. Yeah. The pressure never ends.


Yeah. And you're like, oh my God. It's like literally watching one of those snake like a snake when they're just kind of like, like you see that snake that ate that deer. It's like a 77 pound deer or whatever. Yeah, I did see that. You did? Of course. I see all that Shit. Shit's crazy, dude. Bring that up. Bring that up. That big dog. Man. I'm glad he says snake because that's kind of how Pereira moves. He moves like a snake. Like he pulls back and then he strikes forward, he pulls back. He's a master at just getting right outside of your shots. And then his shots are coming in right behind him and He operates at his own speed. Yeah. He's almost like Al Alvin Cama is a football player that does that. He operates at his, it's a speed you've never seen. It looks normal. Right. But it's different. Well, it varies a lot too.


Like sometimes he moves fast and sometimes he moves slow. It's very hypnotic And Yes, it's hypnotic. It's also unique. He's got a unique frame. So he kind of looks, he moves different on design. Wow. Like he doesn't switch his hips when he throws kicks. So you don't see him coming until it's too late. Right. So he's standing in front of you and when he kicks, there's no movement of his shoulders. He's just throwing these kicks out and they land and they're not as hard as if he put his whole body into it. Right. But it's hard enough where you're like, oh no. And you get hit with a couple of those three, four or five of those, all of a sudden you're like, I can't walk anymore. And now he's hunting you and he's hunting you. Yeah. See, I would put him already in the conver.


I don't think he's better than John Jones. Greatest of all time. But I, I already put him in the conversation as a potential greatest of all time nominee. He's fucking, he's right there. He's the male cat in his ever dean. He's only been In MA fucking For a few years. He's a hunter and He's only been in the UFC for a few years. Yeah. It's crazy. Couple MMA fights other than the UFC and then the UFC for this run at the top of the division just smashing everyone to O blither. So then you got Khabib undefeated. Oh yeah. 29, You Know. Yeah. What is the, the greatest Stier two? Oh, George St. Pierre. Another two division champion. That's right. Yeah. George won 85 as well. That's, I almost forgot George. Yeah. So George, one of the greatest of all times for sure.


Him. You put him in that conversation. I saw him. I got to see him in in Canada. Anderson in his prime. Anderson. His prime is in that conversation. You gotta look at him like in their, In the Moment. Whenever there's a moment, a time period. Yeah. Of like this amount of years to that amount of years. Well, let's all agree that this is the prime. Forget about when they should have retired. Let that go. Yeah. Just talk about them when they're at their best. Who is the Best. That's a good point. Yeah. Because everybody that's doing great, you wanna stay as long as you can. It would be weird if you didn't probably. But you can't judge 'em by how they were when they should have gotten out. Right. 'cause it's just a foolish endeavor. They shouldn't have been fighting a killer at 20, at 42 years old. You know, natural And it's timing too.


Yeah. There's, but there's just a lot. When fighters fight late into their career, you gotta kind of, you gotta kind of erase that when you think about their ultimate expression. Yeah. I feel like their prime is their ultimate. It's everything they could do. They did everything right. They crossed every t they measured all their food. They fucking did the cryo chamber and they did saunas every day and got massages and were sparring and doing strength and conditioning drills. And they were going over moves their coaches. Yeah. They had a battle plan. Everything. Fuck. So those guys, you can only do that for so long. There's, that's like a nine year at at the best when you're at the, so you gotta look like in that win, like Fedor in pride, you gotta look in that window.


Don't look at Fedor now. And You know, guys are knocking him out and it's just not the same. He's an old guy. Guy's been beaten up a bunch of times. He's still a bad motherfucker. But it's not, not that dude who was running pride in the early two thousands Right. At that. It's not fair. Yeah. You gotta look at them when they're in BJ Penn at his best. Yeah. The BJ Penn for a few years, I say is as good as anybody. Anybody does. I know you talk about him a lot. I've heard you speak about him a lot. Dude. You Just had a, in his, when he was in his prime, it was just a matter of, was BJ gonna get him in the first round? Was he gonna get him in the second round? BJ was hyper aggressive and just unbelievably Talented. I wasn't watching back then. And Dexterity, dude. He had crazy dexterity. He's the governor of Maui, isn't he?


Or no, no, No, no, no. He was running for the governor of Hawaii. Did he win? No, he Didn't win. Oh No. I went to Maui not too long ago, maybe four months ago. Maui's awesome. Yeah. It's all, but we went to the place where the hurricane, where the fires were Oh yeah. Were fires. Blew my mind, man. It's Still nothing. Right. It was unbelievable. Yeah. It was, it was just Like, it was unbelievable to see what had occurred. You know? And just like, it's crazy how quickly we just as a, like how we move past certain tragedies, You know, like Right. We don't mean to, it's just the news cycle does. And You know, we get kind of addicted to the news cycle and so then it's kind of hard, You know, but it was, I'll tell you one thing, what the way the administration handled that I think put a bad taste in a lot of people's mouth while at the same time they're sending all that money to Ukraine.


Oh yeah. I think it wasn a big problem with the, the Biden administration when they did that. I think you can't do that. You can't, while you're sending all this money overseas, ignore the people that are here. Because then it's like, why do you, why are you deciding in this manner that you don't want to help people that were hit with one of the biggest wildfire tragedies ever. Why are you, why are you deciding to give them $700? Like, Especially in one of the most beautiful places that our country has to even exist. It's like, Not only that, but you're not protecting them from potential land grabs. Right. 'cause one of the things that's going on with this is like, they gotta do insurance and they go through insurance and this and that, but meanwhile these people are still paying mortgages.


So like, what happens? And, And it's hard to figure out there, Joe, because a lot of people, they live as like second and third generations all living in the same home. Right. And they've also a lot of, You know, how, how Hawaii is, they like, they'll like take little pieces of land. It's like, You know, people will build like something small and just live in somebody else's yard, that kind of thing. It's very like, You know, well there's Only so much land, but the problem is the land where that fire hit was very valuable. Oh Yeah. It's like this perfect, like, like exactly slope heading looking down at the ocean. So what I would be fearful of, and if I was someone, it wasn working in the government that wanted to protect people, people from being victimized, I would say, Hey, let's make sure that this land doesn't get snatched up. Right. Let's make sure that these people get their land back.


That'd be the first thing I would say. Look, If they all wanna sell out to a resort and they make a decision on their own, You know, that's one thing. But if, if they get hit with a wildfire Yeah. And then all of a sudden it takes forever for them to rebuild. They don't have the finances to rebuild. Maybe there's a struggle with insurance. Who knows? Who knows? Maybe you didn't pay your insurance that month. Who knows? And now all of a sudden this land gets snatched up and you're like, whoa. Yeah. Because if they, just, like, one of the things that the governor was talking about was like turning it into a park or something like that. What did he say? Acquiring it for the state. What was his exact term that he said? But he said it like right after the tragedy. It was like, dude, This is not the time to say it.


It's not the time to ever say it. It's not the time to ever say you're gonna take people's land and, and turn it into a park. Well they 'cause they just got hit by a fire. Yeah. So now you, you used to live in this amazing place with a killer view. Not anymore. Yeah. Now the government's gonna take your land. Why? Because you got in a tragedy. What? Yeah. Like I got double fucked. You got double fucked. You don't even get to keep the land. Like, you can't even rebuild there. No, not anymore. There was a tragedy here. Like, wait a minute. Well, That, I think that's a weird thing when you don't feel like as a person that your government is gonna support you. I think that's, but that's probably like a feeling why? That sounds like the opposite. It's like your government's trying to rob you. Right? Like, did you find it, find the quote that he said.


I gotta you gotta read the quote. 'cause the quote is Like, It made so many Hawaiians so pissed off. I tulsi was so pissed off. BJ was pissed off. Yeah. Everybody was like, this is crazy. Like, how can you say that right after a tragedy like this? Yeah, I remember I went there. I, I just walked up to the fire department. It wasn like up the hill from there. Oh man. And I just walked up and I was like, Hey, I would like to, is there any way that I could go see what happened? This When I was looking for it, this says that it, the video is shortened And it makes the comments Distorted. It distorts Hawaii governor's comments about the state buying land in Lana. I didn't, this doesn't have to words. So what are the actual, what did the actual say though? I can find, I'm already thinking about ways for the state to acquire that land so that we could put it into workforce housing to put it back to families or to make it open spaces in perpetuity as a memorial to people who are lost.


We want this to be something that we remember after the pain passes as a magic place. And Le Hana will rebuild a tragedy right now is the loss of life. The buildings can be rebuilt over time. Even the banyan tree may survive. But we don't want this to become a clear space where then yes, people from overseas come and decide they're going to take it. The state will take it and preserve it first. Hmm. So maybe some of their goal, maybe some of their goal was to preserve it. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Say that again. Scroll back. This is interesting. But we don't want this to become a clear space where then yes. People from overseas come and decide they're going to take it. The state will take it and preserve it first.


I think what they're probably worried about then is the banks grabbing it. So them saying that the state could take the land might be to prevent the banks from grabbing it and selling it and putting something there. But it still seems like overreach if you're living in the fucking place where the state's gonna take the land. Well, It'd be very scary as just a regular person. Like, yeah. So I'm gonna lose, so I'm either gonna lose my right land from to here or to here. Right. Like, where am I going now? Yeah. What, what, what am I doing? You know? And you don't hearing anything about it. Just Yeah. You just don't anymore. We Looked it up once. There was a time where the government accidentally over sent money to Ukraine.


They sent them $6 billion they shouldn't have sent. Yeah. So we looked up how much would, would it have cost to rebuild every house in Maui from the fires? It's 5 billion. So the extra money that they accidentally, they could've sent there, sent to Ukraine, they could have sent there and rebuilt every house and had a billion dollars left over. But, But we have, we have give you $700. Unreal. That's disgusting. That's disgusting. Like, if you want us to pretend that we're all on the same team, you gotta treat us all like we're on the same team. You can't really be throwing all this money into Ukraine. And then there's places in America that suck and you're not doing anything to help these folks Like's nuts. Yeah. Nuts. It's just nuts. Yeah. And people, people will say like, well, your taxols don't affect it.


But at a certain point, it's not even about the, it's just like, do you not, like if I'm, if I'm an American and I'm contributing to this business by being an American and being part of the system, does the system not care about me? You know? But I guess everybody thinks about that in different ways. So I Know. Well, I think whenever you don have A system, I don't, man, I'm outta my mind System. You know, system's a bunch of people. And so when you have a bunch of people, an enormous amount of people, you, it's too many people to think about as individuals. You think about it as numbers. And that's, that's what, that's like the sort of sociopath version of a government. They just think of you as a number. Yeah. But when people start to lose their pur, like if you start to lose your sense of being an American, and you start to, that's a, that's big for a lot of people, right?


Like, so then it's a sense of purpose, right? One of the senses of purposes I feel like that we get, or like having a job, having a family or somebody that loves you or that you love or having, being a part of a country, right? Being a part of a fabric of a society. Right. And when those things start to erode some of those things, and if you don't have any other ones to back it up, then people get really rogue, You know? Oh, Well, they get rogue. Especially if they've been told by the mainstream media forever that if one side wins, you're gonna be in a right wing fascist dictatorship. Yeah. That should be just that. It just fucking pisses me off. I don't understand that, that that should a crime. It should be, well, it's the very least, it's like slanderous. Like that's not, it's not true.


You can't back that up. It's not true. Like you're, you're saying something that we, we have evidence of four years of him being a president and not doing that. Not what Does fastest mean? Let's look up the actual definition. But there's a bunch of different versions of it. It's usually connected to a right wing authoritarian ideology and a, the power of the state over people. And it gets twisted around a lot because it's also, you could also say it's fascist topo impose certain ideas on people demand certain speech, which is, which would make a lot of left-wing people fascist as well. Far right. Authoritarian and utilitarian, ultra nat, ultra nationalist political ideology and movement characterized by a dictatorial leader, centralized autocracy, militarism, forcible suppression of opposition, belief in natural social hierarchy, subordination of individual interests for the perceived good of the nation, or race and strong regimentation of society and economy opposed to, and our anarchism democracy, pluralism, egalitarianism, who's liberalism, socialism, and Marxism fascism is placed on the far right wing within the traditional left right wing spectrum.


Who's doing all that? No one is. So it's like, it's a bullshit term that you're throwing on a guy who has a different political philosophy than you put it back up again. Please. It's like there's real fascists in the world. There's real, there's really dangerous people that guy's not, he's, he's got a big ego. He says ridiculous things who talking about Trump. He doesn't behave like a guy that you think of in a traditional sense of being the president. But No, he just seems like a, just a older guy who kind of has like, likes being Donald Trump. And I think he loves being Donald Trump, but I think he's got some good ideas that a lot of businessmen agree with. Well, I think you need a businessman to do this. It's not a, it's not a, we don't live in a, like this, like care bear world anymore.


Our, our politics. It's become a dirty fucking business. Yeah. So you, I think you want a businessman in there. Like, I don't care if somebody, like somebody's attitude, can the guy do business? Then That's who I, 'cause it's not a, it's not, it's all business now. Like we've been, it's been sold out. It's like, I don't feel like it's this. I don't know. Does that make any sense? Dude, sorry dude. I'm fucking having a day, man. No, don't apologize. I know what you're saying. I know what you're saying. Yeah. It is business, but It's like you want a shrewd businessman. I don't need Mary Poppins in there. Right. Right. I don't need somebody to tell me everything's okay. I need just like, I need somebody to make our fucking food safe.


I need somebody to make our streets safe. Right. And that's all I really need. Like Right. I feel like if I'm paying taxes, then those are the things that I should expect that my FDA and that my police department, which I'm paying for are gonna be able to make sure that I can raise a family and raise them healthily and make it home from work to see my children. I feel like I don't have any children yet, but I already feel, You know, that's what I feel like people want. I I I don't care about anything else. Yeah. I think most people feel the same way. They just wanna be safe and happy. RFK JR tweeted something. See if you can find that. Well, Adam McKay had a great, great tweet. Did quite Tweet, but our RFK tweeted like a message to The thing you sent me yesterday.


What is it? The RFK one? Yeah. Is it wasn long, Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's the matter, Bro? They're having the worst day today, man. I got it right here if you want, Jim. I got It. Sorry, I'm being a downer. No, you're not being a downer. But you keep, wasn't It this? That's it. I'm sorry man. Look at that. FDA's war on public health. It's about to end. This includes its aggressive suppression of psychedelics, peptides, stem cells, raw milk, hyperbaric therapies, chi lad compounds, ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine, vitamins, clean food, sunshine, exercise, nutraceuticals, and anything else that advances human health and can't be patented by pharma. If you work for the FDA and are a part of this corrupt system, I have two messages for you.


Ah. Number one, preserve your records. And number two, pack your bags. Pew, Pew, pew, pew. Whoa. That's what's crazy. That's about Trump winning. That's what's crazy. Yeah. That's the thing I like, I just, and you got, I love This. People like tulsi. That's, You know, that's, that's the type of person you want, Congresswoman. Yeah. For eight years. Like impeccable character. And then you've got Vive, who's a genius. You got JD Vance, who's fucking brilliant as well. Oh, he's great. So you have neat guy, a bunch of good people with him. This go around. Well, Yeah. It's like we gotta Like get people off each other's necks, man. You know? That's what we gotta do. We gotta get people to like stop attacking each other.


It's so crazy. Well, I felt a sense of like, even after the election was over, I, it felt like people, everything just felt kind of calm. Yeah. Well, it's a team thing, dude. It's like your team lost. It really is. It's these people that are super addicted to politics. They, they're like people who don't fall sports. Yeah. Who never played any games. Then. This is the, the way they compete. They compete for the most important thing. Like who gets to dictate the, the tone of the country. Right. Right. Yeah. I've never expected politics to have any effect on my life. You know, even when I was a kid, I didn't, You know, my mom told us, don't ever depend on the government for anything. You know, it's like you just, you have to do it.


You just have to figure it out, You know? Yeah. Like they used to have some rich dude or whatever, like, like our street. It would like cut between like the highway and like this other road where people would go. And so they had a guy who was like a veterinarian or whatever, and he would go down our street. He would stop and throw out like these, like he was a, a veterinarian and he would throw out like animal carcasses into our ditch and shit. Right. So we Jesus Christ. Like dead cats and shit. Yeah. Dead animals, You know, different animals. Nothing really, I would say medium size, You know, probably 32 waist and lower. Right. Right. He would throw those bitches out into the fucking, and I guess to just get rid of 'em.


And our neighborhood was like the poor neighborhood. So it was like, who gives a fuck about these people? Right. What an Asshole. Totally. But we Call, just throw 'em in the streets, throw 'em in the ditch. But we call the police and they'd be like, yeah, we'll help. And they would never come, You know? And my mom was like, don't ever, I remember telling us, do not ever expect the government to fucking help you do anything. You have to do shit yourself. You know? Also, cops don't want to take dead animals and fucking pick it up and put in a bag. Like, that's not what they signed up for. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, if They're not busy, then go investigate the, let's see what, what kind of animal was this? Investigate the local, just veterinarian. And he would just throw those bitches. And sometimes we, it would be, You know, after they died or whatever, like after they, like, You know, after the bones got blanched or whatever by the sun, we would fucking throw, You know, do like games or shit, but nothing what, You know, throwing at each other.


You fucking, dude, you guys Were throwing bones at each other. Yeah. Fucking Six rim cages there. Yeah. Oh God, you fucking bro. Welcome to Haiti, dude. It was fucking, That's probably why you don't get sick a lot. Got immunized by the, all the bacteria and finding dead animals. It got, we. Yeah. I mean we had a good time, but nothing like that snake had had in that ditch. Bring that thing back up, dude. I wonder how many fucking kids that get helicopter parented get allergic to more shit. 'cause they don't get exposed to things. They're not crawling around playing in dirt and shit. All that stuff's probably gotta be good for your body, right? When you're little kids, especially playing in dirt, playing outside. Oh yeah. If you're just sheltered or whatever. Yeah. Just for your biome.


It's gotta be good for you. You know, I'm trying to think of what was in our biome or whatever, or whatever, You know, I gotta ask my mom, I guess. Yeah. That snake was crazy. That's the crazy thing to me, man. I seen a snake eats something like that. Do You know how many snakes there are in the Everglades? There's more pythons. More pythons in the Everglades. I would guess. 150 th Oh no, that's even low. I bet. I would bet 200,000, 500. Wow. That's just a rough estimation. They could be off by a factor of who fucking knows. They don't really know. It's dense, dense, dense, dense jungle. Yeah. And the guy you're asking is probably like, eh, it's probably five.


You Know, I had this dude in here, Python cowboy. He goes and hunts for him. He's got a dog and the dog will find the nests. Let's just say that. He Go, he's pulling these giant ass pythons out of nest full, that Dog's been sexually assaulted. I bet I'll say that. Dude, That dog's a psychopath. It's going after something that could easily swallow it. Yeah. She, dude, that's a 77 pound deer. You see that? Yeah. Dude. That damn that thing is a damn sixth grader dude. They eat alligators. That's Crazy. This is the crazy thing because of the introduction to pythons into the Everglades. Yeah. 90% of all the mammals are missing. Yeah. There's no mammals anymore. Oh, they ate 'em all. They ate 'em all. Wow.


90% are missing. How long does it, how long does it take a snake to eat something that big? Well, the thing is, the number of snakes, like, it's the perfect environment for those animals. Like, it's like they just got dropped off in paradise. Nothing eats them. There's no crocodiles, Snakes. Yeah. They're living it. Yeah. So some alligators must eat some of them, But how long does it take a snake to eat something? Look At this 2012 study found that populations of raccoon had declined 99.3%. A possums 98.9%. And bobcats 87.5% since 1997. Marsh, rabbits, cottontail, rabbits, and foxes effectively disappeared over that time. Gotti. So they've essentially eradicated all the rabbits and the foxes.


But how long does it like, I mean, yeah, it's unbelievable. But how long that's Satan working as well. And how long does it take? How long does it take a, a snake to digest? Like how long does it take good once to get that deer? That's a good question. I wonder. I know that Like is it days or is it like weeks? Let's guess. Okay. A full deer one week. I say one week. Oh, that's a pretty good guess. I wish that because There's like antlers and shit and hoe. Yeah. Yeah. Wish I guessed that. Let do Think they swallow the antlers. Do they go to for the bucks and swallow antlers? Well, I bet. Can you imagine swallow? You feel like such an asshole when the antler was going down, you'd be like, oh my God, I can't believe I swallowed the antler.


That's gonna take forever to break down. You're just gonna be rolling around with antlers inside your chest forever. Oh, everywhere you go. Ow. Ow. Just the revenge of that deer. There's No comfortable way to sleep. And What do they do with the antlers, man? Well, they must die. I, I'm sure they just get to that point. And the rest of the body is d is d Well, The antler is, is just bone. But it's so pokey like look at it. I would bet three weeks isn't, Isn't that the wildest thing? Nature does dude. Nature gives them weapons for a few months. This is what, what happens with a deer? Okay. Like, and when they stop breeding, these fall off every year.


So these, you find 'em on the ground, they call 'em sheds. So you can only defend yourself while you're breeding. Exactly. And it's offensive as much as it's defensive. They run at each other and clash. You see 'em fighting. It happens all the time. It's pretty fucking cool. They go after each other and just fuck each other up and Yeah, they'll see 'em sometimes hooked together. Yeah. I mean, nature's danger. Nature is really blow. Really unbelievable. What's the, that's the number one person in the world. I Saw a horrible video of these two deer that got locked together. Yeah. So that clash and antlers, they got locked together and one of them got eaten by a coyote. So one was still alive, connected to this body, couldn't get away while the other one got torn apart by a coyote.


Ah. And it was just dumb luck that the coyotes picked him versus that. 'cause neither one of 'em can get away. The coyotes recognized that they were locked into each other and just picked one and went after 'em. Just gutted them. That's like when we were in a threesome. But nobody wants to touch you. Kinda, You know, it wasn interesting. He, He, He's trying to eat one with antlers and got Got fucked up. Fucked up. Oh god. Oh, it cut his own body open bales on it. Oh, it split his body wide open. Oh my God. Oh, look at his mouth. He's got the antlers stuck through his fucking jaw. I would hate. So I hate it when people take Oh, He slid off of it. Wow. I hate it when people take a long time to eat, You know? Well it went right Through 'em. Yeah, But don't you hate that though?


Like, when you're eating and somebody, you are done eating and they're still eating. That doesn't bother me at all. That bothers you. Yeah. Why? That doesn't bother me even a little bit. Really? No. Yeah. Like you're at a restaurant and they're done. Right. They're done. You have to fucking, you're done. And they're still just right. They're still eating. Yeah. Well just talk to them. Yeah. But then you kind, you feel like you have to pretend like you're still like scraping your bowl or whatever. You're like, no, No. You're thinking too much. I think it's crazy to sit there and watch somebody eat that's fucking do you. Yeah, bro. Why? Because dude, they're eating. Yeah, but you were eating with them too. Yeah. But you're done. So what now you're just gonna fucking look at 'em.


I'm just gonna look at 'em. Yeah. Like, how is it, tell me about each bite. No, I that, that I don't. Yeah, I just, I feel like if somebody's already, if I, if I, I don't like, I don't like when people eat real slow. Okay. It makes me nervous. Well, you should just like be real clear about that before you go out with someone Like It. Let's eat it. Okay. Like, we can eat together, but I got this thing. Yeah. Like when I'm done, you're done. Imagine if you like super reasonable boyfriend in every other way, but you just had this rule when I'm done eating, no one eats. And she's like, well this is bullshit. Like, I know it sounds crazy. I can't kick it. It's, I have a tick, I have a psychological problem.


I can't just hit this. So when I'm done eating, you have to be done. And I don't eat fast. I don't eat fast, but I'm warning you when that fucking bell rings, Hey, Bon app times up all fucked extra Off the table. Bon app times up. Dude, That would be the weirdest thing that you were obsessed with. You have to, you have to end at the exact same time. Last bite, That kind of shit. Yeah. I just, that would make me, I just, yeah. That kind of stuff. Little things kinda make me uncomfortable, dude. But that, what else was I thinking about? Pythons? Yeah. Pythons, whales or whatever. Big animals. Dude, it's crazy. Like how they have all those Airbnbs now where it's like you can stay in like a, like a hollowed out whale carcass out here on the pocket.


You know? It's like, like Airbnbs. Bring up some Airbnbs. Please sir. They've gotten weird. It's like, welcome to this. It's like, oh. It's like welcome to this two story whale carcass down here at Punta Verde Mexican. They make up, it's like Punta, every month there's a new Punta in Mexico. You're like, what the fuck are we doing? You renamed a city Every time. It's like, welcome to fucking Punta Pescado Mexico. You wanna stay in this two bedroom? You can stay In that. It's a Potato. It's a giant potato. What is that? What did they call it? Okay. 10 weirdest Airbnb listings. Let you sleep in a shoe. An elephant and a flying saucer.


It's a six potato. Let's go to the flying saucer. Oh shit. I Wanna stay there. That's yours dude. Bro. If I wasn't married, I'd have the stupidest house. My house would I, one of two things. I'd either have it built into the side of a hill like the Hobbit. Oh yeah. That'd be kind of dope. Or I would go full spaceship. Yeah. Just a house where a 16-year-old boy would see it be like, dude. Yeah. Yeah. Just appear to the child in you. Like kid Rock's vibe. Totally. Kid rock's vibe. Kid rock's. White House I maintain is the coolest celebrity house I've ever been to. It's one of one Man. It's not just one of one. It's, he's the only one that would even think about doing that.


It's like him and maybe John Daly would, would build a fucking White House. John Daly is unbelievable dude. It's awesome. Every time I go somewhere, every time he's there, he get an ambulance, takes him home. It's fucking unbelievable dude. Every time I'm there he like, he, it's almost like he hits a hole in heaven, dude. I'm like, this motherfucker's headed one time the ambulance came, he, they came in to look for him. He went out and sat in the ambulance to ride home with him, bro. Oh my God. And they're in the place and they're like, where is he? And we're like, he's, There's something everybody loves green and regulation about the overweight dude who's really good at a game. Dude. Do you see that golfer girl though? The girl that smokes the female John Daley?


Dude. No. Yeah. Puffer. Is she hot? Oh yeah. She smoked cigarettes. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. She's hot. Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. Welcome to D'S in Love. Welcome to 1980 four's Coming back. Let's do it Dude. Let's go Because I gotta get a damn wife, Joe Rogan. That's your move. Get yourself a golfer, wife, someone. Oh, look at that. Smoking cigarettes looking hot. Yeah. Lemme see. Ooh baby. Oh fuck. And smoking in front of everybody too. Yeah. She just rip starts On the, yeah. Is she From England? Yeah. Ah, there you go. Puffer. My Gavin. Dude, they Over there. They just fucking smoke. They smoke a lot more over there. Everybody's got a goddamn cigarette. Oh yeah. I'll smoke that lady.


I bet you will. Sorry. That's insane. That sounds like a Death. John Daley's Like also, man, she could be married. I have no Idea. Right Dude, don't be rude. The Fucks Wrong with you bro. I don't know. I'm just fucking, everything's high strung Today. There was a professional pool player, his name Was, someone tore It all. His kid Delicious. And everybody loved him 'cause he was this big fat dude who played really good. But it was the big fat guy thing that people liked. Right? Like, oh, you don't have to be a fucking athlete. You Have to be any good. Don't have to be a guy Eating salads and fucking getting up in the morning doing yoga before you come to the pool hall. No, this guy is out there eating hot dogs. It wasn kid. Delicious. Yeah. There's a great book about him. John Heim, I think his name running the table.


Yeah. Yeah. People love short term fats, man. There's something about it if You know there's a bigger guy and You know, you think he's not gonna live long. There's an exceptional amount of love that goes into them immediately. But John Dailey back in the day, wasn't fat. He was like an athlete. This is just a lifetime of like living hard. Oh, He's a fucking Look at like right there. He was fucking stout, dude. Oh, he looks, no, John d is an exceptional guy. Great storyteller. He's a fucking, he's the Santa Claus of every seven 11 I've ever been to look At that hair. And, but he's a guy that's been playing golf for like how many fucking years now. You know? I Don't know. Definitely. You know the feel you must have of that ball playing professional golf for all those years.


Yeah. He'll hit a 68 in an ICU. Dude. This guy's one of a kind. I feel like, You know, nobody could do it like him. He's exceptional. All he drinks is diet coke. Yeah, Sure. He doesn't like water. Yeah. He likes things other than diet. I'm sure. But he, he doesn't drink water. No, he's great man. I'm sure he drinks alcohol too. Yeah. Don't you wanna stay at this airb? Don't you wanna stay in this hollowed out moose carcass out here in Bend, Oregon. Do You It's it's, Don't you wanna stay in our tree house? It's who built this? Where do I Shit Dude. Airbnbs have gotten so crazy. Don't people rent out like tents and shit? Yeah, it's, yeah, it's like they'll, They'll supply you the tent and everything like that.


It's just like regular shit and people are like, yeah, we'll go stay there. Yeah. You know, wanna sleep all, If you don't, if you don't want set up a tent, like, I like camping, but I'm too lazy to set up a tent. I'll just show up at your house. You Know, you get them rods and shit. You got Piece pain in the butt together And fucking, it's all like, And you look sad in front of your wife too. You're like, And you're tying it down. Dink dink dink the ground. Dink dink dink. And then you realize when you're just sleeping in a little cloth house. Yeah. Out in the woods. Hey Bunny. Yeah. There's an Airbnb tent. Tent. That's nice. Dude. That's probably in Austin. You, You can fucking in this tent bro. Fuck yeah. Yeah. Let's Go. You ever did a lot of fucking outdoors? Or what was your life like? Outdoor Fucking is the way to go. I ain't scared of mosquitoes. I'm an outdoor fucker.


Whenever possible. Did you ever do any when you were younger, Joe? Shit. Yeah. I stuck away in the woods. Me and this one girl, we've we're fooling around the woods. We never got to the actual sex part. Yeah, we got close. We got ate alive by mosquitoes. We tried to get naked outside and so like literally our whole body. So it was covered in mosquito bites. It was horrific. Were we all near a stream or was it more landlocked area? It was near a River. Yeah. Yeah, it the Charles River. My guy. Yeah. Kids would just go into the woods, You know, we'd always find kids drinking in the woods. Yeah. You know, like we lived in an area, I lived in Newton, Massachusetts when I was in high school. And Newton is, it's a great town, like a really cool area. And where I lived, which is called Upper Falls, there was all these like woods and trees and shit.


And the river was right across the street from my house. And it was Like, It was always these wild kids like playing Billy Squire on a boombox and smoking cigarettes. And it was like the outsiders was, it was really interesting. And then one kid would get a car like, oh Shit, Bobby's got a car, You know? Oh, it wasn the best. Dude. Bobby's driving us around Rockford five skates in the trunk just coming down the street. Dude, To this day, one of my favorite cars, I have a 1970 Chevelle and I got you own it? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh, bring it up. I would like to see that When I was, but when I was a kid, yeah. Before I had a car, my friend picked me up in his buddy's car. I didn't know the other dude. I met him like from school or something like that. But I didn't know him and he picked me up in this 1970 Chevelle.


It was black with white stripes And it was perfect. And I remember I saw it. I was like, how does he own this? How can you own this? Yeah. Like that's how I felt like I was sitting in the backseat of the car. I was like, this is, this car is so crazy that you could own this car. And he, I remember he ran outta gas, but coasted right into the gas station. Oh. And stopped the car in front. It was like the coolest thing I'd ever seen in the life. There's nothing better. The guy owned that car somehow. As a 16-year-old boy, I was looking at this car going, how, how did you do this? How did you do this? Let's see it. No, that's, that's a different car, Jamie.


That's my 1970 Barracuda. That's a beautiful, I don't think the 70 Chevelle is on anywhere, but it's, it's a Just go Google Black 70 Chevelle SS white stripes. I just, dude, there's nothing that's, there's nothing Like It. That's it. There's on The wrong video. There's nothing like running outta gas and coast into the fucking pump. Dude. Mine looks almost exactly like that. But that's exactly like this kid's looked when he picked me up and I got a ride in his car. I was like, this, that's a 69. That's another ama amazing car. But that one up, the upper one in the middle. That's my, that's my actual car. That's my car. Oh, wow. Yeah. Dude, I love that thing. That's my favorite. I think outta all of 'em. I love it so much. It just, Because it brings me back to that moment when I was a 16-year-old kid.


Yeah. And this guy had this car. I was like, how do you have this car? How is this even possible that you have this car? Yeah. Oh, it wasn cr dude. If Acra, if an older, if an older kid picked you up when you were a kid and he had a car, it wasn like, yeah. Getting into like somebody who had a car's car when you couldn't even have a car was the craziest feeling ever. Because you couldn't Believe It. Yeah. You were like, what The things that we completely take for granted, like, your buddy picks you up and give you a ride. Like, Hey, what's up? What's up Will, how's it going on? It's normal for you now. Like, oh, I'm just sitting in the backseat of my friend's car. But back then it was like, whoa, Whoa. How do, what do you, yeah. Hey, play something cool on the radio. Everything meant something. I remember my friend Mike was taking flying lessons when I was in high school.


And I went up in an airplane with him when I was 14. He, we were both 14 and he was taking flight lessons. One of those like, what the fuck? I'm letting this 14-year-old kid fly me around with him in a plane and an instructor. Yeah. But back then, like you would just, you, You just do shit So thrilled just to get outta your fucking house. You'd hop in your buddy's backseat. You're like, where are we going? Yeah. I don't know, man. We're gonna go to Bobby's house. Yeah. All right. You're listening to songs on the radio. You couldn't believe you were in a car. Yeah. And it mattered. Like if your hand was out the window, the window was down. If the window was up, how you were operating, if the seatbelt was on, if your arms were over the, you wanna look cool?


Yes. You want look cool. You Got one hand on the steering wheel, one hand out the window. What Up? And you thought everybody you drove past looked at you. What's up kids? Yeah. How are you doing? Yeah. What's up kid? Just looking for some, I remember there's this one Dude, it wasn the days Man. When I was in high school, there's this one dude who was like, he, I think he was a couple of years older than us and he graduated, but he was dating a girl that still went to the high school and he had an eye rock Z Camaro with the T tops or no? Yeah, of course. Come on bro. You gotta Have the T tops. And this dude pulled in front of the high school and everybody like couldn't believe it. He was like the coolest guy alive. Look at him in his eye.


Rock z Picking up the girl that none of us can date rock. We saw you Go. Yeah. God. I fucking remember that shit, dude. I remember My brother one time. Fucking, I got more of this story. Sorry, go on. That dude Who had that eye rock ran over a guy accidentally and dragged him through the city for miles. Just Wow. Tried to like get the body out from under his car a couple times, but couldn't do it. But just kept driving. So driving around this IROC Z where a person stuck under the car driving from miles.


I hate that kind of stuff. Have you ever had like a bag stuck under your car or Whatever? Yes. That's different. I'm joking. I'm Joking. Yeah. I feel like That's a total joke. I feel like if you drive over someone, maybe pull over, Hey, maybe pull over. But I dunno, pulling over, dude, what do you do at that point? There's like guys that you hear about from high school. It's like you feel like you're in a Stephen King book. Like, stand By Me or something like that, You know? Oh, totally. Everything felt like kind of, they had the Stephen King vibes back then, You know? Well, It just, people just disappeared back then. And there was no phones and there was no internet. And you barely remembered people if you didn't see 'em for a month. Yep. Like you didn't even have a picture. I have like five pictures of my friends from high school, You know?


Yeah. And mostly 'cause my friend Jimmy sends 'em to me, but it's like, you don't remember. You don't remember what anybody looked like. You don't remember anything. But now Too much. Now You know everything. But back then, it's like, you would hear about this like one of your, one of the guys you went to high school with, you got in trouble and like, oh no. Now he's in jail. Yeah. Whoa. He's in jail. Like Todd's jail. Todd's in Jail. Yeah. Whoa. I remember I met this one dude who just got outta jail. Yeah. He was friends of my friend. The first guy I ever met. It wasn in jail. And he had just the weirdest vibe. The, I had a buddy of mine who actually, it was a training partner of mine who was one guy. He was like this one way, and then he went to jail on a drug charge. And he came out like three years later.


Yeah. He was a totally different person. Oh wow. He was super jacked. I don't know if they were, he was doing steroids or what, but he was like really jacked and fucking aggressive and super dangerous. And he was telling me these stories about jail and about all the, the fights that he had gotten into in jail. And he gotten like almost like a fight to the death with a mop stick in this guy. He was telling me these horrific fights. And it had just changed him, man. I mean, I had never experienced something like that before where I knew a guy before he went to prison. And then I knew him after prison and he was just a completely different person and fucking very dangerous to spar with. Like very dangerous. Yeah. Like he, we would try to kill you.


We would've, we would've wars. Like they weren't really sparring matches. They were fights. People were, yeah. Some people got dangerous, dude. Especially if they got on the drugs or got on the gear. You know, this Guy, this guy I think was both, I think he was on, he was on gear and I think he was doing coke. 'cause I know he was selling, he was selling coke. I know he was getting coke for girls and stuff like that. He wound up, oh yeah. He wound up dying. But here's, here's where it gets really crazy. While I knew this guy, like while he was training at the same gym as me, he got arrested and questioned in this murder where this guy who was an informant, they, I think he was an informant. They, they found him where he had been repeatedly injected with cocaine to keep him alive while they were breaking his bones.


So from him blacking out from the pain, they were injecting him with cocaine to keep him awake and conscious while they were breaking his bones with a hammer. I think then they, I think they cut his hands and his head off too. And he got, somehow it breaks my heart, man. Somehow he got implicated or at least questioned about that. I was like, yo, I Imagine even being in the other room while that's going on, imagine. Yeah. You know, even trying to watch a show or whatever, like, or just like you hear, you're like, keep it down, You know, Jesus, but Can't you guys insulate your torture house? It's fucking up the rest of the neighborhood. Yeah. I mean, what the fuck, dude?


I would never be able to torture somebody. I don't think I would be able, I'm trying to think of the things I could do to somebody You might be able to do if something, someone did something to your loved ones, I think you'd be surprised at what like a mother would do if she caught some person doing something to one of her children. To children. Yeah. You know? And a father too, huh? Yeah. Oh Yeah. But I mean, even mothers who you wouldn't think of as being like violent And do you think that's a choice they make? Or you think it's something that's just inside of 'em? It's inside of you and you, there's a choice too, but it's inside of you. You're like, we have instincts to protect our kids. You know? And you, you could get crazy violent. Yeah. And normal, regular people can get crazy violent to protect their children. Well, You Know, And it also seemed like there's a lot of cases now where people are deicing their own children, Killing their own children.


Well, there's, there's always been that man, there's always been evil people, But it's just sometimes, You know, crazy evil people Have children. Yeah. Man. There's people that poison their kids. There's, there's, there's, there's evil people out there. And in every, You know, stretch of the world, you're gonna get a certain percentage of our population that just doesn't come out. Right. You know? And that's normal. It's like everything, there's always a percentage that's just not right. Yeah. There's, well, whatever that struggle that the human race is involved in is if you wanted to break it down and like, just philosophically Yeah. It's essentially a struggle between good and evil always. It's always a struggle between good and evil. Yeah. And you're always going to have a certain amount of evil that you have to overcome. And I think that amount of evil that you overcome should be small.


But I think it, it enforces this idea to do good and that good conquers evil if everybody works together cooperatively. But you need something if you don't have resistance, it feels like people, what the way we're designed to constantly try to innovate and make better things and improve upon society and improve upon our own lives, we're, we're always like trying for progress. Right. I think that's all sort of tied in to competition. And competition needs a a, a foe. You need an antagonist and a protagonist, you need resistance. Yeah. And I think the unfortunate thing is that there is evil in the world. The fort thing, the fortunate thing is that evil makes you appreciate love And it, And it motivates people to stop evil.


Yeah. And it motivates people to limit evil. You know, like the calls for law and order in this country, like during the, the, the riots, remember when everybody was like, we need law and order. Oh yeah. We need law and order. You can't have just people breaking into things and stealing everything in law and order like that, that kind of stuff. It's like that, that's, that. That's good. Versus evil. It's evil to just smash windows and steal things in the name of some guy that you don't know who died unjustly. That's crazy. You know, you're just, you're just using this as an opportunity to say, fuck everyone. You can't have people just running around saying fuck everyone and lighting things on fire. You can't have that. Yeah. It's, you just, you can't have that. So like, when you encounter these different things, it makes you appreciate not having those things.


So it motivates you. One of the things that got people excited about Trump being in office is that he wanted to get away from all this defund the police shit. He wanted to get the country back to law and order. He wants us to increase manufacturing, increase all the things that make people feel good about the future. All the, it'll Give you purpose. Yeah. And they didn't feel that way about the message that we're healing. They were hearing from the other side. They, they, they felt Like It was gonna be more of the same shit and more of the same shit doesn't get anything done. We still keep getting involved in these wars that we don't wanna be involved in. Yeah. Shut it down. Shut down everything that doesn't have to do with us. I feel like for a while it's like, there's just a lot of stuff that we haven't even healed from in this country, You know?


Oh yeah. That's the biggest thing. Yeah. I think there's a lot of things that we haven't healed from that we should try to address as a group. You know, and that could be like, You know, everything from Native American times slavery, times opioid epidemic. There's tons of things I feel like that it's like, and I don't know how you do that. I mean, I know time has a lot to do with it, but it's like, I just don't know if sending our resources elsewhere is the most important thing right now when it's like we could, I think, try at least, well, Trump thinks he could fix these overseas conflicts. I don't know if he can, but the, the point is like, something has to be done. Yeah. We can't just keep throwing money at war and ignoring ourselves.


That seems crazy. And if you're, you're saying we're not ignoring ourselves. Well, we're not spending the, the money and the resources that we need to fix all the problems that we have. Well, yeah. It's like even if you look at like, You know, recently I learned, sorry, recently I learned that like the number one cause of medical debt is insurance is medical debt is the number one cause of bankruptcy in America. Right. Is it really? Yeah. That Makes sense. It's crazy. That makes sense. It's crazy that it's just such a laundering system that goes on. It's money laundering. Well, Yeah. Between Thing is between hospitals and insurance companies. Yeah. There's definitely, I mean, if you talked to Brigham Bueller from waste, well, he'll, he'll explain to you.


Yeah. I Went there the other day. He's the man I went to and I went there. Dude, nice. I've been trying to get well while I'm here trying to get, Get Well it's been tough. What were we just talking about? Medical debt. Medical debt. Yeah. He'll, he'll explain it real well. It's like, it's a, You know, it's kind of a fucked up system, but it just makes sense that that would be the number one reason why people would go bankrupt Because you, you're outta work. 'cause you got a medical issue, then you have medical bills. If you don't have insurance, you're really fucked if you don't have insurance. Like, woo. But it's just a scam. Like the prices for our drugs are so much more than other countries. Just things that it's like our government doesn't wanna make better deals because there's this middleman that's making a lot of money off of it. You know, There's that, You know, I don't know. There's, there's definitely a lot of influence with a lot of money.


I don't know a lot. And also companies that we need, You know, Pfizer makes good stuff. Makes, I mean, these companies make really beneficial drugs too. Yeah. But it's just, the problem with all these fucking people is they just want to make more money constantly. And if they can get you taking more pills than you need, they will. That's how they sell. They wanna sell pills. They can come up with a reason. Aren't you anxious? I am a little, Hey, here you go. And next thing You know, you're dependent and Yeah. It's like, do you have two legs? You ever been on a bicycle? Like, the things are just crazy, You know? Yeah. Your feet itch. Yeah. You ever read oatmeal praising cookies and you're like, well fuck it. This is me. I think we, We, we can't let 'em advertise. That's true. People are still gonna buy the drugs. But the advertising thing is crazy Because it affects the media too.


Yeah. It affects what people are allowed to investigate. It affects what the, the news is because the news is not gonna give you everything. They're not, they're gonna conveniently ignore things that would affect their, their partnerships. Yeah. You know, if you have a a Yeah. It's all advertising. Yeah. What, what did we say it was? Again? Amount of billions of dollars they spend every year on advertising pharmaceutical drug companies. Did you, were you, did, were you nervous about endorsing Trump or No? I usually try to stay out of it. Yeah. But I felt like I was getting urged to by Dana and every, there's quite a few people. I didn't think it makes a difference. I kind of already stated what I thought about the way things were going and that some radical change needed to take place.


Yeah. In my opinion, I just, I'm not buying like, You know, when we're talking about before with the way the country feels, like the way the country felt when Biden was in office was shaky. 'cause regardless of what you thought about his policies, what, what he didn't place, it was real clear something was wrong with him and they were lying to us. Oh yeah. So, but that, so that alone makes the whole country feel uneasy. Right. Even if you think that the administration is moving certain policies and certain things are moving in the right direction, the economy's moving in the right, right. General direction. Even if you agree to those things, when you have a guy that's at the front, that's obviously some in some way compromised.


There's something going on. Right. Something going on that they don't want to admit. Yeah. And everybody knows it. And he drifts off and he says things that don't make sense and something's wrong. So everybody feels uncomfortable, even if everything's going well. Right. Because for good or for bad, that person that's in that office kind of sets a tone for the country. And the tone for the last four years was confusion. So regardless of their policies, the tone that's being established whenever he talks or whenever she does interviews or she talks, is a confusing talk. There's word salad. And then, You know, there's like these moments where it seems like she just doesn't know how to wrap up a sentence.


Which can just be nerves. It could just be nerves. Talking in front of large groups of people. It doesn't mean she's not brilliant. It doesn't, it really doesn't. Some people, Yeah, she was new and kind of thrown into it. But Some people clam up when they have to do those things. But then there's the argument. That's the job though. You have to be able to do that because you're gonna have to be able to talk to Putin and, You know, presidents of these different countries and leaders throughout the world. You gotta be able to handle pressure. So that's kind of part of it too kind part of it too is you gotta be able to handle pressure. But the thing that people worry about Trump is that he's so antagonistic. You know? And that then that's the tone of the country and the tone of the country is not like the, the tone of the Obama administration, I always felt was the best because he was measured, never attacked anybody.


He was very articulate and smooth. Yeah. He was smooth. It was not a lot of ums and awe. Like some people, they Trump throws too many extra words in, but it's just his flavor. His flavor. He rambles. He goes all over the place. Like, I joke, look at his hair. What is wrong with my hair? He makes fun. It's funny. He's doing standup up. There's Obama was the smoothest. Yeah. And Clinton, Clinton was pretty fucking smooth too. Maybe Clinton and Obama. Those are the goats. So like, when you get a person for good or for bad that's smooth and talks like a pro, a professional, like an actual president, it makes everybody like, woo, he's got this, this guy's a real profe real professional president. Like look at him. Yeah. With Trump. You're like, I hate Taylor Swift.


Like, no, Don't do That. Don't say that. Yeah. You press the wrong button today, buddy. He, he Tweeted out that this, that lady that he allegedly slept with was, you call her horse face. Why was the president? I mean, it's So crazy to do. It's fucking Unreal. It, but for a lot of like super sensitive people and progressive people, that's why they wanna believe that he's Hitler. Right. They want believe they, they look at these things and then they, they don't look at it as like a flavor in the soup. Like look, it's all pepper. No, it's not all pepper. Like pepper's a part of it. Yeah. He probably shouldn't tweet. I hate Taylor Swift, but whatever. Yeah. What's important is like, what is he gonna do in terms of fix all these problems that everybody agrees are real problems.


Yeah. And can he do it and he can, can he keep all these people in his staff RFK, junior? I don't know. I don't know if he could do it, but I'm curious. But if he can, at least we have hope. If RFK really does the things that we think he wants to do and starts to kind of clean up some of the corruption in the system could be exciting. It'd be exciting. It'd be good for people, people, if we stop putting ingredients in foods that are illegal in Canada because they're dangerous, how about we stop doing that here? Yeah. Seems like a logical thing. It's not like Fruit Loops in Canada sell that less. Yeah. It's probably equal sales And people would get unaddicted quick. You're really just getting people addicted to things, You know? I don't even understand. And how about we prosecute that fucking Sackler family that fucking killed hundreds of thousands of people in our country? How about that? How about That? Yeah. How about that? Well, You, you saw the whole thing where they were trying to buy immunity.


Huh? They were trying to buy immunity. They were gonna have like a settlement where they would give X amount of billions of dollars. But then they were immune to prosecution. But isn't that what they did though? But I think what happened was they put a pause on that after the Netflix documentary came out. Wow. And it wasn, we talked about it once, but I don't know where it's at now. But that family, they made billions of dollars by getting people hooked on opioids. Unfuck, this family is mass murderers. Yeah. If they anybody with the last name, they should. I don't give, I kicked that gene pool out of our fucking country. Those people are fucking murderers. Dude. I think a lot of people still haven't gotten over that shit. And do You know that's It. Wasn the same family. It wasn involved in Valium. Yeah. I do know that mother's Little helper.


It wasn Valium. That's was ladies in the fucking sixties. Were Taking Valium fucking lizards. Get those motherfuckers outta here. And that's one thing that it wasn one of the reasons why I was like supportive of Vance. Like, You know, like I just believe he has a soft spot for that type of thing. And I hope that it'll get, I don't know if he can do anything. 'cause lobbies are so big now. Wasn't Someone in his family an addict? Yeah. His mother suffered from addiction, You know? Right, right. But he's just seen it, You know, make Sure that the Scra family was involved in the Valium thing. I don't want to have to edit that out as if I, I called him a piece of shit about one thing, but hey, we weren't a piece of shit about that other thing. I think they were though. I just, that's like, even thinking about it bro makes me so angry.


You know? Here it is. Because you don't Know the SCRA family member. Yeah. Arthur Sackler, a member of the Sackler family was a major figure in the promotion of Valium through direct marketing to physicians in the 1960s. Yeah. That is it. So same family. Yeah. Evil. Evil. It's Evil. That's evil. It's literally evil. Like if you it's Destroying lives. It's the It's devil. It's the devil. It's a drug dealer. It's one of the worst drug dealers. 'cause you're sneaking around with doctors. Yeah. You're sneaking around under the, You know, this, this guise of authority. Well, one of the problems is that the, say if you work for a politician Right. In, in, in DC Right. They can only pay you so much money by law. Right. To work with them and be like, help put their bills together.


Right. So at a certain point, the lobbyists can pay more to those same people who've been writing bills for the congressmen and for the senators. So they then go to work as lobbyists. That's one of the biggest problems. Right. Right. So a lot of it is that we have a cap on certain salaries. Right. And that we also have a law that a, we, we also don't have a law that stops people once you work for one side that you can't work for the other. Right. Right, right. That's the thing with the FDA and pharmaceutical drug Companies too. Right. And I'm not saying that there's, I don't know the answer. I'm just saying that that's one of the thing that's one of the reasons why that happened. It's a conflict of interest. Right. For sure. And it, it's just nobody regulated it. Nobody they allowed it to happen. Yeah. It should be, if you are working for the FDA should never be able to leave and go to a pharmaceutical drug company where you then make incredible amounts of money.


That seems like a conflict of interest. Like you would be willing to do if you had had conversations with these people and they'd say, listen, you'd nice to us in a couple years. Golden parachute. You want a yacht? I think you need a yacht. Yeah. And next, You know, you're, you're a millionaire. Look. Which is bizarre that you can do that. It's just as bizarre as the whole insider trading in Congress. You know that a bill's gonna get passed. You know, this bill's gonna affect a stock. You gamble high on that stock, the bill gets passed and you make a lot of money. That seems illegal. That seems illegal. Yes. Cheating. That seems crazy. But there's a lot of those things, man. And this, this system was set up by people and people are flawed.


Right. That's a good point. Yeah. It's like nothing. No one's gonna do anything perfectly. I don't know. Well, it's not just that accountability and transparency in terms of like, what's actually going on is way different now because our access to information is way different now. Like anybody can just sort of Google budgets and Google this and you find out that, and you find out things about the Pentagon and that about this. Like, there's just, it's, you don't have to look in the New York Times anymore. Right. You know, you don't have to wait for the news to come on at five now. You get it whenever you want it. And that's sort of changed everything with what you can get away with and not get away with. So for the longest time, even though there's rules and the constitution set up and the Bill of Rights, there's been people that have had a lot of Power For a long, as long time without a bunch of people looking at him.


And now more people are looking at them than ever before. And then you get this guy, like Trump comes in like FBI, They're crooked throw. Whoa Bro, what are you doing? You go war with the CIA this. He's like that drunk uncle dude, bro. What about barren Trump, dude? No. There's no credit. Like whatever you think about this election, I, the whole thing to me is fascinating. First of all, because Dana White made so much stuff happen. Oh yeah. Right. I Mean, Dana White made the Trump thing happen for sure. He was a li he Was trying to get me to have Trump on in like 2017. Oh Bro. You would hear rumors of that in the distance, Bro. He would call me up, he'd call me up, Joe, listen, the president wants to do your podcast.


I go, you mean Trump? Yeah. I tried to change the name of it. Wait, what Are you doing man? Why are you trying to get me in trouble? You know? And back then I was like, I don't wanna be a part of this. There's too many people are angry. Too many people pissed off. I was like, I don't need to. And I didn't pay attention to it enough. I didn't pay attention to the way they were misrepresenting things that he had said enough. Yeah. I didn't really, I, my wake up call was when they went after me when CNN went after me. I was like, yeah, this is crazy thing. I'm taking veterinary drugs, bitch. Yeah. Like, what the fuck are you talking about? This is the dumb also, why you upset that I got better quick? Like, what is this about? Like that I took veterinary drugs and got better quick.


And why in the article, Hey, why wouldn't you Herold it say, hey, this could be a possibility. You know? It's like, not Only that, it's just the, there's no way they didn't know that it was for Humans. Those people are, it's all sick. But, but when I saw that, and it wasn so minor in comparison to the way they've come after Trump. 'cause they come out to Trump with lawsuits and all kinds of crazy shit. And I don't think he's a perfect person. No, I think he's fun. And I, I think he's a very competitive guy, which is why he likes playing golf so much. And it is why he wouldn't quit until he became the president again and he pulled it off. Yeah. And the best thing that I've heard from people on the left is it's not the result that we wanted, but we hope the country can come together. And I think we should all have that mentality. Yeah. This idea that we're all separate.


We're on team u s A and I think we should just like all publicly state, nobody gives a fuck where you're from, what you do. You're on team u s A, we're all in this shit together. That's it. Oh yeah. That's it. Let's forget about all this identity, politics, nonsense and all. Like, But is that gonna happen? You think If at least we can put that thought out there instead of everyone's racist, everyone's a Nazi every, Like, It, it's that that ain't helping nobody. You just pushing people further and further away. The people that used to identify as left, they've been forced to these sort of center Right. Positions just to maintain normalcy. Yeah. When you're giving puberty blockers to kids and you're opening up gender affirming care clinics and treating kids like shut the fuck up.


You're not on the right side. You think you're on the right side. 'cause you think you're being compassionate. What you're doing is crazy to most people. And we don't want it. And we think you're, you might be like in a cult, like you're, it's a giant cult of leftists that think crazy things. And they're allowing all sorts of bizarre things to happen in society. Like the no cash bail thing. Like things you think are good. You know, structural racism is why there's so many people in prison. Right? Yeah. But, but you can just let people out who shoot people. Right. You can't just have people robbing people and right back out on the street. You can't have that. You can't have that. You'll have a full deterioration of society and no one will thrive. And you'll be under chaos. You'll be like living in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro in just a decade.


Yeah. You can't just keep this trend going. You're gonna fall apart. And it's these idealistic utopian people that want these things to happen. These people that believe that Marxism has never been effectively done. But it can be done that, You know, that there's, there's a version of all of these different communist philosophies Yeah. That you can impart. There's socialism that could work. Right. There's a version of it that can work and make it more equitable for everybody. But the end of that is always one thing. It's totalitarian control over what you say and do. 'cause as soon as you want to redistribute funds, as soon as you want to tell people they can't have things anymore, then you're gonna have to take it from them.


Yeah. Well I, I think like, to me, everything kind of started to feel like this privatized communism, right? Like Yeah. Once the post office didn't work, I was like, the government's fucked dude. I was like, these bastard can't even get a package to fucking Toledo in two days, dude. You know, like, but the problem with the post though, but it office Is that there's like UPS now, Right? But it, but you go in there, dude, it's like a western. There's serving liquor at the counter. Like it's stuff Yeah. It's the post office. It's gotten de it's gone downhill. They have liquor. I mean, they don't, but they, you could probably score a gram up there at the ca. Like it's gotten, it's gone. You know, the doors. There's no hinges on Really. It's gotten, dude, it's the wild west over there. Which Post office you going to, bro? Every post office, bro.


All of them are bad, bro. It 75% of the post offices are, it's got, but I, I just use that as an example of like a gov. It just like started to fall apart. Right? The last time I saw a post office was the last election. It wasn the last time I went to a post office. Well, yeah. And it, The last election when I mailed in my California ballot. Yeah. And how many I emailed it. 20 million of 'em. Apparently. How many? And at that time was there a saloon happening in there? What isn't that like? At least cause for concern That leap in numbers. Yeah. What is it now, Jamie? Do we know what the official numbers are now? The California One hasn't really, I don't know why hasn't updated more.


But California's, they're digging in their heels. They don't wanna make the election real. I don't think either one of these parties is what the people say. Like, Democrat, they're not the same parties. It was 15 years ago. Most People are waking up to that. That's why if you look at the map of California, There's something new going on. Look at the map of California red and blue from 2016. And then look at it from, or rather 2020 and then 2024. There's a giant difference. A I mean a giant difference. A giant difference in the amount of counties that went red. Yeah. It's just the big population centers are always gonna be blue. They're, they're in the trance. If you're in San Francisco and if you're in Los Angeles, you're in the trance. Like 70% of those people are in the trance. There's this leftist Trance. But they also believe things that mean something to them.


So they're not like, because Right. But socially they're connected to all these ideas, You know, and socially they're all like hyper liberal. They're socially locked into like this mindset. It doesn't allow questioning narratives. It doesn't allow questioning these ideas. So like, the idea of questioning science was like, there's no way you're, we're a science denier. Yeah. I could be a science di you couldn't even say like, Hey, are you sure that these companies who have been lying their entire careers, they've been fucking hit with these giant criminal penalties for, for lying. We know they lie. You sure they're telling you the truth about this drug when they, they haven't injected giant swaths of the population with it before.


But they're gonna do it now. Yeah. And they promise it's gonna work. Yeah. And then they're lying about the promises. They're lying about whether it stops transmission. They never even tested for that. They're lying for whether or not it stops you from being infected. They didn't test for that either. Well, the same people that own this, own the publication company, it's just starting to be so obvious. It's like, I don't know. I'm Well, it's just money man. It's just money. That's what It's, it's, at what point does money mean Something? Because you over the fact of somebody's peace of mind and health and wellness. Like that's the thing I don't understand because They've used their money wisely to connect it to an ideology. So the, this is what it is. If you're a vaccine skeptic or a vaccine denier, even if it's not even really a vaccine, I mean, you're calling it a vaccine, but that's kind of a sneaky move.


'cause it doesn't really work like a regular vaccine does. It works completely novel. It's a completely new thing. And if you can connect that with the people that's the, the logical educated people Yeah. That are reasonable. And convince them that you can't look at it sideways. You can, you can never examine it. You can never question it. You never question whether or not it's even necessary. You just have to go with it. You can't question whether or not these other therapeutics that all these doctors have these anecdotal stories about people recovering from these antivirals and trying them. You can't, you gotta reject that Because you have it wasn crazy Because you have that emergency use authorization thing that Wasn't cool man's. I never took it. And guess what? Doing great. You know? Yeah. I'm depressed. I'm suffering from depression.


Yeah. You should had a lot of issues and back pain today. But Yeah. You are suffering from depression, crying Line a lot. But still, You're not hanging around with us. Come hang out here, man. Come move. I know This year's been busy, man. I want, I I, bro, If you lived in town, you'd be hanging out all the time. I know. You'd feel better. You'd feel better. You need a little community. I know. You dude, you get weird. I think when you're by yourself too long you get weird. Oh. And I spent a lot of time by myself. You know, you check, You called to check to see if people still like you. Did I do that? Yeah. Fuck. That's most of my childhood. Did I really do that? What time you did? Oh yeah. I was like, I Believe that Whatcha talking about? What are you talking about? Yeah, man. It, I wanna make sure we're cool.


Oh, I believe that course. I'm like, of course we're cool. Like, what are you talking about? What happened to God? Nothing. Just we ain't talked for a while. Wow. Did I really do that? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I believe you. A hundred percent. Yeah. It was, it was a weird conversation. Fuck. That's A story of my life, dude. But I I calling people to make sure we're okay. Yeah. But I Know you man. So when you call me, I'm like, oh three. Oh, just need some love. You know? You're out there in the woods by yourself. You can't be alone, man. Well, I think part of me, I wanted to do, I've always just wanted, I wanted to do like my own thing, You know? But then you start to realize that there's, that you Yeah. You're doing it by yourself. And I think that goes for like, whether it's work relationships or personal relationships too. You know, I think it's just like, it's been the same psychology for me.


You know? Like I'm the cra I, I'll, I'll think, I never even thought about this. I'll think to myself, I wanna be in a relationship, but I want to do it on my own. I just realized that, dude, That's amazing. But it's, that's how there's, So it just like, well, you Can marry yourself. People do that. Ugh. I would hate that dude. I'm always just chasing myself. Trying to jerk me off. I would, I wouldn't get any sleep, dude. Oh, that'd Be a nightmare. That would be a real problem. You Know? Yeah. Man. There's, I, I do mi I do like wanna be around a, a group more. This year's has been so it's like Doing it by yourself, but you are doing it by yourself.


Right? So you're doing your podcast by yourself. You're doing it. You stand up by yourself. The thing about like a club is you're doing it by yourself while everybody else is also doing it by themselves. Right? So you're around the same like, and You, but you're hanging out, you're having fun. You're, you're charging up your love batteries. Yeah. That's what it's, You know, oh, the other night. Even just being there, being able to laugh with Tony and like, like Ron White was right there. You got Brian Simpson. Yeah. You got Kurt Metzker. Everybody's just watching and dancing and figuring things out. Yeah. And then, then the fucking Tony Would smack. Then Kurt would corner you with them conspiracies, bro. Did he ever get you, did he get you?


Yeah, bro. He drowned me. He took me in a rabbit hole. Oh. 12. A listener. Dude, I'd have to fucking got Pipe. It was an underwater river. He helped me under bro. He, he took me to the fucking, I don't, I go, Kurt, I don't even remember the original conspiracy theory that led us to this mind control study that I should have known about. Yeah, you don't know about that. You Know about that one. He's Like, Jesus, Kurt. And he's this giant dude. So he is like looming over you fucking with conspiracies in his fucking crazy eyebrows. He's like, you don't know about the Vanna White conspiracy. You don't know what's behind the ease. You don't know what's behind the ease. Here's the thing, dude. Until He started of kind with Jimmy Dore, he's a one of a kind Jimmy Do's.


Cool. Huh? I never got to Jimmy do's a man. I got, I didn't got to see him for years, but I've always been like kind of admirable about him. He's A great dude. He's a great dude. And, but before he started working for Jimmy, he didn't really have a lot of conspiracies in his head. Mm. You know, it was like he got sort of exposed to all that working for Jimmy and doing that show. And he was like, oh my God, this whole fucking thing is rigged. And then he just get rabbit hole after rabbit hole after rabbit hole after rabbit hole. That dude will send you a text and if you send him a text back, he will send you a chain of thoughts Of doctrine. Yeah. Like a scroll. Like yeah, I wanna save them. I wanna save them. Because like that would be a cool, almost like a book to publish text.


That'd be text with Kurt. People would love that too. I love how passionate he is about stuff. He's a smart Dude man. Yeah, he's fun. Very, very, very smart Dude. It was fun. Yeah. It wasn just fun to see Who else was there, just like Brian Simpson. Asod Asan was there. Derek was there. Derek. Derek. Derek's the best dude. Because you tell any joke if it's good or not, you can look at Derrick and if he's laughing, it's good. Yeah. Yeah. He's just like, he's a great green Room hang. Yes. There's he, he'll let You know on his face immediately. He's the, to me, he's the be all end all of something's funny. He's a great Person. He's like just a nice guy to be around. He's a funny, that's, that's like the beautiful thing Thing. He's so funny. He is very funny. That's the beautiful thing about the club is that there's so many nice people.


Yeah. It just, like I said, he charges up your love batteries. That's what we all need in this world. We'll need a little more love. A little more fun. And I'm just hoping that Trump doesn't start attacking people. That's what I'm hoping. I'm hoping that he just, and I know people around him want him to do that. Just concentrate on the positives. Yeah. Concentrate on the positives. You got four years to do all sorts of things that could really benefit people. And then you'll be remembered as that guy. Well I just want people to tell us what's really going on. If they can't really do anything. 'cause lobbyists are controlling everything. I wish somebody would just tell us that. Well, I think if anybody's gonna, it's him, especially now and especially with access to podcasts. Right. So if he decides to do your podcast two months after he's in office and you have questions like that, all of a sudden Trump could probably tell you whatever.


It's not top secret. He could probably tell you. He said he is gonna release the JFK files. We're gonna find out a lot of things at this. We're gonna find a lot of things. We're gonna find out whether or not he's gonna really keep RFK Junior as a part of his organization or whether he is gonna get pressure from pharmaceutical drug companies or whoever to not, If he loses him, dude, he's getting, it's a problem. That's not cool. It's not cool. So there's that. And then there's, is he gonna release the JFK files? 'cause he was told that it, he shouldn't release them. That it's, he said some of the people were still alive. Which doesn't totally make sense because it wasn 1963. So most likely most of those people would be dead of old age. Yeah. You know.


But what does it mean though when someone says that that means that someone from the government could be implicated in the murder of the former of the president. So if that's true, then would it be that they're worried that it would erode all confidence in the intelligence agencies? Or are they worried that deeper investigations would take place? And then people start saying, well what happened with Martin Luther King? You know, because it wasn one that Mike Baker, who's a former CIA guy, was saying that one, like he investigated for a show. He goes, that one doesn't make any sense. That guy just started getting money. He was a loser his whole life. All of a sudden he had money M nowhere. No, the guy killed him. Oh, Who was it?


James Earl Reeves. James Earl, Ray, maybe James Earl, Ray James Earl Ray. So that guy, Mike Baker broke it down for us. I don't remember exactly, but essentially what he was saying was that that guy was a drifter who was a loser, You know, in and outta jail. That kind of a guy. And then all of a sudden he has access to money. He's standing in a nice place. Right. And he has a gun and Like what's going on? And Like he thinks that they set him up to kill Martin Luther King and that someone financed that, which is most likely That makes sense. Well, back then you could kind of kill somebody And it was easier. You know, think about like the wild West. Right? Like they, if you killed somebody, they drew a picture of you. Right.


Haunted, all you have to do is shave your mustache. Well that's wrong, man. Fucking, I'm looking for a guy with a mustache. You could become this. There he go. You could become Clark Can't put on glasses. Where did he go? He killed my whole family. Where? Oh, that Guy's got glasses. That can't be him, Bro. You could literally go across the fucking behind a boulder. Yeah. Shave, come back to the town, get a job as a sheriff and look for yourself for 20 years. Crazy Bro. Imagine how gross it must've been to come to some like fucking weird Town. A brothel back then.


Weird brothel town with a saloon and you just smell like shit. You've been riding on the back of a horse for three days and you just wander into this weird fire lit community. Ugh. Did You know James Earl Ray escaped prison before he supposedly killed or not? I don't know how it worked out, but Oh really? He, yeah. You were saying get a disguise he chain, he got like a nose job. Oh Boy. But he also got a driver's license, made it to Mexico. Oh, he is in prison. He used to work at a Kroger's. Wow. Pornographic. He attempted to establish himself as a pornographic film director. Yeah. Hey, Using mail order equipment. Who hasn't bro? Oh My God. After a quarter of an eight ball who hasn't? Oh, You know what I'm saying?


He sound like a fucking psychopath. He Got jilted. He Went to, yeah, he sounds like a bad guy. He considered Immigrating to Rhodesia now Zimbabwe, where a predominantly white minority regime had unilateral unilaterally assumed independence from the United Kingdom in 1965. Wow. Hmm. Yeah. Then nose job. Yeah. And then went to Atlanta and then very quickly Started popping off. Decided to, yeah. Decided to do what you did. Interesting. Yeah, it's tough, man. The heat down there is just fucking ruins. Everybody Does drive people nuts. Yeah. Especially if we've got that cat parasite. Oh yeah. You know, then they're all moving around your head, like, get outta my brain.


Have you seen that show from on Amazon Prime? I haven't. Pretty good. Yo, You know what I've been watching though, on Netflix? What is it? Three Body Problem? Have you seen That? I haven't seen it. I've been hearing people say it. It's really good. It's by the people who made Game of Thrones. Oh really? It's really good. Dude. I'm, It's totally unique. Like, I don't wanna tell you much about it. You don't say anything. It's a science fiction, but it's, it's totally unique. You watch it and you're gonna go, oh shit. At first you're like, what is going on here? Yeah. But after a while, like, oh shit, I'm on episode four now. Fuck dude. And there's not gonna be a season two for like three years Of those. Yeah. That's how they do do some of that shits Well, like Stranger Things.


Those motherfuckers are making a movie every week, You know? Right. They're making a one hour movie every week, which is like so much better than a movie, You know? Yeah. Like Game of Thrones is better than any movie that's ever existed. A Hundred percent. It's So good. And it just, one episode leads into the next one and to the next one is like, oh shit, I can't believe she did that. Yeah. Oh fuck. He's dead now. Oh shit. Off with his Head. Fucking, they killed the king in the very first episode. Unreal. Spoiler alert. And they handicapped that kid out the gate. Remember? That's right. Out the gate. Fuck. Usually it's the second season before you get a handicapped kid in. So bro handicap, that's what blew my mind As I did, was fucking his sister.


And you didn't want anybody to Know's crazy, but back then there weren't any rules. Were there. I think you were never supposed to be fucking your sister. I think that that's like back to caveman times, Right? I'm sure there's something in most people that feels like, Hey, that's not right. Let's shut it down. Let's go outside instead. Well, Let's, like, people always thought about that with rural communities, You know? Well, people say this a lot. I mean, I'm from obviously Louisiana. People say all, You know, they're always like, Hey, your si, You know, you ever fucked your sister? Yeah. Come on. And the thing, what happened was people didn't live close to each other. So if you, you're not gonna travel. You're only gonna travel so far to, Are you advocating for fucking sisters?


Fuck. No, I'm Not. Dude. What are you saying? It seems like that's what you're doing. No, I'm saying this is what happened back then. People aren't gonna, people aren't gonna get a train ticket to come, You know, they're gonna, people are only gonna have sex within a certain distance of their Right. Good call. It's right. That's why it happened. Right. You know, it's like if a guy, it's like There's no one there. Right. There's nobody there. So they had to fuck their sister. They didn't have to, but at a certain point they got lost and ended up back at Right by the house. You know, something's gotta happen here. I'm not saying it's cool. Right. I'm just trying to tell you how it works out. Like, You know, physically. Well that's How it, it certainly works out in the mammal kingdom. Yeah. Like if you have puppies, the boy puppy will fuck his sister.


Yeah. A hundred percent. He doesn't even think twice. He'll try to fuck you. They'll try to fuck your leg. They don't even know what they're Doing. Oh yeah, dude, I was staying at my buddy Brad's house one night. Right. We're dead asleep. Right. And they let a bunch of puppies loose. Dude, those things are fucking gang banging you. I didn't have a chance, dude. I didn't have a fucking ounce of milk on me. And those things are fucking sucking me off, bro. Isn't it Funny? Like, we accept. That's crazy. We don't think that about people. Right. The second, it's crazy how it goes from animals to people, man. Yeah. You Know, we are, we're animals. We're animals. Do you think there's a certain purpose for us? Like we, there's a magical purpose for us? Or do you think we are just an anomaly? Well, I think even if there's not, this is a magical time.


It's an interesting time and, and especially for people like us, they get to talk to so many fascinating people. I mean, we have a really cool job, not just as comics, but also as doing podcasts. Yeah. You know, and you've, I think you've got a great education doing that. You know, a great, like you're, you see more introspective, you, you're more curious about things than, You know. I remember before you're like, I think it did the same thing to me. Really? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I almost feel like I know more. I wish I didn't know more stuff. Sometimes I miss knowing nothing. Right. Yeah. Does it make any sense to You? For sure. I know I have, my brain is filled with shit that I don't need. Oh Yeah. You are a library dude. You know, but The, the thing, I'm more like a red box where you rent that one movie.


We Haven't been doing it as long. I've been doing it a lot longer. That's all it is. It's just no, it's the amount I do too. It's numbers. But You're a, you have a, you are, you are a library. You know, there's a certain types of people that can make it through certain things. And I think You wouldn't wanna educate a child on this library. No. This is not, there's not a library you'd allow everybody to have access to. No, it's 16 and older. I think there's A lot of stuff in my head I was like, God, I wish I didn't know that about people. You know? Oh, that's interesting. You don't think about the side effects of somebody being able to have like a memory that records so much. Well, it's just, you always concentrate on the worst possible aspects of people. And so if You know so many acts and things that people have done that have been horrific, you're always like, the back of your head always has.


But maybe that could happen. You know, like So it always sits there. It always sits there. If you're a completely, you grow up Amish or some shit, you are like completely removed from society. You never see any violence, you never see anything. And then all of a sudden you have to go to a bar like downtown Detroit on a Saturday night. You see fistfights and people throwing glasses at each other. Like yeah. You'd be like, what the fuck is this? I'm not ready for this. I'm not prepared for this. You know? Right. But if, but if you, but if You know that exists and it's always a possibility. So if you see it too much, even if you don't see it in real life, the worst thing is seeing in real life. That's what we were talking earlier about cops. Yeah. If cops are seeing it every day in real life.


So you, you just get like super accustomed to seeing people dead, super accustomed to seeing people get injured. Yeah. It's crazy how therapists make like 150 bucks an, it's crazy how therapists make like $150 an hour. Right? Right. But cops who are basically therapists that also have to shoot at people. Right. Make 40 bucks an hour. I know. Like, That's crazy dude. When you think about that crazy And nobody wants that job. It is crazy. But if you paid 'em like heroes, I feel like that they would more, more fucking gladiators would show up and do it. Yeah. And they would've a real force out there, You know, and you would fall asleep at night knowing that severe warriors were taking care of your fucking community.


Yeah. Some people, do you think that's possible or not? Some People don't want to know that we need that. They don't want to kind of believe that you need like masculine dangerous men to protect you. But that's always been the case. And if you're just looking realistically about violence and crime in the world, it exists. It's, there's no utopian spot. So if violence and crime exists, there's only one way you can shield the nonviolent people who aren't committing crimes from the criminals. And that's dangerous. Men. You need dangerous armed men who are trained and are capable. Yeah. That's what you need. It doesn't mean they should be running everything. It means you need 100% protection from dangerous people.


Then here's the number one thing that nobody addresses. You gotta figure out why are so many people coming outta these same communities year after year after year after year being dangerous, where no one's doing shit about it. No one's trying to fix it. No one's trying to enhance it. No, there's no one's trying to like recognize like, do You know how much income we're losing? 'cause these people don't grow up to become productive members of society. Yeah. How much damage it's causing if they go on to commit violent crimes and if whatever, drug dealing, any, anything that can come out of that. And do You know how much of a burden it is on the taxpayer to sort of put them through the criminal system and how much of that could be completely removed if that person grows up and becomes a productive member of society and instead starts contributing to society?


And it's a success story. The, that's not impossible to do, but there's been no effort, no like engineering large scale national effort to completely eliminate these horrible spots in this country and not like make everything the same and perfect. That's not possible. But there's a level of poverty that exists in this country that's unmanageable. You should never be that poor if you're a part of a community. Oh yeah. If you're a part of a community that takes care of everybody, there's no reason why you have $175 billion to ship to Ukraine, but you don't have any money to make sure that no one exists below a certain level of poverty In the s Yeah. Get fucked when that kind of shit happens.


They shouldn't be helping these other countries. I don't know why we send money to Israel, Ukraine. I just don't understand why we, there's just people suffering here. Right. You know, there's people that have been taken advantage of in our own country and it's like, you don't wanna be selfish, but if you don't take care, if you don't know your inventory, then your business is gonna fail. Right. Right. That's a, that is, that is a law. If you don't take stock of your own inventory, your business will fail. And we don't have stock of our own inventory and we don't have a healthy inventory. You know, it's like, it's just like I don't understand how it's So I don't, I don't, the weird thing is I start thinking, is that a radical idea? It didn't used to be a radical idea, but it became a radical idea when people started floating about the idea that capitalism is evil.


All capitalism is bad. There's all these people that have these utopian notions of how we should run our society. Well maybe it could be true at a certain point. I think it's going to probably have to be true at a certain point because of ai. I think we're gonna get to some weird point where money seems like it's just ones and zeros. It's just numbers and it's a bottleneck. The bottleneck of information. Right. Because you can't have access to all the information. If you have access to all the money, then where's the money go? Yeah. That's crazy. But if we get to this point where we evolve past the state we're at now where you can't trust people to not steal your money, where you can't trust people to not lie, where you can't trust people to not manipulate things and try for their own benefit.


If human beings can eventually get to a place like that, then I could see a time in our evolved future where we don't need money or when everybody has the same amount where instead of having this desire to constantly acquire goods and constantly acquire status and, and and like prestige in the community, have the bigger house, the bigger, if that completely goes away and human beings really are one hive mind. I could see where we could equally share resources. Yeah. But we're, that's like either a cyborg or a million years in the future. I'm talking about like where we get past all of our primitive cave people instincts and DNA that I think fucks with everything.


It is the cause of almost all of our problems Is who we are innately. It's just our programming is fucked. Yeah. 'cause our programming's the same. Well, You know, there's, there's, there's some variations that have cured over time, but reasonably similar I should say to people that live 10,000 years ago. So if you took a person from 10,000 years ago and you, you put 'em in a a t-shirt like this and sat 'em in the movie theater, you wouldn't be able to tell. It would just look like us. Nuh. Yeah. Yeah. So Really you think 100%. Yeah. I mean they might have been smaller because they didn't give as get as much food but it looked like a small person. Yeah.


We wouldn't know. You Wouldn't know. They would look just like us. So if you just put 'em in a suit and a tie and sat 'em down there, that guy would be like, what the fuck? Yeah. And that's basically us. So that person, if you, you had a person that lives 10,000 years ago, the amount of barbaric incidents that guy's probably seen by the time he becomes an adult, the amount of people he's probably seen slaughtered with swords and spears and seen people lit on fire that's all inside of us still. Right. All that programming of like everybody's the the enemy and you gotta protect the fields and protect the, that is all a part of our programming. And as technology increases and as we become more interconnected, that's gonna be one of the biggest problems that we face is abandoning these bizarre primate characteristics that we still hold onto.


'cause they're in our DNA and they're not managed well. Like people need to manage them to suppress them. And some people Yeah, we try to, that don't exist. Yeah. We try to pretend don't exist. Sorry if I stepped on you. No, no. I've been interrupting you a lot man. I'm sorry dude. No, you're awesome man. What are you doing? Stop doing that. Don't apologize. I Up that piece of it. My kid is just Starting to think Well let's, let's wrap it up. We've been doing this For three hours. Have we really? At Least? Yeah, it's almost five. Uhuh. It's almost five. Yeah. Oh man. Oh man. I love you. I know I'm always trying to get you to move here, but it's 'cause I think you'd be happier here. And selfishly I want you around. Well thank you dude. I appreciate it. Appreciate. No, I want to be around. This year's just been, it's just been a, it's been like every time I'm not doing a podcast I have to like I'm traveling for work or it's like, it's just been a busy time, You know?


Hey, If we opened up another mothership, do you think Nashville would be a good spot? Yeah. Do Is there enough or would be fucking with Zanies or you think it would help it? No, I Think it would be good because I think there's enough people there where you could do It. Well do you have enough comics in Nashville? How many comics are in Nashville? There's Some, you gotta have like a base, You know, like that wanna perform all the time. Right. I'll do some recon for you. We're thinking, we're thinking of going other spots. Yeah. Yeah. Well that would be cool man. 'cause at least I know the area I could, I'd be, You know, we Thought about going to the most woke place in Brooklyn setting up shop The mother. If you get I bet it would thrive though.


Well we could find out. There's only one way to do it dude. Wow. Man, I can't bel, it's so crazy that I was there to watch the, just like the elect just like what a night. And it was Like, It was really fun time to watch the election at the club in the green room. We're all hopping back and forth off stage like who's winning? I know. It was fun man. It was so crazy dude. It wasn really fun dude drinking diet Cokes and just fucking having a good time. Theon, I love you to death. You're one of my favorite people. I appreciate you very much. I love you too man. Thanks for being inspiring and thanks for, yeah, sometimes you would like, I would do a podcast episode and you would just say you would reach out and say, Hey man, I like that episode And it just meant a lot. I just wanna let You know that it's, it does You, you, you do a great job man.


I really love your show. I think you, you got some great interviews and you got a great, you got a nice way of being yourself, You know, when you're talking to anybody. And that's what I think people really like, they like to see conversations where people are just being, being themselves. And the fact that you could do that with Trump, that's fun. It's inspiring. So it's, it's nice to see man. I really, really love it. Well thanks. Thanks man. Yeah, I think it means a lot to people when somebody they admire like says something nice to them, You know? It's just nature, You know. It Is. Yeah. Yeah. We Like It Man. I appreciate it man. Thanks for having me dude. My pleasure. Alright, bye everybody.