
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Sure. Of course. It's pretty tight. Is it tight, you mean? No, no. Nice. Like tight. Nice, Nice. I feel like they're gonna sue me For the shirt. I Don't Know. Do you sell it? I'm trying to. I don't think they wanna sue anybody. No, I think they wanna keep it on the dl. Especially you. 'cause you could just go on podcast and talk about it. Not if I'm dead. I could talk about till I'm dead. Let's see if there, if they haven't killed, there's so many. If they haven't killed Malice.


If they haven't, there's so many people that they haven't killed. I'd be a fun kill though. They just just come to the Bronx. Nowhere. It's like so easy to just kill me. Right. Anybody gets killed in the Bronx. Happens all the time. Nobody cares. Yeah, Probably They don't care. Few people Would be upset and then it would go away. My mom Like Epstein. Yes. Like that kind of went away. It did go away. The guy who tried to kill Trump kind of went away. It did. Well didn't that guy get shot though? Yeah, He is dead. Yeah, but now he's gone. Poof. Gone. No one talks about it. Do you Think P did is in prison waiting for the Clintons to just kill him? Do you think Every day I'd be looking for them. I Don't think that Clintons were involved with P Diddy. Do you?


No. But Epstein Were the clin. Was Epstein involved with P Diddy? No. I just feel like these pedophile rings have to cross points at, You know, at some point The P Diddy thing sounds like just complete unchecked depravity. Like, I don't even think he was gay. He was just fucking guys. But he might, maybe he's gay. But it Seems Like It. He's just, I think you have to be a little gay because then he would just be Fucking least for like 10 minutes. He's a, He's at least bi. Well, I mean may it might just be whatever drugs are taken. Like I don't understand it when that whole, like I, I think I had peripherally heard that P Diddy had big parties, but I never heard of freak offs or any, I never heard of that stuff until pretty recently.


Like post pandemic. I think Jamie, when Didd you hear, first hear about like P Diddy parties. My mic's off. I mean I would think that he, I've heard about him having big parties. Your mic has to be off because of Carl's breathing. They're in pretty heavy still right now. I'm trying to keep it down. Oh my God. He's so cute. He's adorable. Carl and Marshall, they, they go at it every time he comes to. First time I heard, I don't know. I've heard of, I don't even know what rumors I would've heard. I just heard like, You know, but it was not, it got crazy parties. I had. Yeah. Nothing. Yeah. It was never like in the zeitgeist. It was never Yeah, It's just weird too. 'cause you always had the white parties where you have to wear all white and I just feel like that's the worst color for body fluid. Ew. Yeah. Right. Just shit.


Maybe that's how he kept track of who he, who he fucked. That person's already gotten it. That person. That person's already covered and disgusting stuff. That's why I get track of that. Oh My God. There's so many horrific accusations though. Involving young singers. Young like children. Yeah. It's disgusting. He, It's insane. He Makes R Kelly look like a decent guy. Yeah. It's so crazy. It is crazy. And meanwhile the guy was like hanging out with Oprah, hanging out with Obama, Jay-Z. Everyone. Everybody, everybody. I'm sure the Clintons were there at some point. Maybe Bill. Bill is so nice.


Oh, At one time was he? He's So nice. Like when I met them. So charming. He is. And he is actually still kind of good looking like even for an older dude. Yeah. Yeah. Why not? He's still so good looking and she's just so miserable. Well she's publicly humiliated and she thought that her big retribution would become president, You know, become president. Sure. And then that would be it. All water under the bridge. I'm a strong woman. I'm running this country. And then America was like, nah, I mean it doesn't matter what color you are. America does not want a woman in charge. Well that's not exactly true because she won the popular vote. She, I mean not Kamala though. No. But Kamala was a terrible candidate.


The difference between her and Hillary's night and day. That's, Well Hillary had a lot of experience too. She's been doing this for a long time. Sure. She was a Secretary of State and on top of that she could answer questions. Sure. Like you could have a question on with her about like what would we do differently if you were president about the Israel Gaza conflict. Sure. She would have something off the top of her head. What would you do differently than Joe Biden? She wouldn't say, I can't think of a thing. She would never say that. No. Kale Harris is just not good. She's definitely not good at interviewing either. No. I mean, I don't know if she's good at running things. 'cause you'd have to be behind the scenes to see how that works. Sure. But when it comes to like talking off the top of her head, she, what she's good at is a pre-rehearsed speech that she reads off a teleprompter.


Sure. But if someone asks you a rogue question, then you have to be ready to answer it. Yeah. When rogue questions like you have to be able to say what differentiates you from Biden? You have to, that's like a, that's pretty simple. Yeah. You're just like, well I'm still alive. Yeah, that too. That Would be funny if she said that. I'm right. That's what she should do. If she could be funny people. Well, I'm There a funny person. I could answer questions. I could look you in the eye. Yeah, I remember. Remember what I've talking about? It's funny talking About Yes. I was surprised she didn't come on the podcast a little bit. It seems like, and this is all reports, these are all anecdotal reports. Right. But it seems like her campaign was kind of chaotic. Like no one could make a decision. Mm.


They had, I don't know how many conversations with my folks. Right. But multiple conversations giving different dates, different times, different this, different that. And we knew that she was gonna be in Texas. So I said open invitation. Right. You you said you can come whenever you Want. Yeah. Anytime you pick a time, I will be here. And you would've been the best person for her to talk to. 'cause you're not gonna attack her. You would just ask her questions. But that's the problem. I don't know if she'd be able to answer those questions. I'll ask her a question. But I think they had requirements on things that she didn't want to talk about. She didn't wanna talk about marijuana legalizations, but I thought was hilarious. Why? Like that's so because of her prosecuting record. Oh well I mean that is like, it wasn her old job though.


Yeah. And You know, she put a lot of people in jail for weed 1500. Apparently That's not really that many though. 1500. Well Tell those guys those 1500 together in A, are they still in prison? No. Oh, okay. I think and they're fine now. Well Prison really builds character. You go in there and you really figure out what kind of person you are. I bet it does. Yeah. But when you are held past your release date to fight wildfires for the state because Kamala Harris wants you to do that. Sure. With the swipe of my pen Right. You guys are, I mean it's not like the worst idea.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face drained accounts. Fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply.


So just clean up the wildfires. Well you should probably pay people for all work. Sure. You know, even prisoners I like that's just free. I got a problem with all that. I mean I have a problem with slave labor in prison 'cause it's essentially mandated, right? Like you have to, you have to have a job in some prisons. But I mean, what else are you gonna do in prison? Like if you're not Read books, do pushups. Okay. But at some point I'm gonna not have someone Tell you what To do. I'm, if I'm gonna wanna do hair, I'm gonna wanna cook at some point. Like you just do need a routine. Otherwise the time Never How many books can you read every single day? That's true. That's true. Yeah. How many yoga classes can you take take? You Just need a schedule kind of just to like, I don't know. That just helps your day go by. Like even if you hated it, you still need, like when I was on unemployment for a period, I'm like, I'm actually very bored.


You know what I mean? Like you, you Like it for a couple of days but you need that routine to kind of like, I don't know. I, if I was in prison, I'd want a job. This is my fear when it comes to automation AI and then ultimately I think everyone's gonna have to have universal basic income. I think all countries are gonna have to have it. I think United States is gonna have to have it too. And people need a purpose. They need a thing for sure. They need an identity. And a lot of people identify with whatever their job is. You know, they, they find, they take pride in it. It means something to them to show up at work and have people say they do a great job and you're very valuable to the company and you, You know, the customers like you and all that stuff is really good for people.


It's good for self-esteem. It's good for giving you a purpose if if universal basic income is a thing, which I think it's going to have to be a thing, it's gonna be real weird psychologically for people to adjust to that. I think there'd probably be a lot of riots. Like, I don't know what else would you do? Just riot with government money. Yeah. I was thinking Trump might not win and there was gonna be a bunch of riots and I would be able to just get like a free computer. Like I was kind of hoping for that. Well You know you could buy a computer. Aron, you're A no I want it for free. Successful comedian. Listen, a free computer is better than a computer you have to pay for. Is It? Yeah. Wouldn't you feel guilty at all? No. If they're rioting, everything's for free. That's the rule.


It wasn the rule during George Floyd. But That's what I'm saying. During Black Lives Matter I lived by a CVS. It wasn like getting broken into all the time. I have like shampoo and conditioner for years. Did you go in there? Yeah. Why not? I was in there when it was happening. I was like, well you're gonna get Arrested. How? Don't say that. No, These are all jokes, right? Wink. They're all jokes. Wink is all odd. Listen, I was just supporting Black Lives Matter and that's how you do it. That's how you do it. You get shampoo for free Shampoo and conditioner. Yeah. The most racist thing I ever saw was a CVS that had everything locked up except sunscreen. I mean that's pretty much how it is in every CVS And white people don't buy sunscreen 'cause we wanna be dark. So no one's, no one's stealing it or buying it. Yeah. Good.


Good call. The well they do if they're worried about cancer, if you're one of those people it puts it everywhere. All over your face. Mean meanwhile you're putting toxic chemicals all over your face. Protect People do that that yourself. And they like smoking cigarettes. It's like what are you doing? Just get cancer. Well I was reading this thing where they were talking about that. See if you could find this. So what this person was saying was that people who spend less time in the sun are more likely to get deadly skin cancer. Is it 'cause your body's not used to it or Yeah. Yeah. You get cooked, You know your body doesn't have any melanin. So you go out there and you get like fucking burnt to death and your body develops cancers.


But also you're not, you don't have vitamin D. Right. So vitamin D is like a critical hormone And it protects you from a lot of things. It's, it's, it's crucial for your immune system. It's crucial for a lot of different functions. It's also interesting 'cause one time we were at the cellar and Louie kept telling me that I needed vitamin D 'cause I'm so white and I was just like vitamin Is that a real thing? It just sounds like dick vitamin. I was like wait what? Yeah you need vitamin D. I was like, is that like a real thing? Yeah. You so white. You need some vitamin D. So you need to get fucked by somebody that's gonna help you out. That's the only thing that's gonna help you. That's the only thing that's gonna keep me alive. Imagine if it wasn true. Imagine if like the only way you could maintain health is to get fucked.


I mean it makes sense. People that are homeless are just like fingering themselves all the time. There must be something to it. I Think they're mentally ill. Sure. But they also are like, I wanna stay alive. I wanna, I wanna prolong this homelessness. Keep me alive as long as we can. There there's a book I read fingering Yourself for health. I Mean all of the homeless people on Sixth Streets are just like fingering themselves constantly. Yeah. There's a lot of that kind of activity. Yeah. With ho homeless. I think they just give up on shame on everything and they just, I think you're outta your mind. You have to be outta your mind. Yeah. Where you're like, who cares? There's this poor lady on sixth Street, there's a gas station that I only go to if everything's gone totally wrong and I need gas for sure. You Just run out of But you like you there, you get outta your car, you're ready to fight people.


It's a sketchy gas station. Oh I guess. And there's this poor lady who her head, instead of being like here, her head is like, it's like it's broken. Her neck is broken. Okay. And so her head is like down here, right. She has to look at you like this. She can't lift her chin off of her sternum. Like literally down like this. And she's just a bag of bones, just barely alive. Like okay, obviously we're not gonna help homeless people. Like there's no money in helping poor people. Like let's give them all fentanyl, clean up the streets, do the kindest thing we can for them. Oh D 'em. Yeah. If I'm on the street for longer than a week, please kill me.


It's not going well. So people have recovered just people who have gotten their shit together. How many, I don't know How many CEOs were like I was on the street Zero CEOs and then I got some vitamin DI turned Well How many CEOs enjoy life? That's the real question. I just because something's difficult to do doesn't mean it's good to do. Right? Sure. Like some people think that becoming extremely wealthy and running a major corporation because it's difficult to do. That's something you should aspire to. But those guys all die young. They all have heart attacks and strokes. Yeah. It's a very high stress Position. Would like insanely high stress would And the hours are insane and you're probably fucking miserable other than time you're doing coke and banging strippers.


Right. I think I would like the rich part and then I would just do something with like animals. Oh There you go. Yeah. I love animals. Yeah, I know you do. People forget. I could tell but like Well I brought Marshall just for you. I mean Marshall is so beautiful. Like if I ever go bold, I told you I want like a wig. I don't know how white women are now just wearing golden retrievers wigs because it's beautiful his hair. But It would stink when it gets wet. I mean everyone thinks white people smell anyway when they who gives a shit. You remember the first time you heard that black people thought white people smell like dogs? I did not. You're like, we love dogs. I have never heard that. Oh yeah. Really? They always think we smell like dogs. It's like that's try hurting my feelings. Well I guess if you are around dogs, I think human beings smell if they don't wash.


That's all it is. Like I don't think there's a difference in the smell of black people and white people. And this is coming from someone who does juujitsu. Sure. Maybe not. So I smell people like that close when they're chest pressed up against my face. I've never noticed a difference in human odor. All I know is black people think white people smell like dogs, wet dogs when we get wet. Maybe That's just like a fun thing to say. I think it's more than one black person saying it For real. Yeah. I've never Jamie You ever heard that? Nope. Jamie never heard it All. I hang out one black saying, saying it to you people. Yeah. Weird. I'm like, that doesn't hurt my feelings. I love dogs. Yeah, dogs are great. They're amazing. If you're gonna smell like an animal, I mean that's not the worst one to smell. Like cats are kind of crazy 'cause they never smell and they don't even take showers.


They just clean themselves. No, But if you get like one of those hairless ones, you have to like clean their nails, they skin and stuff. The Hair, those ones are fucking weird. They are, but I like that. Do why? People really smell like wet dogs to black people. The smell comes from hair follicles when they get wet. Hair follicles secrete an oil that spreads. Some spreads somewhat when wet and a small amount of water gets in. Okay, interesting. Yeah. And that's from Cora. It's hilarious. That Sounds Like a white person, but that's hilarious. Go back up to that. Cora is one of those answer websites, right? Oh, I thought Cora like a black lady C. Yeah.


She look at all the Reddit Posts that are, I understand the post, but here's my point. Cora is like one of those like you can ask it like how do you make a nuclear bomb? Sure. Like that kind of stuff. And imagine if it said do black people really smell like dogs? What do black people smell like when they're wet? I don't think they smell any different than anybody. But the point is, we all smell dogs could never have that question on a question. Web webpage. You can't. They'll Take it off. No fucking chance. But you could have it about white people. Could you ask it at what Indian people smell like? I don't think you should Because they don't have record. But nobody cares about it in Indian people at all. Indian people do. Yeah. But you ever see what they're doing in India?


There's a Fake ram becomes president. You're gonna have a real issue With this. I don't even know who that is. Really? Yeah. You don't know who Vivic is? I try not to pay attention to what's going on. Good for you. I really don't know anything good For You know, that's so Healthy. I know, I know. Like very little. If you can exist like that, it's a good way to be. You know there's plenty of people in this world that are paying attention. I know. I'm not one of them though. Well I don't have a problem with that. That's Ari shave too. He doesn't know what the fuck's Going on. I mean yeah, that's why we're good buddies. Yeah. He has no idea what's happening. He's, I mean You talk to him about laws being passed. Like what? That's not real. Yeah. Ari's the best. He's like Ari's, but he's also so autistic.


Which is why like him even producing my special is so good because he's so like focused and he knows exactly what to do. Very focused. Loves standup as an art for Him. Love standup. He's the best at like not killing seats for the show. He is the best person for that. Oh yeah. Yeah. He knows how important that is. Yeah. His special that he did was the, the Jew special was so ridiculous because they had to keep those candles lit. And So I was constantly light them. I was there for it. I opened for it. It was so hot. And he taped it in June. It was so hot. I was on stage. I did like 15 minutes. I'm like, oh it's really hot in here. Well it's a fire behind you. I know. You think about all those candles.


How much fire is that? That's a lot of fire. It's crazy. It was a, Did they have like fire extinguishers standing by in case some shit went sideways? Probably. I'm sure there was some like there might have been a fire marshal they had to hire just to make sure Probably. But even if the whole place goes on fire, what's he gonna do? He'd be like, well there's a fire. Like what he, What's he gonna do? He's gonna run away. Right. So what is he gonna do? Like, I mean you would need so many fire extinguishers. No, they're little tiny fires. They're a bunch of little itty bitty fires. There's not like one major all consuming fire like That. What if they get a hold of like, eh, the curtain. Eh, if you have fire extinguishers. How far back was the curtain from it? Wasn there a curtain at all? I'm pretty sure there was a curtain.


No, I'm Pretty, there was a curtain. Yeah, it look, I mean it looks beautiful though. Yeah. It's not as easy to light things on fire as you'd think. And if fire marshals are standing by with a fire extinguisher, they put that shit out real quick And that would actually be kind of funny. Yeah, they'd probably keep that on the show. That'd be fun. If there was a Fire. What's stupid idea? But fucking candles on stage. That'd Be amazing. Well he was running that special for, I was with him forever for a long time. And then, You know, the whole Kobe thing happened and he stopped and then he came back. It's crazy. I was with him in, I guess it was Charlotte when the whole Kobe thing happened and I, he was sick. I was like, oh, we were on the road. I was like, just go to sleep. And then I wake up and I'm like, what did you do?


I was like, you're sick. You're supposed to go to sleep. And then I was like, oh Ari this. And then the funniest part is people are like, we're gonna kick your ass if you're ever in North Carolina. And he's like, I'm there. And they're like, all right, well if you come to where I'm at we're gonna kick your ass. Well he was really into making fun of people when they died because everybody was like, yes, really kind to people when they die. Yes. And And he was always like, fuck them. And some of them were really funny. The Kobe one was not, but some of 'em were really funny. Sure. I also don't think he knew like he didn't know like the daughter was there. Like he was just Right. He was just doing it about Kobe. Jamie, your microphone is rubbing. I got, I assume. Oh yeah.


But just he doesn't do that anymore. Thank God. What's funny is the Uber came to pick us up the next day and it's like just like a black dude picking us up. He and he is like, I gotta go to the bathroom. He takes us to like a transient bus station. Uber guy. Yes. Oh god. And I'm like, does this guy know it's a set up about? And I'm like, are we gonna get murdered? The guy leaves for like 20, 30 minutes to take his shit. No Way. Yeah. Before we're going to like the airport. No way. He did. And I was like, this is crazy. I Would've ordered a second Uber to pick me up where the first Uber was. No, we were ready to get murdered. You Were ready. We were just sitting there at The time is now if this is my fate, this Is my favorite dying right now. Now if you die, because Ari Shafi decides, first of all, for the longest time Ari realized that he could not have a phone because he would be addicted to social media And it was terrible for his mental health.


And that's what happened. And so he had a flip phone forever. Oh I know. And I was like, good for you. Like David tell still has a flip phone. He does. And it's brilliant. Like the people that do it, Sebastian younger, he came in here, he still has a flip phone. There's people that that rock a flip phone. If he would've not had that flip phone, he wouldn't have done the Kobe stuff. Oh a hundred percent. I know. But I think things like that ultimately are good. Yeah, He's not, he doesn't regret it. If you talk to him, He shouldn't have done it. Right. But he now he knows he shouldn't have done it. And that's just another layer of experience in life and just overcoming this horrific cancellation. Should He not have done it though? In hindsight?


Yeah. I think he's probably, it's probably not a good thing to do to mock the guy. He loves that though. His daughter who died in a helicopter, he didn't mock the daughter, he just mocked him. True. Yeah. So I asked mom like, do you regret doing it? He's like, no. Of course he Did. And nobody, nobody really like, people were upset. That's the whole thing. Cancellations, people are upset for like two, three days and then they forget. Well Especially in this news cycle, this new cycle is so crazy. It's just no matter what happens, there's always something right around the corner that just covers it Up. Just a new thing to get upset About. Yeah. Just another wave comes in and you no longer it's fades. Whatever it Is. Bridges, I mean that thing about the FEMA person who got fired 'cause if you had a Trump, yeah, if you had like a Trump thing on your, can you imagine that?


I know, but it's like if you have any signs that means your house didn't get hit hard by a hurricane. No, Come on. No. 'cause you could have a Biden sign. Like It doesn't matter. It doesn't any sign. But that's what I'm, if you have any sign on, Depends how the sign was secured. Depends entirely on how the sign was secured. If your roof came off, you think that sign's gonna be there? Bottom line is, that's not what she was saying. What she was saying is avoid all houses that have a Trump sign. You cannot do that. Oh I know, but I'm just saying what's funny to me is like if you have a sign And it didn't lift off the ground, like how hard was your house Being? It could be flooding, your house could have been completely flooded. You have no power, no electricity, no running water. Yeah. I guess Your house needs to be drained.


Like it's federal emergency management. It's not supposed to be federal emergency management for whoever. This one person who's in charge with ideologically Resource. Oh absolutely. I don't, I'm, I was making a joke like if you have any sign there And it survived a hurricane, like your house is probably fine. Right. Also, I want FEMA funds to go to the Fyre Festival. Like that's all after our money should be going through. Is white guys trying to run a festival who fail? Do You know how that guy's doing? Another one. I know. Is it a, it's not a Fyre Festival is It? He's calling it, I think he's calling it Fyre Festival two. Is he? I think so. Yeah. Yeah. And it has and he's charging like a million dollars a ticket. His move is to just charge an insane amount of money and see how fucking stupid some people are.


I mean I love that The whole thing was nuts. It's like one dude, it's always like some guy who you think could be selling Bitcoin or a pyramid scheme and now he's this decided to put on a music festival because He wants to be cool. You know what I mean? Like doing, he wants to party With people. He wants to party with people. But do you got, didn't he get like famous people to go? I think a lot of people pulled out At the last minute. Yeah, probably when they heard. No, but who was the guy it wasn like was like not Jadakiss, who was doing Ja Rule. Ja Rule was doing it with him. I mean if you have Ja Rule on anything, it's not gonna be wild. Was Ja Rule one of the organizers? He, I think he was just like one of the faces of it. I don't know if he put money in it or not.


Right? Like he gave him a piece of it or something like that. I don't know. He was there. They brought all these influencers out and they, I mean listen, if it, if he pulled it off it would've been pretty good. I mean he did have everyone post at the same time at like, what was it, that orange box or something? Oh yeah. All of the, so like everyone saw it and they were like, oh what's this? And then all these like rich kids are there and they're like crying because they're leaving. I mean it honestly the Fyre Festival was for all of us. That's what it was. Right? For all of us to see all these kids crying in these FEMA tents And it wass just, it wasn amazing. It was amazing. See if you can find his videos or he's trying to promote Fyre Festival too. So he is walking down the street of New York City saying that all so many tickets are already sold.


And If you want to, I think they sold a lot of tickets. I'm looking to buy one and I don't even can't find the website to buy 'em. Not that I want to go, I just wanna See. Well it might not even be real. He might be completely insane at festival's. A Lot. There's lot of press about it. About Fyre Festival too. Yeah. Posted on multiple websites. Mm. This was all happening. It could have just been a press release from, You Know. Right. Where? Where Fyre Festival two gonna be somewhere in Mexico on April 25th Through 28th. Oh my God. I hope the cartel flies out this Year. No, coming up. Yeah, this year. Coming up months. Yeah. Wow. Who the fuck is gonna go? Who's gonna to Mexico for a fucking Fyre Festival. That's crazy. Just Go to Cancun. It's so much closer. Yeah. Fire festival.


Go to Puerto Vallarta. You don't have to go to Fyre Festival. What's the place that all the kids go to? Tulum. They'll have to party in Tulum. Yeah. Have it have it there. I don't know why Tulum. It's not one that's like one of the major places where they have those Aztec ruins I think. Or Mayan ruins. I dunno why Tulum is like the big, I think it's like beautiful hippies and psychedelic people go, they go to Tulum, they do a lot of Instagram posts. I mean that's all, everything's about Instagram post. I was watching this lady and her boyfriend the other day. We were walking on the street and they had basically taken up the entire street 'cause the girl was sitting on this like marble bench and she was posing and you couldn't walk in between the two of 'em.


And he was like 12 feet away from her. So it was like, like what is this? You're just stopping. I mean who Went right? Yeah. And it was a long photo shoot. Like it went on for a couple minutes. It was fucking stupid as shit. She kept changing her, her pose and her face and the angle that he photographed her at. I wanted to take his phone away. I'm like, hey fuck head get Outta the way. Yeah, they do that every, I was in CVS and they, they were doing a sketch and everyone's like, you gotta get outta here A sketch in CV s. Yeah there there's a bunch of people with cameras and they were trying to do a sketch and they were screaming and this girl was like, this girl behind the counter is a nice girl. And she was also like a little bit slow. So she's trying to get these people out of there. It's just like chaos. Every Bug I get.


Why people stealing CVS? 'cause nobody helps you and you're like, I will just steal. It's just, you're better off stealing than waiting there for somebody to come help you. It's just a nightmare. The amount of people that I've seen working at those kind of stores that have like some sort of odd wound, An eye wound. Odd. Oh, Some odd. Like something like their head looks oddly shaping like they get hit with a brick. Like something off. Well that's where veterans go to work. They send you back Does CV S? Yeah. Really? I dunno. No, you're just making that up. I make a lot of stuff up. There's so many of these fucking sketches and pranks that people are doing now on YouTube. It's like everybody, if you look at kids today, like they did some sort of a survey where they ask kids like, what do you want to be when you grow up?


And most of them said famous. Yeah. I mean you could get famous opening like unboxing videos. Yeah. Like I mean if you could at could that, why wouldn't you wanna do that? I mean I'd have a kid just to see if they could do that. Well You know that kid on TikTok, Keith Lee, do You know who he is? He just reviews food. No, with sort of a monotone voice. He's actually brothers with a, he was a MMA fighter himself and he's brothers with Kevin Lee who was a, a top UFC contender at one point in time. And he just does these like sort of monotone videos where he reviews food. Is he like super, Super popular. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Like how many, It's like why even go to school this? If you could just unbox a video. One of a kind studies shows that 27 million paid creators operating in the us, 11.6 million of them working full-time as creators.


Wow. Yeah. I mean it's like, is That a number one job? If you're from another country and you're like, why don't we just bomb America? Wait, that might be, That's Crazy. Listen, isn't the number one job driving vehicles in the United States, which is one of the things they're really worried about when it comes to automation. 'cause it's one of the first jobs it's gonna go. I've seen those cars where they're operating. There's no one operating them and they're just driving. There You go. They're weird. Okay. Number one occupation. Retail sales person is 3 million. Home and health. Personal care is 3 million as well. Three. Both of 'em are 3 million. 700,000 general and operations managers. 3 million, five fast food counter workers. Three four show 'em all.


What's interesting is 16 more rows, the retail and the home health aides, they're the same people doing both jobs. 'cause they can't afford to live just one job. So drivers isn't even in the top 10. That's interesting. I thought it was like number one of the top ones. So Cooks is 2,000,007 and that's number 10. Stockers order fillers two eight. And so influencers was what? 1 million? That's what it was. One 11. One point 11 0 11. Wait a minute. So that's more than that. Yeah. So what the fuck. So go back to that chart again. 11.6. That's like the top four combined almost. That's crazy. Yeah. So that's the most common job.


So why is it saying retail sales person? It's like literally three times more common than that. Well I have to then dig into where they're getting their data from I guess. But Wow. So it says retail has been the most common job in the US since 1997. Not anymore. Bitches. Yeah. That's crazy. So that means an influencer or content creator, whatever the fuck you wanna call people. That's me too. I guess with, that's the number one job number podcasting. I used to have a joke back when it was just reality shows that there's gonna be a reality show about a cameraman on a reality show. That Somebody's filming him. Someone's filming the cameraman on reality. What a crazy job.


You are a cameraman on reality show. And then someone's gonna say, but who's the cameraman behind the cameraman? Right. And then it's gonna be like two mirrors facing each other. The United States is gonna be filled with just camera people filming other camera people. Other camera People. I'm into it. It was a joke. But it's kind of true now. Like once, because I, back when I said this, this was like, You know, 2000 something when I was on Fear Factor, there was no social media stars. It didn't exist. Right. And social media itself didn't exist. But now that it does, now that you see the impact that it has and how many people are making a living as air quotes, content creators, it's kind of fucking crazy. It's incredible.


Yeah. It's a totally new market that emerged outta nowhere. And according to that thing, at least it's the number one job in the country. Yeah. I mean, it makes sense. People are making a ton of money off of it. That's why people are like filming every single thing that they do. Yeah. And just putting it on Instagram or TikTok. Well they learn from the Kardashians that it doesn't even have to be interesting. No, it doesn't. You just have to have a new scene every five seconds. It's just five Seconds. And also if it's something crazy, if somebody's fighting like a fight, that helps. Yeah. But it doesn't even, that doesn't even matter. All you have to do is just constantly switch angles. Do you ever watch a reality show? The the The scenes constantly change.


Just switching. My wife watches that stupid fucking Kardashian show and I'll watch it too. But sometimes puts it on the gym. It's so monotone. Like it's just one monotone person to another monotone person. She Just likes the clothes and the this other pretty Houses design. I mean listen, I've walked the Kardashians. I get it. But the point is, every like five seconds the camera changes angles. You never have Like what? Like the like a podcast? Yeah. It's just you and me. The only thing that changes is your camera's on, when you're talking, my camera's on, we're talking sometimes it's both cam, both of us talking on camera. I mean I wish Kris Jenner was my mother. I mean the way she's made these kids so famous. Like could you imagine telling your kid to fucking have a sex scene and then release it?


Do You think that she did that? Yes, she absolutely did that. For sure. I think so. Really? I'm pretty sure. Hmm. I reserve judgment. I think she, I think she did. And I think it was the smartest thing she could have done for all their careers. Definitely worked. Absolutely. And then everybody has sex, right? Like you wanna watch, go watch, Go watch it. Yeah. But the fact, like you would never think a mom would put that out there, but it was like pretty brilliant. My mom would never do something like that for me. Well You know that she's a little unconventional. Sure. Yeah. It takes an unconventional woman to like release your kid's sex tape. She kind of turned her husband into a woman and basically made the entire clan super rich.


Well even Rob is rich. Super rich. They're all rich. Crazy rich. Yeah. For no reason. Like Not 'cause of that text date. Right. But like that is kind of the The seed. It is. Yeah. Because It, Ray J was more famous than Kim when they did that. Right. And now Ray J's like nowhere. And then that's Like if his mother also was on top of it with Chris, he could have been a bigger star too. Nobody gives a shit about Rej anymore. That's crazy that he didn't capitalize on that Because his mom wasn't Chris Jenner. Right. But why didn't he figure out a way? Because like what is, I don't know what's unique about her way of thinking. I think it's just Kim is very pretty.


That helps. And he's a good looking guy though. Got a big dick. He, he is a, he is a good looking guy. Got a big Dick. Right? He, I assume I, You know, I never saw the video. How Dare you lie to me like that Right To my face. That he has a big dick. No. That you never saw the video. I didn't. I saw the video but I didn't see his dick in it. What Did you see? I think I saw it too late. I seen it years, years later. You black out. I seen it years later. I checked it out too late when the dick wasn't in it. What? The dick was removed eventually. I think the dick was eventually later. Come on. I don't know. I've been bet searching for it pretty hard. I bet Jamie can find it right now on PornHub. Let's see. Can you find it? We PornHub is blocked in Texas, Joe. Oh no. Well You know what? Why is you gotta have certain why laws. If you wanna have free guns, Why can't you?


Why is it blocked in Texas? It that's the Weirdest Is not blocked. It's not blocked. You just have to have proof that you're 18. How do you prove that your license? Do you upload? Yeah. You have Chris Jenner say that you're over 18. You have to have proof. Okay. I guess. Well I'm gonna go home and search it. Well, porn addiction for kids, It is a real thing. I dated a guy that had porn addiction. You Know what happened? I mean we broke up eventually. He was also a little autistic and then he went to see a X therapist and I think they were fucking, So I guess she fixed it. What? He fucked his sex therapist. Yeah. Jesus Christ. For real.


I mean that's what he told me. I don't think he was like lying about it. What a bitch. Yeah, but you have to Like, it's like any other addiction. You have to like stop doing it. Right. I didn't even know he had it. I'm just focusing on the sex therapist. Yeah. Like how crazy is it? She's fucking her clients. Maybe her boyfriend wasn't a fucking her at all. And she was like, at least someone's obsessed with it. Well maybe give it to me. Maybe that's how she cures you. Because If you're horny, if you're like a healthy person who's just horny normally and the person you're with is not horny at all and you're exhausted by that, but you're a sex therapist and then you are, you're talking to some guy, good looking guy and he is like, I, I want to fuck all the time. And that's the thing with, And she's like, You know what I want to fuck all the time too.


Sure. But like with porn addiction, you're so used, like he would have like 300 screens open at once. So one person to is boring. So that's what like porn addiction is, is you need. So I'm exaggerating, but you need like a lot of different things open And it probably has to get more and more progressive for you to like get off. Wow. Well that's where it gets real weird, right? Like you start getting into like the darker side of porn. Like violent porn and choking and gagging. Spitting and slapping and abuse. Sure. Tying people up. That kinda shit. Like, 'cause if you're, if you're just getting your jollies, if you're not just trying to masturbate and have a little fantasy, you want to like, it's gotta get darker and crazier and cra it's gotta like really freak you Out.


But that's why I think you have all those screens open. You're watching all of it at once. You're getting Tiny dopamine hits from a hundred sources. So then like Just having sex and then your therapist calling you up. Get over here. I got 300 other therapists here. You're A boy, you're a naughty boy. Get over here. Yeah. So I mean How did she say, how did he say that it started with the sex therapist? I don't know. He didn't tell me like the specifics of it. We had been broken up already and we like remained friends and he just told me that they started sleeping together. Jesus. That seems crazy. That's like prison guards. Fucking the prisoners. I mean if I was in prison I would try and fuck all the guards. What else are you gonna do? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would do everything.


I'd become Muslim. I would like become trans. I would do everything I could do in prison. Right. Just mix it Up to pass the time. Yeah. Especially if you have a long sentence. If you're there for life. Yeah. I'm down to do everything. Yeah. Of I'll do license plates, of course I'm gonna do hair, I'm gonna cook, I'm gonna do everything there. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's weird how many people are in prison. I mean we went over this the other day. How many people are in prison in the United States compared to like the rest of the fucking world? It's like we have the highest percentage of people that are in prison. I think of any country in the Western world for sure. I mean you got, China's hard to count Because you have essentially slaves.


Well also in China they all live in like tiny boxes anyway. Which are prisons of their own doing. Yeah, Well like you, you wouldn't say necessarily that the people that make your iPhone are slaves but they're literally sleeping in dorms and they put nets around the building to keep 'em from jumping Off. Right. I'd rather be in prison. Yeah. How do you get in prison in China? Increasing in prison. They probably like give you less hours than the Foxconn workers. Sure. They probably get better food. How many people? And of 2023, the US had 1.8 million people in prison, which is more than any other country. China had the second highest number of prisoners with about a hundred thousand fewer than the us. But the thing about China, again, like it's not just the amount of people in an actual prison.


You have to think about the actual, actual people that are slaves. Us is the highest incarceration rate in the world. 724 people per 100,000. England and Wales has an incarceration rate of 1 45 per 140,000. And Russia has 581 people per hundred thousand. So Russia's nipping at our heels. Russia people are fucking crazy though US has longer sentences than many other countries, which contributes to the high incarceration rates. I wonder how many other countries have private prisons too. That's the dark part. Is that Well that's how you make the money. Yeah. Yeah. Profit. Profit off of people. I remember when I found out that prison guard unions were lobbying to keep marijuana laws 'cause they wanted people to be in jail.


I was like What? Yeah. 'cause they wanna make money. They want Money. Yeah. They need, they need that job. They need those contracts. So many countries of private prisons, including United States has the most private prisons in the world. 158 facilities in 30 states. Puerto Rico and the district of Columbia, Australia. High percentage privatized prisons. New Zealand, United Kingdom, Scotland, Wales, South Africa, Japan, Brazil. When did they start with the private prison thing? Like who? What fucking monster. Okay, Google this. What was the first private prison? What fucking monster didn't see didn't see the road ahead. When you allow people to profit off of people being locked up.


What Monster didn't see, you're gonna just have people lock more people up. 1984. These motherfuckers. It's George Orwell literally is Orwell. I would've thought it was before that. No, it's a fairly recent thing. Prison used to be something that we used to have because we had to lock certain people up to protect them from society. And instead it became, Hey, I think I can make money. I think I can make money off people in jail. They're using people like batteries to generate money. This thing Says Louisiana privatized it's penitentiary. I don't know if there's a big differentiation between That 1844 Privatized, which was run as a factory. Yeah. Inmates were used to produce cheap clothing for enslaved people.


Wow. That's crazy. You're producing clothes for slaves. I mean that is basically just Chian. That's what they're doing in China. Right? All those clothes that are like $2. Yeah. That's weird. Right. You know, buy a total knock knockoff of a designer dress for like four bucks. I know. It's great. I Love it. And they're being, they think you love it. I think there's a documentary on that that I was watching. My kid was watching it and I walked in on It. Was it like the She End documentary? Yeah. They were talking about these people like they lost the contract 'cause they weren't able to produce things as fast as this company needed them. And it was just all about the knockoff industry over there.


Sure. So if you're a designer, you make like that top that you're wearing and people Like It, they'll just take that top and copy it. Exactly. And sell for five bucks. You know, and you're like, what? It's $59 on my website. Nope. Five bucks. Why are there not knockoff iPhones? There are, not only is there not a, not only is there a knockoff iPhone, there's a knockoff Apple store in China where every single item is not really Apple, But it works just as good. It does not work as good. I doubt it. How long does it last? I mean, why Would, why wouldn't they cut corners? They're already lying to you. I know. Like If they're, why wouldn't they put a cheaper chip in the laptops when they put cheaper screens? If you want to use like Gorilla Glass and Amid displays, that's just expensive.


You used some 'em, cheap ass, You know, five year ago bullshit. And just sell it for more. If It last for a couple years, that's great. 5-year-old bullshit still Works. Yeah, it Does. You know, it's not great though. I mean, I drop my phone all the time, try to Register with the Apple store and they're like, nah player. That ain't an iPhone. Fucking, that's why you need riots so you can steal this stuff. It all comes back to that. Mm. Stealing all this stuff. Mm. But someone's gotta make the stuff Slaves. Yeah. In China. Slaves in prison In China. Yeah. Yeah. I mean what percentage of, let's hear, let's ask this. What percentage of our electronics is made in China?


Probably 95%. Well Locke gets made in Japan and South Korea. Like Sony Huge. Samsung huge. They're probably one of the biggest electronic making. I mean they make everything, they make refrigerators, they make like smart refrigerators where you can like check your refrigerator with your phone to see what the fuck's In there. To make sure your refrigerator's like not doing something. Yeah. Checking on you. Keeping an Eye on that there. What's going on in there? Whatcha doing? How many ice cubes have you made? Are you lazy bitch? Where's my fucking ice? Ice cubes From your refrigerator. From your freezer. Are they the dirtiest ice cubes of all time? Like I Said, 95. Don't I ever want those in my glass? I Just remember all though, I think the Apple stuff is all coming from China.


You nailed it. Oh yeah. All the stuff that gets made actually gets made from Apple. That's all China laptops and computer monitor. China supplies. 92% of US imports phones. China supply 74% of US phone imports. So Samsung does not use China for phones. And I don't know if it's an ethical thing or what, but I think they make their phones in India and somewhere else. Maybe Vietnam. Did they, is there a correlation between them? Like stopping killing baby girls in China with making all of this stuff? Or they like let's keep them alive so we could have them.


No, I think they just woke up and said we have like 85% men. Right. And all these poor women are fucked. You know, like They have to keep fucking all these guys. Yeah. I mean there's not enough women they have To live with like three or four guys just to balance it out. Gross. Just take turns. Competition. They're not as highly competitive in China it sounds like. Hmm. They relo relocated some of the manufacturing from China, Southeast Asia to avoid high labor costs. What They, Those slaves are expensive. Adrian Samsung also hasn't been able to compete with Chinese brands like Xmi, opo and Vivo in the Chinese market.


Interesting. I've never even heard of those brands. Yeah, they make, Xiaomi makes like Highend Android phones in the rest of the world. Android phones are huge. I know Because everybody uses WhatsApp. They don't really give a fuck About messages. WhatsApp? WhatsApp is like big in the Hispanic community too. Yeah, WhatsApp is huge. I have friends that only talk to me on WhatsApp. I do too. Yeah. Like, well Zuckerberg owns it, You know he owns it. But I don't talk to him other than WhatsApp. He's a WhatsApp. But he owns WhatsApp. You talk to him on WhatsApp? Yeah, I talk to him. WhatsApp. What does he say? We Talk shit about things. Yeah. He's like S Up. He's a nice Guy. He really is. He's know.


He is a billionaire. Yeah, he's a nice guy. 'cause when someone's like really rich, like, oh that guy's not a person Robot. Yeah. But he didn't start out rich though, did he? No. So of course not. He invented Facebook. Yeah. But some people start, some people are rich and they like had their families had money the whole time. That that's weird. Yeah. That's weird, right? 'cause then you're insulated from birth and then you go right into a deeper layer of insulation where you're like completely money. Yeah, yeah. Completely disconnected from people. That's when you get into like Bill Gates category, which try, let's figure out a way to block out the sun. Like Get into like you're so rich where you're like, I really wanna fuck shit up for everyone. Imagine like, I was reading this thing about Bill Gates' idea to block out the sun and Oopsies oopsies Jamie, Sorry.


No worries. It happens. I'll clean it. I'm a woman. I'll clean it. Hey. Yeah. I know my place. Like he, they were talking about Bill Gates has some plan to stop global warming and like shoot particles into the air to block out the sun. And people are like, Hey, do You know many fucking people are on earth? You can't just come up with that idea and try it. Like what about the rest of us? This is all you Need vitamin D. But imagine being so ridiculous that you're, you're so wealthy that you think, oh, I could just block the sun. Like, I kind of love it. I kind of love that this guy's so nuts. He is Nuts. And that you're like, I'm just gonna stop like water from hap, like you're just gonna, like I love somebody that thinks they can do that much damage to the world.


I Think people should just stop eating meat and then he just like tries to get every stupid fucking Fake meat. That's fine. But imagine like blocking out the sun. That's crazy. Yeah. He's also buying farmland To do what? Raise Cattle. Who fucking knows. Probably grow his fake meat food. Like GMO shit. Yeah. Well, Fake meat is made out of plant protein and so you have to grow plants Or I've never had it. It's Nasty. I bet it's disgusting. What's the thing about it is like if you want to have healthy vegetarian food, go eat Indian food. It tastes delicious. It's good for you. And it's vegetarian. Like It just doesn't have to pretend to be a cheeseburger. Right? I mean the fake cheeseburger stuff is all Seed oils.


Right. Just eat. Just eat legumes and whatever you're gonna eat. Yeah. Yeah. If you, you can do it like if you can, if you want to eat healthy and have delicious food. Indian food's the way to go. 100. There's an Indian food restaurant in Woodland Hills I used to go to all the time. It was this cool place. It was like everybody spoke Hindi and you went in there and like you had to like, just guess what you're eating and point everything was vegetarian. That's Pretty scary to me. Oh, it was super, super authentic. It was like there's this weird offshoot Indian community and so they had like this Indian grocery store and then in the back of the Indian grocery store they had this cafe And it was all Indian food. It was really good though. It's Pro, they use a lot of spices too. Oh Yeah. They know how to spice the shit outta those vegetables.


But it was good. It was like delicious vegetables. It's pretty healthy Indian food. It's very healthy. It's like vegetables and like all that stuff's pretty good. Also, they use a lot of turmeric, You know, like, and curcumin and the, all the, those spices and like that's all anti-inflammatory rictus. Right? I mean you have to be close to a bathroom, but Like It is pretty good. Let's Go. You gotta be ready to go. I'm gonna eat this on the run. But That's my point is like if you want to fucking eat vegetarian, if you wanna eat vegetables only there's a way to do it that tastes good. And you don't have to pretend you're eating a fucking burger. Those Burgers are nasty. I guess you just feel left out. Like what is the point of pretending to eat that? Well it's 'cause the people quit eating meat.


Right? That's what it's, I understand that. No, they quit and then they want the meat back. They wish they could have the meat. Oh well you could pretend you're eating the meat. It even bleeds just like a burger gross. It's all gross. Just eat A burger or, or eat beans and You can eat. It's also super duper un unhealthy for you. It Can't be healthy. Well, to manufacture it like that, it's So processed. If you want to eat vegetables, this is how you eat 'em. They come on the ground, clean them up, Put some, some spices, Cook them. That's a vegetable. Yeah. You know, run it through fucking machines and glop it up with oils and extract things and crap. Compress it and shot the fuck up. You ever see like a Tempe looks like, Oh it's nasty.


I know my friend was eating it one time. I was like, that looks disgusting. Ugh. I was watching the production of tofu like from scratch with all these machines. Like why would you ever think that's natural? And Tofu doesn't taste good. I mean I know it picks up the flavor. What it, whatever it is. But it's like, it's on its own. It has no taste. No on its own. It has no taste. It's a crude source of protein that doesn't have a lot of amino acids in it. And it's not, its bioavailable, but you can live on it. Like you can live, you can live on vegetables, you can do it. It's just, it's not advisable. You just don't have energy though. Oh no. You're missing so many things. You're missing creatine. You're missing a bunch of amino acids. You're missing vitamin B12. There's a bunch of things you're gonna have to supplement with.


You know, there's ways people supplement that that can mitigate some of that. Algae's a good one. 'cause algae's kind of a life form that's different. And you can get certain vitamins from algae that you can't get from just like plants that grow above ground. This sounds disgusting. I Gotta, it does sound disgusting. You know what vegans should really consider adopting into their diet mollusks. Because mollusks are actually more primitive than plants that they just, we get, you gotta go over the fact they move. Okay. 'cause Venus Flytraps move too. They do. Okay. Would you feel bad about eating a Venus flytrap salad? If you do, you're a cuckoo person. You're not just a vegetarian.


You're a cuckoo person. Now. You think the Venus flytrap is smarter than like cabbage. That's stupid. That doesn't make any sense. Do Vegetarians not eat any vegetables either? Aren't there some people that believe like all That's Oh, fruitarians. That's a fruitarian. Yeah. So then what do they eat? Well those people eat cancer. They die. I mean that's crazy. That Shit's so bad for you to just, you only eat fruit. You're, you're overwhelmed with sugar. You're eating sugar all day long. Sugar should be something you have every now and then. I think, I mean I think sugar is generally, it causes all sorts of inflammation. It's not really good for you. It tastes great, but it's not good for You. You mean like fruit sugar or like even Fruit sugar. I think you should get fruit sugar in the form of fruit only. You definitely shouldn't get it in orange juice.


Sure. Orange juice is no different than drinking a Coca-Cola. But what don't want, what if it's like a hundred percent just orange juice? Doesn't matter. Your body's not used to processing all it's processing the same way that liquid sugar. Yeah, exactly the same way. Maybe even worse because some, like my daughter once got one of them little apple juices from Disneyland and she looks at it, she goes, Jesus Christ, this has 18 grams of sugar in it. This Little Oh yeah. Fruit. Tiny thing. Yeah. Like what is a Coca-Cola? Jamie? Is it 30? Let's, let's guess. Yeah. How many grams of sugar do you think Coca-Cola has in it? Probably about 40. 40? Okay. 38. I say about 30. What do you think Jamie? I think it's about like 30 ish. 39.


39? Okay. Yep. That's it. Yeah. Sorry. That's what it is. It's 39. Okay. So what is 12 ounces of orange juice? 12 ounces of, let's say fresh squeezed. So it's, you think you're eating healthy, fresh, squeezed orange juice. There's, you still have to be better off having a fruit juice over a diet Coke. Not, Well, not Or not Diet coke. A regular Coke. Regular Coke. Not much. Well there is, they're both fructose right? About 30. 30. Yeah. Real similar. Real similar to Coca Co. Coca-Cola. You do get vitamin C, you get that. But if you want orange juice, you should get it from eating oranges. Sure. Because when, that's when your body knows what to do with that.


Your body gets a slice of orange and goes, I didn't do with this. This is good. So how does your body put fiber in there? Okay, so lemme answer this. Okay. Now if you're drinking orange juice, how come your body doesn't recognize that as an orange? Because It's going straight to your liver. Okay. Okay. There's no breaking down a fiber. There's no, and and you're getting a dose of equivalent to like eating eight oranges immediately. Mm. Okay. Your body's like, what the fuck? What's going on? Fuck is this. That's why soda's so bad for you. Sure. Your body's like, what the fuck is this? Well I stopped eating sugar. Totally. I only have like fruit, but like other than that I don't have any like cookies or cake or any of that stuff. How Do you feel? I feel better.


I mean, I lost a ton of weight. You did? You look great. Thanks. I, I was How much did you Lose From the last time I was here? Probably like 45, 50 pounds. But I also was working out too. How do Your joints feel? They must feel so much lighter. They do, but like I have a friend who's like losing weight. It doesn't matter how much you weigh, it doesn't weigh on your joints. And I'm like, You know, that's like not true. That Doesn't make any Sense. I know, but you just kind of have to let people think that. 'cause what am I gonna do? Fight with you about it? Just, okay, fine. She said it doesn't make a difference in Your joints. It doesn't make a difference how much you weigh like on your knees. A guy Or a girl? A girl. Hmm. And I was like, okay. I'm just like, I was staying at her house too and I was like, I'm not gonna fight with you about this. I used to notice the difference when I was fighting, when I would lose weight, when I would compete.


So I used to weigh like 155 pounds and I had to compete at 140. And just that 15 pound weight you felt? Oh yeah. I felt so light. I, So it felt, So it's, you feel a total difference. My feet, well I work out with a vest. I put a weight vest on so it's a 25 pound weight vest. And I do like all these body weight exercises. When I get that, that 25 pounds doesn't seem like much. I get that thing off me. I'm like, ugh. Yeah. I mean my back, everything feels better. Of Course your joints, everything you, you're overstressed, but your legs are probably strong as fuck. I used to say that about Ralphie Maye. I'm like, bro, if you could lose weight, you could kick through a fucking building. But I think your knees are just like, we need a A Breaked.


Yeah. Right. But they will get a break. They're gonna get a break 'cause you're gonna lose four if you pounds If you lose 400 pounds. Sure. I mean, but I was looking at his legs. I'm like, the muscle you must have in your legs. You, you go upstairs. You know like Ralphie was performing in the belly room. I going Upstairs. Oh, Okay. Ralphie went into the belly room. So he had to go upstairs. You remember the belly room of the store? That's a fucking stair old school staircase. But I mean, how often are you doing that? Well he is walking a lot 'cause he was always walking. Just walking. Right. Imagine if, okay I weigh 205 pounds. If I had to put on a, what did Ralphie weigh in his prime? If you had to guess. I have no idea. 500 pounds. Pounds. If I had to put on 300 pounds, imagine if I am and I'm in shape, imagine if I had to walk around the comedy store with a dumbbell on my weight on my back or a barbell on my back with 300 pounds on it.


Okay. But I mean you're Not, I can make it like 30 steps. Then I have to put it down and take a break for like five minutes and then try to pick it up again and I'd be exhausted. This dude's just walking around all day like that. But if you're walking around that much, you're gonna lose a lot of weight too. He almost Lost that much weight. That's what you lost. Yeah. He weighed almost 800 pounds Yo. And just walking up the stairs at the belly room, he lost 300 pounds Just once. One time. One time. That's crazy. Why are we not having all the fat people walking? Wow. He used to weigh over 800 pounds. He underwent gastric bypass surgery and lost three 50 pounds. But a struggle with his weight. He, he blew out his gastric bypass twice. Well the thing is with, I mean a lot of people that get those surgeries, you're not, if you're not figuring out the reason why you're overeating like that.


Right. It doesn't matter. You can still gain the weight back if you eat small meals all day long. I have friends that have gotten it and you just eat small meals all day long. Right. And you're just still gaining the weight back. Yeah. You Keep, you at least maintain your weight. You can't keep as much in there at a time as like a giant plate of food. But No, but if you eat little meals all day and you'll gain the weight back. I know people that have had that surgery and you're like, oh you just gained a lot of your weight back. Right. So they're not eating 'cause they're hungry, they're eating 'cause they're crazy. They're Something wrong. Well they're eating right. It's like the same way people abuse anything, right? Yeah. Like if it's alcohol or sex or drugs, You know, it's the same thing, right? You're trying to like numb out and fill a void. So if you don't actually address that, you're not gonna just stop eating.


So someone told me this, find out if this is true. Does Bruno Mars owe the MGMA ton of money from gambling? I've heard. Is that true? I've Seen the story where someone's claims they were There. Yeah. I've talked to someone who claims that it's someone who, who would know, who claims it's true. But isn't that crazy if true that even a guy like Bruno Mars who's this super wealthy, super famous, super talented singer. Singer, It doesn't mean you don't have issues though, Right? But the the gambling one is a nutty one. It Is. Well my dad was a gambler. I blackboard, mgm, he has no debt Because MGM probably made some sort of a deal. Right? That's right. Because it doesn't, he have like some sort of, he has no debt with MGM, wink wink.


So they have a deal. So what is what They have some sort of a, he has a residency there, right? I think so. The word is right. I don't know if he's got a gambling problem. My dad was a gambler and like he made no money. It's the craziest thing to be a gambler when you have no real money. Oh, it's A crazy one. It's a crazy addiction. It's an addiction that I, I first saw when I started hanging out in pool halls when I was 23, I started, I became addicted to playing pool. Okay. I was playing it all the time. I, I blew my knee out. I needed to get knee surgery and when I blew my knee out I couldn't work out. So I had to wait for surgery.


And so like my ACL was all fucked up. And So I just started playing pool with one of my friends and I became addicted to playing pool and I would go there all the time. 'cause as a comedian I didn't have a job. I just would go on stage at night and during the daytime right, I'd hang out in pool halls and at nighttime I'd hang out in pool halls and I just got around these people that I, I've, I had never known anybody like that before. Just fully addicted to gambling all day long. They would go to the racetrack. Oh my God. They would go to off track Betting. My dad used to take me to OTB as a kid. That's brutal. And that's when they used to let you smoke. Oh god. You just come home smelling like smoke. It's Disgusting. And you're hanging out in there as a Kid because me and my sister, we would hang out with my dad in the tb. Oh my God. For hours. I feel like such a good dad. Yeah, you're a way better dad.


It wouldn't be better if my dad was gambling and he was like, You know, he was a mailman. God you can't, oh God you can't ga you can't do both of those things at the same time. Yeah. It's a crazy one. It's a really cra who was it that told us that the dad, the dad was gambling so hard they lost their house. Fuck. I forgot the whole story but it's just, you don't hear a story very rarely about a gambling addict who like kills it and like they retire in Vegas and they No, Because you keep going until you eventually lose everything. Yeah. It's a dark one. Did you see uncut gems? No. You should see it. Okay. Well it might be too close to home. It doesn't matter.


But it's, it's Adam Sandler's I think it's best movie ever. And it wasn't even a comedy at all. He it's a drama. Okay. He fucking kills in it too. It's so good. I have heard other people say that. It's so good I gotta watch it. But it's for me like having known those people and it's so filled with anxiety. 'cause it's a, it's a sports betting thing. Sports Betts are the craziest ones 'cause there's so many different ways to bet. You can get bet the spread. You can bet parlays you can do all My dad for a while my dad was like taking money from his pension, which like, yeah. So when he died there was like really not that much money. And my mom was forcing him to go to gamblers anonymous while he was also still gambling. It's not gonna help If you don't really wanna stop.


Right. If you don't wanna stop, you're not gonna stop. I think food is the hardest one because food addiction, you always have to eat food. Right, right. All the other ones you can kind of just not do anymore. Well that's Anymore why I stopped eating sugar. 'cause once I start eating it I can't stop. Right. So then once it's like outta your system, you don't crave it anymore. Well That's because your gut bacteria changes. That makes sense. Yeah. It's, what is it candida? Is that what it is? There's a specific type of gut flora that consumes sugar and it thrives on sugar. And with people that eat a lot of sugar, it's very prominent in their, their gut bacteria. And it literally changes your brain. It changes your chemistry. I mean it changes your mood.


Doesn't sugar also just like a breeding ground for cancer. Like when you have cancer. Oh yeah. One of the things they tell you if you get cancer just stop sugar. Stop all sugar or get on a ketogenic diet. So get your body to eat like high fast ketosis. Yeah. Eat a lot of macadamia nuts and things with, You know, things you get a lot of fat from and just, that's you, your body starts burning fat, which you feel so much better when you live like that. Your brain works better. Yeah, for sure. You're just like in a brain fog. Yeah, for sure. For me, I mean, You know, I, I'm Italian So I grew up eating pasta and bread and pizza. It was like common Me too. And when I stopped doing it, when I went like on a carnivore diet, the first thing that I thought it wasn really bizarre was I wasn't hungry during the day.


Like I ne I never got this like famished starvation feeling. Well 'cause isn't it like you're, if you're eating stuff that's like high in carbohydrates like that, you're doesn't your blood sugar go like drop really quickly and stuff? Yeah, it spikes when you eat it or spikes, it's like it's insulin. Your body produces a a ton of insulin and you want, you want your body to run on ketones. If your body runs on ketones, it's just Like It works better. Or your thought. One of the things that I noticed like almost immediately was like when I came in to do podcasts, I was much better at it my, my brain. Like just as a, from a performance enhancing perspective, my brain functions better. I can perform sentences better If I was eating like a lot of sugar.


You almost get like that same hungover feeling as if you drink. Yeah. Like I've had that where like if you binge eat sugar and then the next day you're like, oh my God, I feel so hungover. It's similar. Yeah. Yeah. It's similar. Like there's something to, it's not as extreme 'cause you're probably not dehydrated too, but yeah. Your body's like, what are you doing to me man? What Doing? It's not good. It's not good. Not At all. But it's so delicious. Like It is. Cake Is so fucking good. It's amazing why you're eating it. I know. And why are you Eating? You like, God this is so good. That's how my dad felt gambling on the horses. He's like, this feels so good. And then what he, so they would send us to Catholic school and he would like not pay like tuition and then they would call me in to like talk to me.


Oh no. And I'd have to go talk to my dad. And I'm like, and he was gambling the money away. Yeah. My dad was always gambling. I think people need some excitement in their life, You know? Sure. And it's like, why are you doing that? What are you trying to numb out? 'cause god knows what he was, You know what I mean? Like everyone's kind of trying to fix their problems from their childhood or they're not. There's that. But I think with gambling it's also, it's the thrill, it's excitement. Yes. That's thrill. And you, you get addicted to just having a purpose and having excitement. Your purpose is to figure out when the Knicks are gonna win by 17 points. Sure. And if they win, you win. And then Yes, I'm alive. It like spikes you like you're just like that feeling of like winning and then that feeling of losing.


That's the craziest thing about the Adam Sandler movie. There's a moment in it, spoiler alert, where he does make this big win. And so with this big win, he's gonna be able to pay all these people off. There're trying to kill him and he immediately doubles down And it puts it on another. You're like, what the fuck are you Doing? Right. You just would, because that's the thing, you're chasing that high constantly. I had a friend who was a huge gambler and like he lost so much money and no matter how much he gambles, if he's up $15,000, he's still chasing that $8 million loss. Oh. So it doesn't matter. He's, he's constantly chasing that big loss and like no matter how much he wins, he is like, yeah but I still lost all that other money so I'm gonna keep chasing this. My good friend Dana White is a gambling addict.


And also if you're super rich you just have more to lose. Oh yeah. He, he goes hard. We went to visit him at Green Valley. Was it green? No river. Red Rocks. Red Rocks. We went to visit him at Red Rocks. Jamie and I went and when we got there he was $600,000 down when we got there. That's crazy. Playing blackjack. But at the end of the night he stayed till like six in the morning. He was $600,000 up. So he won that money back and then he got 'em for 600 grand. That's crazy. He's there all the time. He loves it. He love, but he's worth like, You know, I don't know what he's worth hundreds of millions of dollars like Right. He can get away with that but Geez, sure. Now my dad is making 40 grand a year. But it's nutty that even a wealthy guy, you would think you're that wealthy.


Why would you want to gamble? You know? It's just the feeling, there's nothing that replicates that feeling that you get when you're like winning or losing. Yeah. It's a real drug For sure. And It's a weird one. It's a really weird, it's Like it hijacks like your human reward system that's built to solve problems and overcome adversaries and You know, conquer and get conquered. Like it's, it's hijacking that little part of your brain. I, I kind of wanna gamble Right now. Right, right. Now let's just fucking Go. If you were a gambler, what do you think your game would be? Whenever I do it, it's just like slots and I Really, that's the dumbest one. I know because I don't really know how to play blackjack or anything so I'm just like not gonna lose all my money.


Well you wanna learn though. We're Learning. I would like to learn. Yeah. I did learn blackjack a little bit. My friend was teaching me, I think I could learn blackjack, craps. I'm like, you might as well be trying to teach me how to read, You know, ancient Hebrew. The weird one to me is like someone who puts all the money on the red or black. Oh roulette. Yeah. As a nutty one. It Is. 'cause don't you have to get the number. How do you even, like how do you even bet on that? It's such a chance. I think there's a bunch of different ways you can bet. I think you can bet red or black. You could bet specific numbers. You know, I think there's a bunch of different ways. But if you wanted to like bet at all red or black, I think you can, I think I know that you can bet like a hundred grand on one roll. I think it's gonna come out red. I don't know. I just imagine like the feeling you get putting, say you put a hundred grand down and then it you lose and you're like, oh no.


Oh it's just stupid. That's my children's tuition. There goes our house. But that thing, it dicks people. I mean that's the argument why casinos shouldn't be everywhere because people would just, everywhere they would be falling into gambling addiction For the most, I mean casinos like there's one in Yonkers in in New York. It's so depressing. It's just all old people that are there on disability just sitting there and they're doing their thing. The slots. Ugh. The slots smoking's having something exciting. Ugh. I know. Just waiting to die. It's very sad. You're waiting to die. Yeah. It's a dark thing that you just sit these people in front of those things and just, they press buttons and all the lights are going on. So their little brain is getting activity. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding Ding.


Dinging. My mother told me that my grandmother was like a big gambler and she also didn't have money. It's crazy me when people were poor gambling and she would lose the money all the time, like the rent money. And my grandfather used to hit her. Oh God. I know. And I was like, I guess he didn't hit her hard enough to learn because she kept doing it. It did work. My Grandmother, she just kept doing it. My grandmother used to run the numbers for the mob. Interesting. Yeah. She actually went to jail. She went to jail for like six months. You really are Italian. I didn't even know you're Italian. Yeah. Yeah. My grandmother, she was addicted to the numbers and she would always talk about the numbers, like I was gonna bet this, that and that. But this one came through and I changed my mind.


She was always like, change our mind the Last minute. That's gotta be the whole time where you're just like, should I do this number or should I do that number? It Was most conversations I had with her were about either ghosts, psychics or the numbers. Do, I mean, do psychics work? 'cause wouldn't you think they could predict the numbers? Yeah, I think psychic phenomenon is an emerging property of human consciousness that's not quite there yet. I think that language didn't develop overnight. I think eyesight didn't develop overnight. And I think psychic connection between human beings is a, it's a real thing that nobody, I think some people are better at it.


They have more of a, a gene for it or more of a, it could be like a biochemistry thing. It could be a psychology thing. There there's, there's something that you connect to sometimes where You know something. Right, but you don't know why You know it. There's, when You know someone's gonna call and then they call, you're thinking about someone and they call you. I think that's real. I think it's just not, you can't put it on a scale. I think the problem is it's too aerial. It's like too ephemeral rather it's too, it's not quite there yet. But I think it's an emerging thing that's happening. Would, Would you wanna know the day you're gonna die? If you could find out? No. Would you wanna know how you're gonna die? No.


No. I'm interested in while I'm alive. Just living. I, I would like to know the day. I Wouldn't want to know. I don't Wanna know because then I would just take a lot more chances. You'd be freaking out the last few days. Sure. But like I would probably do a lot of stuff now if I knew I was gonna die at like 70 or 80. We probably are gonna die at 70 or 80. So You should probably that way. Yeah. But You know for sure, You know for sure. Well technology could come along and extend That quite a bit then I would try and see if I could die before just like run across the highway. Really. Like just beat the system. See if I could beat the system. Well you can always jump off a bridge. Imagine that George Washington Bridge. If I was gonna do it the best, that's the one. That's the bridge to Gopuff of. Do people do that? I'm sure they do, but you gotta do it when it screws enough people.


Like Labor Day weekend or something. Just hold that traffic up. I had A friend who jumped off the Golden Gate. I guess he died. He did? Do you ever see that documentary? No. About the people that lived? No, I haven't seen it but I've heard of it. I know about it. You know, it was interesting 'cause some of the people that lived are like, as soon as you jump you regret it. Yeah, of course. It's like your body's like freaking out. It's like, oh my God. Of course. Yeah. You have three seconds to think about life before you plummet. 75 miles an hour into the ocean. They always stop traffic too on the bridge. Which is weird, right? 'cause you're like, they're already dead. Pop Out of the water and land The road. Just go on the ground and look for 'em. What are we doing up here? Yeah. Why? Why can't I, why can't I go over the bridge? Why are you stop traffic on the bridge? I guess it's to make sure that nobody pushed them.


Look for evidence of like fingernails clawing at the poles. Sure. But like, You know, the highway is fine though. I agree. Just like look on the edges. I think whenever they get a chance to shut things down, they Like it. One time I got hit by a, a car, a drunk driver and they shut the highway down. Everyone, all the cars are there and you kind of just throw like, yeah, it's amazing. This is All from me. We did this. Yeah. Fuck you. It's Kind weird. You guys, you guys aren't picking your kids up. Yeah. Sorry. This Drunk driver decided to hit me. Oh, guess we're gonna shake your pants. Sorry. Not gonna make it overtime. That's true. Fuck Yeah. It's True. I had a drunk driver hit my car and then ask me if I would help them push their car off the highway.


Oh, that's adorable. Yeah, he was so, so wreck. How drunk was he? So I don't know. He, he went away in handcuffs. But like he had an Audi and he, it wasn't even his car. Oh Jesus. He was undocumented. Oh Jesus. M Like I don't even know if he, did he have a license? I don't know. But he, it was un it was crazy the whole situation. He was like, Hey can you push me off the highway? I was like, probably not God damn dude. That's how people die too. A buddy of mine from high school died that way. He was changing his tire side of a highway. That's crazy. Yeah. It's so dangerous. People don't fucking pay attention. They don't. Especially if it's late at night. Well, especially now. This was many years ago before cell phones when this kid died. But this like now the odds of like when I see people on motorcycles, oh my God.


Damn. That's so risky. It's very risky. So Few people are paying attention. I see people texting all the time. Everyone is texting all the time. I would rather drive with drunk drivers. Oh yeah. Than people texting and driving. I agree. Because they're always all over the road. All over the road. And not only that, the amount of space you cover while you look down at your phone for like a couple of seconds and and type in a word. The amount of space you cover if you're go 60 miles an hour is really crazy. Of course. And then you're also not paying attention to the other people who are texting and driving. Exactly. It really is just like chaos. Maybe I'll get home, maybe I won't. Why don't we all have bumper cars? Let me ask you that. I think wouldn't It be better if everybody had a big rubber thing all around the outside of the car so we could just kind of bounce off of each other?


Probably That would be a good idea. But then you also need people to die 'cause like we're just too overpopulated. That's Where fentanyl comes in. Just fentanyl. Exactly. Give everyone fentanyl. Like if you were gonna fix the homeless problem and you weren't gonna use fentanyl, what would you do? I'm giving them fentanyl. 'cause it's like a nice way to go out. Right? It's quick. It is quick. And you're so happy and then you're dead. They Have Narcan everywhere though. They just bring people back to life. But the thing is, it's Like I never see Narcan anywhere. If you weren't going to like, if you like for real. If you were trying, if you were just objective, if you weren't looking at this in terms of like what's the kind thing to do? Sure. And you wanted to clean up the homeless situation.


Well you have to spend a lot of money on mental health. Right. You know, you have to like care about the veterans. I like, I have a whole joke about this on my special about how like we don't really care about veterans and I've dated a lot of them. A lot of veterans that like come back and they're so screwed up. Yeah. And we're not like actually helping them. No. And a lot of them end up on the street and they're crazy. But they need like a lot of, they, You know, like mental health and they have to, you have to like kind of figure out how to go back into society. Oh Yeah. Like I've dated several veterans and like they're crazy. Understandably. You know, understandably, you can't go to war for like eight years and then come back and work at Target. Right. Like, it's just not a way that that happens. Right. Yeah. So you would've to be willing to like help veterans, you'd have to spend money on mental health and you have to.


But this is the problem is like doing those things doesn't really yield a lot of money. So people don't wanna waste their money into it. That's What's fucked up. Right. They do whatever they can get away with. And if they get away with like using the veterans and not paying for them to be better, they just do. Also, everyone's like, well they can go to a VA hospital. It's like, I've seen how hard it's to get services from there and that's a person that's not really crazy and messed up from war. Right. So it's like you're making it so hard for these people that go and serve the country. I know I talked to JD Vance about this. I talked to him about psychedelics. Tell me, what did he say? Well, he wasn't aware of it honestly. And so he was interested in it. And hopefully now that he's actually the vice president, I could connect him with some people that could perhaps show him some things and explain to him all the different ways that they've figured out.


Especially in other countries like in Mexico to help veterans. IGAs a big one. Ibogaine, celly, ayahuasca. All these different psychedelics have shown to have remarkable effects Even for depression. I think people take it, they microdose. Yep. Well not just microdose like the, the Ibogaine one is, I've never done that. But what, what I understand it's like almost like a 24 hour. You want some water. It's like a 24 hour experience. Thank you. I Can't, that shows you like a movie of your life. I don't wanna see that. If it shows you, well, it shows you apparently and I'm, this is just me hearing what other people have told me. But it explains to you why you have these problems and shows you what, what developed where the, the issue started.


Mm. And by seeing that you could figure it out. You go, oh, okay, well I won't do that anymore. Now I get it. I now I get what this hole I've been trying to fill is I don't need to fill the hole anymore. So I don't, but that's the thing. Like I feel like I know what was like probably wrong in my childhood. I know that. But it doesn't like fix me. Right. It's different. It's not just knowing it. It's like seeing it at almost like a subatomic level. Okay. Like seeing the process, seeing what's going on inside of you and recognize that this is a very bad path to follow. Not just knowing it and still doing it. Not just like not being able to get out of a habit.


Not being able to get out of a pattern of behavior. But to see like the source of it. The path where it takes you and the right way to go. And to see it laid out where you go, oh I could just do this. And just like let that go and move on and be a better person. Be a healthier person. Be happier. Yeah. And so many people that I know have done that. They've stopped drinking, stopped o opioids. You know, opioids is a big one. It's a big one that it helps. IGA does. And IGA is like completely non-addictive apparently. It's a terrible experience and nobody wants to do it again. Iga? Yeah. You do it. What is it? It's from the Iboga tree, which is an African tree that has, it's a very bizarre, I don't know what category of psychedelic it's in, but it's not technically, it's not like psilocybin.


It's not which is mushrooms. It's not like dimethyl tryptamine, which is ayahuasca. It's something completely different. Some different pathway. But particularly effective. Again, I've never tried it, but everybody I've talked to that has particularly effective in curing addictions. Interesting. I've never heard of that. Yeah, I know quite a few guys. My friend Ed Clay, he actually opened up a place in Mexico because he hurt his back. He's a jujitsu guy. A lot of Juujitsu guys fucked their backs up. Like my backs fucked Up. And then they probably get hooked on Like get some shit. And then you go, yeah, you get an operation or you get a pill, You know you need some pain pills 'cause you, you literally can't tie your shoes because your fucking back is flared up. And then next thing You know you're hooked.


And thanks to the Sackler family, those sweeties, They made so much money though. Those Fucking monsters. We were just talking the other day about they, they started the Valium thing too. They were responsible for the Valium thing in the 1970s. Same family. It's a family of demons. Sure. Just fucking monsters and no one's in jail. I watched the documentary. I guess it was about the Sackler family with like Was was the Netflix one? I don't know. There was a couple. There was one on I think Hulu and there or, and then there was one also on Netflix. Yeah. There was dope Sick. And then I Watched Dope. Sick it wasn. Very good. What was the, what was the Netflix one? One called Jamie Killer Painkiller? I think so. Is that what it's called? I believe that's the Peter Berg one.


Peter Berg came in and explained it all to us and talked about the documentary is fucking great. It's so good because it's like they're such demons and just to know that people like that exist and walk amongst us. That's it. Pain. Killer. Killer. Well listen, speaking of Netflix, go watch Magic Broderick fucking kills it in that too. Go watch my Netflix special. Yes. The Dark Queen. The Netflix special. Tell her where'd you film it? We filmed it at The Cellar. Oh nice. Nice. That must be good for you, right? Comfortable. Yeah. Just 'cause I'm used to it. Right. But I gotta tell you like your club is amazing. I love it. Thank you. I would definitely film something. Well we love you too. Yeah, I would definitely film my next one there. Everyone's been trying to get you to move here. I'm gonna be moving here. Oh shit. I'm gonna come here probably like a little bit in December and then I'm gonna LA to promote The Dark Queen and then I'll be here in January.


Oh Shit. I know. Nice. And I'll be seeing Marshall all the time. So The last time I talked to you about this was in the bar at Mitzi's, you, me and Bridget. That's Right. Do we go Ari's been like, Do we push over the top? Well Ari Ari was like said the meanest thing to me. Wanna see the text that Ari sent me. Sure. Yeah. He sent me a text like Adrian's coming to Austin convinced her to move there. He's telling everyone that. He's like, he goes, well fine, just be a feature the rest of your life. I was like, all right Ari, I get it. I'll find it. Fuck. There's too many. There's too many. Goddamn. But Ari, too many Ari excited for the special. He is like, I think everyone's gonna be really upset. I was like, I hope So.


I listen, I want people to Like It. But I also know that like it's triggered topics that people are gonna be upset by. Of Course. But that's, it's your specialty. I know it's weird too. You like doing that. But that's the thing. I think people think I'm trying to like be dark. It's just kind of who I am. Well you joke around like that off stage as well, right? Yeah. Like and I think nothing of saying it. Well If you were raised by a guy who took you to a smoke-filled off track betting when you were a little girl. When little girls wanna go to the park Sure. And hang with their friends. Instead you're around a bunch of fucking gamblers and degenerates. I mean yeah. My uncle was a, that's the kind of humor my uncle was a Hell's Angel. Like it's just my whole, everyone's crazy in my family. Yeah.


So It's like, it's the way you make fun. Yeah. And I had a friend in grammar school that killed himself and we all went to the funeral and then went out after. And all of our sense of humor is so dark and you're like, oh that's also where I got it. Where was this In the Bronx. The Bronx? Yeah. Yeah. Well the Bronx is, that's a high sense of humor type of place. 'cause there's just so much fucked up things going On. Right. And everyone's like kind of poor. Yeah. Yeah. And they have the darkest senses of humor 'cause they've experienced the most. My mom also has a dark sense of humor. Really? Yeah. So like it's, it's just, that's kind of passed down I think. Well I think your mom probably experienced a lot of fucked up things too, obviously. And she was married to your dad. So that helps. She's married to my dad.


Cops have the most fucked up sense of humor. Joke around with cops once they get comfortable with you. Oh yeah, they have. They see the worst. She All day long. Of course. Yeah. They have the most fucked up sense of humor. Sort a fireman. A hundred percent. Yep. Anyone that has like a high P TSTs. Anyone. Anyone that has a high P, what is it? Ptsd S. Yeah. And I date a lot of guys with PTSD. That's your thing. And then I just give them more, it's a cycle of PTSD all should be hospitalized and institutionalized. Do you meet guys after shows? Like how do you meet them? Like they kind of have to know what you do before they see you. Otherwise they're gonna go, oh Jesus Christ. I mean I've had people like that.


I think the tour preparing for the special is hard Because it was just people coming out that didn't know my sense of humor. Oh. And if you don't know that and you're taking a chance on me, I'm not like that person to take a chance on. Right. Or I think sometimes they're like supporting a woman and I'm like, I'm not the right woman to take a chance on and support. That's A kid. You're just not gonna be happy. You'd be so mad at you. I've had people walk out, I did that military joke in Texas. Yeah. And like 20 cowboys just walked out. Oh. And I wasn't even saying anything bad about the military. I'm like, we just don't care. We don't care about them. Right. Some people are just dumb and they see it as their, this is my chance to make a protest. Lemme just get up right now.


But they, they hung in so long through the show where I was like, That one was it? Yeah. It was probably 50 minutes in. Did you crack jokes about Jesus at all? Sure. And they were fine with that. Maybe they were on the Edge. They didn't walk. Maybe Jesus put 'em to the edge of their sheet. And then Veterans, it's, it's interesting because both sides have woke things they're upset about. Oh yeah. You know, I walk people about Ukraine, the Middle East. I was doing jokes about the Middle East and this lady was like, next. And You're Like, no. Yeah. I used to have this joke about the second coming project, the second, do You know what the second coming project was? No. It was a thing that they were trying to do. Remember when Dolly the sheep, when they first cloned Dolly the sheep? Yes. Well the idea was that they would take genetic material from the shroud of Turin and they would clone Jesus.


Great. Do it. And my joke was, well cloning is not an exact science. Like if you wanna do it now, like they had to do like 20 dollies before they got one dolly. Right. Like before it was real. A lot of 'em come out all fucked up. Like what happens if you clone Jesus? And he comes back with down syndrome. And so this, the whole joke is About you kill him anyway To kill Jesus following Jesus around. And he's, You know, wearing a hockey helmet and turning dog shit into cookies. So did They actually do it? No, they never did it. Oh, okay. It, It's kind of a bullshit thing. But this lady goes next subject. And I just kept going on with it. I was like, no, Religious people are so weird to me. It's not Even a religious thing, it's just some people just, they don't want to hear wild things they want to hear.


They don't want to hear things you're not supposed to say. They don't hear 'em all day at work. That's funny. And they come out in a comedy club and they wanna sort of apply their sensibility. That's fine. But like, if you are willing to believe a wild story like that, how about believe this other wild thing could happen too? Well The thing is, it's not, it wasn't totally a wild story. I think it was people that were ignorant as to the science that were proposing it because they thought this would be the pathway to bring Jesus back. What is Jesus gonna be doing anyway? Well who knows? I mean depending upon what that means. Right. Right. If that is the pathway, let's, let's just imagine. Okay, everybody is thinking if you're really religious, you believe that one day we'll have the rapture and Jesus will return.


Okay. So if God created us in his image and God instilled in us an insane sense of curiosity that has led people to create things like genetic engineering and cloning. And then we have an understanding of genetic material. Not where we are now, but maybe in a future sense. Where you could literally get a cotton swab from a person and reproduce them. Sure. Like they, that's all they need. Cotton swabs. All they need for 23 inmate. Right. They get a little swab in your mouth and they sell your data to China and that. But that, I would never do that. I did it. I just wanna know what was going on. It was all things I knew. Did you, what did you find out?


Mostly Italian, some Irish, 1% Asian, 1.6% African. You're a 1% Asian, 1% Asian. 1.6% African. Yeah. I think the Asian's probably like gang Khan shit. I think king is k just fuck so many people. It's just gotten to so many people, so many different places. It's crazy. It's crazy. Yeah. That guy fucked everybody He had there. We've talked about it before, but I always forget the number. But there's a certain percentage of people on earth that have his DNA and it's astounding. It's an astounding number. It's pretty Cool. Well he also killed 10% of the population while he was alive. Yeah. And that's why he was like repopulating them. Well, took a lot of slaves, sex slaves they called, called them wives.


Back in those days it was different. But when they would conquer people, he'd just take their wives, take everybody's wive and Fucking, I mean it sounds like the thing you should do. It wasn his move. It's not bad. It's interesting that all these years later and You know, he's thought he's not thought of as monster. He is thought of as like an historic figure. Yeah. I mean, but The Hitler times a hundred. Like Sure. He was Fucking insane. Like they, they used to light bodies on fire and then use 'em as catapults. They would launch them onto roofs to burn the roofs down. That's, that's how they would scare people. Just take Victims. What a crazy, a crazy way of like doing that. They did so many insane things. One of the things they did was when they would capture a city, they would take the generals and the all the, all the different people.


And they would create a platform and lay all these people out and then stack the platform on top of 'em. Then they would all climb on top of the platform and eat. So they would eat lunch on top while they were crushing these people to death slowly. That's crazy. Were the people dead already? No, no, no. They killed them that way. Yeah. I think that's how he killed royals. I think that it wasn his, his move for killing royal people. Like instead of just slaughtering them outright and hacking what they would just kind of crush 'em. They had a bunch of different ways they would kill people. They would take, when they would capture people, they would use those people at, at the front of the line and push them towards their own army.


So they would sack a city, capture a hundred thousand people, take those a hundred thousand people and put them at the front of the line and press them to go further into the city. And those people would just get slaughtered in front of him and they would eventually kill everybody there. That's Crazy. It was so crazy that there's a guy named Dan Carlin. He's got an amazing show called Hardcore History and he's got this one episode called The Wrath of the Con. It's not, it's five episodes, But there one series And it's all about Kenis Kahan. And one of the stories is about the sha of charisma. The sha is making a a, he's making a trek to gin China to like to see like what's going on over there. Like what do you guys got? Talk to the king and see what's happening in your, your whoever the fuck's running your city.


And as they're going there, the roads were so fucked up with decayed bodies that they had abandoned the roads because all their wagons were getting stuck in the mud of decaying people. Oh. And they looked in the distance and they thought it was a snow covered mountain that they were looking at way in the distance. It turned out it was a pile of bodies. They'd killed a million people and just stack them on top of each other in the middle of the town. They killed the entire city. They killed everyone. That's crazy. And there's no one to clean up the bodies. They Just left the bodies. They didn't give a fuck. They just kept moving. It's wild. Imagine living back then.


Yeah, I know. You're like, You know your wheelbarrow is getting stuck in someone's head. I Know. Yeah. If people were taking gender studies in class today, back then, back then oh my God. They were fucking just running for their lives. It's crazy. Yeah. I guess that we get to do stuff that's sometimes so dumb and like people are like just fighting to stay alive. Well it's also interesting that like over time that becomes less and less acceptable. Like the horrors of Gaza when we find out about it today. Like everyone's outraged back then it wouldn't be the same type of horrors obviously. 'cause they didn't have missiles. But horrors are just horrors. This is like Sure. Yeah. You're just killing people.


Yeah. And so it's way grosser today. Well it's 'cause we also have photos and everything of it. Right. From like back then They, they saw it in real life, which is way worse. But you had to be there to see it. Right. But if, right. But if you were alive in 1200, let's imagine you and I were alive in 1200. How many people do you think we would've seen get slaughtered with swords and arrows and shit in front of us by now? Probably a ton. A ton. It becomes desensitized to it. A hundred. It becomes a, it becomes a thing. Like when I first started watching the walking, what is it? Yeah. Walking Dead. Walking Dead. You're like, I can't believe they just did that. And then two episodes in, you're like, oh, this is normal to me. Yeah. And it's gotta be kind of would've been like back then you watch someone's head get blown off and now you're like, oh yeah, that's just like a Tuesday.


Yeah. People get real accustomed to things. And if you're real accustomed to barbaric living and slaughtering people and Because you're normal Lighting on fire and launching them and catapults onto the thatched roofs of these houses and watch 'em Burn. Right. You can't imagine not doing that if that's all you say. That's what you do. Yeah. That's what we do. That's just what we do. Yeah. They didn't wash, they wore their clothes until they rotted off of their skin. Yeah. I mean I think if they're like catapulting dead bodies. Oh yeah. It's like who cares what you're wearing. Sometimes they just lived off the blood of their horses. They would just drink the horse's blood and that's what they sustain themselves with. But then you just need your horse. It's like travel. Yeah. Horse keeps eating. You don't kill 'em.


You just cut a little nick in their neck and And you just suck a horse's blood. Yeah. That's what they would do. They would take it and put it in a jug and Drink it. You really could survive. Like if you were just somewhere by yourself, could you could sur you. I don't think I could, but I think you could survive. I would need stuff. See the Thing about you would need a Horse. You need stuff. You need, you need physical things. Like you need shelter and knives and you need something you start a fire with. You need something that you can hunt with. Sure. But if I had that same stuff, I would be dead and you would thrive. I wouldn't thrive. You would survive For a little while. I didn't know you could drink horses', blood. Yeah. But you gotta keep that horse alive. And then you have to, the horse is gonna die it Horses Leg dead.


People dead. The horses don't eat meat. They only Eat. They don't, no. They do occasionally eat birds. What if they're starving? They won't eat like a person. No. No. They're not even interested in rotting bodies. They're, they're herbivores. Wow. But they do occasionally eat Birds. I'm learning so much. There's this really fucked up video of this horse following this bird. Or it's a cow following this bird around. I've seen horses do it too, where they found like a ground nesting bird and they just eat it and the mother birds like flying at them, pecking at them. Like, shut the fuck up. I'm eating your baby. At least she tried Deer do it all the time. Deer do it. It's so bad. Like they had this net that they used to catch birds.


Okay. And the deer found the birds in the net. And so the deer would just go up to the net and feast like, like a grapevine. Right. Like a buffet. Eat all these birds. And that's when we started understanding that if a deer catches a bird slip and they just eat 'em. Yeah. Why wouldn't you? Because They're plants. It's Like You don. Yeah. But like a bird is kind of like caviar to them. Probably. Probably. They're like S A l. Yes. A little fogi. Don't mind if I do. Yeah. Have you ever seen cows eat birds? No. Find a video of cow. I've Only seen cows eat birds eat grass. They Eat birds. It, it disturbs the shit outta people who are like peaceful. They are like, You know, I think You know the less suffering they have, the better like cow but also Give fuck.


But a can fly away. It's kind of their fault. Well not babies. Survival of the fittest. You're dead. It is. You're now dead. It's probably nature's way of keeping. Why wouldn't you put your overwhelming Us? Why Wouldn't you put your bird dust higher? It's on the mom. Look at This. Look at this cow. Find A little chicken. Oh yeah. He's going right into his mouth. Yep. Yep. Chump, chump, chump. Oh you dead. Yum, yum. Yum. You dead. It's so weird that they decide that they want to eat that. Just weird. It's weird that they just decide. Look at the kid. Right. Why wouldn't you just eat the kid? Yeah. If you're gonna eat that bird Kid comes with people. People have guns. They figured it out after A while. They don't know. You think so? Yeah. They know the guns are coming. They know that people can kill 'em. I definitely think they know that people are in control. I don't think they feel a sense of power where They can attack a kid.


Also, you can't eat that kid in one gulp. Right. People are gonna know. Right. Right. If you Could just eat it in one gulp kid, it's like who knows what happens to the kid. I Dunno what happened to kid. She says I ate, I didn't eat nothing. I'll help you look. Yeah, let's all look. You have a shoe in your mouth, I'll help you look. Well it wasn a legitimate concern for people. Hundreds of years ago your, your kid would get eaten. Sure. If it was out in the yard. Wolves. I mean that's like the big bad wolf. That's what all that shit was. Little Red riding. Imagine like your kid survives cholera and then it just gets eaten. Ugh. Ugh. I can't believe that. Right. Like that's not even that long ago that people were dying of cholera. How many years do you think it wasn?


Oh Who knows. I mean how many different fucking diseases killed people just because of poor sanitation. That's what a lot of that stuff came from. Sure. A lot of that stuff came from poor sanitation. I mean just think about how many people were just dying in these cities because of the plague. 'cause they'd throw their shit out the windows. I Mean they'd be Rats and bugs and Yeah. I think I would learn pretty quickly if I threw my shit out the window once that like, that's not great. I think you would think that. But there's people in India that shit in the street to this day, It's like, I mean I watched a video where there's like a parade and they're just throwing shit like that's part of the parade That doesn't Is that in India? Yes. Cow dung festival or something. Yes.


It's Cow shit's like different kind of shit. Shit. It's gross shit. But it's not like human shit. Human shit is the nasty shit. I'm sure you don't think anyone's mixing human shit in it at this dung festival. Yeah, I bet they're not. I bet they're like, hey let's, let's spice it up. Yeah, but it's Not pure dog. It's not as clean as you think. Maybe. Oh Jesus Christ just thrown at each other. Imagine like this is what you sign up for And they're all smiling. I don't get the appeal. Ugh. I don't know. Maybe You know, maybe how like You know you, if you eat a lot of sugar, you get that candida and maybe if you play with shit enough, you get that shit bacteria Get excited. I mean their teeth look so white 'cause they're covered in shit. They're just covered in shit guys And Shower up.


This is ridiculous. We have to deal with the infections with the cow. How are they Not, what is going on here? We won't get any infections from the cow dung. He says Wait, what does he say? What was his statement? Yeah, because of the coronavirus and other viruses. But back it up before that. That's it. Okay. Here heaps of kung are brought in one place. We all play in it. We have had to deal with the coronavirus and other viruses. So we believe we won't get any infections from the cow dunk. Okay. Smart. I Mean you see this and then you're like, You know what? It's not that bad that we're doing unboxing videos. I mean these are kind of, these guys are basically content creators. They are content creators but they don't know that.


They don't know that. Right. We're watching these. I mean can you imagine just being in there and just throwing shit at someone? How do they not know now though? It seems, Seems like in this day and age, I, I don't think that's an old video either. Do you See when like they give Amazon tribes starlink and they give 'em phones. You Said Amazon. I just thought of Amazon like that. I order stuff from. Oh yeah. No, the other one, I just want regular Amazon that brings, I order stuff from Amazon and it's like a $3 thing and somebody's driving to my house and dropping off like whatever it is. Floss. They figured it out. I never buy toothbrushes from the fucking store. I just, I know. Click a link. Bam. But it's like, so I'm spending such a little money for stuff that someone's driving to my house to drop it off.


Eventually it's just gonna be drones. I mean just drop it off at your head. Drop It off at your house. And then there's people that, that's the, those are some of the grossest people. People that steal people's packages. Especially during the holidays. People Are stealing. You don't even know what's in there. If that's the fun you get and you're like, this could be a tv, this could be an iPhone. It could all, it could also just be toothbrushes. There's So many funny videos of people getting busted. You know I've, I've seen them. Yeah. God people are just stealing videos for like Christmas. If you live in a neighborhood where someone steals your packages, that's such a shitty feeling. There's fucking people in your neighborhood that are clocking. What's getting dropped off at your house?


Yeah. I mean Chris Rock used to have a bit about putting, if you bought a new tv, oh you had to be careful putting the box out in the street and the garbage. 'cause people know you have a new tv. They know you have a A new tv. Yeah. And They wanna break in your house and steal your tv. I mean now TVs are like worth nothing. They're Worth nothing. TVs I remember in 1994 when I first moved here, I got a big TV for the first time. It was fucking big. It was like this Big 1994 was a great year. It was like 24 inches. But it was like you had to pick it up Like it was a giant ass tv. Like It had a whole back to it. Yeah, it was humongous. And then it was one of those years like 94, 95, they came out with a plasma TV And it was $20,000 And it was like 40 inches and flat.


And Because it was flat it looked like shit. It didn't even look good Because it was 40 inches and flat. It was like $20,000. I remember thinking this that is the dumbest thing. Like I'm paying $20,000 for this space behind the tv. Yeah. Like I don't, who cares about this space behind, behind the tv There's space behind the tv. Yeah, there's like six feet between the TV and the wall. What do I give a fuck? I know TV. Use this an extra 12 inches of TV behind it. What are you stupid? You could pay $20,000 'cause it's flat. I guess people wanna hang it on the wall. It was a thing to let people know you had it. You had money. Yeah. You had a plasma tv. Right. See you can find a plasma TV from 1995 ish. They looked like shit. I think it was must have been 96.


'cause it wasn, when I first bought a house they looked like shit and they were $20,000. I was like, this is crazy. They were so heavy. Those big TVs. Oh giant. Might not have been 20 grand. I might be exaggerating, but it had to be like eight or nine. And this was like, again, 95 ish. How much did they cost back Then? I remember the, that TV right there, the silver one where it like comes with its own stand kind of. Oh Yeah, yeah. That One. That's where you go over to the person's house. That that's that person has the, the Super Bowl party. Yeah. You gotta help have friends help you carry that in. So it was Fujitsu in 95. Fujitsu introduced the first 42 inch And it was how much money? I figured it would say right here.


Price it. No, I had that there. Right there. Sample price for the 42 inch G was 1000 or 1 million yen. But Fujitsu aimed to sell it for about 500,000 yen per unit. What is that in dollars? What's 1 million yen in dollars? Looks like 15,000. 6,000. So 6,500 bucks. That's still a lot of money. Still A lot of money. So it wasn't 20 grand. I exaggerate, But that's a lot of money still. But It was just the regular TV was like a hundred. Like what? How much is the regular tv? It wasn't that much money but if, if you had that, you were the man like oh Bobby must be doing really well in Hollywood.


Look at his, He look at that flat, Flat screen television. Oh 10 grand. By the year 2000 prices had dropped to 10 grand. Oh, prices had dropped to 10 grand. Yes. So maybe it was 20,000. So they start at, I dunno, interesting. See if it says up there. Oh four 15,000. 15,000. 15,000. Okay. One of the first flat plasma TVs. I think it was a Phillips that I saw. It was at, available at four Sears locations in the US for for 15 Grand. Oh my God. Sears. Is there Sears anymore? I don't know. I haven't seen a Sears forever. What I remember when I was like a kid, I got like a Sears credit card and I just bought like my ex-boyfriend at the time. Like rims for his car. Like that's what you just spend your money on. I don't Even, I Sears is almost like the, the Bernstein Bears Effect.


Like the fact that you said Sears. I was like, oh that's a thing. Like I forgot about Sea. Don't think it anymore. But how could that not be a thing? Like Sears was huge. Still have a website. Really? It's Not, I don't think Texas. Do they have any lo There's no locations though. I mean it's given me a store locator but it's not showing Me a map. But that's a weird one. Like Sears like that had left my memory until this. And then you saying it like even knew I said Sears available at Sears. It Didn't hit Your head. Then you started going Sears. Do you remember the Oh I remember Sears and then I was like, I remember Sears Too. Do you remember where nobody Beats The Wiz? Do you remember that store? Yes. Yes. Do you remember Crazy Eddie's? Yes.


Crazy. Eddie was actually crazy. Yeah. Turns out there's Nine left. Oh wow. One In Puerto Rico. Eight on the in mainland. Interesting. We should take a road trip just to go to a Sears. We should fill the one in Puerto Rico. We should bring Tony. Bring Tony. That'd be amazing. First of all, Puerto Ricans were not upset by that. I mean I'm sure somewhere, but like my friends were like, I'm still voting for Trump. They didn't Care. Puerto Ricans can take a joke. Yes. They're some of the best shit talkers on earth. Absolutely. It's, it's common in Puerto Rican communities. Just have fun and joke. Absolutely. It's not a super sensitive neighborhood. No, it was super sensitive ethnic group.


No, but most people didn't care. They're like, I don't care. It Was a stupid ding to do it there. But it turned him into a legend. As long as Trump won. If Trump didn't win, we were gonna have to hide him. For real. Yeah. I was gonna hide him. I was gonna move him to Thailand or something. To Thailand. Yeah. He's gotta get outta the United States for a while. For how Long though? A While, depending on how bad sideways things go. If Kamala Harris becomes president, the deep state takeover and they completely censor all social media. Remove everybody's guns, force vaccinations on all your babies. Everybody gets a sex change. Who knows. And he's just in Thailand And he's in Thailand with lady Boys Just drinking his life away because he can't believe he fucked it up for one shitty laugh.


He Could go live in Puerto Rico. You know there were stories that were ready to be published if Trump lost blaming it on Tony. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Blaming it on that one joke in Madison Square Garden where the facts is, and Tony will tell you actually Puerto Ricans voted 26% more for Trump. Which is true. They probably did Than ever before. Yeah, well people were fucking fed up. People were fed up. Were just, I didn't even vote. None of this makes any sense. I mean I think honestly most people right now, their main concern is like they can't even afford groceries. Exactly. So They're like, whoever I think is gonna help me with that. Well listen, I don't know what is true or not true, but like people who were like, I can't afford to feed my kids.


It is so crazy. I was watching this guy on M-S-N-B-C and he was dismissing that in terms of like when people think a certain way, like people have like a particular, if they're a leftist or if they're a fundamentalist Christian, they, they have one thing in common and that thing that they have in common is they want everyone to think like them. Sure. And this guy was saying that about like young people listening to podcasts and they're getting air quotes radicalized and that we need something that can do this from a feminist perspective. Okay. And teach young men feminism the, the whole thing was so strange but one of the things that he said it wasn the most strange.


He said of instead of like these minor grievances, like the price of eggs or someone is teaching you some your kids something in history that you don't agree with. Instead of the those minor thing. Like what's major then man food for kids also like food For your Family History is just history And And history. Well You know, he said something you don't agree with. Like what? I don't know what that means but education is primary. It's one of the most important things for kids. You gotta, for the view of the world, they have to be correctly informed. It really helps if you have a good education. Sure. And then if you have food, if you can afford eggs, that really fucking helps. And this, so this idea that these are minor issues and the important issue is no it's not connecting men to feminism.


Listen, you can do that if you want. But like most people right now are like, I can't afford to pay for groceries for my kids. I don't even have kids. But like people are like, I can't afford to buy groceries. Of course. But people who are making more money now are like, I can't save any money. Yes. Everything's more expensive. People are fucking out of touch. I'm clearly out of touch. Clearly. But I remember when I was poor. I understand it. I really do. And I know what the fuck is going on and I know people are saying, Hey this isn't a minor deal. This is like one of the biggest deals. You guys fucked up the economy and you're gaslighting everybody and telling everybody you didn't, you guys have spent billions of dollars on a war that nobody agrees with hundreds of billions and you're gaslighting us.


Yeah. I just also like these teachers that are just like spending all their own money for supplies for, it's like, what are you doing? Crazy. Why Do teachers not have supplies for kids? Right. And you're right. They are the future generation. So if they don't have food and they don't have, they're not like being instructed in, You know, learning stuff. And you have these schools where there's so many kids to one teacher. The United States is like someone who owes you money and they say they don't have it and they keep buying cars. Right. That's what it's like kind of. It's like how did you have the money to spend all this money on another country? Wouldn't you have any money to spend on the education of Kids? I mean homelessness, the veterans. Let's Just pick, let's just pick education. Like how much could they fix education with $175 billion?


You Shouldn't have a teacher that needs to buy supplies. Right. And imagine this, imagine if companies were incentivized. Like what if they got government grants based on how well the kids performed in the school districts. That would be great. Yeah. Like literally make it like Halliburton for schools like You know Halliburton, they blew up Iraq, Halliburton comes in and cleans everything up. Have something that profits off these places getting better and the better they do in terms of dropping in crime, education rates, graduation rates, college rates, everybody gets more money. Figure that out. Sure. Figure That out. I mean they just want more money for prisons. They do that too. That's true. But if you don't send them out, spend their on education, then you could just have these people have to turn to crime and put 'em in prisons and that's how you'll get money.


There's a bunch of things they did in the eighties that still fuck with us today. And that's one of them. That's a big one that the eighties must have been so wild because there's no computers and it's just like TV in the newspaper and everyone's running wild And Reagan's the president so nobody thinks anything's real. It's crazy. Get a fucking movie star. Is the president JF K's dead? Nobody still understands that one wasn't Reagan's was Reagan's wife the one it wasn called the throw goat Allegedly Yes. Give her her flowers. I think she is the throw goat. Well I mean you could bestow that upon someone to best smirk their memory. You could do that. It's hard to say Is that necessarily a bad Thing?


But also the kind of guy that can capture up a president probably knows how to get things done. Yeah. Yeah. I would imagine That's not necessarily a bad thing. Good for her. I think it's a good thing. Yeah, it's a, I mean every guy would agree. Sure. Yeah. It's a good skill for a lady to have then there's a problem. How'd you learn that? Unless you're a savant first Dick, you suck. You're just like, wow, that's, Somebody had to just figure that out. Let's, they probably glasses back in the Roman days. You think so? Oh yeah, Probably. Sh probably guys showing each other how to suck each other off. Everybody was blowing everybody back then. They're just, You know, throwing bodies on fire. And then also there's throat goat glasses. Imagine What their ball smelled like back then. Disgusting. I can't even imagine. Jesus Christ.


You'd Probably put shit on their balls so you couldn't smell their actual ball smell. Like you're like I'd rather smell straight. Shit. Listen to that. So gross. That has to be the worst mouth. Did you ever see how they wiped their asses? Where in the Roman times? Yeah, they Would take a sponge. It wasn on a stick. It was a communal sponge. Well Communal sponge. Why did I just see this on like Instagram or something? Yeah, it's like just, I think I'm all, I think I'm all set. I went to Pompeii and I took my family there a few years ago. It's really interesting 'cause these people died like instantaneously and then they've sort of uncovered a lot of it. And one of the things that they uncovered was like this communal like shit house.


So it's just like these holes around this like a horseshoe pattern. Yeah, like that. So these holes, so these dudes just sit there and just sha into the ground. So it's like kind of a toilet kind of idea. It's kind Of, but I mean I don't think there's any water. And there's the sponge. That's the sponge. Look at the word. They had a name for it. Such how often did they xlo pon? How often did they change the sponge? Oh they couldn't change it enough. Even if you had your own sponge, It's not enough. But like a month You're dunking into that fucking, okay, hold on a second. Academics disagree to its exact use. About which the primary sources are vague.


It has traditionally been assumed that a type of shared anal hygiene utensil used to wipe after defecating. And the sponge is cleaned in vinegar or water, sometimes salt water. Other recent research suggests it was most likely a toilet brush. Yeah, I mean they're probably cleaning a toilet and also your Asshole. Yeah, maybe it was all those things. Middle of the first century, Roman philosopher Seneca the younger reported that a German gladiator died by suicide with a sponge on a stick. According to Seneca, the gladiator hid himself in the latrine of an amphitheater and pushed the wooden stick deep into his throat. Yo Did he take that sponge off first?


No, he wanted to die that way. He wanted to suffocate himself. That's how much he didn't want to fight in the gladiator wars. See also shit stick Means a thin stake or stick used instead of toilet paper for anal hygiene. And was a historical item of material culture introduced to Chinese Buddhism. And Japanese Buddhism. A well-known example is, I don't, not even, not even gonna try to say that word. Where'd it go? Oh well example, a dry shit stick from the chanen. I'm not gonna say that word in which a monk, A monk asked what is Buddha and master y men? Aman answered a dry shit stick.


Buddha is a dry shit stick 'cause everybody got a shit stick that had everybody else's shit already on it and you just smear an extra shit on your butt. It's Like I'll just have my own shit. Yeah, you're dunking it in the water but how clean is it really get and then it's just soaked in shit water and you're taking that and you're wiping your own asshole with it. I'm glad that I was not, I'm glad I was not born during that time. What Do you think people in the future are gonna be saying about this time though? What are they gonna be most shocked that we did it Wasn so stupid. Hmm. I don't know. Because if We're looking back at Pompeii, what was Pompeii? What year did that go down? I was like 67 Something. 67 ad Yeah. It's pretty wild when you're there.


It's, it's weird Because you get to see some of the bodies they preserved that are just completely frozen in place. Like the ash overwhelmed them and they're just like, like a, almost like a little stone statue. 79, 79 18. Can you show me some of the photos of the pompei victims? So there's like people that are like just piled on top of each other. Like that's it like right there. They just were overwhelmed by ash. Just volcanic ash. The volcano, the heat and the gases just killed everybody like almost instantly. Just completely overran the town. It is pretty insane.


And That is insane 'cause it's just weird that people don't know that. Like when they're building these cities they don't know that that can happen. Like look at that. I mean I wouldn't know that that can happen. No, no One knew back then. But I mean we know now. Look, look at that. That's so crazy. That's what it Looks like. I mean that's a human being. It wasn just literally turned into a statue in place. Fuck. There was one where these two guys were embracing and someone tried to say that it was perhaps they were lovers and someone on Twitter was a very funny comment. They're like, Jesus Christ, imagine dying in front of your friend and everybody finds they're like, oh I knew he was gay.


Well imagine like jerking off, Right? You die in the middle of it. You have your dick, you have your hand on your balls And you're just fucking now frozen in time like that forever. But at least nobody knows who you are. That's True. Yeah. Those are the guys. I don't know those people. Yeah that looks, that's on the way down. Yeah, it's fucked up. Way to go. Instantaneously. Somebody's like, that's Bob and Tom. And when I was a kid, Mount St. Helen's blew up. What year was that, Jamie? I don't know. Mount St. Helen's was in the Pacific Northwest And it was a big deal 'cause it was a, an actual real volcano that killed people in the United States. And we were like whoa. Like what? I thought volcanoes were like in other countries.


1980. So I was not even in high school. Yeah, it wasn, it wasn a crazy one. How many people died from Mount St. Health? It was 57. Yeah. They, they knew it was an active volcano but they didn't think and They, they still went. Well it's like people live on the side of active volcanoes. Like in Hawaii there's a bunch of people that live on the side of an active volcano. When I was in Hawaii, I think there was one of the volcanoes Did Gopuff? Yeah, it happened when I was there too. At the big island. The big island is very active. There's crazy film of Yeah, I, I would just be like, I'm good lava overcoming this Mustang.


Have you ever seen it? No. There's a Mustang parked in front of the street and the lava is coming from this eruption And it just slowly consumes the street and eats this car right in front of this dude's house. Like these people have been living there chilling their whole life. Like your insurance coming home. I from school. Hi mom, I'm home. Does your insurance cover that? Probably not. They try to cover as little as possible. Oh I know if you live on the side of an active volcano, Like it's like hey I'm gonna get volcano insurance. Yeah, That's, that's up to you player. But I want, I wanna have my expensive car. Yeah. I had a friend who he had some crazy situation. I think he had like flood insurance but he didn't have damage from water from a hurricane insurance.


So like your roof can get destroyed from a hurricane and you don't have insurance for that but you have insurance if like your pipes break. Like he, he got fucked in some sort of a weird loophole. What's weird too with stuff like that, anytime it's like an adjuster, if you get the right adjuster they can do whatever you want. Oh yeah. But you have to get an adjuster who's gonna do it. Like I used to call and do like appeals for health insurance stuff and if you kind of sweet talk someone they might just put it through for you. Mm. You have to just keep calling back until you get an adjuster that's gonna give you what you want. Or you have to charm them in person. Yes. Yeah. That's what, because they're just regular people Right.


And they could decide. Absolutely. They hold so much power sometimes that's A crazy power to have. Right. Where you like Tell a person you can get your house fixed. Right. Or like your car's totaled then we're gonna pay for it or we're not. Yeah. Or you're gonna have a shaky ass car for the rest of your life as you take it on the highway. You ever had a car that's fixed that really probably shouldn't have been fixed? I mean my first car I had was like a Ford Tempo and I remember the steering wheel like came off in my lap as I was driving it and I was just like picked it up and just kept driving. You put it back on. Oh I should not have been driving that car. Oh my God. When you're a kid and you buy shit boxes, like the chances of those things just completely falling apart as you're driving are so high.


My dad also would just like wanna paint a car. So he would just like start painting a car and prime it like half of it and then he would give up. So we'd have like a two colored car as a child. It's like so embarrassing. Yeah. If you have a poor car. Oh yeah, we had poor cars. Yeah poor cars all the time. And then my mom got into a car accident and then we got a car with that money. Oh the Ford Tempo was like five grand. I had like bright red pleather inside Bright red pleather. I remember. Yeah it wasn driving with that car, me and my friend on the highway and I'm like, oh steering wheel just came down. But it's still connected So I just pick it up and like make the turn. Oh. So like the thing that adjust the steering wheel dropped off.


I don't know, it just like fell in my lap when I was driving and I just picked it up and like still drove it. Jesus Christ. There's a lot of those cars out there. That's why we need inspections Adrian. It's very Important. My dad though knew a guy who would just keep passing that car. Yeah, Those guys are a problem. Yeah, but that's what I'm saying. It's like the right, it's a person that's like not an adjuster but like if You know them they'll do it for You. Yeah. My friend was telling me about that for muscle cars in Los Angeles. That there's a place you can go in like the hood and this guy will completely pass like any car. I was like that sounds like an FBI sting. Yeah. But I mean there's so many things like that. Yeah, Well especially in New York Pro. Yeah.


I mean, yeah. I Mean New York is all about knowing a guy, All about knowing a guy. It's all about like what you can get away with. Yeah. New York City is disgusting and I've lived there my whole life. I hate it. But I can't imagine like living anywhere permanently for the rest of my life. What Do you think is gonna be the hardest adjustment about moving here? I don't know. I'm not sure. I mean I can't live here during the summer. I can't do it. Like flying roaches, whatever, like whatever those things are, I just can, I'm out. Jamie, do you experience a lot of flying roaches? I just see them out Like It was like 105 degrees here when I came last June Ari.


And it was just like we were in his ha he got a really nice Airbnb. He Probably brought them with 'em. There were a lot of crickets this year. But I don't think It Wasn. That's different. Yeah, There's lot. I mean I was in the room in the bathroom and there was one like this big A Roach. Yeah, whatever. Maybe they're cicadas, whatever they're called. Oh yeah. Cicadas are very different than roaches though. They look like roaches Though. People eat them. Sure people eat. People Like It, You know what I mean? Like It doesn't make it cool or rip but like you could eat whatever you want. No, but I mean it's like a delicacy. Like people enjoy it. Sure. That's Fine. No, like I know a lot of, I know a guy who does it. God bless. That's not for me. My Friend Ryan Callahan, he had a recipe of how to cook cicadas, Put it on on podcast. Don't look like big roaches Though.


He had like a bug. Anyway, I go to get Ari to kill it and he's like, oh it just flew. And I'm like, what? It wasn like a new fear unlocked it flew. It probably was a cicada. It probably wasn't a Roach. It might not have been a roach but like forget. That's what cicada looks like. I cannot fucking cool. They're fucking cool. See if you find cicada recipes, see if you can find Ryan Callahan's cicada recipe. My friend Ryan, he would cook 'em with like teriyaki sauce and baked them. Yeah, apparently. Look, I've gone to Mexico before And if certain resorts in Mexico they'll serve you like fried crickets. Sure. I Mean have you seen that? I've heard about it. Yeah.


Fried crickets or grasshoppers. I forget which one. But they're good. They taste good. They're Probably crunchy. Yeah, crunchy. And it was kind of salty. It's pretty good. It's actually not bad for you. Like legitimately It's protein, right? Yeah. It's the same kind of animal protein that you get from a lot of different things. But protein from cicadas is apparently particularly good. It's like they're, 'cause they're big, I guess probably a lot of protein. Those little fuckers. I mean I just remember being out like outside on like a bar here and they were just, That's all it is for you is the bugs. The heat's not great. You can handle the heat. I could handle the heat over those bugs. The bugs just stay away from the bugs. I don't run into You can't they fly Adrian?


I'm telling you, you're hanging out in the wrong spots. I'll show you where to go with the Sure. Maybe in the poor places. Bugs. Bugs are just, I can't deal with the flying alone Where the bugs are. It's not that big of a deal. Mosquitoes are a pain in the ass sometimes. I don't care about that. I mean, yeah, it's not great. But like those big things, I can't Like Lady Bird Lake, if you go around there, you're gonna, there's gonna be a lot of mosquitoes. They're all over the fucking base. But that's also what the bats keep in check. Have you seen the bat emergence before? No. Oh it's fucking cool as shit. Bats are actually pretty cute. Well there's a, there's the bridge, right? This South Congress bridge and if you go by the South Congress bridge, there's people every night that are waiting for the bats to leave. 'cause millions of bats leave.


So as billions of critters have emerged for seven years. So is this Ryan? I think so. Okay, so you're showing, so you peel off the skin of these little fuckers. What? What is this guy doing? That's not Ryan Callan. I don't know who that guy is. I couldn't find a video Of him doing it then. Okay. But so this guy's just showing how you cook cicadas. So he's basically taking away the outside area. I'm gonna throw up area. And he made a cicada taco for this kid and this lady and they're eating it with a Hmm? She said she's freaking out. Whatever. Yeah. She said it's not bad. What was I just talking about before that though? We were moving on to something else. Oh, what I'll miss about being in being here as opposed to New York.


Yeah. We talked about Oh, oh the bats. That's what we're talking about. The Bats. You didn't Mosquitoes. Yeah. Show the bats emerging from the South Congress bridge. It's really crazy. I've seen, I've only done it once where I went out there Watch it happen. Happen. I don't like to see it's like a million mats. It's like the sky fills with bats and they kill all the fucking mosquitoes. They're deaf Mosquito. Why are they not eating the spot? Also look at that. That's pretty cool though. Yeah, I've never seen the photos of It. It's pretty badass. I've seen it live like that and And if you go under that bridge, you hear them. Yeah. Little flying rats clinging to the roof. What else do they eat? They can't eat just Mosquitoes. Mosquitoes. That's it. They mosquito killers. That's it. They keep the mosquitoes in check. They probably eat a bunch of bugs.


I'm sure they don't only dine on mosquitoes. But they're a significant factor in keeping the mosquito population down. Allegedly. That's what I read. It's fine if that's true. I think it's true though. It has to be. I think it's true. I think that's one of the main things that they, they Help with my friend. He lives in, I guess the country and he's like trying to put up those places where bats will come to eat the mosquitoes. Like I guess you put up those little bat houses or whatever. Mm. He put pheromones in them I guess. And he seems like he can't get them to come there 'cause he has a lot of mosquitoes. 'cause he lives by a lake. Yeah, I bet. Bats It's hard to get them to move into new areas, You know? 'cause I bet wherever bats live, if they live by a lake, there's probably plenty of bugs. Like why would they take a risk to go somewhere where they're not sure if resources exist?


I mean they could just fly. Right? But They live under this bridge and they've been on this bridge forever. Well yeah. I don't think he's gonna get these Bats, but You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like when bats find a spot that works, they're not migratory. Right. They're just gonna stay there. Yeah, they're just gonna stay there. So to get them to go to a new spot, he's probably gonna have to bring bats. We actually had a bat expert on the podcast. Do You know what I need? I I need an expert for pantry Mos. We'll try to find you one. I mean I have pantry mos for the last three months and I can't get rid of them. They do Migrate. Where do they go? They migrate seasonally flying south for the winter and they're returning north in the spring. Interesting. Yeah, that's how I, I Heard about it. There's a bunch more in Houston, Right.


So they probably, 'cause Houston doesn't get as coal probably. But they probably have like an established range is what my point is. Yeah, it's like bringing them to a new range, like to your friend's place Right. Is gonna be difficult because there's not a history of them being there. But I wonder if, what was that dude's name? What does it say? It says they eat between 10,000 and 30,000 pounds of insects. Including mosquitoes every night and every night on their nightly flights And harmful agricultural pests. They gotta be So Austin's bats are, they're fucking huge. They really, they come in handy. But fuck, what was I asking about other than that Merlin Tuttle? Yes. That's his name. Merlin Tuttle.


So he is a, a bat expert and he lives in Austin as well. Fascinating dude. He's been studying bats his whole life. He's a scientist. Is there still new stuff to find out about bats? Sure. Yeah. I mean, bats carry a lot of weird diseases. That's one thing. Mm. You know, like that makes Sense because They're eating these, there's crossover diseases. That's the coronavirus is essentially, it was a bat disease that they took and fucked with and made it vulnerable for humans. So they, they've done a lot of work with like bats and diseases. One of the craziest stories though, there's these two doctors or two scientists rather. And they, they were in Africa and they decided to set up photography to film these bats as they were flying out of the cave.


'cause there's certain cave in Africa that has like some fucking insane number of bats. It's just filled with 'em. And when these bats flew out they shit. So these guys are on the ground in front of the bat cave filming. They didn't covered in shit and they didn't take into account they're gonna be covered in bat shit. Just millions and millions of bats shitting in their face. And they died. They died of like the shit, some crazy hemorrhagic virus that just rage through their system. If you imagine you are a, a human being and you're essentially intravenously taking in bat shit into your system, it's going in your eyeballs.


What a crazy, it's going in your mouth Turn of events. It's going through the, the blood brain barrier. The bat shit's getting into your blood and it's circulating through your whole body and you just develop a horrible hemorrhagic virus. So you can't play in that shit. Like you can play in cow shit. No, I don't think So. I think well, bats eat a lot of like living organisms unlike cows. You know, it's turning these crocodiles, orange bat poop has turned these African cave crocodiles. Orange. I mean that orange crocodile looks pretty cool. That's dope. That's a pretty dope looking crocodile. I'd like a pair of boots with that Guy. No shit. Right. Like natural, nice natural orange crocodile from bat poop.


You know the bat guano is a very potent fertilizer. Right. Because bat guano has like, it's, I think it has high levels of nitrogen. I think that comes from them eating all the insects so that like there used to be wars over batshit and that's where the term bat shit crazy comes from. Yeah. I did not know That Guano was like a very expensive commodity because people needed it to grow crops. So if you could get That's crazy. Yeah. Bat Guano is apparently very potent fertilizer. They have a 4,300 year old poop corps in a Jamaican cave that they've been studying.


What 5,000 different species of bats have been shitting on for Jesus Christ. Oh my tall, oh my God. Positive in se Wow. Sequential layers by generations of bats for over 4,300 years. And it's two meters tall. That is so crazy. Largely undisturbed and holds information about changes in climate and how the bats food sources shifted over the millennia. Wow. Magic gonna Jamaica for spring break and that's where you go. That is so crazy. That's so nuts. Yeah, I don't, I'm trying to find a picture of it but I don't see that one.


You know what I'm really fascinated with is things that existed like only in myth but that every culture has like dragons. Like I had this guy Forrest Gallant, he's a wildlife biologist and he thinks that there's a real possibility that dragons were an actual thing and that Well when they have lived, like when dinosaurs were around. No, no. They lived alongside humans. That's where there's all these records and all these different cultures and You know, there's Chinese culture has dragons. Japanese culture has dragons. Ancient Europeans have dragons. Like dragon is a really not a fire breathing that seems to be bullshit.


But maybe even What kind of like what would their purpose be? Well there probably like a crocodile that flies. There was probably like more than one kind of really dangerous reptile that they called dragons. Like Komodo dragons, Right? Komodo Dragons. Giant lizard. They called a dragon. Right? Crocodiles. Dragons. The question is whether or not one of 'em actually flew. 'cause we know that pterodactyl were a real thing and if, if Tara, I mean they probably were real then. Nah, I think it's probably something like that. You know, some kind of like enormous bird type creature. I only want a dragon if it's going to like just have fire come out of its mouth all the time. Yeah. That's the only kind of dragon aisle.


Shake It on your enemies. Yes. Shut the fuck up. You know, Send it to your house Like when you're in Game of Thrones and that lady's standing there and then you see the dragon's head slowly rager Behind her. I never watched Game of Thrones. I know. How Dare You. I know, it's So good. I keep trying to get into it and I can't. The new one is, nah. No, but I mean the new one's two seasons. Want the old one is so good. It's so good. It's so good. It makes you want a dragon. The lady who Vene was her name Ris who had the dragons? Is that her name? I didn't watch it. I have no I You didn't watch it either. Could you not get into it? Too busy playing video games, golf. It's not my style Fantasy. Bring me your, bring me your puppy. What to reality.


Bring me your puppy right now. Bring me Carl. Like, Jamie, like I don't like fantasy. Fantasy. Not that Kind. Fantasy. Yeah, I don't like, like that either. Fantasy, I don't know, like sci-fi stuff. A little more Interesting. Have you seen a three body problem? No. I, it's, it was on my list to watch it and started. Dude, It's Is it good? Really Good. Really by the guys who made Games of Thrones or the gals or non-binary folks. Whoever the fuck it is. Whoever made it, Whoever made Game of Thrones. It some, that's a thing that you repeat without looking any further. I don't know what producers or whatever, but the point is like It is a really, really good show. Like really fun and science fiction. And my wife who's not even into science fiction, she loves it. I gotta check it out. I really want, it's good.


I really want Carl Do. Carl, isn't he adorable? He's so cute. Yeah. He's got a rest up for Marshall In about 15, 20 minutes he's gonna meet Marshall again. It's gonna, Marshall is like chaos again. Marshall is just happy right now. Oh Yeah. He's happy when Carl's nowhere near him. He's like, Carl, please. I can't. Especially if like, he doesn't have a toy where they could play tug of war. Right. If they could play tug of war, it's cool. But Carl is just awesome. Oh yeah. As soon as I came in he is just like begging my sneaker. Yeah. He just wants to fight. He wants to Play. He just wants, he's he's still so young though. Yeah, He's a little baby but he's also a crazy dog. Like he's he's not, he's like a little little torpedo. Yeah. He launches himself through the air at Marshall. Yeah. He's like, if he was a person he'd be a dictator. He's like nuts. He'd be a gladiator.


He'd one of those dudes fighting in Rome. He's Like distracted. Yeah. He'd be one of them dudes fighting. He'd be like that. He wouldn't be the guy that killed himself with a shit sponge. No. No way. It wasn a He'd be killing people with the shit sponge. Yeah. Just plunging it right in their throat. But you imagine if like today was the lion fight, you're like I don't want to do this. I'd rather choke to death on a shit stick. Imagine how bad I think I'd your life Vest be. Yeah. I think you were like, I'm just gonna off myself with this shit. Shit stick. Like that's all you have to kill yourself is a shit stick. I mean how bad your life do. It has to suck to take this fucking sponge covered in other people's shit and just bypass your GA instincts and stuff it down your hole until you die.


Imagine you don't die right away either. You're Just, you definitely don't die right away. You're just like ingesting those fumes. For sure. Yeah. You, you're, you brought it up growing up in the middle. You Fucked this back Up of killing yourself. The shit stick by stuffing It. Think someone thought that would kill them and they just tried smelling it until they died And it didn't Work. Nah, they're probably used to that kind of smell. It's like smelling salt. I bet that shit wakes you right Up. You want some? No, I used to work at a place that I'll do it but I'm not gonna do it that close. Oh That's what people do with the shit stick it wasn their face. Oh My God. It wasn the biggest one I ever got ever. Oh my God. I thought it had lost a little bit of potency from the other day.


Yo. It's like a delayed reaction shit. Oh my God. That one hit me harder than anyone I've ever Hit. My thought it wasn't even that close to me. It's like chlorine but the most chlorine. It's So I worked at a place that did ammonia abortions. It was like an OB GYN and they used to have that stuff to like wake people up. Oh fun. Oh god. That is so bad. It's addicted though. You wanna try it again, don't we? No I don't. You don't. You sure? I'm not a gambler. I'll give you A couple minutes. I'm not a gambler. It doesn't matter. I'll do it from further away. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. Let's close again. Let's do it again. Let Again, it's one of those things where everybody does it and they're like, what the fuck? Like so bad. Do it Again. It wasn. Lemme try it again. Lemme try it again. Everybody wants to try it again. It wasn brutal.


Yeah, It's rough. It's rough stuff. What do they use that for besides weightlifters? Oh, if they get knocked out? No, no, no. They take it right before they power lift. Why It get it Like it Apparently I, I don't know the actual science. Maybe Jamie can look it up. The idea. I think that is, it shocks your system. Like just jolts everything alive and then you're like, fuck it. Then you can lift more weights. Allegedly muscle. That's crazy. 'cause I didn't even have it that close to my face. They Used to use it with boxers but they made it illegal. They would put it under a boxer's nose to wake. Wake them up To wake 'em up. Yeah. If they got like rocked and hurt they would snap 'em back. I don't even know if it works.


Lots of athletes use it. Players What is that though? Hockey players. Is it illegal for them? Yeah. Why? They're using the smaller versions, but yeah. Why can't boxers use it then? I don't know that they can't. I don't think they can. I think smelling salts are illegally in between rounds. I think it actually was an issue that somebody brought up because I think someone was asking why someone, it was one of the fight men in the UFC. One of the, excuse me. One of the cut men in the UFC was holding someone's nose open after they got rocked, like with his finger. But it was just to create the a more airway. It says that because they can, cause they can mask more serious injuries and cause further harm. Right, Right, right. That's what inboxing is. Why it's, Yeah, that makes sense. So like if you get rocked and then they give you the smelling thought, you might think you're okay, but really you're still fucked up.


Right. The worst injury from them is, is what? This is backing up. I, when I was looking into it is whiplash. It's not like burning your nose. That's Hilarious. I was Like from just going like that. That from the jet. Yeah, Because you can't not react that way. That's Hilarious. And people that are more hurt can fuck get fucked up more. You need to do some neck exercises, homie. Get whiplash from that. That's Ridiculous. You get into a car accident, you want like to get more money. So you just do that for whiplash. A couple Blast of that. What Is that cops stuff Like? It just smells like ammonia kind. I think it is ammonia. Yeah. Yep. That's all. It's, yeah, it's just ammonia in like crystal form. But this is, this company is this, this product is called, ah, this is the strongest one we've ever Tried. I mean I've, I've smelled it before too, but like that is very strong.


It was Like, it was like here and I smelled it. Yeah. It was, this smelled so bad that it smelled inside the seals container. So it had a sealed plastic container on the outside. You could smell it. I had open the, I could smell it through the container before it was even opened. And then once I unsealed it and opened the bag while this was sealed and with like a, a top to the lid, like, so there's the top that's like sealed over the bottle and then the lid on top of the top And you still smelled it through that. Still smelled it through that with like the plastic seal. You gotta pull the seal back and everything. Once we opened it up, I could, it's just, it's insane. Whatever the fuck is in whatever it does to your System. How don't they like get it in crystal form? I try. No. Yeah, you do first.


Okay. Why would you go that close? Oh, That's pretty close. Okay. You turn. Get in there girl. Big breath. Big breath. Big breath. Big breath. Ugh. No, it wasn Nothing. I smelled enough. It wasn nothing. I don't care. I'm not gonna breathe in it. I'm gonna lie. I'm gonna pretend I'm doing it. You did it First. First experience the first time. That first time it was like brutal. Yeah. Doesn't wake you up though. It does. Yeah, for Sure. So if somebody had rocked you, if you're in there with some girl boxing you up, right? She's piecing you up And they just smell that And it get You in the corner. You're like, who? And Then sudden I could see it making you like angry too.


Yeah. I would think it'd probably be good to mask any symptoms of you being hurt. They should have had that on the shit stick. Yeah. Imagine just So I And a bottle of that to kill yourself. Yeah, But that's better. Probably take a long time. You don't think you would die from that right away. It's ammonia. I wonder. Okay. How much ammonia would you have to consume for it to be lethal? Jamie? I Feel like a cup. This is not even a cup. Well that's in crystal form Though. I think it be prolonged at amount of time. You're probably doing it. But if you just down this whole thing, it should kill you swallowed it. Yeah. The whole thing. I feel like we shouldn't be giving anybody any Ideas. Probably not. People were like eating Tide pods don't.


They Were right. It wasn real. That's the, that's a crazy time where like, I think China did that to us. I think they tricked us on the Interneting tides. Yeah. They got somes like fake people to pretend to eat. Tie pods and talk dumb kids. I remember when they were locking up detergent because kids were eating Tide pods where you're like, I don't know man, if you're eating those Tide pods, you deserve it. Yeah. We're always gonna have kids that do stupid shit. There's no way around that. Tide Pods is probably one. I was, I'm lucky Tide pods weren't around when I was a kid. You would've definitely been eating them. I know somebody who would've ate them. There's always that one kid in the neighborhood who'll do anything to get attention. You'll eat a bug bug. They do feel cool though. Hmm? They're like soft.


And what Is in them? Oh, Fire detergent. Oh, Sorry. Tide pods. What? What are you saying Jimmy? They were saying this is probably how this got into sports. They thought it counteracted head trauma, right? Yeah. Like 50 years ago. Wakes you up. Not ju but I mean fully. Like if you were knocked out. Right. Which you, I mean you had a, I know it would wake you up, but like they thought it like fixed you Right? They thought it brought you back. That's insane. Well, they didn't know shit back then. I still smell it. I mean When do you think they figured out brain damage? When did they start figuring out if you get punched in the head too many times? You, you lose your ability to communicate. I think they probably knew it pretty early and they were like, I'm betting on this game though. Let them keep it in each other. Well they definitely knew about it 'cause boxers were washed up even in the fifties and the sixties.


But I don't think they understood the, the extent of it until probably like the sixties and the seventies. People started discussing like being punch drunk, punch drunk boxers. Like I think boxers knew about it, but I think like the general public, it wasn't really a big thing. What About football people like, You know, concussions and stuff. Yeah, for sure. They get it real bad. All of them, all, all contact athletes. Your head getting jarred like that. But I think for us the big one was Muhammad Ali. 'cause Muhammad Ali was such a cultural hero and to see Muhammad Ali in this later stages of his life, like unable to communicate and shaking, it was like very disturbing. 'cause as much as they tried to tell you that had nothing to do with boxing, like come On.


It definitely did. Of course it did. You jostling your brain around. But there's also a, a trauma induced Parkinson's is a real thing, right? And so when you see people that are like Freddie Roach who's a a, he was a boxer and now he's a famous trainer. He has trauma induced Parkinson's is a shake that he tells you is from his career as a boxer. It's just something that happens to people. And so when you see it happen to someone like Muhammad Ali, you're like, fuck. Right? 'cause this guy's like the, the sign of strength. Oh not just the sign of strength, but the way he would talk was so different than any other boxer. He was so fast. He was so funny. Like Howard Cosell called him Truculent once. He seemed very truculent champ. He goes, whatever Truculent is, if it's good, I'm that.


That's a great answer. He had so many funny things that he said he was the first guy it wasn like talking shit in a funny way and getting the whole world to pay attention, You know? Yeah. He said one of his opponents, I forget who it was, he goes, is he ever, have you ever dreams he beat me. You better wake up and apologize. That's Funny. He just said some funny, funny things he would say, but also like refused to fight in the Vietnam War. He said, Hey man, fuck you. I'm not going over there. Yeah, Good for him. Yeah. And then lost his tide, lost his ability to make a living for three years. 'cause of it like the prime three years of his career, right. Was taken from him because he refused to fight in the Vietnam War. So he was, he was a lot more than just a fighter.


He was like a, a cultural icon who defined rebelling against a corrupt and evil system. And then, You know, eventually at the end of his life, he was a victim of the sport that made him famous. And we watched it. Right. And that's the first time we ever watched someone go from, You know, just celebrated for the way he talked to being unable to communicate at all. This gives Two very different versions of when it was discovered. Ancient Egypt. Yeah. 1848 Phineas Gage, a railroad worker survived a traumatic brain injury when an iron rod shot through his skull and destroyed much of his left frontal lobe. Gage's personality changed dramatically and his case considered a landmark in the study of brain damage and personality.


So We have pictures of that. Yo, let's see the pictures. Oh boy. Oh boy. This says it went right through. Oh my God, you Didn't apparently feel much pain. Oh boy. Heath was throwing up for every 20 minutes, but he was lucid and remained talking the whole time. So he just made like his hair part over the hole in his head it said he Obliterated his left frontal lobe, but oh, he survived the accident. 13 inch railroad rod. Is that the rod that he has in his hand? That's crazy. Yeah, I think so. Oh, Crazy. A gun. He kept It. That could be a gun or something. No, that looks like the rod dude. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing that went through his fucking head and he lived And now he is keeping it.


Oh, That's what it looked like. Oh my god. Wait, So it didn't go through his eye? It went through his head and destroyed his eye. His jaw. Oh. What do you think that, what did it say it did to his personality. That's why, so this was like the first study in psychologist changed psychology and Right. What did they say? How did they say it affected his personality? Phineas Gage on second thought. That's interesting. What does that say that on the top, the the title of it, four Profane and Hostile afterwards. A reexamination of the famous case of Amanda's personality Change from a grievous brain injury.


Oh, okay. Wait a minute. Yeah, I Know. Yeah. Stumbled across that too. Yeah. All right, we'll find another way. But Yeah, it's hard to know. This is a funky site. The dude who runs that site's funky. Like, I mean I be, he wasn't a good time to be around. Well it does definitely dramatically change people. Like I was reading about this guy who developed a, an ability to see mathematics in like geometric form and it's called acquired Savant syndrome. So this guy started creating like geometric art, like apparently had no interest in mathematics at all. And then I think he got mugged.


I think he got beat up and then developed some bizarre mathematical ability. I mean that's better than the people that have like traumatic brain injuries and become pedophiles. True. Like, definitely true. Pray for the mathematic genius. Well I Know quite a few comics of Adam Roseanne, BARR Kinison both got hit by cars, both changed their personalities dramatically afterwards. It's probably like quite a few people that just got knocked in the head and then just became a different person. Right. It was really weird. It's a s a sketchy thing. Oh no, your joke was about somebody taking medicine. Oh the the joke about yeah, the Parkinson's drugs.


That's true. That's true. That's crazy. That's so crazy. Yeah, it's called a dopamine agonist. And apparently with some people it co completely removes their inhibitions. Right. He was gambling, Gambling, gay sex. Just went off the rails And where'd you say he lost like 600,000 or something? Somewhere In the neighborhood of that. Yeah. Lost everything. But then when he would stopped taking the drug, he was okay. He got back to normal and he's like, what the fuck was I doing? He won in court, which is the craziest thing. Yeah. He somebody who Lost, he sued Galaxo Smith line. Right. But he Lost money. He lost as much money as he gained back and he was also raped twice.


No raped once. I think he was just Randomly he was raped. Raped. He raped. He was raped. He was raped. Yeah. He picked a guy up off Craigslist. I guess he didn't see that. He just became addicted to gay sex and gambling. It's crazy to like stop doing that and then you're like wow, I remember all those dicks I took. Yeah, it wasn a crazy time. Well he was a different human. Like his brain, like we don't think about it this way, but your brain is essentially this functional ecosystem of all these different things. Dopamine and serotonin, all these neurotransmitters and, and then the blood that's flowing through your body, it's all operating on this sort of like fairly regular schedule of what's available to use and how you inter interpret consciousness based on the chemicals.


And then all of a sudden you introduce this new shit and this new shit makes you wanna suck cock and play bingo. It's just crazy that both of those things are like the same in this guy's head. Well it's just wild impulses. I'm sure you had probably other impulses, I don't know if he got more violent but that that sometimes happens where people like can't control, You know like someone cuts you off in traffic and you wanna be like oh that's fucking idiot. Right. They just fucking can't talk it. They just wanna just drive someone off the road. They just lose their impulse control. That happens to people with CTE as well. A lot of people with CTE, they have a very short fuse. Like very short fuse. Didn't they think that happened when Aaron Hernandez? Yeah, they said he had the worst CTEI think that they had ever diagnosed and he was alive in 28.


You know, so he wasn't, well he's dead obviously 'cause they did an autopsy. But I mean he was alive at 28 before he killed himself with the worst CTE they had ever seen. So it hadn't even killed him. Right. But it had destroyed his brain. I mean his brain was destroyed. He was just filled with holes. That's crazy. Crazy. And they said that when they studied football players, there's some extraordinary number of football players that have CTE. It's in like the high 90%. And this is not just college, this is high school college. But are those people that that have those high CTE counts? Like they're not killing people either.


Some of them are, You know, not a lot. No, not a lot. But the thing about it is, first of all, when it's over you pr, there's a lot of 'em that wind up killing themselves. That's a big thing with it happens with fighters. It happens with soldiers. Also the PTSD T compounding the fact they have brain injuries. Right. A lot of heavy depression. So 345 NFL player, former NFL players with chronic traumatic encephalopathy out of 376 former players studied so outta all those people studied, only 31 dudes didn't have it. So it's 91.7%.


Among those diagnosed in the last year, two former players who once represented the teams paired in the Sunday Super Bowl, former Philadelphia Eagles quarterback. Could you, could you do me a favor and just Google Aaron Hernandez, CTEI did. Yeah. Yeah. With results. Yeah. You had The second highest you could have, I don't know the stages, but stage three where she's ever seen in someone that young. Yeah because He was Yeah, that's what I was gonna say. He wasn't playing as long as some of these other people. That's what's crazy. Range of symptoms including emotional and behavioral changes, memory loss and depression. Yeah. Yeah. It's nuts. It's nuts Since 91% of players, It's crazy too that you just keep playing football Because you make so much money from it.


Well I think Aaron Hernandez was a violent dude already. You know, there was like a lot of abuse in his childhood and there's a lot of crazy stuff. Sure. So I think there's a lot going on with that guy. Right. So he might have been a little unhinged to begin with. I Murdered a bunch of people. Right. At least one. I think he murdered at least two. I thought he was like, I think he murdered two. Yeah, I thought it was two. But I think one is like confirmed. How many people did Aaron Hernandez murder? I know why I thought it was three charged. For one. I mean dudes playing aqui Of a double homicide Playing in the NFL superstar also just gunning people down with one of the worst examples of CG they've ever Discovered.


He was found guilty of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. Did he hang himself? Is that how he died? Did he hang himself? I believe So. Imagine like an injury like that dude with a rod through the brain and now all of a sudden you're a totally different person. Like all your life you've been one person and then gone. That person's gone. It's kind of fun. Maybe not. There's only one way to find out. You, you would try like you would want to know like how hard do I have to get hit in the head to be really good at math? Like you don't, don't wanna overdo It. No, you don't wanna, You know, you're like keep pushing me. I still can't figure this equation out. Just one more kick to the face please.


I think we're right there. I think I'm starting to see geometry. Yeah. That's crazy. But It doesn't happen to everybody. That's what's weird. No, some people make some great comics, some people just make some brain dead. Yeah. There's a fine line. There's a fine line between genius and brain dead In everything. There's a fine line. Alright, should we wrap this up? Let's wrap It up. It wasn really fun. Yeah. Thanks for having me. Always. Thanks for being here. Yeah, you're very funny. I really enjoy your comedy. I lo I love the this the risks you take. You know, you just go for it. It's, it's fun to watch. It's great. It's really is. It's fun. It's a, it's a different thing than anybody else is doing and people love it. I think there's reason for that. And I think you're like one of those people that they have to find out about you to appreciate you.


And You know, that happened with a lot of people that happened like Steven Wright that happened like Mitch Hedberg. Like people had to like know what they're coming for to really appreciate It. Sure. Do you hear that? Do you remember that story? I don't know if when Mitch Hedberg did his special for Comedy Central, it took so long 'cause he was like bombing the whole way through. Do you never heard that? I mean and he's like a genius but like his special, he was not doing well and they kept filming it and film and like finally he's like sitting down on those stairs. 'cause I think he had been at it for a while and you watch that special and it's like hilarious. He's like a genius. So funny. Yeah. But like yeah in the room it just was not going well. Well it all depended with Mitch on also who is there a complimentary opening act that makes sense?


Sure. Like he would have guys on the road, he would like have a middle act on the road that the club would provide and that dude would be doing back flips and singing songs. Right. That's not a great person for you to follow. It's terrible. And so people didn't know who he was back then, right? It was just Who's the headliner? Sure. Oh, there's a guy named Mitch Hedberg. Like why does he have sunglasses on? Why is he staring at the ground? Like yeah. But once they knew who he was, then they would come to see him and then it was awesome. And I think there's a thing like that with you. Well what's funny too is like Louis You know directed it and he's like let's do this thing. At first he was like, let's do this thing where nobody knows your filming is special. He's like, You know, you're just going out there and like, You know, usually half the crowd loves me and half the crowd doesn't. So I was like, let's do one show like that.


And that show I tapped dance the whole way And it was so brutal. I left that the first two shows we did. I was like, the first one was okay and the second one was so brutal. 'cause none of them knew who I were. They didn't know I was doing a special, they just thought they were coming for a regular show and I'm up there for an hour and people like, there was like seven people that liked me but like we all left so dejected. Like Louis was like, I can't even watch this. And Ari, I seen Ari being like so depressed And then I went home that night and I was like, I'm gonna have to quit comedy. Oh my God. And then the next two shows the next night were amazing. But like yes, I'm not for everyone. Yeah You not for everybody. Not even my biological father.


Well you're for me. I appreciate you. Well Thank you. Thanks For having me. My pleasure. So one more time, Jamie show it. It's available now. Netflix, The Dark Queen. Tell people your Instagram, all that jazz. It's just my name, Adrian Ucci. Spell it though. 'cause people are like Sure. That's ucci must mean a I know. Well also, but You have an I first is funky. I I know but everyone always thinks it's an L so that's why I was like we need to to use Oh, A font where it's an I. So it's A-D-R-I-E-N-N-E. And then the last name's IAPA. Have you ever thought about just changing your last name to an A? Just put it A there I, I mean Think it's an L. How about just changing it one big a People know how to say it.


I feel like I like being a little difficult. You do. You do. That makes sense. Keep it that way. Don't listen to me. Thank you very much. Appreciate very much. Bye everybody.