
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. I used to have a dog that had terrible, I mean, just, I don't have a, I'm always traveling. And also like, I'm not real good with discipline of like someone else, You know? Like I don't how to train a dog, So I just let him do anything. So I think it was hilarious. He'd be like, chewing on something, like, check that out. They're like, he shouldn't do that. I was like, eh, fuck it. Let him, like, I just liked the idea that he was wild. It made me happy. Yeah. It's very bad though, if You know your dog bites somebody. Oh, he's always just humping stuff. And like that dog, he was a ridgeback. Oh, Rhodesian Ridgeback. Yeah. Oh, those are, but in my mind, I'm like, well, why do I wanna reign tyranny on this dog and be like, he needs to sit.


He needs to, I kind of liked that he was like this little psycho that would hump things and That's fun. But you gotta be able to control them. Yeah, I know. I couldn't. Yeah. How old were you back then? I Was young. Like 31 or something. At the time. It was like young. It's not That young, young to me. Dude. I didn't become an adult for a while. For like six Months ago. Yeah. Yeah. Well, about four years I think Is mine. No, but I, that dog, I would open the door. He would just dar and I was like, yeah, this dog is unhinged. I let him liked it. Yeah. I liked it. It Wasn cool. It wasn crazy. Yeah. I've had some crazy dogs, but it's like, you gotta train them. I know. They have to listen to you. Well, when I, because I, I had a lot of pit bulls when I was younger. Oh, nice. You Have, they have to listen. You look like a pit Bull.


They have to have like, they have to have a sense that you're the boss. You have to be kind and sweet. Oh, for sure. You love them, but you're the boss. Like, you have to train them. I trained my dog diligently. I was like, treat, sit, stay. Yeah. Up. Make 'em stay for five minutes and then give him a big treat and hug him and kiss him. You gotta like, make sure they fucking listen. Well, It wasn the problem is that I would literally, like, he would be doing something and I'd be like, he doesn't respect me. And I would think Like It was just, it was, that's as simple as it was my dog. He saw me as like a cool guy. He didn't respect this. He was your friend. Yeah, exactly. So like, I would leave him with his dog trainer in Sherman Oaks and the dog trainer would send me videos and he'd be like, look. And I would, I would think, look at me. My money's going to good.


He look at what my dog's doing. He's doing a little turn. And, but it's 'cause he respected that guy. And So then he would come back to my house. He'd just piss on the couch while he's laying there. And I'm going, wait, what was all that stuff he learned? And he goes, my dog's looking at me going Not for you. Yeah. You're my friend. Yeah. You're the cool guy. My fucking me. That's roommate, bro. We were buds. It sucks. You're both dogs come. Which is that metaphor for my life too. Like, I, I was the fun piss on the couch guy. But at some point you gotta grow up and be disciplined and You really do. Yeah. It's better. And you don't have as much fun. But you, the fun that you have, you appreciate. Oh, for sure. Yeah. 'cause it's like, it's not outta control. Yeah. My dog that I have now is the first dog that I've ever had. It wasn so easy to train.


It is like, I didn't even train him. And it's a golden, aren't they kind of dumb? Is that No. My dog's very smart. What's The dumb Breed? They're just sweet. They're sweet. So people think they're dumb, but he understands words. Like I'll say, not that door, dude, let's go in the side door. And he turns around and goes towards the side door. Nice. Like he's, he gets it like he's a fucking smart dog. But training him was like that. Really? Oh my God. First of all, goldens have no resistance. They don't want to fight. They don't want to, they never growl at people. They never, they, if they bark, it's, they see something weird. They never bark at people. Like they're just the sweetest dogs. I love that. So they just want you to be your, their friend. So like, teaching him to sit was like real easy. It was like, sit and I push his butt down and then I, I give him a little treat and then, and then I'd say sit.


And he'd just sit down, love it. And Id give him a treat. Yeah. And then next day he was like, sit, he sat, pat him in the head, give him a kiss. He now he just listens. It was Like that. Which is also the metaphor for, for humans. We like to have a little approval. Like it's less than, oh, it's less of the treat and the pat on the head. They're the most I made that happy. Yeah. They're the most like people. Yeah. Those dogs. They're the most like people. What's the dumb breed? Because I don't wanna keep doing this. Oh, there's a lot of DERs. Sometimes I'll see like a dalmatian and then I'll ask the that one. S a poor little Carl. Carl was, Carl's not the brightest, but his brain's the size of my thumb. It's not, doesn't Have a big head. They're cute though. That's The thing. I fucking love the shit outta that dog. Yeah. He's so jacked too. Look how Jack is. I know. He's a little muscles. He's In constant shape.


Well, him and Marshall like go to war. Like he just, when when Marshall's here, like Carl, Carl gets so tired from playing with my dog. 'cause my dog doesn't fight back. Yeah. So he just totally takes advantage of it. Just love it. Throws himself at him like a torpedo. But when it's over, he like can't breathe. He's like, Oh, yeah. Yeah. Because his, he was bred to not, he's getting wrestle. He's got no fucking nasal cavity. It's Like, It is a weird dog. They used to be a wolf. They look like aliens. What's So fucking weird that humans turned a wolf into that fucking thing? I think it's our best invention. It's a pretty cool job. Like, not saying it's an ethical thing or a smart, I mean, it's kind of like, You know, if you, it's best invention you were doing to a wolf. It's kind of fucked up, but pretty Amazing.


But it doesn't need to survive that thing's. Yeah. He's got Jamie, he's got us, he's in the safest place in America right now. Like when You see those ladies that carry 'em around them little purses got a dog carrying around with their purse. Yeah. That's like, they used to be a wolf. That's wild. They're Trying to do that to us. What? I know. That's the problem, Jeff. Just keep your dogs. They're trying to do that to dogs. Don't change me. They wanna Do it to everybody. I know. If Kamala won, we would've been one step closer to poodles. That's right. Yeah. Every day I was getting closer. That's why I'm single too. Just trying to hold onto any freedom. I, God, it's, You gotta find someone that you jive with that gets you. And that's what's hard. It's like people wanna change people. Girls look at guys. Oh yeah. They look at some guys like a project. Like I know he doesn't wanna settle down. I know he doesn't want this.


Yeah. But if I could just get him to start changing the way he dresses. I know. And then I get him to do the open the car door for me. Like, my hands don't work. I Know I'm still, I'm the ridgeback. We were just talking about where I'm going. Just let me be wild. Let me like, You know, like, I, I, I'll spend like 24 hours with a woman and I just enjoy every second of it. I enjoy every, like, all the affection, the door opening. I enjoy these kind of things. You know, taking care of someone, showing 'em. How cool. Do you open Up the car door? Do I, yeah. I like that. But I'll show them my life. You know, Hey, these are my comedy buddies. And watch me go kill on stage and oh, I got this. I'll pay for everything. And about like, at a 24 hours of my brain, I'm like, all right, I gotta get out of this.


Like, how, like how do I, maybe You're maybe overdosing. Maybe it's like binge drinking. Yeah. Maybe. You know, if you have a glass of wine with dinner, you don't feel like, like, oh, get that fucking wine away from me. That is true. But if you drink like Burt er, you drink fucking boxes of wine. Burt would get on the treadmill and I don get started. Drink a box of wine. I know on the treadmill, Burt suffers from the same disease Patrice had. He doesn't know how, like he's so this one of a kind person that he, everything he says and all the advice he tries to give don't work for anyone else because he's one of a kind. So he'll say, here's what you gotta do. And you go, that doesn't apply to me. Do You know what I'm saying? We can't be on a treadmill drinking a box of wine and then go do a show for 200 grand.


We're different people. Well, he, He can keep going. I've never seen anyone like him. He's a freak athlete, believe it or not. I believe That Tom Segura played him in a game of tennis and Tom got a tennis coach. They had this, like this big tennis match. They even did it on like one of those, your mom's house live screens. Yeah. You know, like they made a big deal out of it. Big tennis match. Bird destroyed him. Oh yeah. Drunk over. Makes total sense. Yeah. Yeah. Giant Belly serves like a pro. He said he literally serves like a fucking division one college player. I didn't know that about him. Yeah. Crazy. That's pretty impressive. He's Like, he goes, what the Fuck? Yeah. He goes, his serve is insane. That makes total sense.


I mean, I'm not Yeah, I'm like somewhat surprised by it. Daily type. Yeah. Just got it. Yeah. He just knows how to do, he's also got this bizarre confidence. Yeah. That allows him to not have anxiety about trying new things. Great. For this business. Oh yeah. Just dives in, takes his shirt off. Woo. Look at me. Well, I was just thinking like, because early he went on some thing where he was gone. If, if you, if someone tells you to quit drinking, don't stop drinking, tell, tell them to shut up. Drinking's the best thing. I go, oh Jesus Christ. You know how many alcoholics are hearing this right now? Bert? Yeah. Like some people should quit, some people shouldn't I get what he is trying to do? I get the point that he was trying to do, but in my mind, is this A tennis match? Like this? Boom. Oh, it wasn. Beautiful.


This episode is brought to you by American Primeval. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin. And it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks us based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package, in fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. E terms apply.


What? What is he doing there? He hit it over the fence. What did He do? Yeah, but the form of it wasn Beautiful. What Did he do there? I think he aced him. Oh, he did ace him. Oh, Tom's flustered. Yeah, He's really good. Tom's just happy he didn't snap his leg here. Boom. Yeah, Look how, look at that fucking serve. Yeah bro. It's got a curve to it too. Oh, that's great. Also, Burt looks fit here. Well, it's the outfit That's for him. For him. He's fit. Yeah. You know, he loses weight, he gets way down and then he binges up again. Oh yeah. He gets crazy again. He lost like 60 pounds and got real fit. Didn't drink for like three months. Yeah. And then he just goes crazy again. Yeah, that's a good time. I love him though. But I was just saying like the advice thing. Like did, did you ever work with Patrice or know him good?


Yes. Yeah. One time I'm in New York. This is the late great Patrice O'Neal. I'm going through a thing with a girl at the time and You know, people ask you how you're doing and if you're sad, I'm a pretty honest guy. I just go, oh, You know this, my girlfriend's driving me crazy. She's back at our, You know, the apartment. And when I was in New York, she's back. I'm just, it's just stressing me out. I need to get on stage, have a good time, have some drinks. I need to like, just whatever. He goes, here's what you do man. You're a good looking guy. And I was like, yeah, I'm thinking I'm gonna get advice from Patrice. You know, this will be great. He goes, you a good looking guy, man. Another girl home. Right? Is that what he said? He let Goes, I seen the way these girls look at you around there. You find one of these bitches. You have a good time. Don't worry about what's back at the apartment. Then when the time comes, bring her back.


Bring her back to your apartment and say, yo, this is me. This is, You know, you gotta deal with this shit. And if You ain And I was like, Patrice, Patrice, you're my hero. I love you. Terrible advice. Terrible advice. You're gonna get me Murdered. You're gonna get murdered. Also, that's just not the type of women I hang out with. Yeah. They're not gonna be fine with that. Yeah. That's a very specific type of woman I could Be bullied who are Already probably gonna murder you. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Time's ticking on that. Exactly. So I just, I have a friend of mine that said that he was going to, he talked my girlfriend and doing a threesome. And if I had the same exact feeling as someone saying to me, Hey, I started making my own bombs. Right. You go, don't do the Jesus Christ, Jesus' gonna die.


Yeah, exactly. But I think that that's what you should think when you hear your heroes or Bert tell you anything, just, just, just know their lives are different than yours. Yeah. There's some certain, one of a kind people that you just gotta say like, not everybody can do that. Yeah. Like Bert went and got a liver screen and cancer. Oh, he's, he's fine. Yeah, he's fine. He can do it. He's fine. He is A machine. He, He goes and gets his health checked and his health is fine. He's 50 years Old. Yeah. He's still going hard. How old is Bert now? He's gotta be deep into his forties. I think he's 50. But Bert will be like, don't quit drinking, have a good time. And then some guy's like, I'm hitting my wife again. Dude, this booze Isn. Well he was probably drunk when he said that, You know, like he probably got that he probably took some time off and then had a drink, started feeling good.


I want to tweet some advice. Yeah. It was one of those things because I love him and, and some people in a lot of the comments were like, oh, another comedian not understanding another comedian. I was just, I was like, no, it's not that I love Bird. If you knew our relationship, you'd get it. Like I where we're good. I just want people to know if you do have a problem, it's okay to quit. You know? You don't Have to. Yeah. Well, especially you as a person who quit. Yeah. I was just saying, hey, You know, this is a sensitive subject for some people. It Is. Yeah. Because some, look, I have certain friends that have recovered from alcoholism and this one buddy that I had that used to drink, he would drink and then his eyes would glaze over like a sharks. Yeah. Like the pupils would be gone. And he wasn't there anymore. Like, oh, Bob's gone now there's fucking drunk Bob.


Drunk Bob. Totally different human being. Yeah, for sure. He would black out all the time. Not remember things like, you don't remember what you did, like you didn't remember anything. I was that guy. I would be fun, fun, fun. Until it wasn't fun, dude. I think it's a genetic thing. Yeah. I mean, I, I am guessing, but I I've never had that. Yeah. So I've gotta assume that it's a genetic, I've gotten fucked up before. Right. I've gotten really drunk. I've never, like, I need to get drunk. I've never been like, I need to get drunk. But I, I have friends that I have one gear dude, So there's a thing. Yeah. One gear. One gear. If we're gonna smoke weed, I smoke all the weed. And You know what I'm saying? If, if, if I We're doing coke, you're going to Tijuana. Right? Yeah. I mean, I think I'm King Coke guy. You know, why do one Viagra when I can do six Viagras?


You know, like I just don't have a, and and that's why also Like, It works to my benefit. You know? The first time I said I'm gonna do standup, I never stopped. Like I was up there. I was obsessed, You know? Did you ever get hit in the head real hard? Yeah, I played a lot of like sports growing up. So yeah. I got hit. I've had two really serious concussions where I went to the hospital. Yeah. That's So you think that's it? Yes. Oh, interesting. Yes. I had two big ones where I lost a week. I don't, I mean, I'm not a psychologist or a psychiatrist, but I do know that that is one of the side effects of brain injury is that you, you lose impulse control. Interesting. Yeah. I've got no governor, which works good. You know? It works good for comedy for some things. Like, You know, like I said, when I'm hanging out with a girl, like I'm best boyfriend ever, I'm king, You know, but, and then it's gotta be extremely not right.


You know, there's kinda these extremes. Yeah. You gotta get to know someone. If you're diving in with someone for 24 hours, 48 hours and you just met 'em, like the chances of you guys j perfectly are not that good. It's like, not even 50 50. You get lucky, you find the girl of your dreams and then, hey, we've been together. We, we hung out together for two days in a row and then fuck, we were married six months later. Yeah. And we live happily ever after. That's real. For sure. I've met people like that. Yeah. It can happen. But generally, right. First of all, when you meet someone, you barely meeting them. You're meeting the thing that they put on when they want someone to like them. It's Performative a little. For sure. I always say to young guys, try to become the person you pretend to be when you're trying to get laid.


Wait, say that again? Try to be, Become the person that you're pretending to be when you're trying to get laid. I like that. Just be that person. Yeah. And you never have to pretend. I love that. I, I, I believe that outside of the idea of relationships, so like I always say like, and I probably heard this somewhere, I read it somewhere, but like the idea of like, you can be like your heroes. Yes. You know what, like what do you like about the person you say you like? Right. They're kind. Okay. So just be kind. Yes. That's what people like, You know, or, oh, I like that guy 'cause he is down to earth. Yes. So then you should try to be down to earth. Yes. You know, it's very, you just, you you should be like the people. You don't, and you can also have anti-heroes. Me and my parents have a very tumultuous relationship and so that's a positive for me.


'cause I'm going, I don't wanna be like that. Yes. Or that quality that I don't want to be like, and So for me it was always lazy people. I, I had a, like a severe disdain for lazy people. Like, and aggressive disdain. I'd be angry at people if they were lazy when I was a young man. It's 'cause I was so scared of being lazy. So I love it wasn. So I was so scared of being a loser that I, if I saw any laziness in people, I'd get angry. Which Is weird 'cause you love pot. Yeah. But that it's a different, a Lot of pot guys are just, they're happy with their laziness. Yeah. It's not me, man. I know. You're the opposite. You're like the most productive pothead I've ever known. It's not a, to me, it doesn't slow me down. It makes me think more. And when I think more, I think about all the shit I need to get done.


And I think about like, how I'll feel if I don't accomplish what I wanna accomplish. Like if I don't put in the work. Yeah. I, I start freaking out. What's your Exact strand? 'cause that's the one everyone needs. I don't think whatever the strand is you're doing. I Like sativa over indica, but I don't like to get super duper high. Yeah. I just, I know it's like drunk. It's like I like two drinks. Nice. Two drinks and I go on stage. I'm the life of the party. We're All friends Loose. Yeah. Come On. What's up? Four drinks. And I'm like, what did I just talk about five minutes ago? Make sure I don't repeat my jokes, You know? Yeah. Make sure I don't bring up something that I'm not sure where it goes yet, You know? Yeah. Like I didn't, I didn't look at my notes Did before I went on stage. Like, I can't, four drinks is too Much. Or you go, I'll scrap these first four parts of the bit and just do this joke.


And you're like, why'd you scrap those? Like, I, I was drunk. I just jumped right to that part. Pop makes me really consider all the things I'm not doing. It makes me call friends and check in on them. Love that. It makes, yeah, it makes me like way more like kind and compassionate and friendly. I wanna hug people. Mushrooms does that for me. Same thing. Yeah. That's a good one. That one was like one a life changing thing for me. Yeah. Because I was like, I, I don't know. I'm trying to explain something scientific that I don't know nothing about. But if I had to describe how it felt, it felt Like it connected things for me where I was like, oh, I need to be a little bit more, I need to work on this. Or I need to check in with so and so, or I need to let go of that. And it wasn all because of, I kinda came back a different guy after mushrooms.


Well, I think one of the primary things that it does is it dissolves your ego. And the ego I think is a giant cage that we all live in. And you can kind of see the world from outside the cage, but the egos there protecting you from reality. Sometimes the egos there protecting you from your understanding of your own mistakes, which we all have. And some, some people bullshit themselves, but they keep it in the back of their head. The ego is what's doing all that for you. And it's doing that as like this little shield, this little cage that you put in that allows you to move through the world. Mm. And mushrooms just whew. Yeah. Takes that down. And then you just get to see the world for what it really is and see you for where you really are. And then see like some of the behaviors that you always regret about yourself or you guys, why am I doing that?


Yeah. Like, what is that? And then you can kind of see the, the roots of it all. Or, and then you see the cause and effect of interactions with people. I remember one time I had a psychedelic experience and I was closing my eyes and I saw positive thoughts as a different pattern. Like I had a negative thought and the pattern turned like dark. And then I had a positive thought, like, oh no, no, no, don't think negative. And it went ha like flowered open love that these beautiful patterns. And then it was like the thing, like the mushroom was telling me that's the way To go. Right. That's the way to go. That perception, Like Yeah. You can lean into negativity. Yeah. If you want to, you wanna be a cunt. I love that. There's plenty of cunts out there. Yeah. But there's people out there that are doing that. They're filled with anxiety.


It's wrecking their life. Dude, just nice people Love being nice, love being wronged. Yeah. They Do. It's such a treat for them to hold onto their wrong. How victim the things they've been wronged and the, and so like that's a such a great way to describe that. 'cause really the, my failures and my flaws and the things I wanna work on and all that stuff are the connection. Like, that's when like, when I was able to go, man, I think I really have a problem here and I need, I need some help. People were excited to help me. Right. Because it gave them a chance to connect and serve. And connect. Yeah. Yeah. And so as opposed to me thinking I needed to pretend I didn't have a problem or they wouldn't be my friends, it made them so much better friends knowing like, oh, we can help 'em. We wanna, so, and that's just, I keep using sobriety as an example, but just in general, the connection is that, You know, the connection's, everything, like real connection with people is everything.


And you gotta have good people around you. Like this whole idea of being nice and me cool. Some people can't be nice. They're surrounded by assholes. Yeah. They're surrounded by people that are fucking with them and taking from them and ruining their life and interjecting in their life. And they're just like, ugh. They have to stand up for themselves for sure. But you've gotta at least aspire to get into a better situation in life and surround yourself somehow. There's a way I've done it. You've done it. Surround yourself with nice people. A hundred percent. It can be done. Yeah. A hundred percent can be done. Find a group, find a friend, find a church, find a, And also whatever, be that person so that you attract those people again. Like try figure it out. I was describing my buddy Chris the other day, like, like what I think the problem is with kind of like modern times.


I know that's kind of vague, but it's like, I see, I've always seen my life as like I got Delta card of hands, You know, some of those cards real good and some of the cards not good, but that's the hand it wasn dealt. Right. And we've all been dealt some hand of cards. A lot of people, bad ones, some people really good ones. We've just been delta hand. And I, I thought to myself, how can I play these cards? I didn't start bitching about the rules of poker. Like I, I didn't start going, Hey dealer, let's, maybe we should change the whole board. Like, no, I just, all I can do is play my hand. Right. Yeah. And I think, and I, I think that like, that's kind of how I'm viewing modern times where people would rather complain about the rules of poker instead of just playing their hands the best way they could.


Well it's outcasts for the first time get collectively as a group and then act like bullies. So they act like people have acted to them. Sure. Like the most, You know, that's that old expression. Hurt people. Hurt people. Right. So the nastiest, meanest people online, I find other than like white radical white supremacists, Nazis and shit, just, you're talking about social issues. The, the meanest people are the left wing people for whatever reason. Especially now. And this is not to say there's not some cunts out there that are right wing people. There's a ton of them. Yeah. But I just, it's commonplace for people who consider themselves good kind people to say things like punch a Nazi. Right. And then they get to define what a Nazi is.


And it has nothing to do with a swastika. Right. Nothing to do with hating Jews. Yeah. You know, you just be voted Republican. Oh, you're a fascist. Right. Okay. You tell me, first of all, what does that mean? Yeah. You tell me what that means. Tell me what that word define that word. You throw that word around so often. Yeah. And there's a word that there's a lot of, there's a lot of definitions of that word right wing, You know, authoritarian government, all that stuff. But also like forcing people to behave and think in a certain way. That's what They hate about religion. Yeah. And It's Also, they claim they hate religion. 'cause religious people tell them what to think and do. It's a religion. And then they do a religious act of being like a liberal going, if you don't think like me, you must be bad.


A hundred percent racism's their devil. And it's okay to hate the devil. And so they try to hate it. Do You know who Mark Andreessen is? He's a brilliant venture capitalist, like super genius guy. And been on my podcast a couple times. He broke the whole woke thing down as a religion. And Like, It is explained how you can get excommunicated Yep. And cast out. And that's, and people are fearful of that. So they stay inside the lines. Yeah. There's a doctrine. They all follow. They're using race because guess what? Who'd wanna be with a racist? It's also gender. It's also like stupid shit. Like you could be non-binary if you're a white man, you got nowhere to go. Hey, I can't be even, I can't even be like Right. Fucked with like nothing. No one's discriminating against me.


You can become non-binary. Sure. So they're like, oh great, you can still fuck girls a hundred percent. You just have to say you're they them. Well, For like in my ex, like for what I've, like in my observation, like the left used to be really like the cool, the progressive side. The nice side. Yeah. The good side. Whereas to now, like, I'm like, listen to yourselves. You don't like rich people. Right. You're mad at everyone Wealthy. You're mad at the super wealthy. You hate Jim Bros. You hate frat guys. You hate straight white guys. You hate boomers. Yeah. You're mad at your grandparents. You're mad. You, you seem to not like a lot of people. Yeah. For Being the most upset, Generalizing, just completely generalizing. Right. Also, where's our empathy? Right. I think what if I ever met like a crazy right wing, which I never have met any of these Nazis they're talking about.


But if I did meet one, I believe that I could have some empathy for them and some sympathy and go, they're just dumb. Yeah. They're not evil Dumb. They're just dumb. They could be, They can be like convinced otherwise They're also, they're also programmed. Right. It's generally they're programmed by the people around them. Yeah. Yeah. But where's our empathy? I watched this documentary on Netflix. It was about like the KKK and the woman who made the documentary was like a kind of a cute Muslim girl. And she like interviewed actual white nationalists and, and KKK members. And she brings 'em into this thing. And what I learned from that documentary, what I got from it was that like, oh, they don't even really believe this. They just wanted a group. They wanted a daddy.


They wanted someone to like, so they, they, they thought to themselves, I can hate black people. I mean, if, if they're over there, I don't ever have to confront one. And I don't ever have to be on, when they, we will meet a black guy. They'll go, well not you we're talking about the idea. They're not even talking about that actual person. And the girl in the documentary goes, well, You know that you let me in and you've been very nice to me and I'm a Muslim woman. And the guy's like, well, not you we're talking about one. Yeah. So it's because they just wanted a group like you. Right. They just wanted a group like, like black gang members or Hispanic MS 19, whatever these groups are, whatever your little lesbian group is, whatever your baseball team is On the bowling League. They've needed a group. They Needed a group. And their group was like, I can hate some people I've never seen before.


Yeah. And that's why it's so dangerous. Like groups, like where, where they can get entrapped because the, the Governor Whitmer case, do You know that case these guys conspired to to kidnap the governor of Michigan. Michigan, yeah. Yeah. And there's 14 people involved. 12 of them were FBI informants. Oh yeah. I mean, so He got these two dudes that just wanted to be in a group. Yeah. That's it. Two guys. Hey man, we're gonna kidnap him. We take over the government. Fuck it. That's hilarious. Yeah. Yeah. They just wanted some shit. Yeah. Red rider. I'm in, I'm In what time? I Probably had a name for their gang.


Oh, they were cool. They calling, they had a group chat. Probably felt real cool. Yeah. Chat doing the gang. We're we're gonna make some change. Yeah. We're getting a duct tape. Vigilantes. Yeah. Meanwhile, these two guys thought they were cosplaying and then they got arrested. Like, I didn't know. I didn't really plan on doing it. I know. It wasn't even my idea. It's tricky. Another problem I've noticed too, like along these lines is like, let's say we're in a group. Let's say we have some group and then we find out one of the guys in our group did a bad thing, but we got, we gotta pay our bills. Right? We got a group. And also we do, we do have kind of comradery. So a bad thing groups like to do is cover up for that person. Right. So like, it's not like every Catholic priest, I've heard all your terrible bits at the comedy clubs about the Catholic priests from every comic.


I know. It's not like all the ones were fine with sexually molesting children. It's just that there were a lot that did. And the church thought, this is not gonna look good for us. Let's cover this up. It happens in the military. Sometimes there's some bad guys in the military and they, instead of like, they, they don't want people to think if you send your daughters to the military, bad things are gonna happen. So they kind of internally deal with it. You know? And that's a bad thing that groups do is that even in our own government goes, all right, let's find a way to cover that up. Right. Instead of dealing with this. Because if we just deal with it, it's gonna reflect poorly on the group. What are We gonna do with this Epstein client list? Okay. Yeah. What's on? Is it really helping the world? It's a big deal. Does Mr. Gates need this kind of attention?


Exactly. He's out there trying to cure polio. Leave him alone. Exactly. So you start to think, let's protect the group. Right. And we do it in all these ways. I think that that's happened with the LGBTQ plus whatever. I think a lot of gay people are waking up and going, why did we let the trans people in this group, they're making us look terrible. Well, lesbians are having a real problem with it. Oh. 'cause there's a lot of trans men who identify as lesbian. Yes. Are trans women. Yeah. They say they're a lesbian and they get on lesbian apps. And these girls are like, I'm looking for a vagina. A hundred percent. What a dick. A fucking, and now they're waking up going, eh, maybe this, maybe the trans struggle was different than the gay struggle, but we've let 'em in the group. And now Well, a lot of gay guys think that the movement is homophobic because you're telling a young gay guy now you're a woman.


You're actually a woman. Just crazy. Well, it's one of those things that you gotta say some people, it must be true because it's always been a thing like to, to have real gender dysphoria, to be in your mind, feel like a woman has always been a thing. Even if you're a guy, there's more effeminate women that feel like women. So it's like, that's real. But also when you encourage that and you reward people socially for that, and then you have pride day at kindergarten and you're, you're talking about like sexual orientation. I'm telling you people that are nowhere near puberty, which is really crazy. And then you start like having people that become trans all of a sudden they're amazing.


Yeah. Where they were just really mediocre before, like Bruce Jenner, like he was the goof of the Kardashian show. First of all, it makes no sense. No one's accomplished. Shit. This motherfucker was on the cover of Weed. A Star. He was a star. He was a fucking gold medalist. Yeah. In the decathlon, in the goddamn Olympics. Yeah. He was a national hero. Stud. Yeah. He was a stud. Yeah. And meanwhile, he's on this show with these influencers and he's just getting nothing. Right. He's just mocked. He's like, I could be a pretty Gal. Just openly mocked. He becomes a woman. He's woman of the year in six months, immediately in six months, he took over the fucking game. He's a, he's a winner. He's Like a Chinese autistic kid coming into your math class and fucking up the curve.


How did they get here? Like, Hey, hey, what's going on here? This Guy's a j he's got a 287 iq. This is not fair. Cheating. Yeah. He just came in and took over. He's superwoman. He's, everyone loved him until he started saying he was voting for Trump. Yeah. Now they hate him. Which was Hilarious. Like people were saying, it's okay to misgender her. This person call him Kaitlyn. Call her Kaitlyn. Yeah. Whatever. Doesn't seem to care. Right. Like, is fine with you, deadnaming her, whatever. Like this is who she is now. Right. She's comfortable in her own skin. 60 years old outta the closet, the whole deal. Yay. But people are, I saw this thing online where someone was saying, it's okay to misgender Kaitlyn Jenner because she voted for Trump.


So, okay, so transphobia is okay if someone differs with you politically. It's crazy. Like, what are you Doing? I know You're not Being compassionate. You're not being kind. All these things that you said is only with total compliance. Are you willing to give people this grace? You must have total compliance to our ideology or you're cast out of the kingdom. It's A leverage of power. Even If you're a trans woman, which is like at that top of the oppression list, they're above regular cannibal, Poor black People, poor Mexicans, like poor immigrants, trans peoples, the Top of mountain. Yeah. They're attacking their own. They're like literally like cannibals just going like, all you have to this one. But what didn't fall in line, didn't fall in line. They throw 'em out. Yeah. It's, it's the worst. I also think it's like just a big overcorrection.


I think, I think humans are like guilty of always overcorrecting. So it's like, yes, we were racist. Yes. Historically. I, I could go on about that for hours. But like, let's say that's the idea that we're agreeing with that historically America was racist. So now the overcorrection is anything that is racist must be, don't ever even accuse a person of color of something wrong because Right. Because we have to so overcorrect and we have to say how many black friends we have and say how cool black things are. And don't say that their hair is different. 'cause that, that, that would be a racist thing. Right. Or, oh, we used to be homophobic. So now if a guy sucks a dick, let's give him a parade. Let, let's, Let's, yeah. Let's put him in the White House. Let's, Let's celebrate.


Hell. Exactly. Let's give him in charge of, it's like the fucking guy in the dress who's in charge of nuclear energy. Just let him suck dick. It wasn stealing women's clothes. Yeah. Just let 'em suck Dick. We didn't need him to be in Power. The person's not exceptional just 'cause they wear a dress. Right. That's crazy. That's a nutty person. You're Not virtuous. Exactly. And that's, and like, I think that there's a big difference between just letting someone live their life and not, and being kind to them in society and not treating them different. I mean, giving 'em all the same rights as opposed to celebrating it. I think you're absolutely right. It's just an extreme overcorrection. Yeah. What we need to do is just let people be themselves. Right. And figure out who that is. But what, what is weird is when it becomes encouraged. And so then you get, like with girls in particular, it's, they're very vulnerable.


Abigail Schreyer wrote a book about this, but how many girls that are on the spectrum get convinced that they're trans? Yeah. And then the problem is, there's some states that allow you, I think if you're 15, you can go and get puberty blockers. Or at the very least you can get testosterone. I know you can do that. Do You know that like Planned Parenthood is like the number one prescriber of testosterone? See if that's true, but I think Planned Parenthood prescribed more testosterone than anybody, which is really crazy. If that's true, That's Wild. Because I think in some places they help people with gender transition. So, and if you're a girl in some states, you don't even even have to be an adult. You can go to them and you don't have to permission of your parents. Right. And if you, I don't know who you have to consult with or what you have to do, but I've heard it's alarmingly easy.


Yeah. And then now you're on testosterone. And one of the things that testosterone does is it alleviates anxiety. It makes you feel stronger. You feel like more alert and more alive. Like this, this is what I was missing. Right. I was missing testosterone. Like no, you weren't. I know. No, you weren't. That's not a natural part of your body. You just added something and now you feel way different. But now you're gonna change your voice. And if you grow out of this, and if this is just a phase, well now you've fucked up your life and you can't ever have children. Right. It's a big deal. And there's a bunch of those ladies out there. It's a big deal. The detransition, they're stuck with deep voices for their whole lives. They're stuck with masculine features. They've cut their breasts off. And I got in trouble for posting done before they're adults.


I got in trouble for posting this. Is that true about Planned Parenthood? I am. Hold On. I don't wanna get sued. I Have you been sued? No. Anybody ever sued? I Did read it in a, I see One article, but I don't know if this is a legit Site. What does it say? Oh, it says that, but I'm trying to find out. I don't know what the, it's the Dallas Express. It doesn't seem like That's the number one newspaper on the universe. It's gotta be Dallas Express. Everyone's reading Dallas Express planned pair among largest suppliers of testosterone. Right there in the Headline. Let's, let's see what the numbers are. Do they say numbers? I didn't Even get 800 visits per year to more than 2,500. That whole Fucking ex, the expression gender affirming care freaks me out. Man. I got in trouble for posting this. I said, if genitals don't define gender, how does removing them affirm it?


Ooh, That's fucking touche. So that's touche right There. So what are we doing? Like if, yeah, it's really crazy. You said like, I don't need to have a vagina to be a woman. Then why do I need to remove my penis to be a woman? Whoa, back That up again. The number of gender affirming hormone therapy visits to Planned Parenthood tripled between 2021 and 2023 growing from 800 visits per year to more than 2,500. That's crazy. That shows you that it's a social contagion and that's Abigail Schreyer position on it. And it's a very compassionate, kind, kind position. Sure. And it's about the future of children and them making decisions when they're very impressionable.


And boy, do people attack her? They removed from bookstores. They called her transphobic just for literally talking about facts and statistics and the numbers of increased and the psychological effect. Like what's going on with them psychologically. Like why are they being led? Who are these, what is the what, what is the actual odds that nine friends all become trans? What are the odds that it's almost zero? It's preposterous. It's it's Preposterous. Absolutely. Yeah. It's, It's, but then again, it is also a, a real thing. Like there's always been people that have felt like they should have been a woman. And if you are a grown adult and you wanna make that decision Yeah. You do whatever you wanna do. Yeah. I've met trans people that say they are very happy with what they've done.


Yeah, that's great. I guess. But, But you gotta know what the fuck that is. And when you're 13, you Don't. Yeah. I don't know if I'd encourage it. Even in an adult. I know that the correct statement for me right now would be like, just leave our codes alone. But I think that maybe I don't even want to encourage adults. I we just gotta pursue your own things. And I think that's beautiful and I think that's what our country's about. But in my mind, find A dude who doesn't care about the dick. Yeah, exactly. Find if you're a trans woman, find a dude who actually find Jim Norton. Oh Yeah, exactly. You can find Jim Norton. You could have got A celebrity. Yeah. I mean that's what happened with Jim. Yeah. He's got a trans woman for a wife. Yeah. He's happy. He talks about the dick. You Know what's crazy with Dick? He's about the Jim Norton thing. Is that like, You know, he's with these tough crowd guys. He's with all my heroes. I looked up to Jim Norton my whole life.


I love Jim Norton, I'm a fan. And then they go, You know, he is married to a trans woman. And I was like, the fuck. And, and, You know, and everyone's like, oh, you Jeff and your trans thing. I was like, no. If I know Jim Norton, he wouldn't have got married. That's really what I was shocked about. The, the institution of marriage he believes in. That's ridiculous. Is Jim Norton? That's the overcorrection. Yeah. You wanna show, this is really your wife marry her. Right. Whereas all the girlfriends, all the girls with, they're a little stinky vaginas. Get outta here. Get outta You ain't getting married. I'm telling anyone Of them. You can't take my last name Fuck off. Exactly. I'm waiting for a dick. Yeah. It's very crazy, man. But That's the overcorrection, You know? But You wouldn't encourage someone, and I know that I'm gonna take some hits for this, but you wouldn't encourage someone who believed that they, that their body was fat if it wasn't healthily, You know, like with an eating disorder.


And they said Joe, but, but I, I think er Carlson said that you don, you don't say, oh, you are fat. Yeah. Joe, you Oh, you Joe. But I believe I should be. And you go, you're dying dude. Right. Or it's no, he, what he said it about was anorexics. Like you would never tell, tell an anorexic. Right. Oh, You are fat and that's real. Right. Right. People are really out there believing. Right. They look in the mirror and they're a skeleton. Right. But they look in the mirror and they go, I'm gross, I'm fat. Exactly. You, you wouldn't encourage it. You would never Encourage that. You would. No. There's something wrong. Yeah. Correct. You would treat it. I think the other problem is that the whole way they do it, you can't orgasm ever again. Okay. And you don't really have a vagina. You have this hole. Right. And then you have to keep that hole dilated. You have to stick something inside it. I think it's like lip jobs. Like don't get the early ones.


Right. Wait till they get this down. Don't let people experiment on you by splicing your dick open like a hot dog. Wait, Yeah. Just hang in There. Wait for the iPod. Six. Wait for gene therapy For, yeah. Because I firmly believe it might not be an our lifetime, but if maybe in our children or our grandchildren's lifetime, gene editing will get to a place where they will be able to turn you into whatever the fuck you want. Right. And it's probably gonna be a nightmare because every guy's gonna look like Thor and every woman's gonna look like a prime. Jennifer Lopez. It's like there's not gonna be any variations. Everyone's gonna be super hot. Right. Right. There's you're not gonna appreciate hot people. Yeah, you will. Big whoop. Yeah. Because like, You know, when you, when a hot woman walks in a room and there's no other hot women, everybody's like, that's The best.


Whoa one's here. Look what I got. Look what's, look, look at Her. Oh my goodness. What does she look like naked? Right. But if everybody looks like that, it's gonna be commonplace. Yeah. And I think we're gonna get to a place where every man's gonna look like the Hulk. Yeah. It's just gonna be just giant dudes. Nerds will For sure. A Hundred percent. They're gonna be the first to sign up for that. You know What's interesting? All these fucking dudes that go to the coffee shop and sit there with their legs cross like this and no working out. I can't even do. And they're fucking, their shoulders slump. They're gonna look like the rock. That's so funny. Just fucking raw. They're All gonna be beasts. Dude, You know what's interesting about the like comic book world? All the guys who, like, they read comics and it's Thor, right?


Yeah. They got shoulders like you and biceps like you. He's Spiderman throwing Hulk, the Hulk, all these dudes that are just fantastic, fantastic heroes that can give us justice and beat your enemies Batman. But then if they see you at the coffee shop, we go Look at this douche bag. You go, what? I look like your comic books. Like if Joe Rogan walked in, they should be going, holy shit. How does he look like that? I wanna look like that. But Isn't it also weird that it's like the Feebles men Oh yeah. That really Love The super powerful men in these fantasy. Yeah. But but not real life. But they don't wanna just work out to look like them. They, because that's too hard, Jeff. But just do it. Be like your heroes. I go in there and they pick on me. Yeah, exactly. That's true too. They look at me weird.


Yeah. That's Part of it. It's so hard if you're like scrawny and you go to a gym for the first time, it's so disheartening. It's tough. And it, It's all these girls with those fucking yoga pants on that. You might as well be a pile of shit to them. Well there's all these big jack guys doing squa. That's motivation baby. You spot Me. You It's Like It. Yeah. I You're sitting there with your little fucking 10 pound dumbbells. My arms. Yeah. And it takes So long. Get guys Strong guys, you were slamming weights. You guys love to slam weights So long to get strong. It takes forever. So many wraps. Oh, you gotta keep doing it. Or you shrink. Yeah. Yeah. Gotta come back tomorrow.


Yeah. They go, oh, I gotta do this again tomorrow. It's So hard that most people just wanna dismiss it. But It's fun. If you could do it in a pill, you would All, I always, I always tell to anybody can, if I could give you a pill and that pill would give you more energy throughout the day, you could pick up anything. You carry things around. You never have to worry about yourself physically. Yeah. You, you're stronger than most people you meet. You know how to fight. Wouldn't wouldn't you take that pill? Yeah. Well you can do that pill stupid. It's called hard work. Absolutely. That's all it is. That's so true. Yeah. That's all It is hard. And it'll change everything for you. Work hard. It'll change everything for you. You know how it's boring to take all those vitamins? Take the vitamins. You fucking retard. But Joe, just open up the cabinet. We Don't know him. I've gotta work at Chipotle. Sure. You've got enough protein and enough fat.


Your fucking car's a race car that you buy. Joel. I don't have this free time. I have a family And I, everybody has free time. You just choose to do it with other things. You choose to sit there with your fucking phone out. Yep. Scrolling through it's and checking your likes and arguing with people on Twitter. Yeah. That's how I feel Like It. You got plenty of time to so much time. Go to McDonald's. You got time to, there's, so David Goggins has that great quote where he is like, he says he, this guy said to me, oh, the gym membership's two up. He goes, you got a motherfucking floor where you live. You got a ground where where you're at. Didn't work out motherfucker. And I love that kind of mentality of like, you could do, you could do a whole workout right there. All You need is a chin up bar. That's the only, and you don't even need that. You can get those things that hang on your door.


You don't even have to get like a permanent dip. Pushups. They have good chin up bars now that like attach to your door frame and they're solid and they hold you in place. You screw 'em in. They're, they're legit. And all you need is that And pushups, body weight, squats, situps. There's a bunch of different yoga Exercises. You could do rock outside. Oh you can pick up a rock free rock. Oh yeah. It's not a cool kettlebell with a monkey hat on it, but You know you can rocks. Rocks are heavy. Rocks are awkward too. Tree Branch, I I know sandbags. 7,000 parks by my house that have a bar that you wouldn't have to buy on Amazon. You could just go hang from it. Oh, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Those are always good. Yeah. Monkey bars. Those are great. That'll do it. That's the number one way kids break their fucking arms, too. Oh, really? Yeah. My daughter broke her arm on a monkey bar. I broke my arm in a monkey bar.


Really? At school? Like she broke at a At school. Yeah. I was like at School. A punk at school. And at the, that school I was like, boy, that monkey bar is really high off the ground. Like, these fucking kids Are seven. Like, this is crazy. I like that though. It's, and She's a little reckless Ninja warrior around there. Yeah. Well, that's what it is. All these kids are just trying to have fun, but they don't understand their limitations yet. That's why it's dangerous to have 'em in a environment like that because they've, You know, but that's how you learn. Like when we were kids, they had those domes. Oh Yeah. And you'd climb inside. Kids were perfect Triangles, concussions, there's foot in it, but they fall this way. So just Knees rip apart those fucking Things. What's the dome one? We had a, we had an actual, like circular one. It wasn little triangles. Yeah. We had one of those too.


And there was, But there was one, it wasn Like, it was like a half a circle, right? Oh, it was like a dome and with all these monkey bars inside of it and shit. And Oh, that's, Yeah. Like, that's the one I had. That's Yeah, we had that. Yeah. And there would always be like one bar missing sometimes. Like on the thing. You'd be like, what happened here? Hedges and fucking screws sticking out of it. Yeah. But kids always bang their head. I bang my head a hundred times on those fucking things. It also forces creativity too. 'cause you're like, You know, there's no iPad there. There's no like video, there's no candy crush. So you had to be like, all right, this is our igloo that we're gonna protect. Or this is, I don't Know. I wonder if that's good. Everybody wants to like, look back to the days when everyone was bored and say, and like romantically. Yeah. When you make your own fun.


I'm like, eh, I think if I had a video game Yeah. It would've been way more fun. Well, we had both, I had the nineties, so we had both. Didn't, like when I was a kid, we would play video games all night, but during the day, there was something fun about wrestling, You know, like the human part of Interac. Oh. So, so we really were making up things with guns and just like shooting each other and Say the best of Both worlds. Yeah. We kind of both. But it wasn before online media or online Social media. Yeah. We weren't online playing video games either. It's just me versus my buddy. I think the social media thing is the craziest part of it. I think kids are just, first of all, they're weirdly connected. 'cause they all get on Snapchat and then they have a snap map so they know where all their friends are at any given time. Yeah. And, and so they're, they're constantly like, paying attention to that.


Yeah. And, and finding each other. And they go in groups and they go to this party and, oh, they're at this party. Let's go to that party. See 'em on the Maps. Yeah. They're adults. You just described adults. Those aren't even kids anymore. They're Little kids that are like traveling around with their friends with phones and they only talk through text messages. Yeah. That's adults. Yeah. But which sucks. Fucking weird. It sucks A weird new life. They still do. Like kids today, they still do physical things. They just still do sports, You know. But when we were kids, the thing about not having any other influences, especially like social media influences, you didn't really aspire to be exactly like other people.


You know? It's like, there was people, there was groups of people that, You know, you gravitated towards being a jock. You gravitated towards being an artist. You, but you didn't try to like completely copy whatever trend is going on. Right. Nowadays kids are, they leave their fucking stupid label and their, their Nikes like, what is that? Oh yeah. What is that? Where it's supposed to be cool to keep your fucking label on your ni They're all Doing it. Yeah. The tag is like, look, it's a limited edition. It's like, it's not, I made David, they made a bunch of cut it off. Oh, that's hilarious. I pulled a knife out. I go cut that off. Oh my God. I go, oh, are you a sheep? Are you a little sheep? You got a fucking didn't on your Nikes. And He did. He cut it off. You're right. I go, I'm right.


I love that. The fuck. I'm right. Yeah. I love that. Who cares if everyone knows There's so stupid White label or whatever. It's, what is it called? It's called an offwhite. Yeah. It means that it has that red tag on it. Yeah. Stupid. That fucking Nice. Smart, Smart. I love You. Did that. Cut it off right in the green room. Cut It off. That's a daddy moment for him. I give him a knife. You give, you just said, Hey, I'm dad here. You need to, this is Nonsense. You are not doing this. I love that. You're not gonna have a propeller on your hat. Keep a Sticker on your on the thing. Take that propeller off it off your Fucking hat. Take off. It's grow up. Yeah. Yeah. You don't have to have that label. When I was a kid, dudes would have labels on their hats. I hate That. They'd buy new hats and they leave. Leave the tag. Or the sticker on the bill is one of my biggest pet peeves.


The sticker on the bill is stupid. Take that sticker off. Take the sticker off. Why do you have that shiny, stupid Sticker? It makes no sense to me. That's Dumb. Yeah. I, I think that one thing that I do look backwards and, and, and think about, and this is a mushroom thought for sure. This came to me, You know, whereas like I would say my mom would go, why do you need these expensive shoes for school? And I didn't have the intelligence at the time to explain it to her now. But now I look back and I go, I, I wish I would've said, mom, my whole social structure is based on this because I don't have the internet, which would later come out. I don't have these things when, at least in the nineties and the, in the late eighties when I was growing up, Amber Schumaker was the hottest girl at our school, which meant Amber Shoemaker's the hottest woman in our universe.


I didn't go online and go, well, Amber's not, I didn't have anyone else. That's the hottest girl. Right. Do You know what I'm saying? The coolest guy in our school, Anthony Medina, was the coolest guy in the world. 'cause that's our world. Right? Right. Whereas kids now could go, who gives a shit about Anthony Medina? Right. Well, I'm following LeBron and I'm so, like, we had our own little realities. Mm. You know, so it's like, I didn't give a shit about the, the bulls necessarily. But if Mike Jensen from my school said, the bulls are cool, I like the bulls. Right. I didn't have anywhere to escape to. I need to do what I can. And I think even before me was probably even better than that. I think like when cowboys roamed to the earth, that might've been number one. No, No, No, no. You don't think so? No. No. Because here's why and hear me out that cat.


Let's say we're cowboys. We're on the ridge line. Cowboys Like it, Like it And it sun's going down. Cowboy. Yeah. Sun's going down kind of a house. Kind with a house or they're kind. Yeah. No, no. But we're the real one. We have a house, but we're now on the ridge line with our horses. Oh, we're on the road. Few days. Yeah, yeah, yeah. On the trail and say, Hey buddy, let's the sun's going down. Let's make a fire. Okay. All right. But we gotta brush the horses. We gotta do our shoot. Right, right, right, right, right. We're eating our can. We see all these twinkling lights out there and we go, we got a picture of our lady in our wallet. Like, oh man, I can't wait to get home to her. You know, say some dirty things about her. And then I would eat my beans and then I'd say, I wonder what everyone's doing out there. I would just wonder. Yeah. That is a really cute version of what it meant like to be a cowboy. Here's what it really was like.


You would stay up and I would sleep because we don't want anybody raping and killing us in the middle of the night. 'cause the Indians have been following us for miles. That's true. And we don't know. They've been following us and we're too stupid. That would Be reversed, by the way. Stupid. You'd stay up. We're Too stupid to cold camp. Okay. So we started a fire, which makes you really easy to spot. And they just wait until that fire starts getting dim and they hear snoring and they come in and they cut you up and they fuck you. And they do whatever they want. No, you're Kill supposed to stay awake and Well, I mean, Slaughter them. We, It's only two of us. That's true. It was like seven or eight of them. And You know, back in the musket days, yeah. There was a lot of reloading time Because it fucking for I'll get one of them. Yeah. Yeah. That's why the Comanches dominated this area.


Oh. Because they, they were using single shot guns. But You know that race, they were just sitting here Peacefully. The comanches. They would not, the comanches had multiple arrows on their fingers, so they'd keep like four or five arrows and they would shoot one and they would shoot another one. So sick and shoot another one. They were just fucking these dudes up. I bet it the only thing that saved this entire state, the only reason why people were able to conquer was the Colt pistol. Right. When they figured out how to make a pistol with like a chamber. It was Colt, right? Wasn't it? I think So. I think it was Colt. So they, they developed the, the, they the believe this or not, at the time, the military didn't want Really, they're like, what are we doing with these six shots? We got one shot really good enough. Yeah. I Didn't know that.


See, I couldn't sell 'em. That's ridiculous. He Sold 'em to the Texas Rangers. Oh, that's amazing. Jack Smith, that guy who's out in the hallway, that photograph. Yeah. That's why he's there. That's, that's the original Texas Rangers. It wasn. Why wouldn't they want more bullets quicker accessibly. Like that's Because it's the government. They're always, they've always Been retarded. Yeah. That's ridiculous. They were even retarded in the 18 hundreds. More bullets. So this was a, a novel invention. Yeah. This guy figured out a revolver And it was like a, you had to take the cylinder out and put a new cylinder in, but every time he did it you got five or six. Was it six shots? Or five? So it was the first time ever you could fire multiple times. They just start fucking up these Indians. Yeah. They Start taking over it wasn protection. Yeah. For sure. That's great. But it's these guys that like, they dressed like Indians. They fucking infiltrated. They cold camped.


They would go deep, deep, deep into like uncharted territories. Those were probably just bad guys pretending to be Indians to make the Indians look bad. Oh no, No, no. They, they were bad guys. Just kidding. But they were bad guys to go after the Indians. Yeah. They were bad guys. No, But what I was saying, But so were the fucking Indians. Oh, for sure. They were bad to each other. Exactly. They were also, that's why I always get so mad about the debate, about like, well you came here like white people came here and did bad. It's like, dude, you think that they weren't all fighting for land here. They were all Fighting. They weren were just fighting. They, they didn't ever, ever, ever surrender. Yeah. There was lots of Tribes. 'cause if they got, if they surrendered, they were tortured and murdered. Like the Comanches used to chop dude's arms off and legs off and then throw them while they're still alive on a roaring fire.


That's crazy. And watch 'em squirm around. Yeah. They, it was fun. They were having a good time. I meant mentally earlier from my early analogy of the cute cowboy stuff. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. What I was saying is it wasn never mentally we didn't compare. It was dangerous to, You know, I believe it was terrify Terrifying. All that home on the range shit is straight up more shit. What I mean is they didn't compare. Oh right. Because they were, they were, you hear That sound, you had too many real things. Someone's raping an Indian lady. Right. You hear that. You fucking, you hear gunshots and the children screaming. You wouldn't think, oh, so what that Jeff dies with me is so what? That he's funny. He's no Dave Chappelle you, you didn't compare.


But they did like Billy the kid. Like people became famous. Right. They became ous. These people that everybody wanted to be like Billy the kid. Well It wasn one guy that we tried to be like right now, I'd go big deal Billy the kid. There's a guy in Japan that can shoot 70. Like the phone makes you have 7 million. That's true. You don't even appreciate your wife learning guitar. 'cause you go, she's no Bob Dylan. You know, who gives a shit? So that's what I was trying to say. That's Like really shitty husband. That's that guy's A, that guy's mean, but he that Clap that. What the fuck? She just started Billy, Give her a break dude. Yeah. I think, but I meant mentally we didn't compare. I think we are not designed for it. But I think kids will be, I think the human mind is going to adapt to technology and interacting with each other.


And I think socially people are adapting to interacting with each other. You know, like the way kids like go after each other online. Like they're adapted to it. They're, nor it's normalized to them. Just like, You know, if you live in a war torn part of the world, seeing dead peoples, it normalizes to you. Sure. And I think kids are normalizing to electronics and people want to resist that. And they wanna say, I don't let my kids use electronics. I'm like, it's a part of the world. I use it. It is a part of the world. Does it? It's not a, a barrier to being a good person. It's not a barrier to living a, a happy, healthy life. Yeah. Just like alcohol's not a barrier, but for some people it is. Right. Some people have a real fucking problem with social media and you see it, a lot of comics, especially the unsuccessful ones, when they, they start falling apart when they get older.


It just exacerbates their mental illness. Yeah. And then it becomes all politics. Yeah. Because these guys used to talk about farts and getting their dick sucked. Now it's all politics. Politics. And it's all like life hangs on every decision. Yeah. And we're doomed if this takes place. Doom. You know what a comedian dude does? That is Kathy Griffin. That guy does a lot's not dude. Oh. You know what I mean? Dude, you just misgendered that guy's on unhinged. You go on there. It's all day. Just some doom and gloom. What Do you think? Do you think that that's because like that's how they find meaning in an otherwise meaningless existence. Like what is it about it? People where their entire life becomes completely wrapped around politics to the point where they're tweeting about it literally all day long.


I know. And saying these things that they think are profound about all kinds of different issues. I think it's gotta be some sort of virtue signaling. Like it's their way to go look at how good I am. It's Also a way to show that you're relevant. You know, you're talking about the things that people care about right now and you're chiming in and saying the things that need to be said. Yeah. You're being heard. Yeah. You know, there's a lot of like weird, there's a lot of just they want attention. There's a narcissism to to a lot of it. But then there's also people that are capable of going online and having interesting discussions with people they don't know. And if you can manage that, you can actually get a lot out of like Twitter and X and all these different ways. A hundred percent.


You can get a lot out of it. You can get a lot. But it's so hard to do. I know. Because it's like, so it's such an, it's like you're, you're deciphering smoke signals. It's like the person's not even in front of you. Yeah. You know, like you're getting these weird interactions with people. There's a lot of like, like what does this guy mean by that? Right. Is he being shitty? Is he just being honest? Like what is this? Yeah, it's, they're very tough to, to to translate their, it's A sucky way to Communicate. What are they doing? Like, like what is the, were they trying to be funny right there? Yeah. Were they trying? Yeah. It's very tricky. Well I'm very lucky and then I get to talk to so many interesting people So I don't need to have as many interesting conversations online with People. Yeah. And also you're a comedian. My favorite thing about being a comedian is I get heard a lot.


Yeah. We get to be heard. That helps. Even when I'm wrong I get to be heard. So like, is I you Can be wrong and still funny. Yeah. That's the beauty of it. Yeah. It wasn Patrice's whole act. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. I'm often sometimes wrong and it's just so funny. They go, hell yeah. Like I like this guy. It it's funny. And also this part of being wrong on purpose. Like I say things that I know is wrong on purpose. 'cause it's funny. It's funny To say go. You're going for the laugh. Yeah. First I'm just trying to be silly. Yeah. I'm trying to be silly. That's what I like. That's the kind of comedy I like. Right. So I'm gonna do that and you can Like it or you don't Like It. But A hundred percent What infuriates me is when people try to take jokes or talking shit and just conflate it and pretend that it's a statement.


I know. Like You, it drives me crazy. Do not have any friends I Know. Do Not have any friends. You Don't joke. Yeah, exactly. That you don. You know why comic wanna go to the right is 'cause freedom of speech is a pretty big deal to us. Yeah. Naturally it's a pretty big deal that we can say whatever we want. Because here's the thing, racism is bad. Yeah. But it is kind of funny sometimes It's, it's very funny. Sexism is Bad White People. But it's pretty funny sometimes. Sometimes. Yeah. If it's well, well-made. It's funny if it's funny enough A good Meme, A solid Meme, great. Love it. Yeah, exactly. Things Are Funny and people go, well that's racist. You go Well and it's racial and it's funny. But don't just assume that it's this blanketly bad thing. Yeah. It's such a silly, like It's funny no matter who gets it.


Right. It's funny if white guys get it, it's front of funny of white women Get it. Right. It's funny if Indian guys get it. Yeah. Things are funny when people get it, when they get them jokes. It's funny. And they don't care about the racial stuff when it's, when it's like a comic of any other race doing it. Right. Of course. You know like if you're gonna use that same measuring stick, go to the laugh factor, you could cancel all 12 comedians that are on stage making easy racial remarks. But they're like, but he's Persian. I know, but it's still a racial Yeah. Remark. You know, Especially if you're cracking on white people. You could crack on white people as hard as you want right now. It's great. Which is so vague too. I don't know if this is a smart idea or not, but it's something I always think is like, it's so vague, these shitty comics like Harry Kanda Blu or like white people.


White people. What white people? Which ones French Canadian? Do Jews count Croatian. What a great lump. You've done all white. You know how many countries that covers And then you go, well that's why we're saying it. 'cause we don't mean a specific country. We're talking about a but then, so then that's racist. You go, well white's not a race. It's just a, it's a color of Well then how come black is is is a race. Because black would be Haiti, it would be tons of parts of Africa. You know. So I guess my point is like then, then it's not racist when I say black, if it's not racist when you say white 'cause you're over glomming a big thing. Yeah. It, no, it's ridiculous.


Also, how much do white people vary? There's so many white people. They Vary so much. It's so vague To just say white men like, oh God. Oh you must be rich 'cause you're white. You're like, do You know how any poor white people there are Go to Kentucky? Most of them are poor. Okay. Yeah. Go to where the fucking coal mines are. Right. Those coal mining communities where people who just been popping pills. Yeah. Since the eighties. Meth. Yeah. Never heard of white. Trash. Trash. Like we dominate the poor community. Have you Ever seen the wild and wonderful whites of West Virginia? Yeah. Dude. Jessica White fucking amazing. Those dancing Skills. Amazing. Didn't Johnny Knoxville produce that? I, that's how I saw it was. Yeah. I dunno if it was Johnny Knoxville, but Jack Hole Productions or whatever it was. Yeah. I think Knoxville made that. It's fucking incredible.


Amazing. But That's white people too. Yeah. Okay. These poor white people are, they're just a victims of their environment man. They're teaching college kids that like if you're a straight white guy, they just hand you suitcases full of money and that you have no troubles and the cops don't target you. It's like cops. Did You see what Trump said today? I'll, I'll send this to you Jamie. 'cause this is wild. This is a wild move. I'll send this to you Jamie. It is what he said about colleges. Oh I love it. And DEI endowments. I love it. Oh, I'll send this to you Jamie College at university. He's doing so much crazy shit because he only has one term. You know like all the different things that he said so far about completely banning all of these gender transition clinics for kids.


Yeah. It's kids. Great hormone therapies for kids. It's great Puberty blockers for kids. Like stop that and You know, and he even called them out for the expression gender affirming care. Yeah. That's a crazy like a, A literal dystopian euphemism. Right. For What you're doing. And he said Marxists multiple times. Yeah. And people are gonna go, they're not Marxists. Do You know BLM self-proclaimed themselves as Marxists? Yeah. So you can find hundreds of times where they say we are Marxists. Yeah. So before anybody comments? Well they're not really, they've called themselves founders. The Marxists. Yeah. Yes. I think a lot of people like blanketly support that just Because it seems like a smart idea.


Yeah. Black Lives matter. Of course they do. Yeah. There's cops have killed people. We've seen it. Okay. Yeah. It's definitely good to support that. Sure. But then you find out all the other stuff behind it and then you find out that the people that were running it were fucking buying real estate. Yes. Do a little homework. Buy millions all your money to trans people. They didn't help the black community at All. It's not only gonna tax but confiscate endowments of every university. The Department of Justice fines has engaged in illegal discrimination under the guise of equity, which is basically every university in the country. But is especially true with the Ivy League. Which is if this happens will die, they will crush. Okay. But this is, You know, who suffers the most from this discrimination?


From discrimination is Asian people. Do You know why? No. Because Asian people score so high and they work so hard they make it more difficult for them. Yeah. To get in, they have to have higher grades and they have to have a higher score. They like, they score them based on like social interactions. Which is crazy. Which if you're studying 18 hours a day, like a lot of these Asian groups, I'm gonna win. Yeah. Well it's their culture. Their culture is this like nose to the grindstone discipline, hard work, discipline culture. I had a buddy of mine and no One in America's mad at them for succeeding. We encourage it. It's Good. I had a buddy of mine it wasn a national TaeKwonDo champion while he was going through his medical residency. He was Korean and his fa, no matter what he did, this guy won the nationals.


He was this the national TaeKwonDo champion. And he wasn't like talented either. It wasn't like he was like hard work. It was a hundred percent hard work. Yeah. And this fucking guy like would work all day long at school and then put his books in his backpack and walk upstairs to get a workout in. I love it. He would just do flights of stairs over and over again while he was at school. 'cause he had to do something and then go back to school one the fucking nationals like that. Yeah. And that's Beautiful. It's this kind of crazy work ethic that some Asian households instill in their children. Yep. And it's tough to compete with them. So what they've done is they've, You know, there's been lawsuits about it. I, I believe Harvard was sued, right. Was Harvard sued that they were discriminating against Asian Americans.


So they have like ways that what they're saying is what the, what they were complaining was that there's ways that they have that like accentuate certain attributes like that lets you get in like think social things that you do, different things that you do that give you extra points that they felt like was designed just to keep less Asian people in. Like It crazy to push some of them out because so many of them were getting in there and dominating. Yeah. Dominating the fucking World. Yeah. But that's great. Yes. Well listen man, if you come From the best of the best, how A hardworking household and you, you develop that work ethic, you can, you might not be happy. That's part of the problem. Super Depress. Yeah. Well I like that they complain about their tiger moms and you're like, dude, they made you successful.


Right. You gotta figure out how to be happy. Right? That's up for you to Do this. Is it the lawsuit? A threat to edu What happened? An organization created by anti-racist conscious admissions activists. Edward Blum citing itself students for fair admissions sued Harvard. Alleging that the university discriminates against Asian Americans and seeking to prevent Harvard College and other colleges and universities from using a wide ranging and thorough admissions process that considers the whole person. Love that. Hmm. Interesting. So this this, that's interesting though because on paper that sounds like a good thing. A wide ranging and thorough admissions process that considers the whole person. Like if you wanna educate a child, right?


You want a kid to go from being a young teenager to being an adult and you're educating them. There is a social aspect to it, right? Like you don't want to develop like complete sociopaths that just go to work. But you can't also, you can't like stop that option. Like there's, people want a quality of outcome. It's a very important point, but there's not a quality of effort. There just isn't. And in the Mad dog race of life, you're occasionally gonna get a Michael Jordan. You're gonna get a guy who works harder than everybody and he's gifted and he's gonna exceed. He's gonna pass you all. And there's nothing you can do about it. Nothing you do about Mike Tyson when he was 22 years old. Get the fuck outta the way's the best.


Pick up tennis. He's gonna kill you. Yeah. He's Gonna kill you. You wanna be number two maybe. Yeah. You wanna be number two. You're eventually gonna get to have fight number one. Yeah. And that's not gonna be a lot of fun. It's Gonna be hurt. The world's not fair. Yeah. Right. And that guy, when you saw the way he trained when he was a young man, he trained like a person possessed. Yep. He lived it. He watched film all day. Yeah. He was obsessed with fighting. That's all he had. And talented and gifted. So if you have those things altogether, the world is not fair. Yeah. And you can't make it fair with laws and you can't make it fair with rules And it doesn't make you any better to suppress someone in some sort of a way. Yeah. By diminishing their success. And that includes someone who's a fucking complete psychopath, who studies 18 hours a day Yes.


And dominates and starts a business when they're 19. Right. And becomes a billionaire by the time they're 26. And then all of a sudden, You know, buys Twitter from Elon Musk. You can't stop that. Ask one of these crazy people who doesn't understand these kind of things or has never even thought of it. Yeah. Say, oh You know, you're watching, I noticed you're watching the WNBA game. Do you think it's unfair that Brittany Griner makes more than her teammates And they'll go, no, she's the best. Right. Right, right, right. That's the thing. Just like El anyone else, Elon Musk. Musk is the best. That's the pest. Yeah. Makes more money. How can you in, how can you understand that Britney Griner makes more than her teammates. But you can't understand that the NBA generates more money and is better, makes more than the WNBA.


Right. How can you in brain? Well what people get scared of is the amount of control and power that you have with that kind of money. And then some people wanna make decisions for all of us. Like Bill Gates, like one of the wackiest ones he's talking about. Yeah. Like blocking the sun, putting particles in the sky to block the sun, to cool the earth. Like hey Fuckhead. Yeah. Maybe there's a whole Lot of people on earth. You don't get to say for all of us, you didn't talk for all of us just 'cause you have a hundred billion dollars. That's crazy talk. Right. That's what people are scared of. I get. Yeah. What People are scared of is that when you really do have ultimate money and ultimate power with most people, there's this desire to control people. It's part of the gig. Yeah. And some of 'em, when they decide they don't wanna go into politics, they start like influencing things behind the scenes.


They lobby, they start donating, they have funds, they have a giant fund and their fund donates to all these different organizations And it Bill Gates's case, it prevented them from criticizing him. Yeah. 'cause the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, they donate all this money to these media corporations and all these companies. Look at all the money we've given you to help global health and whatever the fuck it is. But what it really does is it buys off people from criticizing you a hundred percent. And then you start doing wild shit. Like telling everybody that should eat plant-based food, fucking buy Whatever they want you. Yeah. You start controlling people. Yeah. Just like people like to pull strings on people, the George Soros of the world. It Scares, scares me so much. Get das elected and then put a even more progressive DA to go in after him and see if you can fuck with things by letting people outta jail and defunding the cops.


And it's like they're playing these weird monopoly games. Yeah. With the whole World. You know where you saw the, like a great example was when Barack Obama got into office. Michelle Obama's whole thing was like nutrition, like it wasn what she was gonna like really like work on. And dude, it was almost like after two weeks someone brought her in the back. It was like, listen bitch. Yeah. We hear what you're saying about the food industry. I don't know if You know how much bread we're putting in your husband's pockets. And then she immediately was like, maybe fitness. Maybe your kids could run around 10 minutes a day. How about that? Is that Better? She gave up the food stuff. Gave Up the food stuff. It just was immediate. Sorry, What is that? Jamie Didn't Just have it muted. Just is that the same thing? No, I just, I didn't have it muted. It wasn't supposed to play. Oh sorry. But then it was like all of the, all of it, all the focus went towards, hey, just 10 minutes a day, have your kids go outside and play.


It was all the food stuff gone. Wow. Yeah. And, and you and you realize, oh there are other things. You know, there's like all these other things that are at play. It's Not just other things. It's Money. Billions and billions of dollars. Yeah. When you're that far ahead of the game, You know, if you're playing a game and you cannot, you cannot beat the game. There's no way to beat it. You're on level one. There's a million levels. The people that are been playing it, that you're playing against, they've been playing for 30 years. They have all the armor. Oh Yeah. They got all the magic spells. You're not gonna win that game. Yeah. And that is what people are really scared about with people who have a lot of money, is that they don't just have a boat. They don't just have a house. But then they start influencing what people can and can't do.


Then they start funding studies to talk about particular types of energy. Yeah. Because they've got an enormous amount of money invested in this green renewable energy. Yeah. Or whatever it's, but what it really is, is money. They're not ever doing anything for you. Ever. Whether it's climate change Yeah. Or whatever the, whether it's energy, it's always money. And they'll flavor It. Yeah. With It's for you, it's for us. Right. We have to worry about the environment. We have to worry, didn't Al Gore become the first guy to make a billion dollars off of climate change? I know he is definitely the face of it for a long time. But I, I read that that Al Gore, it could be bullshit, but I read that that Al Gore was the first climate change billionaire.


Interesting. And that and the things that he'd invested in, in that movie that he put out that scared the fuck out. Oh yeah. We're all like, we gotta do something. Yeah. I saw that by The way. Not a single thing. Yeah. Not a single thing was accurate. Not even close. Right. Yeah. Not even Might as well have been made by Michael Moore Because you might as well have just been, Michael Moore is more accurate. He was at least back in the day. Yeah. You watched Roger and me, Michael Moore in the early days made some great films. Well like, I think a lot of it was just bull crap. Well, not the first one. Not Roger. Remember when he like shut, he did a scene where like these kids go into a bank and they buy a gun over the counter from the bank. And I was like, what? Yeah. It was of his gun. One bowling for Columbine or whatever. Oh right. And I remember seeing that scene as like, I worked at Hollywood Video at the time and I was like, this is terrifying.


We gotta get rid of these guns. And then I looked into it years later when the internet kind of grew and I was like, oh, it wasn all total bullshit. It was like a made up Scene. Just made up a scene. Yeah. Which that's why we weren't even allowed at Hollywood video to keep Michael Moore's movies in the documentary section. We weren't even allowed to keep it in that section. Really? Because it's not counted as a documentary. Oh. See it didn't use to be like that. I kind of believe, I gotta be honest, I don't think I watched Bowling for Columbine. I might have. It was so long ago. But I do remember Roger, me being very impactful. 'cause it was about the auto industry moving out of Flint, Michigan. Oh yeah. Yeah. And about how the Towned collapsed. It happens in Pittsburgh. It was just in Pittsburgh. And you see all these abandoned warehouses where Americans used to work. Yeah. And you go, oh, wasn't it better with Chinese slaves making you $300 sneakers? Like It No, it's not better.


It's not better at all. It's not better at all. It's not better for anybody. Yeah. It's crazy what they did. And they just did it for money. They did it for money. Yeah. They shipped over things overseas. 'cause they can get people to work for nothing. Which is so crazy. I know that you, you can't do it here, but you do it there. That's wild. I was talking to this person who ran a plant in Mexico. We were, we were getting a little tipsy and I didn't like what he was saying that they were justifying oh, this, this procedure of doing that. And they were trying to tell me that these people would starve to death if it wasn't for that plant. I go, those people have been there for thousands of years. Yeah. I go and You know why they don't have any money? Probably because we bribed their government.


Right. And we gave them loans they couldn't pay off. And then we took all their resources and then we moved plants over. They're like, and the, The pollution of the plants is like just insane too. They live in fog filled cities. We Can go back to the entire area is run by the cartel because we have drugs illegal in this country. Yep. Unless they're prescribed. Yeah. And then you have the sacrifice. Nobody's worried about that. Slavery. Billion of dollars. Like what About all this? Nobody's worried about that. Slavery. Yeah. All this, everyone wants to talk about slavery that we abolished in this country. Right. Everyone wants to talk about that. Slavery. But not a slavery made this phone. Not The current slavery that made this Yeah. Or my shoes or or all the things you wear. Yeah. Or how about the sex trafficking? How about the women that are slaves right now?


Well, how about the, let's get to work on that. That have probably been smuggled across the border. Yes. We, we don't even know what those numbers are. If I put together enough money, right. I'm not super rich, but I've got some money. If I put together, like my life mission is to fix that, they'd just kill me in a month. Go Ahead. You have no chance. What are you doing dude? Tell jokes and talk about baseball. Why? Why are you trying to help in something that matters? Yeah. Imagine trying to shut down the cartel. Ugh. And you live in a normal House. I'd make it a week. We wouldn't let you go. What happened to Jeff? That's a billion dollar a month business. Right? What the fuck are you talking about? It's why they're not gonna let you get away with that. They're no way Kill you. Yeah. They kill everybody. Why wouldn't they kill you? So you've got all these problems and, and then, You know, shipping things, shipping these factories to these other places, it doesn't keep people from starving to death.


It's just, we were doing an unethical thing. Like you can't do it on this patch of dirt, but if you just move it to that patch of dirt, dirt right now you can do unethical thing Now it's Fine. This Is crazy. What is this? A casino cruise ship. Right. Not only that, like now that we know, so they did that back then when there was no internet, You know, you sneak it across the board. Nobody, I'm still buying. Go look. My car is $5 cheaper. Yeah. Yeah. And you don't care. Yeah. And so everybody, you hear some stories about Michigan If you don't live there, eh, whatever. I'm over here in la. Right. I don't give a fuck. Exactly. I got a nice car. But your car's made New Mexico and it's like we, we don't even realize like what the impact of it wasn. But now that we have the internet, now you can see it. And we still do it. Right. Like we, it's like it's grandfathered in that you buy your phone from a company that uses slaves.


A hundred percent. And, and the factories literally have nets around them to keep people from jumping off. And we're like, okay. And also I'm not pretending I'm better than anyone else. Right. Right. Like I, I promise that. But I don't yammer on, on my social media about slavery all day. Right. I'm aware that I'm in this system or this network. Yeah. It's just so hypocritical. When I hear like LeBron talk about slavery that happened in our country over a hundred years ago while he's dripping in Nike. Do you, how dumb can you be to pretend to care about slavery while you're making what? A billion or something from from Nike over the, Don't you think that if you are a person that is in mainstream world acceptance, whether a sports star or You know, any kind of media personality, there's like certain things you feel obligated to call out and to talk about?


I would think So. I only know some people do how I would behave and I like, I just think there's honest money and then there's dishonest money. And I've never had this stomach for You Mean like the money they paid the people to endorse Kamala Harris? Oh yeah. That's What we're talking about. Pretty dishonest money right there. That's So KP Beyonce, did You know It wasn even legal Fools. Did You know it wasn even legal. I sh it shouldn't be legal. The vogue, the the view keeps yammering about how Elon Musk shouldn't be allowed or You know, I saw a video yesterday about you. Oh the Joe Rogans of the world are influence. Like Oh that's that that feminist guy. Yeah. And like there's, so He trying to say that there's this multi-billion dollar right-wing ecosystem that's been developed just like a terrorist network.


Yeah. That radicalizes young people. Like what? By talking to scientists, by Telling 'em to be good guys. To tell 'em to be honorable to their partner. Radicalize. That's how radical Radicalizes Also, let me ask you on air for this podcast. How much money did Donald Trump give you to endorse him? A hundred million dollars. No he didn't. No, he gave me nothing. He Gave you zero. Gave me nothing. He gave you zero Because you thought, I think that this is what's best for the country. Exactly. Given the two options. I I know I knew the resistance that it would face, but I think how much did Beyonce get? She had $10 million. 10 million. But hold on, she talked for like three minutes. That's good. What do you mean? That's good? I mean that's enough. That's too much.


No, no, it's plenty. It's perfect. 10 million. It's a Good deal. It's a good deal to taxpayers money. I mean it's a good deal. All these people that are like donating money to Democratic Party and they're 20 million And it went say That's a crazy thing. Mutants, they're $20 million. They spent a billion dollars, they're $20 million in debt and Trump offered to pay their debt. He's like, we have a lot of money left over. 'cause most of our media we want to, he called it earned media. I had to look it up. So earned media is essentially whenever he is in the news. Yeah. Or when he is getting interviewed on shows or on podcasts. Yeah. That's earned media and that's what he did. Well I just love people go, why are you getting so passionate about this Jeff? It's like, it's right in front of your eyes. Right? You, you, if you have to pay someone 10 million to endorse A, but then like B is doing it for free.


'cause they believe in that like idea. Which one seems more nefarious, bro? Eminem took 1.8. 1.8. Is that real? How do we know that's true? Because I said it. None of I've read Fuck Is wrong with you. I've found any evidence that supports this stuff, including, I think it's all legit. Some of them being asked instead I was not paid. But Wait a minute. Oprah was paid. There was an FEC thing? No, she her, her company was paid to host an event. Okay. They paid her company a million dollars. Dude, I'm just saying That's right. I don't know what happened in where they hosted it, how people involved. I'm just, she was not paid. Her Company was paid million dollars. What what did she do that hosted an event? Did she put together an event like cater an event Campaign Finance. I'll try to put it on the screen.


Show that they paid Harpo Productions for event production. It was paid for post livestreaming event, which I don't know how much that cost. Cost Some money production cost of a livestream event. That could be money. Said She was not paid a personal fee for the event. She said I was paid nothing. Right. But they she didn't donate her company to do this. She she got paid for It. That's right. Don't, I don't know. Like, yeah. So this is where I got it put Out. So she got a gig is essentially what it is. Yeah. She got a million dollar gig. 5 million to Megan the stallion, 3 million to Lizzo. 1.8 for MMI Know that's in this article, but it doesn't show like where A 1 million for Oprah That could be made up. Okay. It says an Instagram list.


Well, I Didn't make it up but I, that's what I read. So I want it to be real. Yeah, no problem. I want it to be real. Yeah. Well I, if it, I I it makes me believe in our earth better if they didn't, if they just did it for free. It makes me believe in the earth better if they did it. 'cause I don't wanna think that Eminem really believed that shit. Yeah, exactly. What is it? It's always naughty people that did this. I wouldn't think you went out there for 1.8. So it just Says that there's no records, there's no federal records. Doesn't happen showing campaign payments to Eminem or Megan Thee stallion. So when it says mostly false, like where did that rumor emanate from? Someone put it on Instagram And it goes around. People run wild with it. 'cause it sounds fun. Damn. I Thought it was fun. Yeah, it is fun.


If I'm wrong, I'm willing to, You know, I I again, you're not, I read it and I'm my blood boiled. I I was like, what is going on? The Beyonce one is crazy. There's No evidence that it's true. It might be true. Doesn't mean it's not just no current evidence as Of today's mostly false. But this is politic facts. It Could be a rumor that comes politic. Fact is sketch. Well if it's not true then it's not true. Let's, Let's, Let me tell you if it true. That's find out. Is that legal Crazy? Is that legal? Was it, is it legal to pay Beyonce $10 million to talk at a political rally? I don't think so. There's all these like little companies. How would They pay her that much? That seems crazy. That does seem Crazy. Desperate times. Yeah. But she doesn't need the money.


She just not I'm saying desperate times for the campaign trail and then they go, I was gonna endorse her anyways. I'll just do it for, You know, a little fee. My time is worth money. My private plane costs money. Can you cover that? You know? Well It seems suspicious, You know, 'cause when someone's got that kind of money to do something that people are gonna look down upon if they find out if it's true. Yeah. That's what makes me skeptical because like someone who has that kind of money for her $10 million. It sounds crazy to say this, but I believe that for Beyonce and Jay-Z, $10 million is not noticeable. It's not gonna change their life at all. No. Won't change their life. But But you still notice, like I Think they're billionaires dude. They Beyonce's got almost a billion dollars. Yeah. Yeah. I think he has a billion as well. Interesting. I don't think they're gonna notice.


So that's like not gonna change your lifestyle even, But it could get you to outta your house to go do a thing that puts you in the news. Is that what you want? Well, Think about the Super Bowl. All those people that perform in the Super Bowl halftime get paid $0. Right. But it's why did do It a tremendous advertisement Because they do it but they perform. She wasn't even performing. Yeah, she was just talking. I mean maybe, maybe 10 million bucks to 10 million bucks. You can't help it even if you got $2 billion in the bank. But part of me is like I, maybe I'm just looking at how I would look at it. Like I wouldn't do shit. Yeah. I don't. Well I always think, and this may be my naivety to like rich people, is that like they don't have to be bought anymore 'cause they're rich. Like you'd think that that's how I think about it is that like I wouldn't do anything against, it's easier to do things against my moral compass when I was broke.


Right. You'd say, Jeff, we'll give you $500. Go steal this thing. 'cause I'd be like, You know, I need 500 bucks. Whereas like now I can be a little more generous with my money. I can be a little more ethical because I'm, I'm in a place where I don't have to worry about the, the $500 isn't worth breaking some ethical code for me. Right. But money isn't your existence and for some people money is a sum score of how well they're doing in life. Mm. And they get addicted to numbers. They get addicted to this idea of constantly s Yeah. And they compare themselves to all the other people. Fox News, this is from Fox News. They have Washington Examiner reporting that money was spent in ways, I guess you could argue maybe, Well they spent six figures building the set for caller daddy.


But that seems 50 million that people are saying that's outrageous. But that's not that outrageous. A hundred thousand dollars. You build a set, you have to lease a building, you have to bring in cameras and all that shit. I could see that being a hundred thousand dollars campaigns spend at least $15 million on event production. FEC record show with many payments lining up with high profile events and concerts with celebrity attendees or performers. And that's how you do it because it's a performance. Right. So you pay 'em for Perform so can pay them to perform. That's the difference. That's the difference. The truth is just an epic disaster. This is a $1 billion disaster. Linda Lindy Lee Harris Surrogate and DNC, national Finance Committee member told Fox and Friends Weekend on Saturday.


So they did, they just definitely spent a lot of money. Can Harris campaign cut multiple six figure paychecks in September for left-leaning groups that have been vocal about defunding the police reparations that are tied to radical activists who have supported Notorious Antisemite Lewis Farrakhan, Fox News digitally, previously reported. That's wild. So they cut checks to left-leaning groups. So they spend money to get people to talk about Things. They give it to the groups. The groups pay the performers and the people that speak well. No. Well you also the groups, like you're paying them to be vocal. Yeah. Like by saying I cut multiple six figure checks. Like you're funding these people to go out and do these things.


The FEC camp filings 50 also spent north of $56 million on payroll and payroll taxes there. It's in just three months. Yeah. That's crazy. That's that payroll is, is your performers And your speakers. I also show the campaign gave an excess of a hundred million dollars to various consulting and marketing firms, including Gambit Strategies, LLC, DuPont Circle Strategies, LLC and Bully Pulpit Interactive. LLC. That is so crazy. They gave those folks a hundred million dollars. Yeah. So like $1 million to em and M could have been lost in there. But I'm just saying that. Yeah, No there it is. You have to find The evidence to Right. Well I think with a guy like Eminem too, he doesn't like performing like he's, You know, he has Agora phobia, like he's like, he doesn't like leaving the house, which is crazy.


I saw him. Yeah, he killed it. I saw him over here at the racetrack. Really? He played at Coda. Yeah. It was awesome. It was like a hundred thousand people were there Because it was, I dunno what the real number is, I might have made that up. But a lot of people, A lot of people, Because it was there, people were there for Formula One and they have this enormous place. Like I saw the stones there and I think it was, I mean how many people is code a seat? I mean it had to be 80,000 people. It's one of the biggest crowds I've ever seen. It was insane. But This F1 starts Taken, but Eminem there, he was great, but he performed so Rarely. My buddy was at an F1 thing recently and like at one of the concerts, it wasn performing afterwards or something. Or maybe it was just F1. I don't know, maybe there wasn't a concert. Whatever it was. Michael Jordan was just hanging out.


Michael Jordan had a hat on, a hood on, he had like the things over his ears from the noise of the car. And my buddy's like, Hey man. Like I, You know, and then Jordan took like a selfie with him, chatted him up for a few minutes. I was like, wow. That's how popular it's getting. Yeah. Like you said the Eminem was performing at an F1 thing. Yeah. Yeah. He performed at, You know, they had the race, the races and then one night he performed. That's crazy. He Perform, I think he performed Sunday night or Saturday night. I saw. Just saw Post Malone there too. He was just there two weeks ago doing his country show. Yeah. He's doing like I love that. It's great. Yeah. It's fucking, I love that dude to death post the best. He's so much fun. He's such a fun dude too. Just fun to hang out with him too and get to see him and give him a hug. Yeah, that's what it says.


Hundred thousand, hundred Thousand people. A hundred thousand. So it was just in fucking insane. Huge crowd. He killed it too. I love that. So, but he doesn't like to do shows, so to get him out there for a political event, you gotta come with the Jetar. Yeah. He better pay the guy, the Jetta especially, he doesn't do a lot of shows a year. Yeah. 1.8 will go a long way. Yeah. Guy lives in Detroit, pretty easy person to live in. There is not that, not that steep. Yeah. You know, I, I think that you, I also think that it's, people care about money, You know? Yeah, well Especially if you're a person who thinks about money all the time. That's what I was saying about like, I know rich dudes, I know dudes who are billionaires, who get uncomfortable when they're around a hundred billionaires.


'cause they feel like losers. That's wild. It's hilarious to my breaks, my brain. It's like when you showed me all the planets in a row, I was going, oh, like that's what you just did with money for me. Yeah. Because there's Always layers to it. Like, I'm pretty wealthy, but I'm very poor compared to my friend Elon. Yeah. Like I'm a popper, I'm like a dude living in a shitty studio apartment. But it's also compared to that guy, like that's what it's like. I know, like there's like crazy levels to it. But also he works in a way I am not willing to do. He doesn't sleep. That's one thing people don't talk about. These really, even Bill Gates, whether he agree with him or not, like the dude was willing to like sleep like a fish where he'd take like, he'd sleep for like 15 minutes and wake up and program again. Like he worked really hard Yeah.


To become Bill Gates. Oh yeah. There's no doubt. And without Microsoft, like who knows where we'd be without the Windows operating system. Oh my God. I mean it's, it was fucking everywhere. Yeah. It was, it was everything. He's also cured like 500 things. These like small, like little nonprofits will say, well there's this disease called this. You go how much you need? They go a million bucks we think maybe. And It is a lot of profit. He just gives him a money and then they closed. They go, well, what are we gonna work on now? We, he cured it, You know? Really? Yeah, Sure about that. Well, that's what I've, is this another one of these ones I got Wrong? Yeah, it might be one of these ones. Yeah. Let's ask a Phil Called Phil Anthro Capitalism. Okay. And Philanthr capitalism is, you're acting like a philanthropist, but you're making a lot of money through this.


Like, he invested a lot of money in the mRNA vaccines. Yeah. And that's why he was promoting it. And he made like $500 million. Sure. Sure. And then after he dumped his stock, he started talking shit about it. And it wasn't really that good. The, the virus wasn't that dangerous. Like what? Yeah. Where was this guy? Well, but I'm saying like all these, I don't know how they look up if he's cured any diseases or anything. I dunno how you'd look that up. Is there a way to look that up? They've invested in efforts to develop cures for those, for diseases For sure. Include sickle cell Hiv. They've also invested in pharmaceutical. But they didn't fix it. No. The only one I know that's close, I think is sickle cell. But I think they just pulled back To, we would've heard about that if they cured sickle cell. Yeah. You know where sickle cell Came from? I thought that he cured all these small ones. Do You know where sickle cell came from? No. It came from resistance to malaria.


Really? Isn't that crazy? Yeah. The people that experienced malaria, that's tracked down in their genes and they passed it on to their ancestors. That's where Sickle, I had a buddy of mine died from sickle cell when I was a kid. A guy I used to do TaeKwonDo with. A dude named Walter was awesomely talented guy. But like, he would get like real sick man. He just couldn't train. Couldn't come in for months. Yeah. There was a new drug that came out this year I think that they thought was gonna be like ending it, but they had to quickly pull it off. Brought To you by Pfizer. Some people Of course died. They died from it. Yeah. Anticipated number higher than an anticipated number of deaths reported in trials. Yeah. Indicating the benefits of the drug no longer outweighed the risks. So it kills people quicker than sickle cell Just goes.


Which is like, well, I guess that's a solution of sorts. Been so many of those drugs, You know, 33%, is that what it is? 30 something percent of all drugs. The FDA approves get pulled. Ugh. Like whoopsies shit. Yeah, we tried about that. What, what's the matter? You know, you ever heard that book? I think it's called like 19. I don't know the name of the book. It's named after a year 4, 19 84. I think it's not the George Orwell Book. No, not George. Well, it's called Just Checking. That would be ridiculous. Gosh. It's a, What's it about? I'm trying to look in my, in my audible for this book. But the, basically the premise is this guy cures cancer. Why don't you just search and type in the number one.


Nine Maybe. But it might be called 2020 or Something. Oh, you don't Remember? No, it's, I listened to a lot of books. What's it called here? I'll find it. Okay. But the, the premise is this guy cures cancer and then ev and ev at first everyone's great. He becomes the richest guy in the world. Everyone's happy that he cured cancer. But then, then people start to resent him because they're like, You know, I should have already had my inheritance by now. This guy's playing God keeping my parents alive longer than they should. There becomes like these ideas of like, no, he's wrong for doing this. He's affected society. Like there's no real estate being freed up as quick now people should just die however they die naturally.


And the, it's a's a a fun little, so it's not, yeah, it's not obviously not real or nothing. But the, the was an interesting kind of way to look at things. Well, that's a sociopath way of looking at things. Imagine that. Like what you're thinking is, if someone dies, I get their stuff. I know. Why don't they just die? It's Disgusting. But I could see how groups would start to think that. Yeah. You know, like that's how like, like life is, you may you do a good idea. Look at the systems that we put in place, like back in the day and now everyone looks like it. Wasn just their way to trap people in the project. You're like, at first it was like a really nice idea. Like that they wanted to give people that couldn't afford places in the city this. But it's all been, That's why, how people reacted. That one dude is trying to live to be 2000 years old.


You know, that one guy who gets like young guys blood injected in his body. Oh yeah. They just do anything Different things. And it's like, I've seen so many people mad at him. If everybody lived, everybody lived 500 years, the whole world would be overcrowded. Yeah. Like, but everyone's not trying to do it. Yeah. Also, if I could give you a pill, you and you, you would be healthy. You just take this one pill, you'll be healthy for 150 years. You're not gonna take it. Shut the fuck Up. It's called 2030 by Albert Brooks. Oh, okay. 2030. But this is interesting book. It's kind of like, yeah. 'cause you start to do, see how like over time people just misconstrue things, enough time goes by. People are willing to do all sorts of mental gymnastics. I mean, that's how this whole gender affirming care thing got through.


Exactly. We would never let kids get tattoos. We're letting 'em get their dicks chopped off. Oh yeah. Says who, like Why, what, 30 years ago, if you said we'd be debating or even Right. Having to have a conversation that's controversial about whether a guy can be a woman. Right. They would laugh in the streets at us. You know, it's ridiculous. And now it's real. So I just like, that's kind of how the book does a really good job of describing, like, they would just resent that guy after a while. They would hate him for curing Cancer. Some people would, there's always gonna be weak bitches in this world. And they exist to you. Just like you're talking about your parents. I don't wanna be like that. Yeah. That's what weak bitches are there for. They, they're weak behavior, jealous behavior. You learn from it and you go, oh, okay. I, I see what that guy's doing. I don't ever wanna be like that guy.


Yeah. I feel like that with a ton of people in my life right now. Hell Yeah, Dude. You're gonna always, they, they're there. They're always gonna be there. There's some people that just, they're not gonna keep up. And you can't keep 'em in your life either. You just can't. You gotta keep moving. Yeah. Some people are never gonna run outta problems and they're never gonna run out of friends to throw those problems at. Yeah. I was telling you this earlier, but like, like the day after the election, like I like woke up. I was with my buddies. I was just sitting there and I was about to open up my phone for the first time since the, since Trump wins the election. I just took a deep breath. I was like, I'm gonna lose a lot of friends today. I was about to post some shit and like, just like I was So You're Not losing friends though.


No. You're losing friends that weren't really your friends. They were friends with conditions. You know, Ron White is a giant Kamala Harris supporter, believe it or not. Ron White always votes blue. Yeah. He's one of them low information voters. Like, you start giving him facts, he falls apart, but he'll fucking tell you that guy shouldn't be the fucking president. He's like, that's a good president. Yeah. Yeah. But He's, I love him to death. He's one of my best friends. I don't care. That's how things Should work. That's how it's supposed to work isn't Different. A hundred percent Political ideas, dude is different ways of thinking about things. That's fine. It's broke my heart that a lot of people have treated me the way, because I feel like people were fine with conservative Jeff. They were fine. They knew that I'm a Christian and that I'm, that I, I lean, You know? Right. And especially now lean even more.


Right. And then, but they didn't really draw a line until I, I became like supportive of Donald Trump. Like, that's when they drew a line and they go, we don't want to talk to you anymore. I don't think I moved and that broke my heart. I didn't, I don't think I moved right at all. I stayed. But the, but the whole thing thing has moved. That's what I'm saying. That's, I haven't changed many of my thoughts. It's just that it's gone. I've, what was a repub? What was a Democrat is now Republican. There's A few of my thoughts that I, I used to like be all in on. And now I'm like, Hmm. And this is like, just about like human psychology. Like I was all in on universal basic income, which I think is gonna be necessary in the future because I think automation, it's something Andrew Yang talked about when he was running for president. I think he's correct that automation and AI is gonna just consume so many, especially ai, it's gonna consume so many jobs.


There's gonna be so many people that have to like, rethink their life and figure it out. And I think if we don't compensate those people somehow or another, we're gonna have a real fucking chaotic problem on our hands just to keep people happy and healthy. Yeah. I think universal basic income might be the way to go. But I used to always think like, Hey, maybe if we gave universal basic income to people, then, You know, they would still be ambitious, but they'd be ambitious in like, pursuing their own career or developing their own business or, You know, taking that money and using it to be free. But now I think that human nature, if you give people, there's so many people that if you don't give them a difficult problem to solve, and if you provide them with all their needs, their food and their shelter, they just get lazy.


A hundred Percent. So there's two You don't like going On. Right. So there's two things going on simultaneously. One, we have to address the fact that there is no way to get around the fact that automation and AI is gonna consume a lot of jobs. And I think universal basic income is probably the only solution for some of those people. But then there's also the psychology aspect of it. Like, if you do tell people you never have to work again, most people never have to work again. And they're gonna regret it someday. One day they're gonna look at all these people they admire, that have accomplished things that live these fun, exciting lives, successful lives. And they, and they're gonna fear envy and they're gonna feel despair and they're gonna feel like they could have done something more with their life. Sure. But they got trapped the sirens song of comfort.


Yeah. Led them into the rocks. That's the devil. The comfort. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. Like, like all my friends. Right. My friends, not all my friends, but during like Covid, they're like, what am I gonna do? And this is like really stressful and I don't have any. Right. And then they got their government money. Right. For, for, You know, being outta work. And You know what they did, Joe? They bought guitars and baseball cards. And I was like, I don't think you were as struggling as you thought you were. Well, they needed something to make It feel good. It's never enough. It's never enough. No. So it's like you've gotta, like, if, if you give them, they'll say, well, this isn't basic and this basic income. It, it's not enough for me to really live. 'cause what is really living, You know, like, right. So it's just always gonna be more.


Right. So it's like it's flustering to try to solve that. You know, it, the hard work's, the answer. Well, you're not gonna feel happy with no purpose. And that is another thing that we found during Covid. One of the things like, people were so at each other's throats at during covid is 'cause everybody was at home and they were all fucking bored and they all just Yeah. Drunk freaking out. Yeah. And just like attacking people over every, wear a fucking mask. I know. Like, everybody was outta their mind. I lost my mind. It's like most people did, especially if you're seeing your life go away Because you maybe you've worked 30 years to develop a business, then all of a sudden some new thing comes along and you have to shut your business down for a year and a half. That's not gonna work. You're like, I Don't have money.


Right. And you can't get a loan and like, oh my God. And the, the the lease payments for the building, they keep coming in. Like, what am I gonna do? And then you're on Twitter all Day. They crush all small businesses that they claim they care about. God. They crush so many fucking restaurants. Yeah. They almost crushed the comedy store. Oh, I haven't made money in six months. And now a different group's gonna break the windows outta that place that I didn't even Yeah. So all at the same time. Yeah. That's enough to make people And people are saying defund the police at the same time. Yeah. You're like, oh, this is great. That's enough to change my political opinions and it's enough for psychopath to grab a gun and go, Hey, maybe don't knock out the windows of my store. Yeah. Like, It was just too much at once. If Someone comes along from the left that is an objective, sensible person that's making sense of like immigration, foreign policy, then I'm still left.


Right. I'm still the same person. I'm still the, because socially I'm left on almost everything. On almost everything. The, the, You know, the hard right is to me just like the hard left, the crazy fucks that are out there in the fringes and they, they sort of define the left and define the right for everybody. Like you define the right by like white supremacists. Yeah. K, K, k. You've defined the left by Antifa. Like Right. Jesus Christ. Most people are like right here. Sure. Most people are like, I just want rules and law and everybody to be kind and healthy in a prosperous society and no pollution. And yeah. I feel like we could all work together and do a better job of all these different things.


But like Jordan Peterson says, who's like my favorite human in the world. I love him so much. But he was saying like, it's really easy to identify and rebuke the far right. Like, we're very good at identifying it and going, I devour or disavow or whatever the term is. We get we don't want that. Yeah. But then with the left, the very extreme left, we kind of celebrate it and we post it and we brag about it and we go, look how good I am. I think they Thought we finally, we have thugs, You know? Yeah. I think that it's one of those things I'm against The far left. It's the bullies it I am too. And the far right and the far right. It's the bullies. It's the bullies on both sides. The, the people that just wanna use a group and have a abu a bunch of people, they're all together and attack. Yeah. And just go smash windows and light things on fire.


And then there's also they get funded to do that too. Yeah. All this shit that you're seeing where the Harris, where they funded all these different organizations. Yep. People fund through political, through pacs, through all sorts of different methods fund all sorts of organizations. A hundred percent. They donate to all sorts of organizations. Some of these organizations cause problems. Yeah. And they do it because they want them to do it. They want problems. Yeah. There's like, during Black Lives, lives matter. When you see stacks of bricks laying around Yep. I'm not buying it. I'm not buying this. Someone left $30,000 worth of bricks around. They were just doing construction just conveniently. Yeah. Happened. Yeah. At the same time, the protest is here.


Everyone loves coincidences coincide. They think it coincide, they think it's all Coincidence. What conspiracy theorist. Yeah. But it's just, You know, and that is another group thing, You know about being a part of the group. If you're a part of a group that's yelling and lighting things on fire, You know how much fun that must be. Oh Yeah. For the Yeah. It, it's happening. Especially you're doing it to support black people who knows About black. I'm people, I'm the best. Yeah, exactly. Let's light Up Starbucks. Yeah. You know, and Starbucks is like, what did I do? I didn't do anything. Yeah. At least when I supported my group, I didn't get a free Xbox. You know what I'm saying? Like that's, I don't think you really care about what you believe in if you, if you're getting lamps and shit. And Then in New York, they had the dumbest way of handling it. They just let people burn themselves out.


It's crazy. That de Blassio was the worst. Unreal. You know, it's not even his real name. No. Yeah. What's the Blasio's real name? It's some crazy like villain name. His real name's Mookie Betz. No, It's like a villain. He sounds like a, like a, a villain. What's his real name? He changed his name. Dude fitted with Warren Wilhelm Warren Jr. Warren Wilham Jr. Or Bill de bla. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's a fucking, that's a evil name. That is for sure. Warren de Blasio. Really? Helm. Yeah. Warren Wilhelm Jr. I like to call myself Jeff Dy Jesus' name. Jeff dies and people are like, oh, is your son. Oh, no, no, no, no. But if I, You know, just Jeff dies if I ever Kid.


It's Jeff Junior. Yeah. I'm Jeff s Jeff s Yeah. I'm just preparing for the day day Family. You're Joe Rogan. S It's perfect. This is fucking so funny though. The guy changed his name to make it ethnic. Oh yeah. De Blassio. Hey De Blassio the man New York. Right. I'm the guy, guy De gu De Blassio knows how to take care of you. Eat the fries, get a vaccine. Come on, William. What happened? No, no. Bill. Are you Dr. Blasio? Are you old man William's kid? You know? No, no, No, no, no. That's not me. That's Really, That's not me. That's not me. I'm the guy who pays taxpayers money to interpretive dance performers with masks on the middle of the street. Did you Ever see that? You're like Alec Baldwin's wife.


You remember her? Did You ever see De Oh, that's, that Lady's great dude. It was you ever. She's from like Connecticut and she's like, how do you say Orange? Is it orange? I'm from Spain. She made up a national, just made up a whole a like, that's crazy to me. It's so crazy. Must be mentally so fun though. Crazy. She must be fun sexually. Yeah. Amazing. I Bet she's fun. To pretend kind of gal to pretend she's a different name. That's wild. That lady that that lady's fun. A hundred percent. What was I just asking? Oh, the, the video where De Blassio had the performative dancers. Oh yes. Listen to this. Take it from the beginning so you can hear how fucking stupid this is. Look at this.


They all have masks on outside. We Need a recovery that brings back the life and the heart and the energy of this city. Oh my God. And that everyone gets to be a part of, look at this dance. We're we're gonna do that. We're gonna really bring back the heart and soul of New York City. We need our arts and culture back and we need people to see it and feel it. To participate in, to know that that essence of New York City has not been defeated by the Coronavirus p quote. We'll come back strong in 2021 month after month in 2021, as you see the city come back to life, culture will lead the way. Culture. Culture Is another step towards our recovery for our city. We're launching with 115th street locations in all five borders. And it brings stations to our neighborhoods and culture to the heart of our neighbors.


I Wonder culture, how many of those 115 people in 115 neighborhoods shot at those downstairs? Oh yeah. Yeah. Although when I think of New York City, I do think of people spazzing out in masks like that. But I do think of them going like this, like on drugs asking me for money. That's what I think of when I think of New York. This is Peak woke. This is absolute peak woke insanity. Stupid shitty out of rhythm. Dancing to terrible music while everybody's wearing masks outside. Yes. And they spent money on this. And this was his way of bringing the city back through culture. It's Just so unlikely. Peak woke. Yeah. It's peak woke. This is this, I think this moment, this video, this is, the historians will look back at this.


Like, this is like, oh yeah. This is when they clearly lost their fucking mind. Yeah. The biggest metropolitan city on earth. The one Right. If you can make it there, you can make it anywhere. That retard is the mayor. A hundred percent. And this is what he's doing with the taxpayer money while he's got the whole city shut down. Yep. And he wanted to defund the police this, they won't believe it. And you let people riot and smash windows and steal things. We need to bring our culture back. Yeah. You Need to Leave the job. You're Terrible at this job. But people are gonna go, oh, you believe that that wasn't real. You go look at it. Yeah. Yeah. They're gonna go, come on. Peak woke Insanity. D if if you try to do That's d If he tried to, if to do that at any other time in history. Yeah. If it wasn in 1990 and the mayor of New York had people dancing with masks on in the street, everybody like, what the fuck is This?


Yeah. Someone bully them immediately. What happened? Yeah. Like, what is happening? How did you lose Your fucking mind? But they, it wasn when everybody was so confused and so mentally ill. I think as a society we mentally had a cold. We were all like, oh, for Sure. No one felt healthy. Yeah. The whole country was mentally ill. Yeah. Like legitimately I, yeah. And that's, that's how they Pulled that out. That's it. Yeah. That's peak wolf. But You know what they'll say, Joe? They'll go, ah, it wasn 2020, dude. Ah. Because they'll dismiss it as crazy. They'll go, oh, it wasn. That's different. It wasn 2020. That, that's Fucking, He's gonna bring up 2020 again. It wasn 40 months ago. Right. Let It go. Exactly. Well, where's the apologies? What's the big deal? They're not coming. Where's the Hey, we were, they're coming.


They're not coming. Hey, You know, maybe we were wrong. Yeah. About that. When, when are you ever gonna hear that? Not only do they not admit that they were wrong, but now they're the victims. Yeah. You know, everybody else is spreading misinformation. And we have to censor online speech. 'cause say how, what about you guys? Yeah. You got us into the Iraq war with misinformation. You cunt. I've been wrong all the time. And I just go, yeah. They, oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know. Didn't I've been wrong on this fucking podcast right now. Congratulations. But like the left will just go. No, that's different. Like, I'm like, just, can you just at least say we're sorry for calling you a, a super spreading jerk Because you wanted to leave your house to get coffee. Can I get one?


Yeah. They were wrong about everything. And they gaslit the whole fucking world. Yeah. It's crazy. And they got away with it. And they got away with it. Yeah. And they almost got away with demonizing their political opponent and putting him in jail. They almost caught him in jail. Oh my God. They came real close. Yeah. That's so scary. They crew convicted him 34 felonies for things that aren't even felonies. Well, and also people can't even tell you what those felonies are. They just, it's more fun. It's just to say it, it's more to fun to call someone a felon. Yeah. Well that's why he got convicted in the first place. Yeah. It was All a political thing. It was like name calling. The whole World just lost its mind in four years. In four years. Everybody just, it was like, there was so many contributing factors of the hatred of Trump. And then there was the Coronavirus, the chaos, and then Biden Racism.


The sexism. Yeah. The George Floyd thing. And then Biden seems to be dead and he's still running the country like, what's happening. I know. And then, You know, and then now finally when Trump won, it was like the first time in a long time. I was like, whew. Yeah. Maybe we're gonna be okay. Well, you see the stuff that he's saying about The college. I'm very optimistic about it. Yeah. This is like what most logical, sensible people have been saying. Well, and also like, like the, the double standard is just really fascinating to me. Is like, like what's the bosa guy from the 49 ERs? He comes in like, while they're interviewing the guys that were the stars of the game. He runs up and puts his MAGA hat on and then he like leaves. And everyone's like, well he's gonna have to be fined for that. Like, you can't make political statements.


I'm like, I don't know if you remember that BLM it wasn like on the field, like all their helmets said. Right. But that's different. That's, that's not a political statement. Pretty political. Yeah. It's a cultural statement more than it's a politician you're supporting. There's a big difference between like someone's Support. You don't find that political stop, don't shoot. Is it it political? It's not political in a sense where someone's running for office. So there's a difference between like, you're promoting someone running for office while it's on television and they don't want you doing that on television. The other thing is like, you're taking a, a cultural stand. It's a different thing. It's got political aspects to it. Okay. It's political in nature. It's supported primarily by the left.


Right. Okay. But it's not the same as, it's Not vote for so andSo. Right. Right. Okay. Right. But if you were, if he had a vote for Harris hat on, I bet you didn't give a fuck. I don't know. That's the difference. Yeah. But that is the interesting, like I remember seeing that going Well, you're gonna have to find all those other players who wore defund the police on their things and Yeah. You Know, little different. Yeah. It's, it's different. It's a social issue, but I think the point's the same. It's like, these guys are you, it's also, it's like how many of these fucking dudes who do this stuff just do it? 'cause they know they're gonna get social media cred and Oh yeah. Instagram. Oh yeah. That's tough to figure out too. Yeah. There's A lot of that in the world today. Like when people know that you can say certain things get, it's hard to know what you really think. Right.


I've gotten accused of pandering. Right. They're like, oh, he is pandering to the right. Or whatever. Pandering, You know, finess Mitchell goes, you go real politically to me. And I was like, why? We just saying what I think also, like I told you this too, is like when I was in Seattle, You know, and I was like making jokes. Like nobody goes, wow, you're really leaning into this left stuff. You know, like, like when comics are going up and talking about all the things they talk about. I don't go, oh, trying to make that Obama money. Huh? Like, like no. They just are saying what they think. Yeah. Nobody ever accused of people of pandering until you do it. Like on the conservative side. Well people then they think you're pandering. People Do like when they catch people pandering though, If you can catch 'em. But how do You know? Well, they like to accuse people of pandering if they disagree with what that person says.


Yeah. Bingo. And our community, like as far as standup convenience has been very left leaning. Yeah. Always. And I've never once gone, oh, you're pandering to fit in here. Right. Or you're pandering to get on the Tonight Show some people or you pandering to get on Jimmy Kimmel. Some People definitely do though, For sure. But I never accused them of that. 'cause how am I supposed to know if they really feel like that way or not? Right. But then I say, So I Youand, I really don't care. As long as it's funny. Right. If you, you're, you're pandering. But it's really hilarious. But the problem with me, but what I really get grossed out by is Clater. Oh yeah. I'm guilty of it sometimes lately. For sure. Just in certain scenarios I've done it. Ooh. Yeah. Where people just the only one say things that people are gonna clap and agree to. And it a punchline like, Hey, you missed a whole part of this whole formula.


We're all all participating in here. This is a comedy club. We're coming here for funsies. A Hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. And I think also too, it's like, that's why it's hard. That's why it's really rough to accuse someone of it. Yeah. Because you don't know. Like, what is the difference between pandering and just playing to a crowd? Or you go, oh hey Joe, you gotta read the crowd. Right. Well, what's the difference between pandering and reading the crowd? Yeah. I guess reading a crowd is pandering. So then I guess yes, in a way I'm a guilty of it, but we all are. Yeah. I guess I've never been one for reading a crowd. I was like, You just do your thing. Let's find Out. I like that. Let's find out. How much of this stuff works In Madison, Wisconsin. They go did, or No, I was in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Somewhere in Wisconsin. The people after the show guy bet you don't do that material in la. I go, damn sure I do. Yeah, I do. Yeah. I do this material in la for sure. Yeah. People have this bizarre idea that you change your act depending upon who's in the crowd. Right? Yeah. Like, You know how hard it is to come up with all this stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Feel like fucking six months to come up with 20 minutes. It's Hard to, yeah. One new joke needs to be blossomed into a thing. It needs to be watered. But I will say like I'll change, You know, read a crowd. Like if it's a corporate event, I'm gonna do different material. I'll do different words of the same bits and things. Yeah. If I have to, like, I have to adjust, You know? Yeah. Oh, that's a different gig though, right? Yeah. The corporate gig is just, I'm only like hiking up my skirt and stick my ass up in the air. Dude.


That's all it is. That's the real luxury of being a successful, like as successful as You know, a lot of you comedians are. You don't have to do that. You don't have to do that. The corporate gigs, I Don't have to, but I still get offered it. And I say yes. And I'm going, oh, it's tough. Yeah. Ron White did one. He goes, I did it because they offered me a fuck load of money. And it was the worst experience I ever had in my fucking, it's fucking life Stressful. I like, why'd you do it? You shouldn't have done it. He goes, it Was fucking terrible. Yeah. It's stressful. Yeah. It also is kind of exciting though. I kind of crave those moments where I'm like nervous again. Right. Like the, like in February when I came and did the mothership for the first time, I was like, oh, this is exciting. Behind the curtain, I'm a little nervous. Yeah. I'm a little nervous to go out there. You're up in the balcony. I'm going, I'm a little like, I like this.


Like the first time I did the Tonight Show, I had all these like butterflies, like it wasn. I like, I live for those kind of moments. So like, You know, sometimes I'll take a corporate and I'm going off, you should Do a live special. I'm pretty nervous. I'd love to. Yeah. That's, I'd love to That I did that. 'cause it made me nervous. I, I said no to it at first. Really? Yeah. I was like, no, it's dumb. One shot. Yeah. But then I thought, oh, why are you being a pussy? Then I called my manager back. I said, don't say no yet. Let call you tomorrow. I called it Love it the next day. I'm like, all right, we're good. Let's Do it. I love it. I think that's the future. Well it's definitely, you prepare for it more and you think about it in a different way than a regular show. Like I, I prepared so much more than I ever do normally. Well, you didn't have to sit around. We approving edits from people at a big corporation with a bunch of laptops who aren't creative, who go, yes, maybe this bit.


And you go, I'm the comedian. Why are you editing that? And so, like, I think Live, I had to do that once the future. I had to do that once with a Comedy Central. I had a Comedy Central deal to do a special and I bailed on it. Oh really? Yeah. Just after the phone call. Like, You know, can't do this. Yeah. So it like, it's like, you can't say that. I'm like, why not? What do you mean? What are we talking about? Do you guys want fun or not? Funny? So I thought it wasn cable. They've changed their standards though. And then like by 2014, I got away with a lot. Hmm. I got away with a lot when I did a Comedy Central special in 2014. But they now, I don't even know what they make anymore other than South Park, Common Central. I mean, do they even have South Park anymore? I'm not sure if they're making new episodes, but they have that.


They play a lot of reruns of things and then they also have all those daily shows and all that stuff does good for them. Okay. Daily show. Of course. Yeah. But like, they used to have so many shows. I Know. I just don't think TV can compete with internet anymore. No. And they had an app too. I know Comedy Central had an app for a while. I don't, I don't know if they still have that running. They still have a Comedy Central app. You wanna hear a good story about the Folded into Paramount, I believe. Oh, that makes sense. And that's where the New South Park episodes are. Right? What's that comedian's name that Joe List just made a documentary about? Gosh, he's a great guy from Boston. He now lives in the Keys of Florida. He's a Boston comic, kind of a legend. Tom Dustin. Tom Dustin. Yeah. He, there's a great Tom Dustin story in Boston where the women that ran Comedy Central were like in the crowd and it's like a showcase thing.


And the owner's like, just keep it clean. This is, You know, this is a thing. And Tom Dustin's already kind of a controversial guy as far as like, the booker was like, You know, You know our reputation here and we're letting you do this 'cause we want to help you. But like, play ball. So Tom Dustin goes out there and he is struggling a bit. And then he, And it just in the middle of set, he just decides, I don't wanna do this. You know, like, I don't want to jump through these hoops. So he goes, I heard Comedy Centrals here, and everyone claps. And he goes, how many fat bearded unfunny fucks? So you're gonna put on the network this year? And everyone's like, mortified. And then he is like, like he, like they're lighting him. Get off the stage, get off the stage.


And then he, he wraps, he goes, ah, that's it. I'm outta here. And then he comes back and he goes, oh, I forgot you're all a bunch of N word cunts. Whoa. It just says that to the, the audience and the like that like, 'cause he just wanted to stick it to the comedy club and the, and the people that Yeah. That's the guy. Tom Dustin. Yeah. He is a legend. Legend dude. I know him. Yeah. Great fucking funny guy, dude. Hmm. Must have missed him. He's, You know, he's grinding, he's grinding it out. One of those Boston boys. And where does He live now? Now he lives in the, he started a comedy club in Key West. What's it called? Played. Because I know there's a, there is a comedy club in Key West that a lot of people go down to. It's supposed to be a fun gig. Doug does it all. Does Stan Hump? Does it? I know Schwar Club.


I dunno if Schwartzen has done it, but I know Swartzman was down there when I was Down there. So he just works his own club. Yeah. Just made, made his own. Started his own club. He's happy. Mm. Pretty cool. That's Kinda what I did. Comedy West. Well, you guys did in different ways. Joe. Joe list there. Joe lists. Oh yeah, there you go. Sam. Talent. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Should fucking take a trip down to Key West. West. Hell yeah. It's great. Might be fun to do a gig down there just for funsies. Yeah. That'd help him out a lot too. It's a fun area. Those people are wild people. I mean, that's been a wild place for a long ass time. Very Unchartered territory. Yeah. Kind of like, You know, nomads like fucking, it's pretty cool. Matt Max type shit. I Like It there. Yeah. Yeah. And you can't just fly into the Keys. I mean, I, I mean, if you can, I didn't know that you could because I had to drive.


Dave Williamson drove me for like three hours, like a week. Like how long have we been in the Keys? He's like, the gig's up here. Don't worry. You Gotta go by cruise ship. That's Well, that'd be, yeah. I think that's how they get there, actually. Yeah. Have you done cruises? Been on cruises? No, no, No. Yeah. Not me, dude. Not into it. Uhuh. Yeah. No. Well, You know what's funny about the cruise ships while we're talking about like corporate corruption, it's international waters. So like the casino, like, they just kill you. Well The casino, you're like, this kind of of is, this kind of feels unfair. And they're like, wait, who are you gonna complain to? No one, there's no pit boss that goes, don't worry, this is all sanctioned. Of course. It's unfair. Is there to get you drunk and steal your money. Oh. And they're, the games are rigged.


They just, just steal it. You go, I would like to talk to the casino commission. They go, shut up. You're in the middle of the ocean. You know, and you talk to the guy that works there off those, you're like, Hey buddy, how much are you? You know, make, and they're like, I make like a dollar a week or what? You know, Like It some crazy thing. You go out there, they're just allowed to do that. They give 'em free food and a Bed. Oh yeah. And the guy more than where I live, You know. How About those folks that like live on cruise ships, dude, You know those certain folks that gave up their house and they just live on a cruise ship all year Round. I will say, and I promise I'm not trying to be contrarian here 'cause I love Tim Dillon. I love like all these guys who will shit on cruise ships and they're Right. Every bit of criticism that my favorite people in my life criticize about cruise ships. The other side of that coin is some people just want to eat shit and look at things.


They wanna be, there are some people, it's nice for my dad, You know, like he's the Yeah. He's happy to just go. Oh, okay. What, what are they playing? Rush hour two. All right. Like he, it's okay. Yeah. There's, those people are enjoying it. Sure. It's a vacation. Yep. And you wear with a whole bunch of People, sunburn, vacation, sun, all sitting Around. You got water slides. Yeah. And fucking all kinds of shit to do. And Yeah. Yeah. It's fine for them. I get it. Yeah. It's not my brain. Right. I don't wanna do it. I don't sync up that Way. Nightmare for me. Yeah. I so trapped. But then every three days you get trapped. Get to waddle your fat ass off the boat and see, You know, Puerto Rico for three hours and then you get back on the boat. Some people that's, that's a pretty cool deal. Some People. Some people. Yeah.


Yeah. I don't wanna perform on those things. Well, how many times have you done it? Oh, I've only been on a cruise ship like probably three times. And I got like some special deal. Where were You doing standup or were you I gotta do standup. Yeah. Dude, Joe, what a thing. One of the other comics, Tom Coter goes, don't be here, dude. I know Tom Co. Yeah, Tom's awesome. He was the other comic on the boat. He saw that I was doing it. He goes, dude, you don't want to be on here. He's like, go, you got the rest of your life to be on a cruise ship. Like, if this is where you want to end up. And, And it, he was speaking to the comedy aspect of it. Yeah. Like It was just pretty That's a dark Statement. Depressing. Yeah. Because Tom's My age. Tom's awesome. I've known Tom since we were open Micers. Really? Yeah.


The first time I ever went to an open mic night, I saw Tom on stage. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I just found out that Greg Fitzsimmons was a Boston guy. He Started week after me. Really? Yeah. We both started together. Do You consider yourself a Boston guy? Yeah. Okay. That's where I started. Nice. Yeah. I think you develop a, a kind of sense of comedy and of urgency and like the audience's attention span and like the comics from Boston have, You know, at least back in that day, they had a sharp material. They're Oh yeah. Like you, there were too many good comics. Yeah. It was a, it was also like a real, it was a real pressure cooker Because you had these guys that were these national level comics that could have been some of the best comics in the country, but they never left Boston.


Right. And so you're always working with these guys. These Steve Sweeney, Don Gavin, Kevin Knox, Lenny Clark. They were monsters. Yeah. Lenny would've been pissed if he didn't say him right there. Oh, he was a monster. He was the first guy or the second guy actually I ever get paid to open for. Really? Yeah. One. Yeah. Those guys are rock stars. And then they stayed put and so you guys have to compete with the rock stars. Exactly. Yeah. So Lenny got out and he did a lot of TV shows and a bunch of stuff, but a lot of those guys, they stayed put and they, they were still fuck like Steve Sweeney, he's, to this day, one of the, the greatest killers on stage I've ever seen in my life. They got destroyed back in the day. Really? I mean, destroyed. And Boston did a dirty thing. They did a dirty thing. The dirty thing was like, say if you're a famous comedian and you're coming to play Nick's comedy stop for the weekend.


Like Billy Crystal. Yeah. They would put on Don Gavin. Oh, just bury him. Kevin Knox, Steve Sw, Thaty. Oh, it was hell. Mike Donovan. I like that. And they would just eat shit. Gotta earn it. And they would love that. These guys would eat shit. I like that. They bring in a head, they pay 'em all this money to go perform at this club. This is a club by the way, that would pay you in Coke or cash. Oh yeah. That's old days. Yeah, right there. Old days. I've only read about that. Yeah. Which makes me so happy. Like, you want Coke money or just Coke or just money. Back In the day, there was a club that used to do that. I Like that. Yeah. And I, I think probably more than one. Oh, for sure. I mean, these were partying people. I would hear about that all the time. You know how they All got hit up though? Taxes? Oh yeah. Yeah. They were all getting paid cash.


Well, They all, they all didn't pay their, Their cash. I remember opening for Greg Giraldo as like the club that I started at, like we were, he just used the open micers as free openers and like, and also like pick up the comedian at the airport. And we wanted to pick up Greg Giraldo and Chris Porter, all these, we were excited to pick up the comics from the airport, but it wasn his way of not having to pay a car service to pick up the comics from the airport. Oh, the club owner did that. Yeah. The club owner. And then, but then he'd also be like, you guys are all gonna do short sets in front of the headliner, which we're excited to do, but that also means he doesn't have to pay us to open so he doesn't have to pay for a middle or a host. Right. So it was a trick. But we were happy to be part of the trick because we, we just wanted stage time. Sure. You get to hang out with Greg Giraldo. How cool Is that? It's you're being an intern. Yeah.


It felt like that. Yeah. Yeah. And I was happy with the trade, You know, that stage time is valuable. But, And it got to meet all like the, my heroes, You know, that came through and I remember Greg Aldo, You know, he's tore, he, he's, he's clean now. He's trying to be an honorable husband and he, he's, You know, he's got the fix. And he would just be like, You know, Jeff, if this was back in the day, we would've been knee deep in Coke. And I'm like, let's do that now. Like, like why? Like why, why do I, how did I miss it? You know, like I'm, I'm reading about all these tales. It's unsustainable. Yeah. The only guy's been able to sustain partying for entire career is Stan Hope. Yeah. Well or they die. Yeah. Well Dangerfield was doing it till the end. He did it till The end. Yeah. He was smoking pot and doing lines to the very end.


Yeah. He was committed. Oh, come On. Yeah. Well This is Comedy. How is the, the notes in the Green room? Love. You saw me browsing those last night. I was was pretty into that. Yeah. How'd you get 'em? His wife. His wife gave 'em to us. Really? Yeah. Whitney knows his wife and when she found out we were opening up the club. I love that. Yeah. I love stuff like that. I wanna do something like what he did where he had Rodney Dangerfield and Friends where he did those HBO shows. Oh yeah. Which you introduce your guys where the World to like some of the best comics. I wanna do something like that. You'd Help a lot of guys. Lemme tell you because Doing that like from the mothership would be fucking amazing. That would tell a lot of guys, I think there's guys out there that that could use it too. There's guys out there that have like 10 minutes of murder.


Right. And just put those 10 minutes of murder together and You know, have four or five guys on a show and have some fun. Would You be able to commit to picking the guys you like as opposed to the guys that Netflix wants you to Plug? No. If I was gonna do Joe Rogan and Friends, it would've to be people that I really think are funny. I love That. That's Whether I know them or not. I love that. Like people that I really admire and that's what what he did, what Rodney did was different than anybody else other than Carson who wasn't really a comedian. Right. So Johnny Carson was the way that everybody got famous. You got on the Tonight Show. Yeah. We had the new Carson by the way. And You get to sit. Oh thank you. I believe that. And you get to sit next to Carson, like, holy shit, I'm sitting next to Carson and like he likes you so much. You made it, you were headlining in comedy clubs after that and traveling around the country and You know, this guy like Rich Jen did like dozens of Yeah.


Rich Jen was great. Amazing. A very unhappy man, but like a talented man. Yeah. Super Depressed, right? Yeah. But then you had Rodney and what Rodney did jokes is he introduced people to the HBO special comedians. So these weren't comedians. Like Tonight show clean comedians. These were guys like Robert Shimmel, dice Clay, bill Hicks, Sam Kennison, killers, Dom, IRA Killers, Lenny Clark. Killers. Killers. Yeah. And like headliners already, like, and then they all got HBO specials. Love it. And then they be, they all became like national talent and like people that would see them everywhere. But it all came outta Rodney. 'cause Rodney had this desire to introduce these comics to the rest of the world.


Love that. Whereas nobody else was doing that that Time. And I love that. That's like, that's how you help people Yeah. Is by going, Hey, I know this guy isn't famous. He doesn't have a sitcom. Yeah. But I Right, I'm, I'm funny. Here's the guy that I think is funny. I also think, I think our Rodney Dangerfield is David tell joke, joke, joke, joke. Just crushing killer. I think our Larry, the cable guy Theo Vaughn, like, You know, like it's got the voice in the things and the, you don't know what is a story and what is a joke. Right. But You know, our Eddie Murphy's, Kevin Hart, you can, You know, our Normy is or nor McDonald is kind of a Mark Norman. Like with we have these kind of next guys Sort of, I think they're all their own thing. They Are their own thing. Yeah. I mean I don't really think it's our this or other.


I don't think about it that way. Well you don't think styles influence people. Yeah, they definitely do. For sure. Sure. I think, You know, like if you listen to Steven Wright, then you listen to Mitch Hedberg. Yeah. That and that's great. Yeah. That, that, That's that beautiful Absurdist nons sectors. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I'm very inspired by Norm and Patrice and Simpsons. Sure. Like if you watch my act, you can go. I can, I know all the things this guy watched for, For, but I think it tells his own thing. Like It tells, I think think he's one of the greatest of all time. He's I really do. Oh, I think so Too. I saw him at the mothership one night. I came in just to watch the set. It was amazing. Machine gun Joe. He and he's so in the groove. He's just this zen master. Yeah. On stage. Every, every beat is perfect.


He's a master. I love him. He's so good. He's so good at just talking shit too. When he has everybody come on stage with him. It's fun. He gives everybody a microphone and then just starts shitting on him. Yeah. He's the best. You know, he also like has still like, he's still maintained people like when you don't change, You know, like if you're fat celebrity, you better stay fat. We don't wanna see you skinny. Right. You know, and if, and if you're a skinny person and you get fat, they go, what happened? You know, like we don't want like any, that's why kid child stars are doomed. 'cause they're gonna have to change. And You know, I liked him when he was a cute kid. You know what's going Right. But I think the same thing is true with like a tell. He's still looks like he's broke. Yeah. You look at a tell, you're like, that guy is right.


He all clothes. Yeah. Same. He dresses the same light. He's all right. Every time you see him, even on his special is wearing a a, it could be 80 degrees outside. He's got a jacket and on like A durag and a a hat baseball. He's just Bizarre. I love that. And I love that. Like, you, like, you're like, is he okay? You're like, that's one of the best comedians in the world. He's crushing it. Yeah. But he's really in his own little world. Yeah. Like he really does still read newspapers love. And he writes jokes in a, a coffee shop and his flip phone. Yeah. He texts you. No. From a flip phone. I didn't know that. Every time I get a text from him, I appreciate it because I know how long it took to make these fucking things take forever. And he was in here in the studio and he was sitting there. He had a text, somebody he was going Do, do, Do. I was like, that's hilarious. I was like, whatcha doing?


Yeah. You're like my dad. That's wild. But, but he's right. Right. If you don't want to be connected to that world, you don't wanna be influenced in just stay in the zone. And who's better at staying in the zone than him? Nobody. Yeah. Who's better at coming up with new material? Nobody. Yeah. He's awesome. He, so he's just like, found this area to exist in. He's he's the best. I'm good. Yeah. I'm good. I love it. I, I think he's one of the greats. So I, or we agree that he's one of the greats. I had a, a couple of friends, this is a long time. We just went to a theater show. We saw this comic. He wasn't very funny. They love to do that. Oh, I saw this special. It sucked. You know, like, they love to shit on it better than just going. We enjoyed it. And So I go, oh, who'd you see? And they go, I can't remember his name, but we'll, we'll, we'll text you if we can remember, or whatever.


And I was like, okay, these are my good friends of mine. And so then like later on, they're like, oh, it was Dave Atel. And I go, oh, you were wrong. You were just wrong. And they're like, no, it was really bad. I go wrong. You're wrong. There's just no way that that is. And I think that that's like the disconnect of like, maybe a theater show. Well, also, or like a paying attention, Netflix special, You know? Were You talking to your friends? Were you looking at your phone? They Wanted some crowd work or something. I don't know what they expected, but I was like, you're wrong. Like that's one of the greatest. Yeah. I think sometimes if a venue's too big, You know, and the person's all smiling, like maybe that's, there's a disconnect there. Maybe, But I don't know. But it's usually screens. Yeah. It's people have shitty tastes. Yeah. I couldn't believe it. Yeah.


I've heard things like that before about other comedians that I think are awesome. Like, shut up. Well, also the stadium's laughing. Yeah. And going, this guy's the best. And then my dumb friends are gone. I thought they're all cheap jokes, Right? What do you mean my favorite kind? Like, shut the fuck up. Yeah. Shut the fuck up. I like a good cheap joke. Yeah, exactly. Like cheap joke. That makes me laugh. It's, did it work fun? Yeah, it should laugh. Yeah, Exactly. I, I'm not, yeah. I'm not necessarily a connoisseur. I'm just here to have a good time. Well, that's a, I do think that's a good thing too about taste. Like, I think it was in Dave Grohl book where he was like, I'll eat, like, I'll drink shitty coffee from like a gas station, but also appreciate like a nice espresso. And I think that's a good way to like, think about even like jokes. Yeah. I'll take a one-liner or a cheap joke.


Yeah. I'll take a story. A misdirection. I'll take anything. Just let me make Me laugh. Yeah. I like the good stuff and the bad stuff. Yeah. But The thing that's hard, hard for comics is to maintain an audience enthusiasm. Right. Like to watch comedy, like, and appreciate it like you used to before you were a comic. Mm. Because you, You know, the tricks. And it, it's one way to like, when you see someone's doing hacky stuff, you're like, yuck. But just fun. Just have a good time. Yeah. Don't start breaking down someone's bits or cr like you see comics, they, they can't laugh. I know. And watching things and everything is like, hmm, I don't know. I don't think it's a little extra time to get to this joke. Could have edited that out a little bit better. And you start like, You know too much.


Right. You're not an Audience. I did, I did that early. I'd police guys. Right. Like when I was like a passionate, obsessed with comedy open mic, I would be like, You know, so and so has a bit about that subject. And it's like, yeah, I'm like, we we're all talking about the same subjects, You know. But I would be the guy that would be like, well you shouldn't do that. 'cause Daniel Toss has a thing, You know, like Right. But it was all bullshit. It was just me being so passionate about it that I was overdo it. Well, you're probably applying those standards to yourself too. Yeah. Oh, for sure. Yeah. So that's part of it. You see someone who's like, eh, come on man. You know, that fucking Gilbert Godfrey had a bit about that. Yeah. But like also just, you don't wanna overthink it. I think you're a hundred percent right. Like have fun with the crowd. Be out there. Yeah. And just be able to enjoy different kinds of comedy too.


And just, some people just can't. And there's so many people, particularly left wing comics, like comedy has to align up with their ideology or they just won't, they won't get into it. They can't. I hate it. I used to see that with Dice Clay, it wasn the big one. And we were talking about this last night. 'cause like, I came in as like a Dice Clay fan when I was a kid. And by the time Dice had gotten kicked off of MTV And it was like in fashion for comedians to call him a sexist and a pig. And like this guy, It is a, it's a character. Yeah. What are talking about? Yeah. It's also, it's like, shut the fuck up. Right. And then I, there were, there was like so much jealousy. There was a jealousy about him too, because he was the first comic that ever sold out arenas.


So he was selling out arenas when everybody else was like, struggling Sure. To like fill a weekend at a little comedy club. Like what? Yeah. And these guys all started with him And it, and he was one of those guys that got on running Dangerfield special and just took off. Interesting. And then he did his own special, I think it was just, I think it was called Dice Rules. And that special took off. And then dude, he was everywhere. And it wasn't, it was different than any other kind of comedy. 'cause everybody knew the nursery rhymes and they wanted to say it with him, the hits. So it was like going to a concert. Yeah. You know what's In the bowl, Bitch? Oh. And everybody go. Yeah. It Was different if anyone was to criticize, You know, like I know a lot of the old dogs in Boston wouldn't be like, these guys aren't doing anything different, but Right.


That's different. Yeah. So you get something that's different that's working and then people will kind of get mad. They were mad. Like, you claimed you wanted something different. And it's working. It's working and it's different. You know, Just Because you do a different thing. Like if you're an observational comic. Yeah. Just 'cause you do a different thing doesn't mean that that thing that all these hundred Percent Tens of thousands of people are screaming and cheering for is wrong. Right. A hundred percent. That's, that's a crazy way of Looking at it. I'll give you a great example. I was at Skank Fest right this year in Vegas, which, what a tree. And so grateful to them for having me. So I don't ever wanna make it sound like I'm not grateful. But I went and watched Carrot Top Scott Thompson. Right. I went over to, I went over to the Luxer. I, I watched the show and then I come back to Skank Fest and I was like, oh, we were at Carrot Top, You know?


And people were like, carrot top. And I was like, he's better than all of us. Just so You know. He's, he's funny. It's great. Joe. 90 minutes of not missing it was relevant as far as like, he was doing topical things. He, he had a p Diddy joke that happened like the night before I saw him. Like he had all the, You know, it wasn't all props. There was a lot of topical stuff, tons of Trump stuff, political stuff. There was like three, like a, maybe a one minute segment where I was like, You know, 'cause I was going in with an open mind, like, if it's gonna be shit, I'll say it's shit. And if it was great, I'll say it's great. You know? And there was like, there was like, like a one little chunk that I was like, that's a little hacky. And it's like, You know, a Vegas Luxor joke about how like, oh, they made it a, a pyramid because if you try to jump out the window, you'll just end back up at the casino.


That's kind of a, I've heard that kind of thing. But then I started thinking about it. I was like, no, he probably wrote that he's been doing this for 29. Sometimes you'll watch Pryor and you'll be like, black women like that white. And you go, that's hacky. No, he did it first. Right. And so in my mind I was like 90 minutes of not missing. And he's the nicest guy in the world. Yeah. And he's crushing it. It's a great, great great show. Well, he was a guy that in the early days when he was taking off, everybody jealous shit on. Yeah. Everyone shit on including Hicks. Hicks had a whole bit about Carrot Top, which Sucks because he's so Good. It was just a jealousy thing. It was just shitting on the guy who was doing this thing that you think is somehow or another coloring outside the lines, which is crazy to me.


Didn't make any sense. And then he also kind of was alienated from everybody because he did, then he did a residency in Vegas. He was like one of the first big guys to just do it. He's been in Vegas forever. 29 years. That's so crazy. Yeah. That's a long Time. And that means it must be pretty good. Like It was. He does well. Oh man. I want you to funny see, have you Seen it? It's funny. He's a really nice guy. Yeah. I saw show. I Want you to show. Oh, you saw so good saw. Yeah, I saw it. It's so good. And I couldn't, he was, couldn't have been more humble and Like, It was just like such a nice guy. And I, I I, I said this to him. I wanted him to hear it. That like, You know, all the hate that my like comedy friends do is just because it's become a thing. Yeah. It's not 'cause it's real. So like, I think this happens in life. Like people go Henry Winkler, Jeff, you worked with Henry Winkler.


Isn't he the nicest guy in the world? Yes. Henry Winkler's the nicest guy in the world, but so are a lot of people. Right. But we've learned Henry Winkler's the Nice. So we just repeat it, You know. Oh, Taylor Swift only sings about her ex-boyfriends. Every musician sings about their exes. Why is that Taylor Swift's thing? It's just, well, he's got a lot about, but it's just something we've heard and we repeat as like a hacky true thing. And I think that's the same with Ker to it became hack It became like a trend to make fun of him. But yeah, he didn't deserve it. That act is killer. Yeah. There's a lot of that. That's Trump as a Nazi, right? Yeah. It's not fair. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of that. There's narratives, there's headlines, clickbait narratives that just get spread. I don't know. I hate it.


It's easy to define people in a certain way. They'll say, oh, I, I I see it in like small things. Oh, You know, you swallow 10 spiders spiders a year and they don't, what do you sleeping outside with your mouth open. What are you talking about? Why are people repeating these things that aren't, oh, You know, you lose a million hairs a month. You're like, no you don't. Like where are these things being repeated or perpetuated? The Internet? Just like we were talking about how much Lizzo made. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Which I'm probably gonna wear that a little bit, but I think we got to the bottom of it. Well, we probably are at least semi accurate. Yeah. I just wonder who came up with that list in the first place. Well, but that's, there's a difference between me saying something wrong on your podcast and millions of people repeating a thing that they heard about Carrot Top.


You know what I'm saying? Like, I just, I don't understand how that becomes a, a reputation. And now this guy lives in some world where he goes, everyone hates me. And even family guy's shitting on me. I don't deserve this. Well one of the things that he said that after he came on my show, he started getting a lot of love. Oh good. And he said it was way different. A lot of people That's great. The shows that had like, were fans of my show and then wanted to come see him and Yeah. Yeah. It's like he turned a corner and he should have never had to do that. I never met the guy. Right. Like I, I didn't meet him until I did a podcast with him. Mm. Yeah. So for me it was Like, It was cool to just like, just Yeah. Just chill. Have Fun with him. Like let him get out that Right. You know, When also been in He's a Comedian. Yeah. Yeah. He's a nice guy. Yeah. He's not hurting anybody.


Do your like he's a sweetheart of a guy. Right. Like I feel like what happened to more Prop comics? They All went away. We, because he's so successful. He defined prop comedy. He's like Weird Al. Yeah. You don't see parody music anymore. Right. Weird owls goes, I got 50 albums. Who's next? You don't See anybody Smashing Watermelons gala? Who did it? He did it. And that's the only one. Yeah. Well I guess Bo Burnham does musical parody, but it's not the same. Sure. He does it but he, it's started not the same but started on YouTube. Right. Yeah. It wasn like how he Started. But it isn't like he doesn't take a song. You know how like weirdo would take Michael Jackson's song? Right. So you knew the song and then you'd repeat I'm Fat. Yeah. Yeah. Which is great. Yeah. I loved weirdo it Wasn haven't thought about him in a long time. Oh, But like you but Prop Comics, it's over.


It's it like puppet comics. They, they went away. You have Jeff Dunham and that's it. What was the guy? I know you'll know this. Otto and George Otto. I didn't have to, he was the best. Say it so funny. Oh my God. Dirty. I used to work with Otto Ventriloquist. We used to do these prom shows at Dangerfield. So when I first moved to New York City, Dangerfield was one of the clubs that I worked at the most. 'cause it was like, first of all, I couldn't believe it was Rodney Dangerfield's Club. And they actually filmed one of Dangerfield's specials there. And So you were like a fan of Dangerfield. Oh, huge fan. And we do these prom shows and the prom shows would start like 7:00 PM or whatever it was. And they would go on until four o'clock in the fucking morning. And it was kids like from the Bronx and Staten Island.


They'd come in on buses and limos and they'd all be drunk. Oh yeah. And they would fill up these fucking little clubs with these kids and then just want you to do the same material the next show so the kids leave. Oh. So they never had the kids leave. So they would tell you, Hey, you gotta stop doing new material, do the same material every time. I'm like, I'm not doing the same material. Why you? I'm not gonna bomb. Yeah. Yeah. I go, I'm here to do my set. Gotta crush. You can't tell me what to do. You've got me here for five sets. If you got five. If I look in that same drunk kid is in the front row. Yeah. I'm gonna do a new set. Yeah, that's great. You know I have another 10 minutes trying to grow. Yeah, yeah. I mean it was fucking ridiculous. But the shows would go on forever and ever. And I did a bunch of 'em with Otto.


Oh Wow. Oh my God. Oh, I'm so jealous to hear that because I, I, do you think that the internet has a lot of auto In George? There's a, like you could find stuff Because You had to see him live 'cause you couldn't believe what the fuck he would amazing. Say he was so wild. Yeah. He would say the fucking craziest shit. And then he would say to the, the puppet, I, George, what the fuck are you saying? Don't say that. Can't you talk Like that? Yeah. Which is great. You got it out, but it's your hand. That's the Oh, here we go. Yeah. There it's so funny. Dirtiest dozen in 1988. I Love it. I love it. This is is on the internet. Yes. I'm fucking uncomfortable here. You gotta take a shit and everything. Sorry. I had a ride here in the trunk of the car. It sucked. It was boring.


I turtle waxed my dick. I was so fucking bored in there. Johnson's Turtle wax three coats. I wanna see the water jumping off of it. That's right. I got a wooden cock. I I'm circumcised with a pencil shop in it. At least I stay hard when I'm drunk. Laugh it up Your fucking hard ons. George. Please watch it. There are ladies here. There's ladies here. Blowjob Blow. Dean Slurpee. Check it out Is like a star to me. Who saw this movie. He goes down, my girlfriend gave me skull last night. She did a good job when she was done.


My cock looked like a totem pole in her face. Looked like a glazed donut. Alright. I just love the idea. It wasn like the premise is preposterous. But you had to see him live If you saw him live and you were in the room with, it was so fun. Oh and that in that, that's been like, I know everyone talks about blowjobs now, but like back at the time that's pretty like edgy stuff. Gy this is 88, right? Yeah. So he was a kind of a wild dude and You know, unfortunately that kind of cost him a lot of substances. Oh, I wild that way. Yeah. Well yeah. A little off the rails. A little crazy. We had a guy, a couple of guys who these knuckleheads who lived in Seattle, but we looked up to him 'cause anyone it wasn, You know, any, anyone was like an older brother or somebody in comedy was a big deal to us.


And they did a thing called Ro Robo. And he had his own MySpace page and everything. And it was just this terrible robot. It was a trashcan that they just put a box head on and the, they had like two button, Like It was on a race car kind of thing. So it, it could only spin and the eyes would light up and then when you hit like a thing, it would make his mouth make a little line of lights. And the guy would just be in the back. A comedian would be in the back reading his jokes off the notepad. Oh here it is. Robo. And the jokes were just so funny. His head would fall off sometimes, but he'd be like, why do women wear makeup in perfume? Because they're ugly and they stink. And then he would like spin around, Lemme hear some of It.


The bathroom to take a leak. I been need to get that big. I can't understand it. Someone In there offered me some cocaine. I said, no thanks, I'm already wired. Get it. Just terrible shit. But like yeah, you would just be like, why do women get their periods? 'cause they deserve it. And then all you'd like spin around and people would leave. I mean, it's an open mic. It was not like, at least Autumn George had like a sold out. This would be two guys just drunkenly having a good time with terrible jokes and putting it on the robot. Which is, That's honestly a really good idea. So funny. Well, it's Cool Because you can get that robot to say things just like you can get South Park to say things.


Yeah. Because they're not real people. It's not me In the back of the microphone. It's the robot. Yeah. Yeah. It's Carmen. Right. It's so fun. It's Not even a human. It's a big round thing. He said one time they got booked too, like, or actual, like the first time someone tried to book them like, Hey Rob o we would love to have you at our venue. It's like, no, it's robo. Like it's not Like, It might have been an automated thing or something, but they thought it was so funny that someone tried to book them off of a video like that. That's Hilarious. I love that kinda stuff though. Well, somebody probably thought it wasn a real act. Yeah. You could take it somewhere. I love it. You probably could have. I mean, someone could easily do that. Yeah. I mean, how hard is it to do? It's so funny. Have you seen that Comedian on Kill Tony? What is this gentleman's name that has, he has some sort of a neurological condition where he can't talk.


So he, he has a Bluetooth speaker. Oh yeah, he Does his jokes. I th I I haven't seen him on Kill Tony, but he's at the QS Comedy Club in like two Weeks. Oh, that's right. He In the calendar. It's Aaron Les Aaron Bele. Yeah. He's a very nice guy. Funny too. Yeah. I, yeah, I know. I've seen this guy on AG GT or something. Right, Right. That's what it was. It was on America's Got Talent. Yeah, I've seen him. I I almost did a thing after him. I had to follow him somewhere. I can't remember who it was. And Oh. But it was for like Louis J Gun. It was one of these shows where being mean is like, okay. You know, You know, they were Like It encouraged. Yeah, it were encouraged. And it was like, Lewis Jay's like, you gotta tell your most fucked up joke first and then try to get out of the hole. And in my mind I'm like, this sounds like a nightmare.


It wasn. But they tell us us to do that. It wasn the rule. Yeah. And every comic made the same mistake where we, where we came out and went. We tried to get a, You know, we, You know, comics, we tried to play, we try to get around the rules a little bit. I was going, he told us we had to say the most fucked up joke first. So we all did that kind of buffer. So it just didn't work for any of us. But that guy was before me. And So I thought about just recording into my phone like a thing and acting like I'm him as like my first thing. And I was like, this isn't gonna go over well, I'm just gonna Yeah. Yeah. You and that's, no one's gonna be on your side. Right. So, but I was like, I I you get a little more brave kind Of balls that guy's incredible balls to do that, but can barely walk, You know, can't move his arms. Well, Playing your hand. Yeah, he's playing his Hand.


He's playing his hand. He's been dealt That. Yeah. And he's making the fucking best of his. He headlining the key west. A hundred percent. Yeah. I love it. That's it. That's a great example. Yeah. Playing your hands. Yeah, he, he didn't go, oh, this is bullshit. Send me money, dude. I have To piss so bad. What's up? I have to piss so bad. All right, should we wrap this up? Yeah, let's do it. Dude. Last Cowboy. Yes. Last Cowboy in LA comes out today. It Oh, alright. It's out today, right? This comes out tomorrow. Where Can people see it? Yeah. Yeah. So it comes out today when you're, if you're hearing this, it's on 800 pound Gorilla is the name of the production company. So like, just go to YouTube. So I search Jeff Dye last cowboy in LA You can find it. Hopefully You can search it. Yeah. Hopefully. You know, YouTube doesn't. I know. Well fuck your algorithm. We'll see After some of this stuff. My Trump interview.


Oh yeah. Let's, can we watch this? Is that be all right? It's that. I Mean it technically hasn't premiered yet. It'll premier. I know, but this is a little, this little trailer. Trailer. Can we watch the trailer? Is that all right? Yeah, Sure. Yeah. Let's watch the trailer and we'll wrap this up. Let's it everybody go see it. I at Rock bottom in Hollywood, California. That is a bad place for rock bottom. 'cause everyone is mean to you there in Hollywood. Everyone my entire career, everybody in Hollywood's been like, you're not even famous. I've never heard of you. You're not famous. You're not even famous. You're not famous. I have never heard of you. You're not famous. You're not even famous. Right. And then I have one bad day and it's like famous comedian Crash. His car fights cop. Oh my God. Dammit. Where'd you film this? It is a lot for Smooth Nashville. Yes, yes.


Also, I, I, if I'm honest, I actually like trans women better than I like regular women. I do. Have you ever talked to a trans woman? They're great. They're like dudes. Just raw dog in life. You know, you Don, Was this at Zanies? No Music venue. Google Doc. This is brave what I'm doing right now. Hit them with the poetry. Like no, I like her. She likes naughty words. You know what I mean? Probably not a smart subject to do on my first special, but You know, Just started cancer. Alright. Last cowboy. Last cowboy. Check out. Thanks brother. It wasn. Thanks for having me on, man. Appreciate you. My pleasure. Bye everybody.