
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. What up? Well, brother, Good to see you Again. Good to see you. So this conversation was, well, anytime you wanna come on, I'm always happy to talk to you. But this conversation was birthed out of that crazy conversation we had in Elk hunting camp. Which one? Well, yeah, we had a, we had a quite a few of them where you just, you will open up my eyes to some of these. First of all, I never understood the extent of the man fuckery in Afghanistan. Oh, yeah.


When we were talking, remember we were hanging out in front of the trucks. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you were telling me about mumbles. Yeah, There's a few conversations I've had with friends that for the rest of my life now things are different. Like now I look at, I'm like, that one conversation, that one hour conversation we had, like, okay, the world's different now. I, You know, I always assume people have heard these stories from Afghanistan. Cheers. Cheers. You gotta drink that. You have Cheers. Sorry. You can't Cheers with alcohol. Yeah. Buffalo Trace. So yeah, it, the amount of man on man buggery in Afghanistan is significant.


And Did they warn you about it before you went over there? No. No. I think there was so many different things about both Iraq and Afghanistan that the learning curve for all of us was so high. Culturally, you don't think about a lot of those things. You just don't, you just, You know, you grow up in America, Right? You assume everybody, every man is basically like an American male, because that's at 26 or, You know, 27 years old. You know that there are cultural differences for sure. But I'm telling you, I was in Kuwait for like, the first time early on, and the Kuwaits like to hold hands, like the, the dudes like to hold hands.


And that's not comfortable. Like, for isn't for guys isn't weird. Isn't that weird though? Because we do shake hands. Yeah. You know what I mean? But you don't walk around. I know. Holding another man's hand. It's just not comfortable in any scenario. But Imagine trying to explain that to someone who didn't understand, like, what makes it gay. Like at what point in time does like holding onto a hand, does it get, You know, like there's like a meter, like you could kind of like hold onto a hot potato for a couple seconds and then it'll burn your hand after A certain point you're walking around holding another man's hand and you've never really done it probably since you were a kid. Maybe holding your dad's hand when you're like three or four years old. And in special forces they tell you, You know, you have to work with the cultural differences.


And they're just talking in generals, right? Like these are, they're not specific because they don't know where you're going. And you're gonna have to, to work by with and through the host indigenous force. So you have to accept some of the things that, the cultural differences and just go with the flow, right? So as a new Green Beret, I, You know, as You know, SF guys, you're just walking around holding another man's hand. You're so freaked out about it. You're like, Oh man, oh man. You know, like, what the, what the fuck does this mean? Like, You know, you're questioning your, all your reality like, oh my God, You know, like, and, and then after a few years, You know, time and repetition and war, whatever, somebody goes to hold your hand and you're like, get the fuck away from me.


I'm not, I'm not doing that, bro. Come on. No, I'm not doing that. Yeah. So you gave up after a while. Oh yeah. There's a lot of things you give up, right? You're, you're taught in sf drink the tea, eat the food, You know? Yeah. Do everything that ass they do as yeah, just completely assimilate. And honestly, like a lot of that is really good Because it does teach you to be a lot more open as far as listening to what they're going through from their tribal p flights. Like what are they going through from a combat experience? What do they need? And you want, and you want to build rapport, that's what you want to do. And, but rep after rep in a war zone, you kind of get fatigued with that.


And then you're like, yeah, let's just get to the dirt here, man. Right? Like, who do we want to kill? Like let's, let's get to that and Got it. You don't like that tribe? We don't like that tribe. We don't like this. You don't like that? Cool. Okay, so I'm not gonna eat with you because every time I eat with you, I can't shit for like a normal shit for like a year. So we're just gonna not do any of that. And you were, tell me, You literally didn't shit anything but diarrhea for you said more than a year, Dude. Yeah, it was years, man. I was, I was living and working with the Afghans and, and I, I went from Iraq and I did the invasion with special forces from the south.


And I did multiple rotations in Iraq, both with SF and then with the, the agency when I went over there. And then when we did the, when we shut down Iraq in 2009, I turned around and basically went to Afghanistan 2009. So I went from Iraq to Afghanistan and then I went from Afghanistan, kind of finished up my, my CIA combat I guess experience, and then went back to the states to do a training thing. But by the time I got to Afghanistan, I had lots of time in Iraq. I had like four years on the ground and Afghanistan was way different. But I was living and, and working with the Afghanis, I was eating with them.


And your job is to not only train assistant, advise, build rapport, but you're trying to figure it out. So you need to be on the ground with them living, eating, breathing, sleeping, like the whole thing. And they're what we call the chow hall facilities aren't the cleanliest. You're trying, like you're working with them, You know, you institute different things like soap and water is like a good thing And it doesn't really matter. You're still gonna get sick based on, You know, the water. Where is it coming from, where, what type of well source. Like there's, there's lots of different variables obviously.


But dude, I, I didn't have a solid shit for two years And it was just kind of got normalized to the point where, You know, you're, it's, it's such a gross thing to think about, man, you could not trust a fart ever. And I got this great, I got this great story. So I came in off the gun trucks and, and I'm tired. I'm, I'm like, went into the embassy and I had a meeting with somebody in Kabul and I had this like titanium mug. It wasn like the size of a toilet bowl and I'm filling it up with coffee. And I haven't slept for, I don't know, let's say 20 hours at a time. I'm, I'm fucking dirty and I'm filling up this, this, this coffee toilet bowl basically, 'cause I'm getting ready to go into a briefing.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin. And it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal and isolated parts of America. And 1857, this is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks us based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals. With LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. E terms apply


And I let out a fart And it wasn't a fart. And, and the dude behind me was like, I didn't even turn around dude. I, I knew there was somebody waiting for me and I shit my pants and I didn't even turn around, didn't even blink an eye. Didn't even like lift up the handle 'cause it was just normalized. And he goes, did you shit your pants? And I was like, yeah. And I just turned around and walked off. It was Like, It was the deputy ambassador or So it was Like, It was like the ambassador, right? And I'm just like, whatever dude I got, I got shit to do. I'm outta here. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's to the point of which I had a permanent stain in like my combat, my, my fatigues, right?


That's just so bad. But I was like, You know what, man? You got shit to do. Like Yeah. People adapt. You don't, you don't sweat. Little things like that. And honestly, you're just trying to like get through your, you're trying to get through any and all things. And it's not like we were entrenched warfare or anything like that. It's just like, dude, I had shit to do. I had people to train. We were going out and I couldn't let that, like, you can't pull over if you're, you can at times that there are just times where you just, you just can't. So you just gotta keep moving And it sucks. It's like the less glamorous side. I don't know if like, there's a lot of, lot of books out there telling all the cool stories about that, You know?


I Mean, so when did you find out about the buggery? Was it something that you need to lie? Yeah, It was, So it started in Kuwait and I had a, I had a Arabic linguist and he was a younger kid, You know, he was blonde hair, blue eyes. He, he's a Mormon kid and he literally joined the army at 18, You know, two years later after going to the Defensive Language Institute in Monterey, California, you come out and you're speaking Arabic basically. And young kid, blonde hair, blue eyes, good Mormon kid comes out and he's with us.


And the Kuwaiti's kept talking about how they want to take him camping. And we're like, why do you want to take that dude camping? Like, what's so special about that guy? You know? And you're like, after a while you realize like, that's not what they wanted to do. Right. They were like talking about it. Yeah. Like either a joking way or a serious way. But that's the first exposure. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And then Did it take you a while to figure that out? Yeah. Yeah. Because you're so naive. Like, dude, I'm like, I'm 26 years old. Like, I don't fucking know. I don't, I don't think this is a thing. I, I, I grew up in Idaho, like I know, yeah, it exists, but I'm so, You know, Blythe fully like moving through the world, like thinking everybody's an an American male, right?


Right. Like, You know, this is weird. And then, You know, you go to Iraq or I went, You know, I went to Iraq and multiple, multiple rotations over there. And you start to assimilate with you the Iraqis you're either working with or you're training with. And then it kind of starts to, to to fall apart where it's like, oh, this is somewhat normal for them now they don't talk about it. And I'm not saying it's like everyone, by the way, I'm saying like it's, it's at least relevant enough culturally where it's somewhat normalized and not talked about. It's Very strange. Is this, is it similar in Kuwait as Afghanistan?


Or do they vary? Iraq is different. Yeah, They're all a little bit different. I mean, the Afghanis we had to have, depending on where we were in their barracks living situation, like you had to put really hard restrictions, like, You know, no butt fucking guys for the majority of this because this is a health issue. We weren't like, it's not like we were, we were putting Bibles on their beds or something, right? We're just saying, Hey, this is really unhealthy. You guys are gonna spread a bunch of different diseases to one another. And like, we've got a mission to, to accomplish here. And every SF guy, every guy that's like been in Afghanistan knows what man love Thursday is.


And it's kind of a, it's kind of a thing that they do. Is it just Thursday or is it it's that's just a thing. It's just a thing to say. Yeah. Yeah. But it's just they fuck each other. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They Like It. And so there's the kid with the blue eyes and after a while you're like, Hey, they don't really want to camp with him. They're trying to fuck this guy. Yeah, exactly. And then you start thinking like, Hey, how much of this is going on? Yeah. Yeah. That's, It's, it's exactly right. Yeah. And wow. And then you're, as you're exposed to, not more of it Because you don't really see it, you hear about it. So as you build rapport and build confidence in your friendships and people will start to talk about, but it, it is fairly pervasive.


And I, it's, it's one of those things that you just kind of accept that that's happening from a good portion, a good portion of the guys and 50%, 60%. Well what, what we talked about like kind of rewinding, it's, it's the, the more disturbing factor is, is it's, it's socially indoctrinated in the children, like the sexual exploitation of children. So it starts early and then it moves into the adulthood. Bacha Bai is a, a real thing. And You know, it's dressing boys to look like girls.


And they have some Afghanis, when I say some, I don't know how pervasive it is, but it's very, it's, it's a big percentage and the adult male stuff that's like one subsegment of their culture, but it's the sexual exploitation of children that when you find that out, that's when things really turn for you. Psychologically you're like, this, this place is really fucked. Yeah. And it's, and it's very pervasive. It's, it's very, it's, it's a, it's it, You know, if you go back and you read the Kite Runner, when I read the Kite Runner when I was in Afghanistan, I realized that, You know, it's not only the story about this kid, it's also the story of Afghanistan.


It's very, very, those stories run parallel because children are sexually exploited regularly. And it's mainly the boys from what I understand, to the point of which I was driving out, out on this op, I guess from cobble to Jalalabad. And when I first got to Afghanistan, I used to see these truck drivers and I thought, You know, my dad was a truck driver. It's really cool. These truck drivers take their sons out with 'em on the road. That's such a really cool cultural thing. And my interpreter turned to me. He is like, those aren't their kids, dude.


That's how fucking horrible. It's, It's so horrible that they're on display. Yes, they're on parade even. Yeah, you were saying the guys would parade around their Har 'em Kandahar and different areas. They'll, they'll have parades and they're on display as to this is my harem and they're proud of it. And it wasn one of the most disturbing things that we would talk about specifically between like the departments between department of state, CIA and the militaries. Like when you're out with the guys from a, a tactical and combat role, you see them and you interact with the way they are from a tactical level every day.


And you'd bring this up to management and they would say, ah, that doesn't, what do you mean that doesn't happen? That doesn't happen. Or they pretend it doesn't happen. But if you were on the ground in Afghanistan during the times I was there, honestly from, You know, 2001 we'll say to the time that we pulled out, everybody uniformly would agree with what I'm saying. I I i if you, if you spent some time in Afghanistan, you knew it wasn happening. Jesus Christ. And did you See these parades? No. No. We, but National Geographic, I believe did an article on it several years ago since Yeah. Bacha, I I could be getting the pronunciation a little bit off, but it turns for you emotionally and psychologically.


'cause you're like, okay, now, now I've got some hate. Right, right. Yeah. Made my my makes your job a little bit easier, right? Yeah, yeah. Makes your job a little bit easier. Yeah. It also makes it harder for you not to want to change the entire government system where you, you want to completely, You know, rewrite the entire DNA of the cultural infrastructure. Right. Because it's sad and it's, it it's evil and it's all of these like really horrible things. So as much as you want to help the Afghans and their plight Yeah, there you go.


Inside the lives of girls dressed as boys in Afghanistan, the cultural practice of bcha Bcha posh, that's a, I think that's the flip, that's the reverse. Encourages parents dress their daughters as sons for a better future, but often it only makes life harder. That's A different, so it's boys as Dressed as Oh, so that's the opposite. That's the opposite. Yeah. Girls dress as boys, so this is a different thing. Yeah. Why do they do that? What's that about? Girls dressed as boys? Well, I think because, well one, there's, there's a very low education rate. And when I come back to Afghani Oh, so you get the kids educated, if they presented boys, Women are, are really seen as in Afghanistan.


I'm, I'm generalizing right? I'm, I'm, I'm taking really big right. Swaths of the Afghan culture. So I know this isn't every Afghan, I've got lots of different Afghan friends and I've hired a lot of Afghans. This isn't everybody with Are, this is the Dancing Boys of Afghanistan. Go back up again, show what's going on. These guys are throwing money. Yes. At this dancing boy, back that up, Jamie. Yeah, it was, I just clicked Somewhere random kind of trying To get back to, oh, what the fuck, man. Yes. So those, but those are like little boys and they were dancing like strippers and these guys are throwing dollars at them. Yes. Yep. Oh my God, this is so crazy.


And they're younger, so they go much younger. This is the, like, this is the thing that people didn't want to talk about in Afghanistan that we talked about regularly, which was these are very, what we feel are distinctly wrong. These are very wrong things from a, a, a American support, tactical and strategic intervention. Like, we should not encourage this whatsoever. And it made it very difficult at times for us to trust with the State Department or somebody else was saying. But I mean, this, this goes back to, You know, Iraq and honestly trust in policy makers and the state department and their, their entire, You know, position either politically, philosophically, it's, it's just fundamentally flawed.


It should. So when you're hearing about this, and the, the, one of the things about child molesting is that if these kids are growing up in this culture where they're going to be an adult and they're gonna do that to kids as well, which has probably happened to all these guys, right? Right, right. Like, this is you, you're not gonna fix that with all these people alive. Like the culture gets to a point where it's so fucked that it's like, how do you, how can you ever fix that? How many generations would it take before the scars of all those people being abused, wears off and normalizes and people can be normal Again, people can be like a, what we would consider a western civiliz civilization like London or Right, or New York.


Like how the, the, what we'd feel is the morally appropriate cultural boundaries. Yeah. That's, that's like how many generations would it take? And I, there's lots of different things that you can talk about because the history of Afghanistan is, You know, we'll say post eighties and Soviet intervention and then, You know, with the Taliban pushback or the mujahideen and like, they've completely destroyed the education, the progress and evolution of Afghanistan. I mean they've, they had decades of war then you had basically a, a failed state with Taliban and extremist control.


I mean, as the Taliban moved in, fundamentally, it, it's an evil organization. I went, there's a soccer field in, in Kabul where the Taliban used to stone women to death because they weren't wearing their hijab or the, the rule of a woman would be raped and she would be accused of infidelity on her husband and they would stone her, or they would beat her with a stick. And I, they turned the soccer field into a place where they could have public displays for execution. It, it was completely insane when you, when you think about it from where we're coming from and then where we're going and we're, yeah, we're trying to nation build, which I've like fundamental disagreement with that as well.


But you, you eliminated the educated portion of your population. You swung to a very extremist fear-based religion. And then it was all based on the Quran as far as their education system. So they completely separated the women away from being able to evolve. They treated them as beast of burden. You had to be an Islamic extremist to be acceptable. It was a completely hegemonic theoretical state or it hegemony as far as like, it's the theocracy ran everything.


And it was a very extremist version of Islam. And as we came in, and I wasn't there in 2001, I came there much later, came there in 2009, was my first real rotation there. It it, it had been seven years, but really it, it was almost like going back in time, almost a thousand. It felt like you're going back in time like a thousand years. That's one of the things we were talking about in camp, that when you hear about, You know, Socrates and all these ancient cultures, the Spartans, all these people that like had boys. Yes. And you, you, you see what's going on in Afghanistan, you realize like how old a culture Afghanistan is.


It's like one of the oldest civilizations in terms of like the way they behave. It's almost like they never caught up with the western world. I think it was Michael Shermer might have wrote a book a, a paper about this. He wrote an article about how Islam's the only religion that didn't go through the enlightenment and that it's essentially maintains the same values and You know, the same cultural values as when it was created. So, You know what, how old is Islam? 1600? I think it's, I think it's like 500 years past Christianity so called 1500 years, 1500 years old, whatever it is.


Like that, that's how people behaved back then. That's what it is. And when you think about like Alexander the great, Alexander the great who was gay, right? Who conquered much of Afghanistan and giant swaths of the world. He probably like his army and his behavior and what he probably stained that area with like a type of behavior. I I I think you're 100% right. I think that you had portions of the world were culturally cut off from being able to evolve at the same rate as some of the other places within the Middle East. And those tribes essentially haven't had the opportunity to evolve because they've been very isolated.


I mean, you look at Afghanistan, it's extremely isolated area of the world. And I i if you go back to the seventies, it was relatively progressive, somewhat secular. And then the Soviet intervention, the collapse, the failed state led to the rise of the Taliban because they had eviscerated all of the, the intellectual and the economic class. And in order to succeed or live there, you had to completely capitulate to the theocracy in the fascist state. So you had to go back in time to live, you had to grow a beard. I, and when I say this is it, everybody is a hundred percent no, I'm saying like, this is the way people live.


They lived under tyrannical rules that provided zero opportunity for, You know, if you had girls, sorry, their piece of burden. They treat goats and donkeys better than their girls, their children. The homelessness of children in a war zone is so heartbreaking. Like It is, it, it strips away at the goodness in your soul watching desperation. And when you see homeless children every day in these cities that are dirty, starving.


And there's really not a lot you can do because, You know, you have a war, you have a war fight, and you not only think about it from the homelessness position, you think about the exploitation position. Like, these kids are so fucked. They're homeless. They don't have parents because maybe their father's were, they're, You know, killed in the war. Their mothers can't, they they can't afford to keep them. And they continue to have more kids. And especially if they've been raped, then there's a cycle of not only exploitation and violence, but then it's also, it, it it keeps them down economically.


So you have massive amounts of children that were homeless and exploited and they're starving. And it's, you, you, You know, you from my perspective, when you live in that environment and You can't think about it, like you have to shut that stuff out. 'cause If you think about it, it's like opening the door of the submarine. All the water's Coming in, all the water's coming in, And it's gonna fucking sink you. So you have to, you have to build a, for a lack of a better term man, you have to build a house on your soul.


Oof. 'cause you can't function and meet and exceed your mission success criteria if you're going to, if, if, if you get steamrolled by depression on what you're seeing every day. Oh my god. Time and repetition, which is one of the big problems I think with the GWA community, at least what we've had in the last 20 years. I mean, there's lots of different compounding factors that I think contribute to the acceleration of veteran suicide, which I, I, I don't wanna like launch into some like, rant about the issues that we're, I think we're, we're all faced. But it's, it's definitely something that I'm extremely passionate about.


Yeah, I'm really hoping, we've talked about this a bunch of times in this podcast, but I'm really hoping that something's gonna change with RFK and about psychedelics and veterans. I really, really am hoping that they open their eyes to this stuff. Well, like I was talking to Marcus Capone and he runs vats, which, he's the guy, his organization is the organization that takes the guys to Mexico to do Iboga. And Marcus is a retired seal. I was talking to him yesterday actually. And we, I I, I'll Gopuff on this, which is, You know, we as a subculture from the, the global war on terror community, the veterans were under an epidemic of suicide and depression.


And the VA has not been a help to us. Like, especially the war fighters, like the guys that are, we have rogered up time and time and time again. We've gone overseas, we've done the bidding for the country. We've watched our friends get killed and fucking torn in half in like very ultra violent ways. We've been exposed to over pressure and chemicals and all these other things. And then we come back and within the VA system, their answer is, here's your pills, here's your retirement. Shut the fuck up. And it's not working. You know, Marcus and I were talking about this yesterday. He was on antidepressants for seven years.


Seven years, like antidepressants. They weren't working and he just by chance, his wife, I believe said this might work. We needed to go to, we need to go to Mexico and do Iboga. This might work. So here's a guy that went, did it one time. He's never been on antidepressant since. Did he have to get off him before he went there and did it? No, I, I I, I don't know exactly what the protocol is as far as like you have to get off and then you have to get back down there. I know that most of my friend group now, they've, they've done it and they have an extremely high success rate.


You know, vets has done a thousand former war fighters and they have an extremely high success rate where they're eliminating pharmaceuticals. So they'll go down, they'll do it one time, maybe they've done, You know, subsequent sessions and they have this really high success rate and this is part better than anything. Yes. This is part of the issue Yeah. Is we're under an epidemic of veteran suicide, like more so than we ever have. And the worst thing about this too is it's also affecting our family and our kids, like our kids are four times higher to commit suicide than our peer set. So it's not just, it's not just the g watt veteran community.


Now it's our families in our and our children. You have something that has such a proven track record to help heal vets. And we can't do it without breaking the law. We have to leave the country. It's insane. So you can send me to Iraq under false pretenses and You know, you can have Wolfowitz and Cheney and Rumsfeld and all these, this like orchestra of fucking idiots can send us all to Iraq with for weapons and mass destruction. We can go fight the wars, come back and now we have to break the law to go fix what's wrong with our, our heads or, You know, our emotions.


Our, our our not only our psychology, but dude, we're broken. Like we've been beat up and kind of shoved in a closet and then were sedated and told to shut, shut the fuck up. And meanwhile, You know, Wolfowitz and Bremmer and all these other guys, they get to walk around and provide, You know, public speeches about how fucking great they are because they're, You know, strategically important. Whereas my peer set we're under an epidemic of suicide. Our kids are committing suicide. The the VA's no help to us and we have to go break the law. It's like you get to go flip a fucking coin and paint some paintings and you think that everything's okay And that one doesn't make any sense.


No. Out of all the ones that's one that mushrooms you can do recreationally. No one's doing recreational ibogaine. No, I've never done it before. Have you done it? No. Uhuh I've never done it. But everybody that I've talked to that they said it is one of the most like ruthlessly introspective journeys in your life. You don't, it's not fun at all. Dakota Meyer told me he is like, I fucking hated it. I couldn't believe someone made me do it after it was over. I was like, what the fuck am I doing? It's not a fun time. It's not a recreational drug. It's not a drug of addiction. It's not a drug of dying. It's not What's the l Let's find out what the LD 50 rate is for Ibogaine. It's probably bananas. It's probably just like psilocybin probably can't really overdose on it.


No, I don't know that. I don't know. Ibogaine might kill you. It sounds really crazy potent. Most of my, my close friends of Donny, they're ayahuasca or ibogaine, neither of which they would say is a good time. All of which have said all of which 100%. And they've come back and been not only fundamentally changed, but better. And these are, You know, my business partner Jared Taylor, he's gone and done ibogaine and, and then multiple other people that probably don't want me to talk about them on the podcast. Guys that have been on 15, 20 different pharmaceuticals can literally scrape them off their dresser into a garbage can the day they get back crazy.


And the fact that we aren't trying to evolve this section of the medicine. I know that Stanford did a study, I'm not exactly familiar with all the data associated with it, but the, the fact that we aren't leading the charge as a country to come up with dynamic outta the box solutions for the guys that have gone overseas and, You know, done the, the hard and courageous task for this country. And then they come back and they can't get help and we're not pushing the envelope. Right. That's a crime. I mean, it's a crime. I've got lots, I've got lots of issues with, You know, Iraq at this point, right?


I mean it's fundamentally, and I've told this to people like Iraq is with me every day, right? Afghanistan was, was a part of my life, but Iraq fundamentally changed me for the rest of my life. And I think about it every day. It's not going away. It'll never go away. And What about Iraq? It wasn much different than Afghanistan that changed you? Well, it's the first war experience I had. And You know, for me I was like, hook line and sinker regime change. You know, move. We've, we've gotta find weapons, mass destruction, we've gotta eliminate the threat.


We gotta fight 'em there so we don't have to fight 'em here. Everybody thought it was real. Hell yeah. Yeah. I mean, there was nobody more motivated to go to war than, than me, You know? Yeah. I mean, I'm sure there was, but You know what I'm saying? You were in that group, you were gung-ho. Oh, a hundred percent. It's not only, Hey, we're gonna go to war. We're gonna do something good for America. These guys attacked the United States. We're, we're going to eliminate the terrorist threat. And, You know, war is a, is a such a strange and surreal circumstance Because it changes you for good, it changes you for the bad. And I've looked at this a lot and I looked at like life experience, like a a, a radio wave, almost like a band where you have highs, you have lows.


And most people we will, we will call it 90 plus percent of the United States, their, their frequency only gets so high And it only gets so low. And it basically stays within, we'll say a fairly small band within the center combat. What happens is you go really high and you go really low And it forces you outside of social norms on a second to second basis. And then you do that over and over and over again. And so one person might get in a car wreck in their life and that goes really low. So it's a really high adrenaline dump And it goes really low because they have an injury. That's like one thing. Well, going out in a combat zone multiple night, like not only multiple nights a week, sometimes you're doing multiple targets a night you might go on, you might be getting an what with the rough equivalent of an adrenaline car wreck.


What the rough equivalent of a car wreck from an adrenaline dump and a high and a low, you might doing that three or four times a night, and then you're doing that night after night, week after week. And it fundamentally changes you Because you have to chop all of this down because if you get too ramped up and too chaotic, you're gonna lose control and you won't be able to complete your mission criteria. If you get too low, you also won't be able to achieve your mission criteria. Your survival instincts kick down. So it chops your ability to feel all the way down to a normal person's bandwidth because it's a survival mechanism.


And this is just my own assessment. So from a combat experience perspective, the first time you feel it, and I'll tell you, I mean, the first time I was in an ambush, I was losing my shit. I mean, anybody that tells you they're not fucking scared. They're either like fundamentally flawed, they're like Travis past, he doesn't have like a fear portion of his brain or they're just lying. Like you're scared outta your fucking mind, like going north, like driving north into Iraq, you're, you're looking into the deep dark abyss of the unknown and you're like, what the fuck?


Am I gonna be a coward? You know? Am I gonna live, am I gonna die? I mean, our casualty, projected casualty rates was that we were gonna lose most of our ODA. So you're, you're stepping into a situation where you're going, okay, well I know out of this six shooter that I'm gonna play Russian roulette with, there are four bullets in this. Oh my God. And you're driving north going, okay, let's fucking do it. So you've already capitulated and given yourself up to die, which is, it's actually a, a very cathartic, and I think personally an experience that you can evolve from because at that point, if you're dead, you can live uninhibited.


Like everything I do from this point forward, this is gravy on the, on the, on the stake, man, I'm already dead. Right? I was driving north in, in Iraq and I like through like the desert and, and my best friend and I are are like driving north and, and you have like hours to stare off into the fucking sand. You know, you're, you're, you've got night vision goggles or whatever. I had a whole fictionalized funeral for myself. I just fucking, what else am I gonna do? Right? Right. You're just like driving north, You know, and there's nothing going on. So I had a whole fictionalized funeral. I buried myself and So I was already dead, or at least I felt like that.


And then we get in her first engagement and the world starts cracking apart and your mind can't keep up to what, what's actually happening. You, you'll hear the gunfire and You know, I felt, I felt the explosion. I looked in the rear view mirror of the Humvee, which sounds crazy. I looked in the rear view mirror and I saw this like car sized chunk of fire flying behind the vehicle. Like so distinctly remember this. And I'm turning my, my, my team leader and I'm like, we gotta get the fuck outta here. You know, I'm like losing it, right? It wasn so stupid.


It wasn so stupid. We gotta get the fuck outta here. You know, I'm losing it, dude. I'm just fucking losing it. And he is like, and he's cool, man. He is like calm, cool. He is on the radio, You know, he is like, You know, vehicle one, You know, or vehicle three, this is vehicle one, vehicle three, this is vehicle one. And we're checking to see if we have comms between us and the other vehicles. And I'm fucking losing it. I'm like, why get the fuck outta here? You know? I was like, okay. Because I mean, You know, you're used to like watching movies or whatever, and it's the first time anything like this has ever happened, right? And, and at this point, You know, the full insurgency hasn't kicked off that we are hunting Fein.


These guys weren't the most sophisticated cats on the planet. They, they weren't that good. So, but we end up pushing through and then consolidating at the end of this. And fundamentally, this, this like changed my tactical experience in combat forever because my team leader, who I respect and love, he was killed two years later. He's one of my best friends, was my best friend. He turns to me and he goes, Hey man, if you don't have a solution to the problem, just shut the fuck up. That's great advice. I know, that's great advice across the board.


Yeah. And I was like, okay, Roger that, You know, I was like, okay, fucking roger that man. And then it became a practice discipline when shit's going super sideways and, You know, bullets And it, when bullets are lying, I, I, I hate sounding like that. I, I don't wanna say, I don't wanna sound like that at all, But that's what it is, Dude. You, you keep your shit together. And then I became, by the time I, my, my last ambush in Iraq I was in was my, I, So I book, I'll bookend this experience with a ambushes.


I was in Missoula, I was in a, a little BMW trying to work my way. And I was, I was working a, it was basically a low, like you're, you're trying to fly under the radar, you're low ve CIA at this point. So we're trying to blend in. We got hit at a checkpoint and they light us up. And so now I'm alone in a car with another guy. And the, the CIA chief and the entire Iraqi army in Missoula, Iraq is essentially pursuing us through the, from, I mean, Missoula is the size of Los Angeles. And I started at the north end of Los Angeles basically, and had to work my way to the southern end of Los Angeles being shot at.


And, and I'm trying to sort through the problem, man. Like I got a fucking map sheet and you don't know, I mean, this is, this is mad Max in the fucking thunderdome. And Moo was one of the most fucked up cities in Iraq. Like, It was, it looked like going back to Stalingrad in different sections of this place. It was a complete shit show. And I'm alone with my Dr You know, the guys with, and I'm trying to navigate through the city and help the driver. We were being pursued from, from literally north to south Yeah. Being shot at. And we're going, okay. Right turn, right turn, right turn. And I mean, I have the, I have like, the dragons are at the bumper.


They're gonna fucking, they're gonna pull me outta this car and chop my fucking head off. Like they're gonna turn my car to Swiss cheese. They're gonna fucking chop my head off. I'm, I'm dead. We're dead. And I have, like I brought up, Kyle was, they were on station. We had a really good, really good relationship with these, with these guys. And I was like, Hey, You know, you, this is me. I'm in a, You know, black BMW like, and You know, I'm moving, You know, from north to south. And, and helicopter came back and said, oh, I know who you are. Fuck you got the, everybody following you. 'cause we, and not all the checkpoints are created equal.


And for whatever reason, they decided they were gonna kill us that day. And I mean, you don't have time. You're not gonna sit around and be like, why do you guys wanna kill us? Well, we're just good guys. You know, you're just gonna keep moving. I had to work my way all the way south to a bridge. And I had like one last, one last fucking hail Mary man. Like, we had to get across a, we had to get across a bridge into a place called Diamondback. And I didn't have a QRF because they couldn't pin us down a, a quick reaction force. And like the Kai was like, they, they saved our life. 'cause they had, they had the roads blocked off on the bridge and I was basically smoking it at like a hundred fucking kilometers an hour.


And the chi was, came down and like literally dropped their fucking skids in the front of the, on the, on the front of the car and panned around like, we're gonna kill all you fuckers. Wow. And I looked over at one of the guys, I looked over and like flipped them off And it was like, you dead, You know, and then like, like parting the seas, like Moses or whatever. They moved the fucking cars and we, we drove back in and it wasn it wasn it. So book ending, my point of that conversation was I was losing my shit the first one, right. And I, I came back and I was talking to Kyle was, and they were like, bro, we didn't know how bad this was Because it sounded like you were ordering a pizza.


But everything, everything in between was like, like rep after rep after rep after rep was like, sh like, calm down, keep your shit together. And one of my really close friends, this guy Jeff Kirkham, who was my first team sergeant, like awesome fucking guy, like one of the most tactically relevant people in my life. He's like, psychology is more contagious than the flu. Ooh. So when you start losing your shit, Ooh, that's so true. It infects everybody else around you. What A great quote. And psychology Is more infectious than the flu.


That is a great quote. Yeah, man, That's so real. So real. That's so real. That's so real. It was everything, Everything, Everything. It Controlled every piece of what I would do from that point forward. Like lose your shit in a, in a gunfight and then you infect everybody else around you. Yes. Rise to the occasion, be the calm and the chaos. Become a, You know, even if you don't feel Like It, even if you're, you're wigging out, man. Like of course internally you can't, you can barely keep your shit together.


But what you do is you're like, okay, but I gotta, I, I gotta project this. Hmm. Because if I infect everybody else with my chaos, I'm injecting more chaos into the equation. And we're all, we we're all gonna run the possibility of dying because of this, because of my actions. I think that's why people gravitate towards inspirational figures is because they're trying to get some of that psychology. They're trying to get it worn off on them, You know, great quotes and great feats and fascinating people. You wanna absorb some of that psychology. That is such a great, great quote though. 'cause it's so true. If you're around someone that's freaking out, you're trying to keep your shit together, it's so hard to keep your shit together.


You, you can't. Right. But if you're around a bunch of dudes Just stoic, They're surgeons and stoic. Yeah. And they, there's no flection. What I would say is like in the time and repetition in the community, I mean, there's a default emotion that is acceptable. It's, You know, anger, right? So anger, and when I say joy, it's like joy from callous humor typically. Right? Right. But it's like you have to, everybody becomes stoic. Yeah. Nothing can phases you. And if you are a guy that is fazed, You're a Liability. You're a liability, you're gonna get chopped. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're infected.


Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So Iraq, so going back to what, what I, what I was talking about with Iraq, I'm supercharged and, You know, my reality started to kind of crumble is we met, we went up, we were on the first ODAs and we, we did this joint op with the CIA to go meet this guy Mdo Solder. This is early on, this is like March of the war. And Mdo Solder became a prominent figure later on in the, in the war. He was really relatively a, well, like not not known at all in the beginning of it.


And I was working with the, the CIA case officer at that point, not just me. It was like my entire team and McDonald's. Like he, he's a, he's a bad guy. Like he's just a real piece of shit. And at that point in on was this town and we went out, did a meeting with him, and we came back and all of us on the military paramilitary side were like, this guy needs to dive. Like we need to actually go and he has a small armed force. He's basically gonna be the instrument of the Iranians. And we're having this big debate in the team room and everybody that carried a gun, like we speak, we speak animal kingdom, we know when there's a threat.


And then we have this case officer who's like a, You know, adjunct professor at fucking Georgetown. The guy didn't know his ass from a hole in the ground. And we're like, this guy needs to die. We need to go like, get on him now. And case officer was like, no, he's gonna work with us. You know, and we're like, they wanted him to be an asset. Yeah. We're like, this guy is a fucking stupid. Like, this guy's a, he's a Shia, supposedly Shia cleric, You know, if You know that Iraq, you got 60% of the country, Shia, it's typically gonna answer to Iran. You've got 15, 20% is up north, it's the Kurds. And then you've got the rest of the Sunni.


And we're like, this guy's not gonna fucking work with us. I mean, this guy's a real piece of shit and he's already spinning up a militia, he's gonna be a problem. No, no, no, no. And we're like, okay, like you're the, you're the big brain on Brad, You know, you're the, you're the PhD man. Like sure. You know, so we acquiesce and years later, I don't know how many guys died going into going back into Nja trying to find this fucking guy, I dunno how many, I mean, it was a whole basically surge push of probably a division to try to go find this guy.


But we had the opportunity to kill him right there. Like literally we could have, like, he had less than 40 guys in the compound. We could have like gone out and got him right. Like that night. And, and then it became a problem. And not only did it become a problem, it was like the, the, the decision makers were so poor at that point in the ear, early in the war, it started to really affect me in the sense of like, I, I was still bought and sold, but I started to really think these guys might not know what the fuck they're doing when it was like Wolfowitz and Rumsfeld and Brennan when they deified Iraq.


So after we invaded, they, they did this thing called deification, which was basically they fired the military and everybody, it wasn involved in the bath party. And we're, we once again, we're in the team room and we're watching CNN and it's Rumsfeld talking about we're, we're, we're Deifying Iraq, we're, we're, we're firing everybody. And I'm not exaggerating everybody in the, everybody in the team room was like, what the fuck? Like, you guys, like, you guys are, you guys are gonna create the insurgency. Like It was on the ground. That moment, that second, like, I wanted to throw, like I I, I wanted to throw a fucking brick through the tv.


Like I, I, I was like, these guys are paint by numbers, creating an insurgency. They have no fucking clue what they're doing. And it wasn like that moment, which is fairly early where I, I lost a lot of confidence in the decision makers, but okay, You know, the, an the, the question is, why'd you keep going back? Well, Because you wanna try to search for meaning and you're trying to find the, the actual purpose. Like what is the purpose? Like are there WMDs here?


Like are there, You know, like legit direct traces back to nine 11. Are there things that we're doing that are gonna directly affect and protect America? And you're kind of searching for it and not kind of, you are like, that's what you're doing. Or at least that's what I was doing. And by the time, by the time I left in 2009, I just figured I was gonna die. Like, I was like, fuck this place. Like fuck, like, like I lived Iraq, right?


And then I was like, well, I think time and repetition and thinking that you're dead for that long. And then searching for not only some, some what I would say is good and the war itself, because there is good, you have your buddies, you have the comradery, you have the adrenaline, but you also think you're gonna fucking die every day for years on end. And that's not fundamentally, it turns out it's probably not good for you psychologically, I guess. And So I went to Afghanistan thinking well, and I went to train Afghanis for a force up there.


And when I went to train those guys, it was, Hey, if I can train Afghanis to take on the war, maybe I can protect 18-year-old kids from getting their fucking legs blown off. You know, maybe I can protect the, You know, the 20-year-old kid from Nebraska from getting a, a fucking RPG stuff through their face. And I was older and I was also willing to die. So the kids, when I say the kids, You know, 18, 20 years old, like, man, it's not, You know, it's not fun to watch those. When I say that, that's an understatement.


It's so heartbreaking to watch a kid that's never been to fucking combat like die. It, it changes everything in your life. And so you go from, You know, Iraq to Afghanistan, You know, and I'm watching all this stuff unfold and there's like, there's, and I don't wanna say it's all negative because there's, there's, You know, there were things that were very positive. But I'm so jaded by the time I get there that I'm like, well, if I can save some Americans and I'll save some Americans, and You know, if not, at least this will be an interesting experience.


And then, You know, and there's a laundry list of other things that we can talk about. I, I don't wanna get so fucking down. I guess It seems like it's impossible not to, once you're going back on it and there's how could you not? And the, the overwhelming negative experiences, the overwhelming, horrific experiences. Well, I think that's where I have this massive distrust in politicians. Like they, and I think that's part of the reason they, they have, they have squandered the courage of the American servicemen in these, these forever wars that we've entered in under Lies.


So like, You know, Wolfowitz and w and Rumsfeld and, and Colin Powell. Yeah. And sorry man, I don't, I don't have any respect for those guys. Like, I don't, not only do I not have any respect for those guys, I have a, I have a profound amount of hatred for their arrogance. 'cause I'm in my twenties. I'm, I'm a, I'm not making excuses, but You know, there's plenty of guys like me that were not only hook, lane and sinker. And I still would, I'd still sign up for this country. I think service is a remarkable courage. It's courage and service back to our community is something we have to cherish like we do. But when you have an orchestra of idiots that are manipulating the courageous men and women of our country to go into these wars based on a NeoCon pipe dream and there's no consequences.


You know, you can pull out of Afghanistan and leave billions of dollars of, of equipment who the fuck got fired? But if I made a mistake, if me and my buddies made a mistake, we, we fucking, we lost our lives. We go to jail. Like we lost our clearances. And I'm not trying to sound like a whiny bitch, I'm just saying like, no consequences for these guys. Nothing, nothing, nothing. You know, they get to go paint paintings and they think it's okay. Imagine no consequences for lying about weapons of mass destruction. And it, has there ever been a large scale investigation as to what led them to either believe or to push the narrative that there was weapons of mass destruction?


Well, I think if you, you read, I mean, I, I I mean, there's, there's a lot there. I think there's a lot of, like, there's a lot of books out there, obviously, and, and whether or not you have to kind of sort through the actual documents and figure out like, where these guys were at. And I, I've spent a little bit of my life trying to understand from their perspective. And I honestly think big part of it is the guys who are making the decisions, they're hubris, they're utopian belief that they were going to be able to rebuild Iraq like Houston, You know, like, oh, it's an oil country. You know? And, You know, they really believed that if they didn't reign in this rogue nation of Iraq, that Iraq was going to eventually contribute to terrorism.


And you had guys that were so consumed with their intelligence when it flipped to not only hubris, but they didn't have wisdom. They had intelligence. The Wolfowitz is a smart guy. He's, he's not an idiot. The problem is he's not wise. These guys weren't wise men. There's a difference between having an high IQ and having the experience and repetition, seeing death and destruction, seeing people's lives fucking torn apart, and then understanding something from reading a book or thinking about it from an economics perspective. And, You know, I think Wolfowitz, Rumsfeld, Cheney, they had this belief that they could do anything.


They wanted to validate this, and they did. They had to data mine information and pull and pluck from different analysts that agreed with them. But most of the Intel community didn't agree with them. They're like, we had defeated the Iraqi army to the point, when I say defeated it, like if we go back to the nineties, we say Desert Storm was 91. And then from that point forward, you can basically say, You know, HW to Clinton administration, Clinton administration with the economic sanctions and with the integrated bombing campaigns that they had led throughout the nineties, we had essentially stuffed that guy back into a hole where the only thing he could do was sell oil in the black market.


And he had a really, he had a, he had a fascist state where he, he, he and his family had, You know, complete control out of the country, but he wasn't going to be a threat from an international terrorism perspective. That's just false. It's not only false, but it is patently false. And they had to mine the data to validate it. They had to lie, they had to sift through and find, and pick and pull the pieces of information. And they really thought this was gonna be a fucking cakewalk. They did because of Desert Storm. You think? They thought because of Desert Storm and what they, and they were listening to these assets like Tby and some of these Iraq, former Iraqi exiles, and they were listening to these guys.


We, by the way, were also manipulated by the Iranians and paid for by Iranian intel guys, or they're Iranian assets. They're listening to these people. And they were living in their own echo chambers validating this, this idea that it was better for regime change for the international, not only the international economy, but it was gonna be, You know, a a, a stable petroleum based country where we could integrate democracy. And none of these guys were abus. None of these guys actually understood the Middle East, not one, they didn't have any combat experience. They didn't really have any combat experience from the long-term low intensity conflict, gorilla warfare perspective.


They were given not only the information, but they were given a, most of the information they were given was, was saying, this is going to be much more complex than you think it's going to be. And they denied not only the opinions, but the information, and they went ahead with their fucking plans. Anyway, Rumsfeld chopped single handedly dictated how many people were gonna participate in the war. Like he was dictating how many divisions it wasn gonna take. And he's like, actually, I think you could do it for half that. Like, he was like trying to negotiate how many guys that Tommy Franks was gonna use to invade Iraq.


And Tommy Franks didn't have the balls to say, actually, I need two more divisions. So a lot of this is just like, fundamentally, these are professional politicians and bureaucrats drinking their own piss. Like I was saying earlier, You know, like you can drink your own piss once or twice before your kidneys start to shut down and it'll fucking kill you. Right? These guys are all sitting around in their echo chambers talking to the same types of people defining how they were going to send servicemen and women to Iraq. And they were wrong. Not only were they wrong, but they were told otherwise by lots of different people to include. I mean, Tony Blair had a lot of different issues with this.


Colin Powell essentially sold this and got the dominoes to fall on the entire thing because he, they knew that Colin Powell was so respected that if he sat in front of the UN with te, who was the director of the CIA, right behind him and held up this little thing of, of, You know, VX or whatever it was, that they could push it across the line from the international community. I mean, these guys were crooked, man. And it, not only were they crooked, they were so fundamentally wrong, and there's no consequences, nothing. Zero consequences. They Put Martha Stewart in jail. Yeah, Yeah. They'd go after Trump for fucking two years on, You know, Russia collusion.


And it's like you spent $7 trillion and thousands of American lives, hundreds of thousands of lives in Afghanistan and Iraq, and you're saying you're gonna put this guy through the ringer for two years because there might be some dossier it wasn paid for by the Clintons. Like, who's the criminal? And so for me, I get all wound up when it, when it comes to this, because rep after rep, year after year, my, my two closest friends in the world were, were literally one torn in half by A-A-E-F-P, which was a direct a, a Iranian manufactured shaped charge, You know?


And my other friend was turned into fucking moon dust. And I mean, these are my two closest friends in the world, like guys I grew up with in, in, in the army that I spent every fucking day with. And I, I, since then, I've had obviously more friends, but I mean, those are the two closest friends in the earliest part of the war. So I'm so directly affected by this Because it fundamentally changed who I was forever. It, it gave me a profound amount of mistrust in, in my government, You know, in the decision makers. I don't believe, I actually don't believe what they're telling me anymore.


I have a, I have a lot of skepticism when it comes to the people that are pulling the, the, the handles in government. And I have to go to my peer set. And what I told people is, man, my, my, my, my currency is courage. Right? It's like, that's what I broker in. So my friends that have gone through the G wat, which I'm extremely happy for all these GWA guys that are in, like, getting appointed to these positions. You know, you've got Pete, you've got tulsi, jd, like, they fundamentally know that what war is, and when you have decision makers that have never been to war, and their kids will never go to war, and Chaney's kids never went to war, right?


W's kids never went to war. Right? Rums like, and none of these guys, by the way, they're all Vietnam era guys. None of them went to fucking Vietnam. So it's really Easy. But You know that Trump, Trump didn't either, right? You got a bunch of deferments. But I think the difference is, is that when somebody's saying, stop the endless wars, Right? I, I am more than happy to go chips in on that narrative Yes. Than I am to go, oh, we need to invest in and put more time, money, energy into creating more chaos and destruction in the American service members' lives, or the lives of other people. Did you ever see that speech with Mike Pence and Tucker Carlson?


No. Tucker Carlson essentially ended Mike Pence's political career. Really? In one speech. Yeah. Because this was when Pence was running for president, and Tucker was sitting there with him, and Pence was talking about getting helicopters and tanks and weapons to, to Ukraine. And he was explaining how they were being incompetent because they weren't providing them with what they needed. And Tucker went on this rant, see if you can find it. It it's pro. I bet you could find it under that. Here it is. Listen to this. This is the whole thing. You just should make sure the Tucker part 'cause it's the four, it's Four minutes long.


Let me hear what he says. Just start right where your cursor is. Click where your cursor is. January. Well let somebody transfer some jets. I'm sorry, Mr. Vice President, have you, I know you're running for president. You are. Thank you. You are distress that the Ukrainians don't have enough American tanks. Every city in the United States has become much worse over the past three years. Yeah. Drive around. There's not one city that's gotten better in the United States. Right. And it's Visible. Our economy has degraded, the suicide rate has jumped. Public filth and disorder and crime have exponentially increased. And yet your concern is that the Ukrainians a country, most people can't find out a map who've received tens of billions of US tax dollars don't have enough tanks.


Right. I think it's a fair question to ask, like, where's the concern for the United States in that? Well, It's not my concern what chapter. I've heard that routine from you before, but that's not my concern. I'm running for president of the United States. 'cause I think this country's in a lot of trouble. I think Joe Biden is weakened America at home and abroad. And as president of the United States, we're gonna restore law and order in our cities. We're gonna secure our border. We're gonna get this economy moving again. And we're gonna make sure that we have men and women on our courts at every level that will stand for the right to life and defend all the God-given liberties enshrined in our constitution. Anybody that says that we can't be the leader of the free world and solve our problems at home has a pretty small view of the greatest nation on earth.


We can do both. And as president of the United States, we will secure our border. We will support our military. We will revive our economy and stand by our values. And we will also lead the world for freedom under our, my administration. I promise you. Amen. Vice President Mike Pence. Thank you very much. Just that, that's not my concern. That's not my concern. What the fuck are you talking about? Why? How would you ever answer anything that way? That is not my concern. That's not your concern. No, you don't, you don't think you just made a really good point that we're, we're really confused as to, first of all, aren't we like a trillion dollars in debt? How do we have No, we're 35 and a half trillion dollars in debt.


Like it's crazy. Crazy. How do we have the money? Don't, how do we have the money to send to Iraq and we don't have the money to fix our cities? How, how and how can you say that's not my concern. That what that is is the opposite of what Trump is. Yeah. That is nonsense talk. I mean, not that he doesn't have nonsense talk, but that is not a, a re a person's real feelings. No. That is just political speech. That's just, we're gonna clean up our country. We're gonna preserve the right Memorizing soundbites. Exactly. Exactly. Like, and and that's the entire problem with Washington right there. Yeah, Exactly. They, they memorize soundbites. They say one thing, they do the other thing. Exactly. Exactly.


They completely, they've lost the trust of their constituents. They've lost the trust of the American public. And by the way, it's administration after administration. It's politician after politician. Yeah. There's, it's not, it shouldn't be a surprise that people don't like politicians. I mean, look at that guy. Yeah. He's a fucking robot. He's weird. He's a weird dude. He's weird. You know, they kept trying to say J d's weird. J d's not weird at all. I met that guy. He is fucking cool. He's normal, smart as shit. I could, I could hang with that guy. He could be my friend. Yeah. Like, he's not even a little weird, You know? No, that guy's weird. I mean, I guess anybody who's that smart is weird, You know? Yeah. People that go to Yale, people that he is weird in that way.


Like, that's an odd dude. You don't see a lot of those, but normal, that guy's bizarre. Like, his face doesn't move. Did you get Botox at 80? Like, what the fuck is going on? Like, you, you're weird. I think they have low IQs and they're pushing that thing to the red. That's why they're actually so afraid to do anything because they're like, I have, they're like, I'm really pushing this thing. I've got like a Hyundai, like a 1 0 5, but my parents were rich. Mm. So I went to Yale. Right. And if I break outside of my box, actually people are gonna know that I'm a fucking retard. So. Right. Well, I to also think that if you're that ambition, you have ambition at that level, and you are so driven to become the alpha that you wanna be, the president, the amount of work that's involved in that doesn't leave a whole lot of room for reading.


Uhuh doesn't leave a whole lot of room for watching documentaries and having important in-depth conversations with people, expanding your understanding of the world. It's very narrow. They're basically actors a lot. Most of these people exhibit a lot of the traits that I see in actors. This desire to morph oneself to please the people around you, the saying the things that you think people want to hear Because you want to get ahead. It's, it's all like, very similar. They're actors. And the, the fact that these actors can rise to a position where they can actually dictate what these military veterans do and don't do when they have no knowledge or experience in this.


No, that's the fact that that's a real thing is fucking crazy. It's really crazy. I, I mean, I think that's by, by the time I left, I was so jaded and the motivating factor was, oh, sorry. I, I, I was like, no man will ever have control over my destiny again. Like, I won't, I will not. I, there's, I will not put a bit in my mouth. Yeah. For another man in the government, they will not be making decisions for me. Yeah. I don't, I don't think we can recall a time in our history where we did trust the government.


But this is, which is such a weird thing to say, You know, I used to think it was the Obama administration, but boy Obama during this Kamala Harris administer, she, he, it changed my opinion to that guy. Really? Did you have a high opinion of him before? Yeah, I did. Yeah, I did. Just as an intelligent person. Right. A statesman. I felt, I felt like he's probably like caught up in the system. It's very difficult to make real meaningful change. You know, you think you're gonna do something and then you get into office and you're like, oh God, what a fucking quagmire this place is. But watching him just straight up lie about Trump, that the thing that got me was that very fine people thing. The white supremacist thing. They just kept trying to say that he was a racist, which is this thing that I think worked in like 2017.


Yeah. You know, I think it worked back then. I don't think it worked anymore. I don't think people believe it anymore. I think that we've gotten numb to all this stuff. Well, It's the sky's falling thing, right? Yeah. It's like you Cry wolf or whatever. It's like, you guys can only call, you only call me a fascist so many times. I mean, like the New York Times wrote that article a couple years ago, right? Where I'm Like, It was the front of the coffee cup where it's like, do you want Trump 2024? Do you want low taxes? Do you want this down? I'm like, I want all that sounds good. And like, you can only call me a fascist racist. Yeah, asshole. I mean, to be fair, like I am, I can float into the asshole category relatively easy. But You can only call all, all That Only prompted.


Yeah. Only When prompted. Yeah. It's, You know what my fucking favorite things of this whole election cycle has been yesterday when Biden, Biden and Trump sat down in the White House. Yeah. Yeah. Biden voted for Trump. I guarantee it. I fucking guarantee it. I never saw that dude so happy in his fucking life. He lost his party. Lost. Yeah. He was happy When, so happy when Obama had to shake hands with Trump and do the whole transition thing. Obama looked like Jesus Christ. Look at, look, look at Mike. Look at his fucking smile.


Dude. Trump's like a whatever, Dude, look at his fucking smile, man. That's like when your kid gets married, that, That dude looks like a hairless cat. Look at him. It's great. First of all, what have they done to him? What have they done to his face? Yeah. Go back to the other picture Because it was more high res. Look at his mug, man. First of all, for sure he is got good, got something going on with his forehead. They Botox to shit outta his forehead. They gave him a facelift for sure. It was a bunch of different things they did. Which very ill-advised by the way, folks. Yeah. Look at Trump. He looks like shit. No one cares. Everyone loves him. You don't, you don't look better if you get your face pulled back like a lizard. No. He just more look more like a lizard.


Everybody thinks you're a lizard already. But look at that smile that motherfucker's never been happier in his life, in his life. He's like, that bitch. She went down. You can't tell me he wasn't happy. Like when he put that MAGA hat on, you ever see that? Oh Yeah. Yeah. He put the MAGA hat on and he took it with him on the plane. I'm guarantee you, I guarantee you that motherfucker was happy. He had a giant smile on his face. He said, welcome back to him. I thought it was Hitler. I thought he was dangerous. I mean, that, that's what they all said, right? It's like, hey, this is the, the, he's a threat to democracy. I thought he was a Nazi. And then all of a sudden it's like, ah, hey, we're gonna have a smooth transition here.


This was The guy that you said was sharp as a tack. He was gonna be up until four months ago. Yeah. Yeah. Four months ago that guy was gonna be running again. Mm. And now here he is smiling like a Cheshire cat. How big was his? That's a crazy smile. Oh man. He looks, he looks like he's wearing a mask. Oh, he might be. Yeah. Wearing mask. There was that one wearing fake Biden. Did you ever see the fake Biden? Yeah. Yeah. The tall guy. Yeah. That guy was so much taller. The guy was like six four. He was a giant bike. It made no sense. They're gonna smoke that one by us. Like, it's like, dude, this guy's like, You know, six, seven could be playing in the NBA and they're Fighting. He was so much taller.


They showed Jill and him together. Jill's like, like, what happened? That's a different human being. Totally. It's so nuts, man. It's so nuts. All the different things that happened during this election are wilder than anything you've ever seen in a fucking movie. It, It brought, I think it, it brought so many more people into politics too. Oh, yeah. And people like the more people pay attention to what's going on with politicians with the country, I don't think that's a bad thing because Right. I think Bureaucrats and politicians alike, they directly benefit from people not paying attention. Yes. And so they only want you to pay attention once a year when they're gonna try to get everybody galvanized around a couple little stupid things and then get 'em out to the voting booth.


But not too many, like, we don't want a lot of complex thought out of the voters. We don't really want them to think about too much. Right. Because, You know, we still got, we still got a national deficit that we gotta increase and I gotta line the line the pockets of all my buddies. Yeah. You know, at Raytheon, Northrop Grumman and, and Lockheed Martin. Like, we don't want 'em to get in too far. Yeah. Like, don't, don't start talking about the reserve or don't start talking about any of that other stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I think that's what it is. Well, I think that's also why politicians are, some of them at least are terrified of podcasts. Yeah. Because you do have to talk about the, but that's what makes guys like JD and guys like Trump unique in that they will just sit and talk with anybody.


I mean, he sat with Theo Vaughan, Theo talked to him about doing coke. That's awesome. It was so funny. Theo's amazing. It was amazing. Theo has an ability to be himself, no matter who he's talking to. And him talking to Trump about how he used to love to do coke. It was like, and Trump's just sitting there, which was super funny by the way, Sitting like this Poor guy. Like, you see Theo falling apart in front of you. Like, Jesus Christ. I thought I was running for president here. I think I might have to help this young fella. Who do I, who do I need to talk to about this? But like, You know, Kamala didn't have the ability to do that. Or if she did, nobody brought it out of her. I was hoping I could. I really was. I was hoping I could have a conversation with her. There's all this talk now that the reason why she didn't do it is because of progressive people in her party.


The pushback. Right. Which might have some truth to it, but for the record, they offered me two very specific days and in different places in the country to travel and then go do it and do it for an hour. And I said, I didn't wanna do that. And especially after Trump had done it here in three hours, I'm like, this is the only way to do it. And Elon said it best, he said, he goes, you could kind of bullshit someone for an hour, but he goes, hour two, an hour three. Like, that's, that's when the real you comes out. Yeah. You're, you're gonna get, it's the real you, you're gonna, you're gonna tear the layers off the onion. Right. So it Like, a hundred percent. A Hundred percent. It might make you cry. Yeah. And it, the more you peel it, the more you might be like, oh, this person's fucking Stupid shit.


How much are you bullshitting the world? Right. Yeah. Yeah. The, the, the quote about Trump, or the narrative about Trump has always been that he's bullshitting everybody. Right. That he's a con man. He's definitely very persuasive. You know, Scott Adams has wrote about this pretty much in depth about how, how well Trump practices the art of persuasion, You know, the art of the deal. He's great at making people's friend and make, making relationships. And if you're his enemy, fuck you, scorched earth, You know, it's like this. And there's fear of that. You don't wanna get on his bad side. There's all this like, there's this art of like how he negotiates and this gone through this years and years and years of business. Yeah. But, but that's him, that's the, the guy's right there. You could talk to him about everything and anything.


He's right there. He's not protecting any of his ideas. He called a girl. He allegedly slept with horse face when he was the president on Twitter. It's so funny. It's the wildest shit. So you're getting what you get. That's who the guy is. And you love I like him. I, I've gone, I've grown to like him. I, I had a much more negative opinion of him back in the day Because it was, there's only so much you can pay attention to and do deep dives on Right. Before you lose your fucking mind. And with him, I was like, oh, that guy. The grab him by the pussy guy. It's probably not good for the country. That seems crazy. But as time went on, I was like, oh, you need a guy that is completely crazy to expose how corrupt the whole system is.


Yeah. And how they all collude together and how they all, they all say this, there's all these montages of clips of news organizations saying the same narrative outright over and over, verbatim word by word. They're getting fed this by someone, some entity, some they're, somehow or another, they're collaborating and they're all choosing this very specific narrative. And they're running with it, and they're trying to destroy people with it. And I saw them do it with me. Yeah. I saw them do it with me during the Covid thing. And it was all motivated by the pharmaceutical drug companies and the profits. And they were terrified that someone's gonna come along and somehow another put a a notch in this little thing that they've created, which is a, a devious little thing that they've done where they eliminated all sorts of other remedies.


They, they cut out all these generic drugs that possibly could have been used to help people. They denied people the use of monoclonal antibodies. They pushed the fucking shit outta this one thing so they could make money off of it. And they did it in collusion with the media. No one acted like a journalist. No one looked at the excess deaths. No one looked at the instances of myocarditis in young people. No one looked at any of that. There was no journalism. It just showed everyone that the whole system is bought and paid for. It's all corrupt. And the only way you could find out who a person really is, is to listen to them talk for long periods of time. It's the only thing, it's the only truth serum we have left.


Right. And even that's not a hundred percent effective, but it's pretty good. It's pretty, your brain knows bullshit. You know, you ever like met some guy and like he's dating this girl that, You know, and there's just something about the It is like, what, he's shaking my hand. He's being nice to me. He, and I'm like, I don't trust this motherfucker. Like, something's gross about this guy. And then you find out he's piece of shit. But it's always this thing. Yeah. Like, you feel something if you talk to someone long enough, there's patterns in the way they talk, the way they think, the way they consider things. Whether or not they can admit that they're wrong, or whether or not they could tell you why they changed their mind. Whether, how did they form their narratives?


Like what, what bad paths were they on? And what personal correction did they make? And how long did it take before you got to a better place? You learn about people, when you hear 'em talk for long periods of time, you can't fake personal growth. You can't fake, like stuff you've learned. You can't fake flaws that you're willing to expose to people so that they, they could perhaps see them in themselves. You can't fake that. And all those people like Mike Pence, he's got zero of that. You can't sit that down, that guy down and have a conversation, a real conversation with him. He's so afraid of, honestly, I don't think he even knows who he is. Guys like that don't even know who they are. Like an actor. Yeah. Yeah. They're, they're like actors.


Like my buddy Dave, we were talking yesterday. You met him the other night and like, I've known him for 20 years. Great guy. Like, He was a lot of fun. Dude. You know, we met in Kabul back in the day. Dave. Dave and I, like, we go way back and we, He's good friends with Bruce and with my friend Kevin. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. Like, 'cause he was a team guy, right? So he is like former CCIA guy. And Dave and I were talking about this. And when you, when you can just be authentically engaged with people where you can just be yourself. And, and that's part of the issue with I think a lot of vets is, and why they like, why they connect really well with vets is Because you can just authentically engage with people and say, I, this person knows I'm a little bit broken.


This person knows that I've probably done shit that I'm not super proud of. And they know that I've got a dark sense of humor. But I can like, just kind of open, I, I can open my heart and just have a real conversation with somebody. And that's the shit you chase. Yeah. Where you can just be yourself. Yeah. And you can talk about stuff. Right. And you can like, try to evolve the way you're thinking and feeling. Right. And these artificial bullshit conversations that we have throughout our day with people we don't give a shit about, are these like, You know, inauthentic, unreal, You know, veneer people. It's like, I have no interest in having a conversation with a fake person. That is stupid. That is The best thing that I took out of moving to Texas.


Yeah. From moving to la I have way less of those conversations. I have almost none of them here. Well, my conversations with here are like, with normal people, right? They're normal. So many people are infected by the rhythm of Hollywood, which is just about people trying to become successful. And the way you become successful in Hollywood is you get chosen. 'cause you have to go on auditions. Right? That's the, that's the primary, right? The number one top of the food chain. Well, I guess Rockstar. Rockstar and Movie star or number one and number two, maybe interchangeable, maybe they're the same. Same if, if it's a 10 like biggest stars in the world, it's 10 movie stars and rock stars and movie stars. Everything you do is about your relationships with people and whether or not people think you align with them politically and whether or not you support the right causes.


You wear the bow tie at the Oscars. You act proper. You do all the things that you're supposed to do. And if you do all the things you're supposed to do, then you get into the club. You know, and if you don't do all the things you're gonna do, then they're not gonna use you. They're gonna use Daniel Craig. They're gonna use this guy, they're gonna use that guy. They're gonna use Dave Batista. They're gonna use the Rock. They're gonna use, there's so many guys that want these roles, and there's only so many good roles. Right. Especially if you're gonna be a male movie star. You know, like, so no one can color outside the lines. And Dennis Qua is like one of the rare few like male movie stars who just fucking completely gave up. He's like, I support Trump.


I support, I'm, I'm a, I'm a Christian, You know, I sing gospel music. Like, fuck you, I quit. And he's, he did this Reagan movie. It was a Reagan movie. Okay. Yeah. It's about, it's about a 1980s president. They wouldn't let him advertise on certain social media networks because they said it was during the time of the election And it could affect the election. What was it? Was it Facebook? Like what, what? That's insane. What insane kept him from ad, was it YouTube or Facebook? Some, one of the social media outlets kept him from advertising this movie, which is a great movie. Yeah. About Reagan, where he plays Reagan. He does a fucking amazing job. It has nothing to do with today. It's about a guy who's dead.


It's, he's dead. He's dead. He's been dead forever. Right. Basic. He he was dead his last year in office. Yeah. He was fucking full on Alzheimer's. I, That's the thing with this, this whole social media, You know, censorship, demonetization, like the way that they've, they've, they honestly, and I don't wanna say they, like, there's a big group and you, I mean, you were talking about it the other night, even with your show, with the Trump show, and then it's not trending. You can't even find it. The firearms community on YouTube deals with this all the time. Oh yeah. All the time. You, You know, the guys that are have the huge YouTube channels from a firearms perspective. Sure.


They, they're demonetized. They have to upload multiple times. They're in a, like A constant battle. My good friend Collins, Cole Noir Yeah. His fucking show. He can't get it to grow. No. He can't get his Instagram to grow. He's like completely stifled. And they're, they're keeping the lid on this. Yes. I mean, like Brandon Herrera, wizard Sayer, after he was on the podcast, Facebook acknowledged mistake and lifted the Restrictions. Aha. Weird though. Yeah. You acknowledged it. The, look at this, he expressed belief that Facebook labeled the content as an ex attempt to sway an election. Yeah. Like the, the entire Thank you. Facebook said Automated in Their defense. But that's What they said. It was just a mistake, Jamie. I'm just, that's what they said.


Jamie is just a mistake. Yeah. Reporting the, the entire firearms community. And it's weird because we, well, when I say we, we talk about it all the time. Like whether it's, You know, the biggest YouTube channels on for the firearm space, they're constantly battling, trying to keep their channels up. This is a constitutionally protected. Right. Right. And because there's a difference in political opinion, they can, they can tip the scale. Right. Which Is completely insane to me. And there, and there's a lot of traffic. I mean, you think about some of these really big channels that are out there. These guys drive millions and millions of views.


People obviously wanna watch and they can't increase their reach or they get demonetized and they're constantly screwed with over and over and over again. And that's the way that we've, I think a lot of us have felt, we've been living under the thumb of, You know, our, our, our social media oligarchs that are deciding whether or not our information is agreeable to their political opinion. And it's like, Did I ever tell you the time that I was having a conversation with a Facebook YouTube executive and my wife had to grab my leg under the table and stop me? 'cause seriously, in Hawaii. Okay. So I'm with a friend and my friend was a, an executive at, at Google.


A very nice person. Great. No problems with them. We're all having a good time. And we're sitting down drinking and talking. And I got a couple in me and this lady who's a big wig at YouTube sits down across from me and we start talking. And I said, when it come, so we get into this conversation. It's a very friendly conversation. Nothing problematic at all. Right? I don't think she knows, even knows who I am. And this is a long time ago. So this is like 2015, 14. So my podcast is not that big. Right. It's not that big at all. Let's wait. I can tell you exactly when it was. When did Sam Harris and Douglas Murray have a conversation?


When did the Strange Death of Europe come out? Tell me about that. That's Douglas Murray's amazing book that has been proved now to be absolutely accurate in his assessment of what was gonna happen to Europe with Muslim integration. Oh yeah. Yep. Essentially the guy nailed it. And him and Sam Harris. Okay. So you have two public intellectuals who are having a conversation about cultures and about the what, what is different about these Islamic cultures and their desire to impose Sharia law, like at least in certain areas. So they're having this conversation And it gets labeled as it gets flagged off this guy's account.


So I find out about this video because this guy has an account and he po i, I don't remember where he posted it, maybe Twitter, but he said, I got flagged on YouTube for having this in my playlist as something that I watch. Like, not even something he hosts on his channel. So I asked the lady, I said, why would someone get flagged for a conversation? She goes, it was hate speech. Just like that. Just like that. It was hate speech. I go, can, do you remember the conversation? Because I watched the conversation. I don't think it was hate speech at all. She was def it was definitely a hate speech. I, but, but it's between two public. And then my wife just clamped on my neck because she sees I'm fucking, she's like, I'm rabid now.


I'm like, it's two public intellectuals having a conversation about a real thing that's happening in the world. And there's, there's no hate speech in that. There's no slurs, there's no degrading of people in a generalization of people. There's no racism. This is, they're they're talking about real cultural differences and how they're gonna affect Europe. And this fucking lady just too, it's hate speech. The, the arrogance, the way she said it to me. And she was a big executive. And then I was like, oh boy, I was just boiling. I was boiling and thank God my wife grabbed my leg. She fucker she grabbed the shit outta my leg. 'cause I was ready to go. 'cause the lady was gonna engage with me.


And, and I was like, oh, okay. This, this is a podcast. No, you're fucked. You're Fucked, You're fucked, you're fucked. You just, you're just lucky. There's no cameras here. What you're saying is absolutely crazy. Like, who are you to make that distinction? And do you have any idea how that affects us culturally when a person like yourself who lives in this fucking San Francisco, this whole bizarre tech cult bubble, that's what you live in. Yeah. And you, you wanna impose this crazy leftist perspective on everyone in the world to the point where you're not even allowing two world renowned public intellectuals. Have a public discussion about this in front of an audience.


Dude, I, I would deal with that all the time where people, I would talk about the Middle East. I spent most of my adult life in the Middle East. I, I was in Iraq, I was in Jerusalem, I was all around the Middle East and Africa. And I would just say, I just don't agree with the way that Saudi Arabia runs. Right. I don't agree with the monarchy. I don't agree with Islamic Sharia law. I don't agree. Oh, you're a fucking racist. And you're like, what? No man. I just don't think that it's the best way to go about it. Right. Like, there's A bunch of different ways people live. It's like, no, I'm not a racist. I've lived there. I've, I've been there, I've spent a ton of time there.


I think this is better. And these are the reasons why. And people didn't even want to have a conversation with, oh, you're racist, but This is what's crazy. You have to be able to have those conversations, even if that person's law wrong. Like, if someone wants to get on YouTube and tell the world why Sharia law is better, I think they should be able to do that. I let them do it and let someone counter it and let them have debates. And Sam Harris has had a bunch of debates like that. They're, they're, you can watch 'em online. They're amazing. Let people figure out who they agree with. And if you just shut down discourse and say that it's hate speech and you're defining hate speech as no slurs, there's no, like, we gotta kill all these people.


There's none of that. There's no hate in this conversation. You're saying hate speech is disagreeing with a narrative that all leftists must ascribe to regardless of any objective assessment of the facts. And you're just sitting down and looking at it and go, You know, I don't think I agree with this aspect of it. Like, I think that like telling women they have to wear a hijab everywhere. There's, that's, you're not giving them the choice. You're cho not giving someone choices just fundamentally bad for the race, for humans. It's suppression, It anything outside of a meritocracy in the context of being able to evolve a conversation based on the best idea wins. And when you're chopping out 50% of your population and saying there be a burden and where they belong is just essentially for basket of deplorables.


Yeah. Yeah. Like, this is the problem that I have with this. Yeah. And anytime that I've had this conversation around the Middle East where like, these are the things I don't like about it. And I mean, there's lots of different things. It could be the, You know, the, the, the, the Arab men will typically wear this very long open bottom garb. Right. It's, it's typically referred to as a man dress. Oh my God, I hate that thing. This thing's stupid. Like I've had to wear it, You know, and I fucking Did You wear underwear? Did you wear Underwear in it? Sometimes you don shit Your pants. I, I've wor I've worn a hijab. Like It we were talking about. Did you really? Yeah. It like, I had like a tiny little like belted machine gun that I'd have to wear.


'cause I'm a small guy. Right. I'm a hundred fucking 60 pounds. And So I would often be the woman 'cause I could, I could, I can be the fucking, I got a feminine frame man, You know? Yeah. I got, You know, birthing hips Of course. But You know, I could get a little saw with, which is a squat automatic weapon, a little belt fed machine gun and a couple rags underneath a hijab. And I could sit in the back seat. Oh Wow. Yeah. It's like, surprise bitch. I'm not a woman. Picturing you with a hijab and a belted machine gun under your dress is fucking hilarious. Oh, it's so, oh my God. Oh, it's so much fun, man. Like I Did you have like a thing where you could pop it up like a, like a low key jacket?


Yeah. Yeah. So you, you'd Velcro. So we had, we had a whole department in the agency where they, they would Like It design costumes and shit for you. Mm. So you could, I had like, I had this fake mustache. I got a picture of it. I'll, I'll fucking send it to you. But I had this fake mustache and like, they would put tanner and fake mustache and, and like sunglasses. So I'd like drive around looking like Saddam half the time. Like, Like that fucking America World Police movie. Oh yeah. Full on. And, and it's so funny because like, you'd have like, no shit, a person putting makeup on you before you like, go out to do something, You know, either got fake mustache and You know, or for me, I'm like, just gimme the job.


I already know what I'm doing. Just gimme the fucking put me in the lady thing. I'm Gonna be the fat girl. Make Thing. Are you allowed to wear makeup at all or are the Islamic women allowed to wear makeup under their hijab or no? Yeah. Yeah. They, they can, depending on the, on the, on on where they are. Some parts they don't let 'em do it. Some parts, yeah. Depending on, on how extreme they are. But if you went to Kuwait or something like that, they would flash it, You know, it's wild. Signify wild. It signify that they're, they're, they're like racy, You know? Ooh, Sassy little, Little hussy. Look at these Eyelashes. Yeah. Oh my God, I saw our nostrils. Mm, I saw our ankles. This Bitch is wild. Hot. Isn't it wild though that that religion, the absolute most suppressed religion, suppressive religion when it comes to women and gays are the ones that the progressives are so vehemently defending.


Like that's the one they defend over all religions. You can be as like, like a leftist will in accuse you readily and quickly of being Islamophobic. It's a great thing. It can shut you down. You, it's a great pejorative. But no one ever accuses you of being an anti-Christian. No one, it never comes up. No one. No one. There's not even a word. Right. You can have Islamophobic. Is there a christiano phobic? I've never heard it. What is, what is a word, like a disparaging word for someone who is, is prejudice against Christians? Does it exist? I don't know. I mean, it Probably doesn't even, its Like, It probably doesn't. Even ky Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's like a racist term for white people.


Cracker doesn't work Like a Caucasian CISs male. I don't even know what that means. It's Chris Phobia or whatever. Chris Phobia. See that's, that's, That's too, I've never heard anyone utter that. That's too much Garbly gook. You can't say it fast. No, no, no. Islamophobia is kind of fun. Yeah. Islamophobia flows. It sounds like you're intellectual. Well, this podcast is filled with Islamophobia. First of all, let's just Yeah. Discuss this. This is really important. We need to direct them to feminism. But I think that's so funny because when I, when I listen to academics, You know, I'll pull up a YouTube and I'll go down a rabbit hole on a certain thing and I'll listen to an academic. And then half of them, and I shouldn't say half of them, like a good portion of them, they're talking about things they've never actually experienced.


Right. And so for me, I've, I've lived in the Middle East, like I've, I've, I've lived in Jerusalem, like I've lived and interacted and been in these cultures on a on and, and seen them in a very vivid way. And when I say this, like you, you tactical and combat experience specifically in these countries. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's very vivid. And part of the problem with, You know, this differentiation, let's go back to it. But this differentiation between the decision makers and the people actually implementing the, the tactical execution on the ground is that there's a huge disconnect from the reality.


They don't have the wisdom to understand what it is. And what I used to tell people is like, I was almost like a zookeeper where I would usher, depending on the person, I would usher them through the fucking zoo so they could see what's going on. But they would see it from afar. Mm. And I kept the lions from eating them. Right. And there's this very clear differentiation between the people in charge. And most of them shouldn't have been in a combat zone specifically in the agency. They should have not have been in the, in a combat zone. And when, when you unpack the agency and you look at, you have paramilitary guys and they're more than, more than qualified to be there. And then you have like the cocktail circuit guys and they, they're just trying to get their combat tour so they can get promoted to another fucking spot.


But they actually have no business being there. Meaning they need guys like me to keep them alive. Like they, they Oh, So they're just like getting in days for That's all they're doing. The ledger, there's a very famous infamous case officer from Coast back in the day, and I was on the ground there, not in coast and cobble at the time. And she was being groomed to be the assistant director. There's a great book on it called Double Agent. But I was on the ground when it happened. And she had this asset that she was trying to get in, which is a agency asset that she was trying to get into a basin coast.


Once again, this person has no, they, they, they should not be here. They, they should be in, in Germany going to a cocktail party, like pretending like they're really cool because they have high intellect, but they have no context to going down to the basis of reality. And these are like rules of the jungle. Like this, like this power is the only language they speak. Like you can't intellect your way out of this thing. Like, 'cause a fucking bullet is a bullet. A bat is a bat. Like it will win over your articulation every time. If you wanna win a debate and you just put an axe handle through somebody's fucking head, that's how you win.


Right. That Like, It doesn't matter. Right. It doesn't matter. Right. So it like, they bring in this asset and she's like, oh, You know, this, this asset is the guy he's gonna give us the, the coordinates to Bin Laden. We've been working with him for a long time. He's an amazing guy. It's his birthday. He wants us to bring him a cake. So she bypasses all the security systems, bringing in a guy from Pakistan. So she gets him. 'cause he, he's like, I don't wanna go through any security. I'm your trusted guy. I don't wanna go through se first, I don't wanna go through any security. So she tells security, stand down. She doesn't tell anybody about it.


She brings this guy in through the gate, like blows him through. Now the security guys mind you are like, what the fuck did you just do? They're running down to the situation to try to get ahead of it. He steps out and he looks like the Michelin tire man and fucking clocks off. Oh God. And three of my friends were killed in that suicide bomb. She was killed ultimately. And, but that's a perfect example. And I, I mean there's like multiple different examples of, there's a different cadence, mindset and capability associated with what I would say is the paramilitary guys versus the case officers, the spies.


Right. They're just totally different guys. Right. And they tried to intermingle because of capabilities and more importantly promotions. Mm. To try to get people like promoted, which is another reason why like some significant things have to change over there. And they got guys hurt. So they just send people to you, just to, you were supposed to protect these people. Yeah. And it, so they could be collection officers on the ground. I mean, like Ty time after time example after example. I had this guy in this town called Laka. Gar on the middle of fucking nowhere. And oh, before we go there, so let's rewind to Iraq.


I had a, I had a, I had a spy that we were working with and they're called case officers in the agency. And, and we go out to pick her up from the airfield and we're like bringing her to where she needs to go. And we pick her up and she gets in the car behind she, she gets in in the car behind me and she takes out her pistol, she points it and I'm in the passenger seat, she's right behind me. She takes out her clock, she puts a magazine in it racks the slide right behind my head, like directly into the back of my head. Oh my God. And I turned around, I'm like, and I'll tell you exactly what I said. I'm like, what the fuck are you doing?


As I turned around, I'm like, gimme that thing. I'm like, and I called her, I called her some like very rude, very rude things, right? So I'm like, what the fuck are you doing? Don't take your pistol out. I go, if both of us are dead, then think about it, but I'm gonna keep this. You just don't have it anymore. And So I gave her back, I actually gave her back the empty pistol. I was like, listen, if both of us are dead, feel free take, take one of our, take one of our guns. Take both of our guns. I don't give a shit because I'm dead. But I get back in and the, the chief of base at the time, Paul pulls me in. It's a fucking super good dude. And he's like, calls me and he's like, Hey man, I heard you had quite an exchange with somebody and You know, we don't really appreciate, You know this and You know, I might be out, I might have to send you home.


And I was like, did she tell you what she did? He was like, no, I just thought she got in the car and you told her like, You know, you fucking dumb whatever and gimme your gun. I was like, no. She racked her slide into the back of my head and he's like, oh God, get outta here. I'll talk to her. It's like, oh God, get outta here. I'll talk to her. Like, oh, Jesus Christ. She forget. But it's, it's like, Do they even have to show competency in weapons use? Yeah, but it's, it's it, Do they go through the same sort of program? Everybody thinks there's like this Jason born type person, You know, like spies or Jason born or something like that. It's like, it's just not fundamentally correct like any soft guy that any soft guy is.


So more, much more proficient firearms. I taught a selection and vetting course for former soft guys that wanted to come into the, the agency. And I taught it for a couple years. And I was one of the main architects behind the selection criteria. And, and we would have to go out and train spies and I would shoot their qualification course with my left hand, like on two hours of sleep, still half in the fucking bag. Like it's just so like ridiculously it Ingrained. Yeah. And more importantly, it's, that's not their job, right? They're, they're, they're collection people.


And I'm, I'm defending them to a certain degree 'cause they're very high iq their selection criteria and their course is very difficult. They're not Prepared for That. No. They, they don't belong in those places. Like when you go into the, when you go into a combat zone and when it's a, a very complex because there's different, different areas in combat zones and some of them are more dangerous than others. You can't have some of those people there. It's too dangerous, man. You gotta have collection people that are on the military side that can handle themselves unilaterally. And you can't have like your regular hum humdrum spy.


This isn't Jason born. They're, they're, they're not competent. And more importantly that's, it's not their thing. It's, it's the thing of proficient artisans in combat collection in the art of war. And that is a very subset niche profession of guys that are extremely competent and very dangerous. Why do we wanna believe in a Jason Bourne People? I think it's, People love that narrative. They love it, they love that narrative. Some super spy double oh seven dude that can fuck everybody up. It's Fun, right? Yeah. It's like, oh, we, we noticed you're, you're, you're a, you're, you're a really good boxer in your local gym and you went to Yale, we're gonna recruit you. Like get the fuck outta here.


Let's him stupid. He's a judo champion. Yeah. He's a judo champion. You know, it always starts recruit him into The Yeah. Oh man, we, we, we noticed you're hitting the bags and you, You know, you're a Yeah, Right. Political science major in Yale. Like There's a guy with glasses and a hat on watching you run around the track. I think we found our man, If they only knew the bureaucratic steps that it took to like, get into it where it's just like so much paperwork and interviews and it's, and it's like, who was this guy? What he done? And Well, what's wild to me is the spies that infiltrate terrorist organizations. Like there's, there's people that are in the IDF that have infiltrated.


Yeah. Amass. Yeah. They live with them. They're in there. They're in there Lots. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. It's so respectable. Imagine that life. Oh that life is nuts, man. Worried you're gonna be found out. And these guys knowing Hamas, knowing that a certain percentage of these people have to be Israelis. Well That is so crazy that they do that. When you have those guys and we need those guys. Like I'm not Oh yeah. Like we need those guys. Must be so exciting. The non-official cover the Knox. Yeah. Like, That's that. I, I, I mean that There's so much respect. Well, you were explaining that one guy that's a professor. Yeah. Well, well, tell, tell me. So, I mean, out of all the guys, like, I, I had such a unique ride in history in times, right?


Where, You know, looking out the window, kind of just being a passenger in history and then being able to talk to some of these guys. And I would sit down and I would always find like the older guy that's in the, You know, the, we, we have like dining halls where the agency has their own separate dining halls and bars and shit like that. And I sat down with a guy one day And it was just like, Hey man, what's your story? You know? And he was telling me he was a, he was an anthropology professor at the University of Washington. And he was, he was, he was finishing his PhD and he was crossing the McKenzie Traverse in Canada. And he did it in era appropriate clothing and a canoe and the whole fucking thing, right?


Is it is just completely insane. Oh my God. It's like so insane. And I was like, oh, how'd you get in? You know? And that's, so he is making his way across. He gets to a cabin, he's starving, he's gonna die. He, he's, he's explaining this to me. He's, he's, he's like, I'm going to die. I break into this trapper cabin. I find a bunch of old, like old canned food. I gorge, I, I just like engorge myself. And now I have the screaming shits and m Like wiping my ass with this National Geographic. And I pull out this ad and the agency used to have ads in National Geographic.


And he, he thought to himself, wow, that's, that's really interesting. I should apply. So he applied when he got back. Imagine The scenario, you're fucking starving. Then you're eating botulism filled cans of beans with pork and shit, wiping your ass with a National Geographic. You see a, I mean, it's a fucking scene in a movie. It's, it's insane. That's A scene in a movie. Right? So it goes back to University of Washington becomes a professor, the agency. He goes through the entire process. The agency recruits him, he goes through training, but still he, he has to keep his, his double life gone. And so he Starts a life as a double life, in fact, becomes a professor while he's in the agency.


Correct. Wow. So from the jump, he's got a double life. It's not like he gets recruited, he's some Nobel Prize winner and they say, we need you to be for America. Yeah. Wow. In his first job, I'll never forget him describing this to me because I didn't know, I didn't know any of this. So it's part history, part just agency history. And he goes, my first job was I flew to Angola and I just had a s a suitcase full of money. And they dropped me off in the middle of nowhere. And they're like, go kill Cubans. It wasn his job. Jesus Christ.


Just a bag of money. It wasn it. One straight directive. Okay. And so in defense here, that's cool as shit. It's pretty wild. That's wild. They trust that guy, guy. Hey, hey, here's a bag of money. Yeah. Go kill some Cubans Because you had, You know, it's, it's a proxy war, right? Between South Africa and the, it was the Soviets and the Cuban by proxy, they were both supporting each other. They were both supporting the Communist Revolution, Ola. So we were pushing back as from the state's perspective, we were pushing back against the Soviet intervention, which was driven from the Cuban.


So he had a huge, huge Cuban intervention, which is something most people don't realize. And I just thought it was fascinating 'cause it was the first time I'd heard about it. And here's this guy that his job was, here's a bag of money. Go kill Cubans. That's your job. While he's a professor. Pretty cool. While he's a professor. So he'd be like going, so he would go back to, You know, whatever university and go, okay, kids. I know I've been out on a dig, You know, and I've been building, You know, Atlas in Australia trying to do this. But really we was in Angola hunting Cubans. Holy Shit.


That's pretty badass. I'd say that's way better than Indiana Jones, as far as I'm concerned. Oh yeah. It's pretty cool. Yeah. Writing on the chalkboard and shit. Thinking about gunning dudes down. Okay. Okay. And then plus the five. Yeah. Who here can answer this? Nobody. Oh my God. Nobody, nobody can know. That's so fun. He never tells anybody. Anybody. No. And he's still, I mean, So I guess with a guy like that, if you can find a guy who's willing to wear era, era equivalent clothing, would you say An error, correct. Yeah. Yeah. Clothing. And make his way through a trek.


It wasn most likely gonna kill people in the 18 hundreds. You know, who did something like that? Didn't do the whole thing. But Ella, the way I met him was he, he had a first, he had a show before me Eater. It was called The Wild Within. And I got really addicted to it. Seriously? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I used to love, way before I ever went hunting, I used to love watching hunting shows. Yeah. I used to watch like Ted NuGet, spirit of the Wild. My wife was always like, what the fuck are you watching? But I was always obsessed with hunting shows and wilderness shows, people in the wilderness. 'cause every time I'm in the woods, I feel Like It was a vitamin. I'm like, oh, again, this vitamin. Yeah. So I was like, I wanted to like experience more of that in my life. So I was watching on tv, so there was a show called The Wild Within.


And what Ella did was he like, I think he used like error correct. Weapons too. I think he used like a musket. And he shot a bison and he turned the bison into like a, I think it was a bison, whatever the animal was. He turned, turned it into a boat. He made a boat out of it and drifted down this river. He did like all these things that these pioneers did back in the day when they were making their way across the country. That Sounds Awesome. It was pretty dope. That's how I got to meet him. That's how I, I got him on my podcast before me Eater was ever a show. Oh, okay. Yeah. He was super dismissive of podcast. Now he's got one. He was like, I feel like there's a lot of, He was like, what am I doing here? I'm in this comedy club with this fucking dude who's smoking weed. Like, this is ridiculous.


I feel like there's a lot of people that probably dismissed it. They're like, oh yeah. Oh, what the fuck is Joe doing? But now he's got a great podcast of his own. I love that guy to death. No, He's awesome. He's he's such a smart dude too. He knows so many things. He's a, a fascinating guy to talk to. 'cause he's super well read and he, he can talk to you about all kinds of shit that you would not expect from a guy who's a professional hunter. No. You know, he, he talks like a PhD. It's very, but also like a hunter. Very unusual dude. And like one of the very best guys to explain hunting. Like I saw a debate that he had. It was like a, I think it was a book that he had released and he was doing one of those talks they do at bookstores. And this guy was a vegan and the guy in the audience was a vegan.


The guy got upset with him and the Ella handled it so perfectly. The, just the way he communicated with the guy and explaining his perspective. And you have a different perspective and I'd love to have a conversation with you. He didn't do it with any bullshit Ted Newt's. Like, ah, you pussy grow, grow another vagina. But, but Elle is like the, the perfect answer to people that objectively they look at it, they go, wait a minute, I do eat meat. Like I am a hypocrite. I am hiring a supermarket. Hit man. Like why am I upset at this man who not only hunts his meat, but cooks it and writes cookbook Right. And cooks it on television. Yeah. And like, this is the same thing. Like, what are we doing here?


This is so stupid. You know? And then you've got the people that really believe that you shouldn't eat anything but plants. And my problem with that is I think plants are smart. I think they just move real slow. And I think they have a way of interacting that is noticeable and measurable. I think there's probably a consciousness to plants. I think. I think life eats life. And I think that's the only way it survives. And I think that's just the way it goes. That is just the way it goes. And you can choose to just eat plants, but I don't think you're gonna be as healthy. I just, I think it's too hard. I think people can kind of survive on vegan diets and do well on vegan diets. There's athletes that are on vegan diets. I don't think they hit peak performance and thrive.


I think that's all people who are consuming nutrient dense meats. Meats and fish and eggs. Those are the people that, when you look at athletes, the predominant, the the best athletes in every sport are all consuming protein. They're all consuming animal protein. There's so few that are vegans that, that hit elite status and maintain. A lot of 'em get injured when they switch to vegan too. There's just so much in there. Collagen and B12 and fucking, there's so many different aspects to different amino acids. You can have this ethical thing in your head. And I get that ethical thing. Like, I don't wanna see a thing suffer.


I think plants suffer. You just don't feel it. Right. I really do. I think there's a communication with them that's probably similar but different to the way we feel about animals getting killed by other animals. I think it's just a part of this whole process. I mean, they've shown that you can take the recordings of beetles eating leaves and play recordings of beetles eating leaves near a tree. And the tree will experience distress to the point where it changes the profile. The, the flavor profile of the leaves. It releases chemicals, these phytochemicals into the leaves. Yeah. That makes it disgusting for the bugs.


And they do it with giraffes. Like when giraffes eat, I think it's acacia trees when giraffes eat acacia trees. Right. The trees downwind all become disgusting to the point where the giraffes will starve. 'cause they, they won't eat it. They ch they change their flavor profile to protect themselves. They release some sort of chemical. It makes them inedible. Well, I think that's so interesting. I, Because you can see it with who's the Paul stats has. Yes. Like, You know, one, the, when the fungi is like talking and communicating and the health benefits to like fungi and different plants. Like I think anytime you have this edict where no meat, no plants, no, I, I think that's just another version of religious extremism where Yeah, if you were just to say what makes sense?


What, what, what's morally what am I going to have to coalesce in from me? I, I don't wanna be a hypocrite, So I hunt. Like that's the way it is. And we, we eat a ton of wild meat. I'm not a hypocrite. We eat meat. I love fish. I love, I love fruits and vegetables. But I think if you're making this determination where there's no meat, this is the only thing I'm going to eat. Well, one man, that's a lot of time, effort, and energy that you're spending specifically on your diet constraints that could be allocated to being a better dad or well, Maybe they could do all those things too.


Maybe. I don't know. I think their philosophical point is a good one. I think their, their ethics, the, the morals, the, their perspective is that I wanna live a life of with the least suffering possible. I think that's noble. I really do. I think the problem is life eats life. And I think that's the real problem. And I think the problem is, if you're buying just vegetables in the store, boy you need to take a good look at monocrop agriculture. Right. 'cause it's fucking bananas. Yeah. You know, there was a Taylor Sheridan in Yellowstone. There was a scene where Kevin Costa was talking to the hippie lady. It wasn trying to like shut down ranches and shit.


I forget what her, her thing was, but he was explaining how if you're on a vegan diet, you wanna kill the most things, become a vegan. Become a vegan. Because you don't understand, like if one life is one life, okay, if the life of a gopher and the life of an elk are the same thing, and why wouldn't they be? Why wouldn't they be? You have no idea how many things have to fucking die to make mono cropp agriculture. It's a blood bath. They kill everything. Right? They kill groundhogs, ground squirrels, you fucking name it. Ground nesting birds, fawns, everything gets gobbled up by combines. It's an enormous industrial operation. It's not natural.


So now you're limited to organic plants. Okay. So if you're growing all of your own food and You know, you're growing a lot of soybeans, a lot of different things. Like if you go hemp, if you're in a place where you can grow it legally, hemp is actually a really good source of protein. Right. It's, it's actually got a really complete amino acid profile. You can, You know, you could survive, you could do it that way. But if you're a regular vegan, if you're just a person to, like, I get vegan pizza at the supermarket, shut the fuck up. You, you're contributing to this mass slaughter of small animals. You're just not aware of it. Have you, have you watched that Netflix docuseries on it's basically vegan propaganda. I forget what its name. Is It the Game Changers?


That one Probably The movie to do. Yeah. Did you watch That? Yeah, I know the guy did it. I had 'em on. Well, I, I thought it was fascinating, like from a wide variety of reasons, but more importantly, So I went and got some vegan cheese. Yeah. And he is like, tried it and I was like, okay, it's not bad. But I mean, dude, it's, it's a laundry list of ingredients associated with making this, which seems pretty insane to me. Versus what's the ingredient on a good cheese Milk? Right. It's so dumb. This, this thing's Like a, like a dissertation of ingredients, Bro. And it's so processed.


Yeah. That is literally what it is. If you want to be, I said that a million times. You wanna be a vegetarian, eat Indian food. They make delicious, delicious vegetarian food. Yeah, yeah. You don't have to eat fucking vegan cheese. Stop pretending. Stop lying. Stop eating to foodie or whatever the fuck that shit is. Get outta here. Get out of it. Get the fuck outta here. That's nonsense. What are you eating? And also eat mollusks. People should look into that. Those things are so primitive. They're way more primitive than plants. We just have a problem with them moving. That's all it is. If, if people, like, they don't even have nerves. They don't feel pain. Right, right. They're fucking the simplest of organisms yet. They're protein is like animal protein.


It's really good for you. Do you eat oysters? Oh yeah. Yeah. Eat the fuck outta oysters. Every now then I hear about snails, some dude dying. Yeah. I eat escargo. Oh yeah. But every now and then I hear about a dude dying from oysters. So we were in Normandy, this is super funny, funny story. So I, I went out to the 80th anniversary for the Normandy invasion, took a bunch of dudes out there, and my kids and I are out on this beach and I'm taking my pocket knife out and I'm just chopping the oysters off the rocks and eating oysters straight out of the ocean. Oh wow. And my girls are running away from me. They're like, this is the grossest shit I've ever seen. And then pretty soon they got into it. So then they're trying to find me the oysters to bring them back and show me where they are.


My wife was like, you're gonna fucking die. Like you're, you're gonna, you're gonna poison yourself. You're eating these like right outta Normandy. Like the, the, it's one of the beaches out there. All Munition are in the water. Yeah. Like I don't give a shit. And then I had to, I'm eating them and then I quickly searched, Hey, are there, are there any toxins after I've eaten like three? Are there any toxins in the oysters in Normandy? Thank God. It was like, You know, 99.9%. Like I live, I'll live on the edge here. Yeah, yeah. When I lived in San Francisco, you could collect o mussel. There was like muss that were on the rocks.


But then I, I think I brought 'em home once, but then I found out that there's like a couple months out of the year that they're poisoned. Yeah. You get like red tide, right? Yeah. So I was like, like I dodged the bullet, but I was like, what's that bullet? Because you could just go find muscles and, and pluck 'em off of things. Let me, let me ask you this. Like, so if you were to move back to California, okay, but to ha take Texas politics with you, That's not really possible. But if it were, I'm if was, I'm, I'm taking you on my imaginary Journey. Would I, would I move? Yeah, Yeah. No, no. I Like It here. You like the weather? I Like everything. I like the size of it.


I like the way people behave. People are super friendly. I like the scene here. The restaurant scene's amazing. The comedy scene's amazing. Live music. A bunch of cool people now. Like, so, so many of my friends moved here. Yeah. I love it here. Yeah. I just love the vibe. I love that it's, You know, it does, it's, I love that we're not connected to the Hollywood machine. There's, there's like a pull of deals and shows and things that you get roped into doing. 'cause you think about the money, they'll pay you, right? And then you wind up like becoming one of those people. Like you have to say what they say you have to be.


If you're not politically aligned with them, you're gonna lose gigs. You change your behavior. I see it with so many comics. They, they're really good comics coming up. They're, they're like, wow, this guy's gonna be good. He's really good. He's getting better all the time. And then they get a fucking show. They get a show and then they tone everything down and everything gets softer and everything. You know, you start seeing some like bullshit jokes in there. Like, oh, you decided to cover this joke, cover this subject just for like, just for like street cred. Progressive street cred. And like, you see it happen, you're like, ah, you got called into the rocks, the sirens, they called you into the rocks. That's what it is, man.


They call you into the rocks. You stop, you stop being you, you stop being you because they dangle that carrot in front of your face. And there's no carrot out here. The carrot is just podcasts and other comics. Right. So that's way better. There's no control, there's no manipulation. Yeah. There's no, someone's dangling this over you. You have to agree with what I agree with. Like, no one cares at all about any of that stuff here. Like It's, it's freedom in and like, and we were talking about it, the other, I think it was today, right? Where I was like, You know, another comic was like, oh, can you believe they're a Democrat? I'm like, no, it's weird. Like, or whatever. Right. You know, and yeah.


But it's, It's fine in the context of, I think cons being a conservative I, 'cause I don't necessarily say like, oh I'm a Republican. I'm like, I just believe in less government. Like I, I don't like bureaucrats at all. I have a high degree of skepticism and anything that they say, and I typically will question anything an elected, elected official will say. So for, for me, I'm like, I don't care if the guy next to me is gonna vote for, You know, whatever alternate politician I care about. Like what are their ideas? Why, why do they think a certain way? What are they doing? What, what kind of a human are they?


And what is the character of the individual? Like am I gonna disagree with them? Yeah. But who the fuck cares? Like, that's kind of fun. Like, it's kind of fun to disagree with people and debate them and have a, a different opinion versus being in an echo chamber where people all agree and they're all kind of lockstep in their belief system. It's kind of fun to have some wing nut talking about socialism half the time you're like, oh, what the fuck are you talking about? You believe in that. It's like some Orwellian nightmare man. And If you could have a conversation with someone where you're friendly with each other and completely disagree, it's a beautiful dance. It's a fun dance to talk to people that have just completely different perspectives. But you're not rude to them.


No. You just ask 'em, well why do you think that? Well, did you ever consider this? And you have conversations like two normal to people just having a conversation. Okay. Alright. So that's what you think, huh? What was your childhood like? Just get into shit. Like what are we dealing with here? Like why do you have this perspective? You know? And you, you have to be able to talk to each other. And there's a bunch of people that we hang out with that have totally different opinions on all kinds of things. Like my friend Josh, who's here the other day, love him to death. He told me he voted for Jill Stein. He said he voted for Jill Stein just like a protest vote. Wow. I think the two party system's stupid. I'm like, yeah, okay. Right, right. Yeah I get it. Look, I voted, I voted for for two libertarian candidates in a row.


So I voted for Gary Johnson and then I voted for Joe Jorgenson. Why? Because I was like, this is, this whole thing's gross. But that's like California. I knew it was gonna be blue anyway, California's always blue. I thought it was like a legitimate protest vote. And I guess he was in Florida. So that's a legitimate protest vote if you wanna put that to be, it's gonna go red anyway, whether you Like it or not, It's gonna go red. Yeah. Florida goes red Hard. When they saw Miami go red, they were like, oh boy. Yeah. Oh boy. And one of the things that they were saying, like the whole, like what goes red and what goes, like, if you look at the country, like California is way more red now than it's ever been in the Oh, the last four Years.


I didn't know that. Yeah, it's a big difference. If you look at, there's a map of California, how it voted from 2020 to 2024. It's a giant swing. It's like, it's the red's going like this. See if you can find it Jamie. It's very interesting. And that's not because people have been radicalized. No, that's because the left has gone fucking cuckoo. You guys have gone crazy And you're authoritarians. You want everybody to behave and believe and think and talk the way you do or else. I've always Look at that. Look at the difference. Holy shit. Holy shit dude. That is Wild. Yeah. It's most of California.


Yeah. By landmass by far. Yeah. It's probably 70% by landmass or 60%. What is that blue up there on the east side? Like what is that close to? Is that like Tahoe? That's probably where they grow the weeds son. Oh yeah. What is that? What is that? Where, where, where are you guys at? You guys gotta be like Tahoe or What is that one Like? That's gotta be like Trucky or something. You gotta shut off that blocker. These fuckers. Here it goes. Oh these fuckers. Oh you have to get a s. Yeah. Go to the other. Just the image. Just the image real quick. I See. I've thought about this because I always tell people California is my, my favorite climate. Yeah. In in the nation period. It's The best.


Yeah. That's it. So what's the one in the upper? Well it's not, I can't click on it. The one that's blue. I dunno. It's counting. Yeah. I guarantee that's where they grow the weed. Yeah. They wanna keep everything nice and quiet up there. Shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up everybody. Shut the fuck Up. Hey man. We don't want these guys to like criminalize weed again. That's, they're fucking Where? Where's humble Jamie? Where's Humbolt? It's up north Up here. Somewhere up there. That's where they grow all the best weed. That's where they have problems with the cartel too. Cartel grows weed up there too. The cartel grows weed in California. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's what I was going to, that's what I wanted to ask you was about the cartel. Do you think that they're really gonna, that one was Humboldt. The one you guys were asking it. Wasn home Boy.


Oh shit. Okay, there we go. You're Right. Yeah. They grow all the weeds, hun. Yep, There you Go. Yeah, there's a dude named John Norris who's been on the podcast. He wrote a book called Hidden Wars and he was a game warden. So he's just thinking he's gonna go around checking fishing licenses and shit like that. And then one day they find a creek that's been diverted so they have to follow the creek. That thought maybe a farmer had like damned the creek somewhere and done something to get water illegally. He goes up there and he finds these PVC pipes and all this And it reads this giant grow op And it is all cartel guys. And so this guy's job changes from being a game war. Lemme check your fish mind. Right, right. To running a fucking tactical unit.


They had attack dogs. They had attack dogs. They had fucking shootouts with the cartel in the woods over weed. 'cause here's what happened. California made weed legal in the state but made growing it a misdemeanor if you grow it illegally. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So if you are a person who's doing it legally, you can grow it and you can sell it if you have a license, right. You can open up a shop and you can sell it. They tax the shit out of it. It's great for everybody. But the problem is you made growing it illegally, a misdemeanor. So then the cartel just starts growing it everywhere in the national forests. Because even if the guys get arrested, nothing happens. Right. It's a misdemeanor. So it's nothing. Yeah. So they're using these crazy toxic poison pesticides.


All these shit that's totally illegal to use on regular crops in America. And 90% of the illegal weed that's being bought around the country is coming from them. Holy shit. I didn't know that. And they're doing it all in National Forest and they're doing most of it in California. Dude. They find these girls, my friend found one. You know him Cody? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. He found a fucking grow up on Tahoe ranch. Really? Yes. Oh my gosh. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. He found a cartel grow up what? The on Tahoe Ranch where a, this guy carried in pipes on his shoulder And diverted a stream Deep into the woods, diverted a stream.


And then there was this whole field of weed that these guys had planted out there. They were camping out there. They had little religious symbols and shit. They kept by their bed to protect them like the Virgin Mary and shit. What do you think I, I've heard this. This is what I wanna talk to you about Because it pertains to the cartel. It's like, what do you think about releasing seal team six and Delta force on the cartels? What do you think that looks like? Well, I think you've solved one problem. Okay. What's the problem you have? You no longer have distribution, but you still have a demand. You still have a demand. Yeah. The real problem is there's always gonna be a demand. The real problem. And I don't think there's anything wrong with that idea, by the way. Okay. I like that idea. Yeah. But the problem with that idea is you're always gonna have a demand.


And if you're gonna have a demand, someone's gonna fulfill that demand. And who the fuck is that gonna be? How are they gonna get the Coke in? You're not gonna just not have coke. So here's the question. By having prohibition of alcohol in the United States, it's widely, widely agreed that that led to the rise of the mafia. Right? Bootleggers, yeah. The mafia criminal organizations that were organized crime that went on to do a bunch of other horrible things right inside our country. And they were built up with money because alcohol was illegal. The moment alcohol stopped being illegal. You still have these people with all this money now you fucked up. Now there're organized gangsters and now, You know, okay, alcohol's legal now, so they're just gonna sell it legally. Right? Right. And they have millions and millions of dollars from a life of crime.


You've already done that with the Cardell. You gotta do, you just gotta, you gotta do something. You gotta do something. And you probably also should legalize drugs. I don't think you should take drugs. I think Coke is probably terrible for almost everybody. I think meth is probably terrible. Do people, people Still do cocaine? I, I Absolutely. Really? Yeah. Like it's really a Thing. I know people do it. Chinese investment in illegal American weed of, of course. Why wouldn't they get in on It? Check out this number that it says here of the 2000, or sorry, of the 800 farms, the OBS in Oklahoma, the Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics has shut down in the last two Years. 75% were linked to China. Oh my God. China's a growing weed here.


They're growing weed here. Oh my God. I Was thinking about that from the Wizards. I was thinking about this from the thought exercise where I'm like, 'cause I, You know, I, I know these units. I'm intimately familiar with them, bro. If we declare war on the cartel, like these, these dudes are not gonna understand what the fuck is going on. No, of course Not. They they are, they are gonna be 'cause God stop the distribution guys. That that's gonna be, yeah. They, they are in for a world of like ultra violence they've never actually felt before Because it, You know, obviously this is a, a very capable, ultra violent organization.


They have fucking no clue if we organize these tier one units against them, this is gonna be what I would be doing if I was down there. I'd be like, I know all those shoe boxes in my fucking, You know, my walls that I'm gonna have to collect up. I'd be getting ready to retire right now. That's what I would be doing. Because if Delta force was hunting me, bro, I would be so terrified. Is that a real thing that they they've proposed doing? Yes. That is a real thing. Who Proposed that? I, I'm almost positive. Either JD or Trump had said something with the new guy from ice. Like, we're gonna mobilize tier one units against the cartel. I, the only thing I thought was like, retire, if you, if you guys, you guys got some money, man, I would like put that away.


Yeah. You know, like maybe move Jamaica Restaurant. Go somewhere. Yeah. Buy a restaurant. A restaurant. Like try go legit because Yeah, go legit dude. If those guys are hunting you Yeah. By, by the way, like, you're done. You're fucking done. And it's a weird thing that that's going on right at our border. So strange. It's a, it's a weird thing 'cause it's so close to us and it's so ultraviolet and dangerous and it's just completely shaped the way the entire economy of the country works. You know, they, they're, they have so much power and control and it's a criminal organization that is entirely, almost entirely at least funded by us, by our desired Trump declares war on cartels.


President-elect said notorious crime syndicates and drug kingpins will never sleep soundly again once he launches his plants to tackle the issue. I I've thought about this for a long time where I'm Mike, if they, if they turned loose Delta force and seal team six on cartels and pedophiles, we could just kind of like erase the problem in about two years should be gone. The Quote he wants to send troops to Mexico. He said, we make appropriate use of special forces cyber warfare. Another overt and covert actions to inflict maximum damage on cartel leadership infrastructure and operations. Oh Jesus bro. And it is going to get wild. It's getting wild from January 20th.


It's gonna get wild, Man. It is gonna get wild. Very interesting. But the thing is like people inaction is action as well when it comes to this. Like you're just, you're going to continue to prop them up. They're gonna get more and more power and more and more money. And we gotta figure out why everybody wants Coke. What the fuck is it? You think it's Coke? I think that's the big one. I'm pretty sure it's the big one. I'm sure a lot of it is pills. They have fake pills. Like they sell like street pills, street You know, different like anti-anxiety medications. Molly, there's a lot of stuff they sell that's also laced up with fentanyl, which is responsible for, You know, who knows how many tens of thousands of died. It's like 200,000 people is what they're, what they're saying is that Fentanyl is responsible For that.


Something crazy high. Crazy high. It's insane. It's, it's a horrific thing. And it's gotten to the point where people are scared to try any kind of drug. 'cause they're thinking fentanyl, they, they found fentanyl in weed. You know what? Yes. People, they've found fentanyl laced weed. Yeah. People are dumb as shit, man. You don't think they'll try putting fentanyl and weed people are dumb as Shit. Yeah. Yeah. They'll try all kinds of things, right? People are retarded. They'll, I know people that have mixed MAO inhibitors and mushrooms and acid altogether. Like what are you doing? Are you trying to go to space? Like what are you doing man? Jesus Christ. You just in Your brain, what was an MAO inhibitor? What'd you just Say? An MAO inhibitor.


Monoamine oxidase inhibitor. It's the, the, the ingredient in ayahuasca that makes DMT orally active. So d monoamine oxidase breaks down DMT in the gut. That's why when you eat, like, like if you eat a salad, that's why you don't trip balls. Got it. Okay. Because otherwise like most plant, some crazy number of plants have DMT in it. So Like how many plants have DMT in it? I think it's like a thousand or something. You nutty like that When, when you think about the legalization of psilocybin. Yeah. So Texas, and this is what I know about Texas because they're leading, I think a lot of research specifically related to vets.


Apparently the former governor Rick Scott is really into this. Rick Perry, Rick Perry, excuse me, Rick Perry, because of his relationship with Marcus Latrell and some of the other guys in the community, he has been leading the charge on this. Do you think that from psilocybin being legal in the United States, do you think it would be an issue? Do you think it would be an issue at all? I don't know because you're gonna get people trying it. They wouldn't try it before. You're gonna get people that use it irresponsibly. Just like you get people that drink irresponsibly. I think that's the situation that we find ourselves in. If we're gonna give people personal freedom, they're gonna make bad decisions. You know, you can buy a Corvette, right? Yeah. You can go to the, the, the Chevrolet dealership buy a Corvette right off the lot that goes zero to 60 in four seconds and you're flying around corners.


You, you're, you're a, you could be a fucking maniac and kill people in a Corvette or you could just enjoy it on the highway and be responsible and say, wow, what a great car. This thing's awesome. I love it. Right. And you don't cause any problems for anybody. No. You both things are possible. That's what's gonna happen if we make drugs, legal, you're gonna have people try those drugs that probably shouldn't be trying those drugs. You're gonna have people get addicted to those drugs that maybe wouldn't have gotten addicted if, if those drugs weren't available to them. Especially if they weren't legal. If you could just buy it somewhere. But if you don't rip the fucking bandaid off of this like in infantilization of society and let people know that there are things out there that they're telling you you can't do.


And the people who telling you you can't do them, haven't even experienced them. And when it comes to things like psilocybin and, and psychedelics, like if you haven't experienced them, you really shouldn't be talking about 'em. You have no idea what you're talking about. Yeah. You just, you ha you can't possibly know. You can't know. And if you do, if you have experienced them, then you're probably gonna agree with me. You're probably gonna agree that there's some, like some serious benefits to it. 50. Yeah. God, I thought it was a lot more than that. Just at least 50. At least 50. I had read something, it wasn like in the hundreds. I can't, I can't find a solid number. I mean it's in a lot of stuff. But, so the point is like, I know Polaris grass is like really rich with DMT and there's, that's also the acacia tree.


That's what one, when they connected, there's like a university in Jerusalem that connected this idea of Moses and the burning bush to a DMT trip. Oh right, because The acacia tree Yeah. Is like rich in DMT and the idea of burning it. You see God and God gives you this message and tells you what to do and what, what the rules of behavior are these, I think anybody telling you that these things should get you locked up has clearly never experienced Them. No. They, they never have. Like I, I spent all of my life with a top secret security clearance like most of my life, like from my twenties to like my forties. Right. And my personal experience with them, this is before, You know, before we went public, but my personal experience with them was my, You know, my, my problems were rep after rep cycle after cycle of combat, after like relatively high stress scenario after scenario after scenario.


And I was having a really, really hard time trying to directly connect with love. I, I actually could not connect with that experience. It was really difficult. And my wife and I were going, we were going through this, this ongoing debate and dialogue with it. And she's like, you need to try it. And we tried it it fast forward probably 20 years of talk therapy for me personally. And it gave me this, this like direct connection with this, this feeling that I hadn't felt for years. And this is the feeling, and this is my point with, with, with vets and especially from the combat vets.


The guys have got rep after rep after rep with over pressure and explosions and a lot of violence is that they lose context with this really important feeling that you have to have, which is you have to have direct love for your family, for your spouse, for yourself. And if you've, if you've killed that by all of the things that you've done, you've built a scaffolding, this artificial scaffolding on top of this, it creates a callous and you gotta be able to break through that from a And it, from a psychological perspective, an emotional perspective, it accelerates that back.


And you can kind of reset you. You really can. Yeah. I can't imagine, I, You know, I was thinking about this from like, my dad's like 80 years old, right? Like, man, if, if he's got, he's got lung cancer now. And I'm like, gosh, if he could like coalesce around killing ego in past and try to understand himself from a different, more introspective way, this would take decades maybe of talk therapy or a session. Yeah. Where could you could really accelerate your growth as an individual?


I think that's what for, for g Wapt vets and for vets in general. I mean, I think that's what they're, they're missing this key component is being able to retouch with their emotional strength and be able to balance these things out where you can evolve and live your life. Yeah. Do you think, you've said it before, I don't know if you said it on a show, but do you think society would benefit from it? I think a lot of people would benefit from it, but I think a lot of people wouldn't. I don't think people with real psychological disorders should be doing it right. You know, I think people that are really fucked up and having a hard time with schizophrenics, people, You know, I don't know.


I think it's probably dangerous for you. I think it's probably a bit of a stress test for your psyche. You know, you hear about these stories, like the guy from Pink Floyd that dropped acid and freaked out never came back. There's those stories, like we hear those stories of guys just go out there and kind of you lose them. I've kind of seen it with some people. I've seen him with one, one kid who was just like smoking a ton of weed and just lost his mind and became schizophrenic. And you don't know, like did he have a tendency towards schizophrenia already? Did he fall prey? Was he just his unique biochemistry and how he interacted with weed? Was it just inveterate weed? You, I mean he was every day he was smoking weed constantly. What is it?


Like what, what caused him to crack? You know, I don't know. I don't know. But I, I don't, I don't have that problem. And I, I think it's very beneficial and I don't like when people tell me that because someone has a problem with something that I shouldn't do it. I don't agree with that. I think you should be allowed to take chances as a person. I think if you want to do BMX jumps and fucking do flips on your bike, you should be allowed to do it. You wanna do juujitsu and have grown men try to kill you? Go ahead. Go do it. Do whatever the fuck you want to do. I don't think anybody should be able to tell you what you, what you can and can't do. But why does that change when you talk about substances that someone puts in their body? Well, because those people could do those and then they could commit crimes. But those are already crimes. Like you already go to jail for those crimes.


So like, if you do something violent because you're on a drug, you're, you, you're going to jail Because you did something violent like there's a crime. You committed that crime, you go to jail. So like we already have laws to fix like that address all the problems and you're assuming that more problems would occur. We don't know that. We don't know that. We don't know that more people won't chill the fuck out and wouldn't have a dramatic decrease in violence across the country. Imagine that. Imagine you have a few people that lose their fucking mind, but you have a dramatic increase in consciousness through the entire country where people develop like a mushroom culture and people start like microdosing all the time and people get way more comfortable with talking to each other. Way more creative, way more like community oriented and love oriented.


That's not a bad thing. No. That's, that's a real possibility with something that exists right now. There's a happy pill. It's out there and it's illegal and it's, God made it, God made it right. And it's probably the source of most religious experiences. It's probably some sort of a connection to a lot of those religious experiments or experiences rather. And what was probably some sort of a psychedelic adventure that they went on. And who's to say that that's not even how you talk to God in the first place? We don't know because it's been, it's been held back from us. It's been kept from us. Like we're a bunch of babies. It's something that human beings have used for thousands and thousands of years.


The Greeks use psychedelics to start democracy and yet here we are in the greatest democracy the world's ever known in 2024 with full access to the internet, all the data that's available, all the anecdotal stories, and it'll get you locked in a fucking cage. That's nuts. That's really crazy. It's completely insane. That doesn't make no sense. I've tried to look at it from all different ways. I do agree with you. If and when people say if you make cocaine legal people are gonna die. Unfortunately, I agree with you. But if you don't make cocaine, legal people are also going to die. I don't know which one is more. And I don't know if it was just real cocaine versus cocaine mixed with a bunch of other horrible shit.


If like the real cocaine wouldn't kill as many people. I don't know how many people are dying just of cocaine and how many people are dying of fentanyl, lace cocaine, right? I bet it's way more fentanyl in cocaine. So if you have just pure cocaine and the same amount of users, you're gonna get way less deaths. So that's a net positive. Then you take taxes from that sale of that legal cocaine and you use it to sell, read rehabilitation centers where you give 'em iboga, give people the ability to break addictions. It's possible people do it. They go to Mexico kick opioids. People do it all the time. All the time. My friend Ed Clay did it. That's how he got into it. It's he started his own clinic because he went down there because he had a PA pill problem.


You get an an injury you do in Juujitsu, you're always fucking hurt, right? These guys get a disc problem and their arms all fucked up. They take a little pill, you feel better, but then you need three pills, then you need four, then now you're fucked. And now there's nothing to help you other than iboga. And that's illegal. So you make that legal too. So with those two together, who knows? You might have way less deaths and then you would have taxes that you could take from that stuff and use for all sorts of things. It would be horrible for taxes from cocaine sales to fix the schools. But what if that's what did it, right? What if that's what did it? And what if the exact same amount of people buying cocaine are still buying cocaine?


What if that is the fix? And what if responsible use of drugs, all kinds of drugs. Sure. Don't drive a car when you're coked up. Don't take heroin and fly your plane. Right? No responsible use, just like responsible use of alcohol. Why is that so crazy for us? Why is that so alien? Because we've been turned into babies. We've been turned into babies where you're allowed to take pharmaceutical drugs that make you high as fuck. Whether it's high as fuck on Adderall or high as fuck on opioid, that's fine, but you can't go out and get yourself some mushrooms. That's just crazy. And for these people that are the ones in charge that are making all the money from these decisions to keep up with this insanity in the internet in 2024 in this tide of change, I feel the same way about them.


As you feel about those poor cartel members, like you probably should be doing something else. What is this? What weed and fentanyl? Short answer is they're false. There's no solid evidence that marijuana is being laced with fentanyl. Here's some of the reasons why his didn't someone get caught with it though? It Said this at the bottom it says that there's been a few publicly stated like media stories that have said it's, that's what the case was. But lab tests, I think we were talking about one then they said there was weed, it wasn laced with fentanyl that someone got arrested for. This is lab tests claims that they were errors and then the corrections don't make the headlines.


Hmm. How do you get an error How much fentanyl is out there? That's a error. Oh, we, it was just contamination. It wasn wasn't the weed that had fentanyl fentanyl's all over the place. It could have just been a field test. They could have just been like, does this have fentanyl on it? They rubbed the weed and the weed comes back like, yep, someone touched fentanyl and they touched the weed and now you've got fentanyl laced weed. Wow. And it Could be that easy that, that actually does make sense, right? Because if you think it's some cracked out dude working the we fields for The cartel, Right? Yeah. He's probably gonna be doing fentanyl. Yeah, he's gonna be doing fentanyl. He's gonna be, he's gonna be all on everything basically. So it's gonna pop positive on everything. He Guy's in a tent completely sense. He's on a tent in the fucking woods with a little virgin Mary statue. Like for real. I know. Those guys get candles.


Fucking Bro having shootouts with the fucking, the cops. It's so crazy that that's going on and that there's hundreds of 'em and then the Chinese are running them. Like this is the most insane part where it's like everybody knows what's going on. How crazy. It's Like It all these chemicals are coming from China, they're being offloaded and in to Mexico and South America. They're being like produced and then cross and then they're pushed across the border. Everybody knows. Do You, do you ever talk to Mike Baker about any of this stuff? No. I, I've never actually talked to Mike Baker with Other, do You know him? You never met him? No, I've never met him. Oh my God. I'm bring I gotta bring you two guys together. He's, I love that dude. But what he, one of the things that he was telling me was about the Chinese cell cell phone towers like cheaper, right?


They're like, you just buy ours. We're not gonna listen to you. And they put 'em all around military bases. We Promise we're not gonna listen to you. Hey guys, the Chinese said they're not gonna listen to us. I mean that's good enough for me. They're around this nuclear weapons facility. Of Course They're all over the place and then they buy land. Like Dr. Phil was highlighting that. And they buy land right next to military base. Like how fucking silly are we? This is so we're so silly. Like someone's moving our chess pieces around like, oh, this isn't happening. This isn't even Happening. People don't think Like that. There's no way they'd be buying up all the weed. There's no way they'd be buying up all the farmland right next to the military. There's no way they would be exporting chemicals so they could manufacture fentanyl to come in and there's no way eviscerate 200,000 fucking people.


There's no way They would, there's no way. There's No way they would do That. There's no way. That's crazy to even think. Meanwhile, the only way you can get those chemicals from China. Yeah, definitely. The only way you get it is from China. They send them to Mexico, they cook it up, they send it our way. Who? But no, that there, there's no way that Chinese are thinking that maliciously. There's no way. There's no way. There's no way. No. Well, aren't they still mad at us for like the opium wars? I think the Chinese are not necessarily mad at us. They're just thinking about themselves from a hundred year vision. And they're saying, okay, where do we, where, where, where and how do we ascend to being able to take place, take America's place as the, the international superpower.


Right? So I don't know if they necessarily have an opinion base ax to grind. It's more about how do we put the pieces together to take the pole position away from the United States. I'm sure that's their primary goal. But I do remember reading something where they were talking about, was it British? Who there was people that introduced opium to the Chinese, like on purpose. It was like campaign, the first opium war. 18 hundreds. Okay. Britain. The war was triggered by China's efforts to enforce its ban on opium. The British responded by sending a naval expedition to force China to pay reparations and allow the opium trade.


Yeah. So the British wanted to keep that fucking dope flowing. Isn't that wild? They went to war to keep the dope flowing. This is what people have to recognize about Afghanistan too. Yeah. This is something that, it sounds so conspiracy theory that no one even wants to touch it, but the troops had to guard the poppy fields. A Afghanistan, heroin went way up when we went in there, went way, way up. Their production went way up. They were supplying at one point in time. What was the number Jamie percent? 70% some, was that what it was? 70%? Yeah. 70% of the world's heroin was coming out of a place that we had occupied.


Well, and the other, the other issue is that, You know, the Taliban was using the opium and essentially to fund their growth in the, their militia. So the DEA was out there. So you had the DEA out in Afghanistan doing direct action ops, and you had soft guys that were going out, walking through poppy fields and marijuana fields and all these other things. Then you'd pass it off to the DEA 90%. Oh, 95. Yeah. And 2021. Yeah. 90%. 90%. Holy shit. Holy Shit. You de destabilize the entire country. You deter everyone from actually focusing on the opium.


You focus on terrorism and the Taliban, and then you allow it to flourish. And the the dirty secret nobody wants to talk about from, from that, from that perspective is, is that we've, we as a country have dealt with a lot of shady opium dealers, like drug lords that were essentially exporting opium. And if they weren't part of the Taliban and or if they were anti Taliban, you'd do business with 'em. It's the same story. Yeah. It's what's your triage of priorities? So You know how, oh, hey, we, we need to get, You know, we, we need to fund our army in South America. So, hey, how do we do that? Let's, let's like, let's, let's import some coca, You know, let's, let's invent a market because we gotta get, You know, we, we gotta push back against the commies in Nicaragua.


It's the same story. It's a deter. Do You know I, I've had freeway Ricky Ross on like Oh seriously? Three times serious. I had him on recently. I had him on recently. Yeah. And he was the guy, he was the guy. It wasn making millions, millions and millions and millions of dollars he couldn't read. He was making millions of dollars selling coke for the fucking government. Myanmar overtakes Afghanistan and the world's top opium producer see violent political turmoil in Myanmar. In, in years since 2021, coup has contributed to a production increase. Wow. So they took over and check that too. What's that? Check this up. Meth is cheaper than beer there. Wow. Whoa. There's a lot of drugs going on there.


Like, whoa. 25 cents each. You know what I mean? That's all. Imagine for a quarter you could do meth. The golden, the golden triangle. Like imagine doing meth, dude, imagine doing that quarter meth For a Quarter. What kind of judgment do you have? You pop that 25 cent meth and fucking chug it down with a Budweiser. What are you doing, man? What kind of life are you living? This guy say he took 10 pills his first time. Oh boy. 10 Pills. How did it Work out? I took 10 pills and I was totally lost. Didn't recognize my family. Whoa. Didn't recognize my children, Son. Couldn't sleep at all. I didn't drink. I didn't eat. I felt powerful. The last one's so perfect. I felt Powerful. I felt powerful.


Yeah. Look, I don't think that should be legal, but Well, here, I don't think you should do it, but I think it should be legal. I think if it's not legal, the cartel sells it. You just have to figure out what to do with the money that you're gonna make from it, because that's devil money. Like you're, you're selling meth money. Like that's devil money. You're ruining people's lives. There's gonna be a bunch of like slippery people that are kind of, kind of hanging on, but doing their best and you're gonna meth them down the road to oblivion. That's true. That's true. That's true. But that's not gonna happen to me, that I'm not gonna get methed out. I'm not gonna try it. I don't even even tried Adderall. I'm scared of it. So some people are gonna figure it out. Just like most things in life, just like drinking, just like driving, just like doing juujitsu.


Just like riding a BMX bike. Some people are gonna get hurt. So we have to decide what's more valuable to you. Nerfing the whole fucking world. Or people figuring out what's best for everybody. And the only way to do that is to give people freedom. That's it. It's the only way that works. We figure out what works, what doesn't work by successes and failures. And we all adjust along the way. But you gotta give people freedom. Freedom and information. Those are two very important things when you're suppressing either one of 'em. You can't be the good guy. No, No, no, no. You're not the good guy. You're not the good guy. Freedom has to be sacred. Yeah. Across the board. Which freedom comes with accountability, which means responsibility.


And that's the problem, is that when freedom, I think when you can distill it down and you can create control, then you can create profit. Yeah. So power, control and profit, those things, like they directly have this confluence where people in power obviously manipulate that and they'll restrict our freedom to Yes. Especially if they can make more money. 100% Have more control, have more power. And if Covid taught us anything, it taught us that we can't forfeit freedom to low IQ power hungry bureaucrats that wanna affect our life because they're stupid. So why would we ever give away our freedom to a bunch of stupid bureaucrats?


Like Exactly. That to me is the fundamental difference between the entire election process. Yeah. It's like how do I maintain or increase my individual accountability, which comes with freedom, right? And how, if we wanna capitulate that, that's the other side. I think that's a referendum on freedom. Yes. I I I, I don't wanna oversimplify it, but that's kind of where I think it is. It's Where it is you, you're not oversimplifying it. If you don't have that, you don't have any of these things. No. You don't have any growth. You don't, you have, you're gonna have people that are in power that stifle discourse. They're gonna stifle debate. They're gonna stifle it because they only want their side to be heard. It's that lady at the table telling me that Sam Harrison.


Douglas Murray was hate speech. It's those people, right? Right. You're gonna have those people dictating what you can and can't talk about based on their own morals. And you don't even know how they think about things. You don't even know them. They don't do podcasts. They don't, they're not hanging out with you at the bar. You're not going to dinner with them. You don't fucking know them. So you don't know if they're making good judgment calls. You don't know if they're assessment of something is something you agree with or if it's even rational. You don't know. You just these weird strikes. You get on your account and you get like this fear-based letter that comes to you. If you do this again, you're fucked. You're like, oh no. Now what do I do? Well, I better self-censor and go along with the machine and stop misgendering people and stop doing this and stop doing that and stop saying this.


And, and then you're fucked. And then you're fucked. And then you might as well be living in any other country that's controlled by a dictator. It's just a dictator by a different name. Right. It's all it is. It's fascism, but it's not right wing fascism. It's left wing fascism. It's adherence to the state. They want you to go along with the mandate, the way they talk about things, the way you have to talk about things and to think of anything. This election was a giant fuck you to all that where everyone was like, fuck, you guys are fucking crazy. We see where this is going. You going right off a cliff and you're running. And if anything that showed you about that, the, the, the Harris budget, which he spent a billion dollars, 580 million of it or something like it wasn for staff.


Yeah. 580 million. And there's all this money that went to all these outreach groups and all these different and, and celebrities and like, what the fuck is this? And then they're $20 million in debt at the end of it. And you wanna manage the economy. This sounds crazy. This is a What did you do? Like what happened here? Who went crazy with the checkbook? Yeah. That's who went hog wild. Who went hog Wild. Nobody in the administration has ever been in business. Right? I mean, I like nobody find Out what the numbers were to staff 'cause I wanna be accurate about that, but I think I am.


I think it was 580 million. And I was watching this on Fox News and they don't Lie. No, they don't. No, they never lie. Didn't they get they they had a giant lawsuit, right? The Dominion lawsuit. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn a big one. They got hit. I had a piss. Alright, let's, let's take a little break here, ladies and Gentlemen. We'll be right back. Yeah. They said it on Fox News, Jamie. So it has to be true. It Has to be true At Fox News, right? Yeah. That's way better. Oh Fuck. No. Better than Fox News. This Patrick. Be David. I know, I know. I I telling you, I see the tweets that say that, but Fox News's website says the campaign spent $56 million on payroll and payroll taxes. So what's that other money?


I look. But didn't but wasn't there all the money that they had spent on activism? Yes. Yes, Yes. That's, didn't they count that in staff? But this No, I don't, I don't know. I This all comes from like Twitter. I don't know where they Get the number from. Well, it comes from Twitter, Jamie. It's real. I'm just telling You. Stop being a fucking party pooper. There's People asking for their S Up and lemme see what this says. It says stop, but no. So, I'm sorry, scroll down a little. I just wanna see what it all says. So it says, Kamala raised 1.003 billion. She spent 1.37 billion. She spent 582.53 million on staff.


That's, that doesn't add up. 'cause I saw she spent 680 million on ads. So those two numbers, You know, there's no money left over for everything else. Right. So one of the, one of the two isn't correct. One of 'em is how much does she spend on ads? 680 million or something. Oh my God. That's like the, She could have done my podcast for free. Dude, that, that is like the, the, the secret. It's not even a secret when it's campaign time and you have all these ads, these ad guys that are out there. Yeah. They're buying up all the ads and it's a wash in money. Yeah. It's hundreds of millions of dollars. And they're just pipelining campaign donations into ads.


And it's like loading up their money guns and just shooting it into space. That's what they're doing. They're doing that is what it's like. Right. I know. And they've been telling people that this is effective. Yeah. And so they have this, this business going, It, it's, it's just complete absurdity d which don't get me wrong, I, I, I actually, politics is so fun for me because I think it's, it's really interesting and it's like it's, I I can't get into football or anything else because I, I like the data associated with things and I've, if I got into football, I'd be like one of those fantasy football dorks and I can't get into it.


And so politics is one of those things where I'm like, I follow it. I love it. It's interesting just trying to understand the strategy behind it. I've changed my opinion of it a little bit since the election. I don't think the, the control, the grip of the control of the country is as strong as I thought it was. I thought, I thought this concept. So everyone has a concept of, they, they don't want you to know things. They're controlling things. I have a feeling that in times of crisis, like what we find ourselves currently in, it's like when the lights come on and roaches scatter. That's what I have a feeling. I have a feeling there's no way that they can trust each other and that they all know that a certain percentage of people are going down for corruption.


There's a certain percentage of people that did some dirty shit. Yeah. There's a cer there's some connections with organizations and corporations and some emails. Save your emails. It's one of the things that Rock R FK k said. Yeah. It wasn one of the best. Preserve your records and pack your bags, dude. So epic. Yeah, that's epic. Preserve your records. 'cause we know you're all a bunch of liars. Yes. We, we we've caught you already on emails lying about stuff. So this is, you've all perjured yourselves, like fauci perjured himself. Yes. There's no just the, just the definition of gain of function. Like shut the fuck up. You don't change the definition and make it ultra super nuanced so that it fits in your little excuse box of why you didn't fund gain of function research the fuck you didn't.


That's what you did. That's what it is. And when Rand Paul was confronting him with it, it wasn like one of the craziest moments you sir, do not know what you are talking about. It's like an evil villain. Yeah. An evil villain that just lied to everybody and got away with it and no repercussions. Well, I think that's, I think that's like the story over and over for these guys that are empowered. There's no repercussions. Yeah. There's no accountability. I oftentimes think of Dick Cheney as a guy sitting back in, in like a high back leather chair in a, in a, in a big, in a big black tile office that's completely shiny with a white cat on his lap.


Like just petting it. That that's the way I think about that fucking guy. Like, fuck that guy. Like how I, these guys, You know, to keep flashing back to this, but it forever fucking changed me, right. Where I'm like, these guys fucked up so many people's lives, like countless, countless lives. And the fact that they still think they have public trust with zero accountability. Yeah. Man, How wild was it when Dick Cheney was endorsing Obama, or excuse me, was endorsing Kamala? Of course he was. And everybody was like, yeah, look at that right wing people.


Yeah. Like you might as well have painted. If if you would've been a NASCAR driver, he would've had a Lockheed Martin fucking jersey on Right then. Yeah. At that point. Or Satan. Yeah. Yeah. Satan, Lockheed Martin fucking working together, sponsored by Satan patches on his uniform. Like It Chappelle you fucking Chappelle Ski where it's like politicians. Yeah. Yeah. Had, were there NASCAR drivers? Yeah. I like the Mesh. Satan would be amazing. It just all caps on the back. Satan and the liberals would still find a way. It's, You know what? He's not, it's like satanism in the classical sense. It was just like a rejection of the norm.


I mean, think about it. He's a fallen angel. You know? I mean, think about how, how bad that is. You know, we have to, we have to think about it. Dick Cheney's basically a fallen angel, If you've seen those Babylon bees gets where it's like Satan talking to the, the Democrats about like, dude, you guys fuck This. You guys, you guys jumped the shark on this. What are you doing? It's, it's so good. Did you see the Babylon Bees one recently where they were talking about criticizing Trump's new appointments in comparison to Biden's appointments? Have you seen it? No. It's just images. I can, I can, I can fucking see It. See, you can find it, Jamie. Because it On the Instagram, it's that one dude. It's, it's The bald dude with the dress. It's the other dude who's the first female admiral.


It's the first female admiral. Imagine if you're a woman and you're trying to become an admiral, this motherfucker just jumps the line. He Is Like, okay, yeah. Cool. It's, Have you seen it? You find it like That whole thing with like the, it it's like the Avengers United, whatever. Here it is. Check This Biden Administration declares Trump cabinet picks unqualified. Oh God. Yeah. Like if you just look at that thing and then you look at like, and when I say things right, it's just like, you look at this thing and then you do a direct comparison. Like, okay, You know who scares the fuck outta me who that new borders are? Oh dude, he's a bad motherfucker. He scares me. He scares me. I I I imagine myself with a backpack sneaking across the Rio Grande and that fucking guy's there.


No. Yeah. Like what, What did he say? He was like, ah, About families. Is there any way to not separate families? Yes. He deported 'em together. Deported 'em all. Hey, You know what it reminded me of? You remember that M Like, it's just like he said it. I was like, whoa. Well, this is getting dark. Yeah. See, I'm like a, a bleeding heart. Like I want people from another country that are poor to make their way here and make a better life. I want that. I just want to be scanned. I wanna know who the fuck is coming over. Right? I wanna make sure they're not cartel members. I wanna make sure they're not terrorists, but I'm all for people that want a better life. 'cause I would do it. It'd be, I'd be a complete total hypocrite if I said, I lived in Guatemalan some village and there's no power.


And I found out that I could walk to America and if I did it, it'd take three days and then I can get a job in the fields and then I make way more money. I could send money home and everybody could have clean water. I'd fucking do it. You would do it. We'd all do it. So I get, we'd All do it. That's so part of me is like, man, I don't wanna send anybody back. But the other part of me is like, what about terrorists? Like what about, what about checking for cartel members? What about the fentanyl that's coming through? Like, you can't have an open border. I, I believe in it. Like, I believe in a meritocracy. Right? It's like, may the best idea prevail. May the hardest workers prevail. The problem is, is when we export all of our manufacturing to China, when we have an like South American, we have a border crisis.


Yeah. Yeah. Obviously I'm a coffee guy, So I think about coffee all the time. And I think about Nicaragua, Salvador, like all of the South American, central American countries that grow coffee. And I talked to farmers and all we have to pay them is five or 10 cents more a pound, depending on the coffee. And most of the time when I'm talking about coffees, I'm like, yeah, no problem. 10 cents more, who cares? What that allows them to do is build schools, pay a livable wage, all the things that they need to do to be successful in Guatemala, Nicaragua, wherever they're going, wherever we're talking about.


So I think about this like, okay, so we're exporting these manufacturing jobs to China, and if we are just talk concentrating on economic policies in this hemisphere where from a national security perspective, if we're exporting jobs to South America, we're creating economic opportunity and mobility in South America and Central America. We're creating jobs, economic stability, generational wealth, and we're also solving one of the issues that we're having, which is a border price, a border crisis. It just doesn't seem to make a lot of sense to me to say, Hey, we want to export. And I know this started with the Nixon administration, and You know, you have essentially slave labor, which I'm 110% against, which I don't think in any way, shape or form we should support economically.


So if we were to export and look at this from a manufacturing and industry perspective, from this hemisphere, how do we align ourselves around strategic stability? How do we protect against our border crisis? How do we still import? Because I mean, I, I know Americans love their cheap goods. Like they love their shit. You know what I mean? They still want to have this decreased labor cost. I I think investing in south and Central America is just not a bad thing. If we're not gonna invest in America because of the cost, then we have to invest in this hemisphere. Well, it makes sense that if you wanna make the world a better place, and if you want less people trying to sneak into our country, one of the best ways to make their country better.


Right. But we gotta do it ethically. The the crazy thing, and we, this is we've beaten this horse a thousand times, is that everybody has a phone and everybody's phone is made by slaves. Right? I mean, it's, if it's not made by slaves, the cobalt that's in it up, it's a, there's a real high chance that it came from someone with a fucking stick poking it into the ground and digging it out for you. Right. And that's everybody. We have to take a hard look at all this stuff. We should be making our phones, phones in America. We should make be making our phones in America with American minerals. They're their source for people that get paid a fair labor rate wage. They get health benefits every, there's osha people check on things, make sure that regulations are in place. Make sure that people get, like, make sure that they're making enough money to, to make a living, to live a livable wage that you, you have to do that in America.


If you wanna do it legally, the only reason to do it somewhere else is so that you can do something legal, because it's legal there, but it's not legal where you live. It shouldn't be legal to have people working in another country for you for fucking 15 cents an hour. It's just No, it's too crazy. It's too crazy that you just, you cross this dirt path and now you're allowed to be a piece of shit. Like, it seems crazy. But if you're doing it the right way and you're paying people well and you're allowing people to like thrive in a place where there was nothing before. Yeah, you can, you can give people a pathway to do a lot of different things. Economic success opens up a lot of fucking doors. Especially with education. Especially with safety, with schools, with better communities. People have money.


They don't, there's not so much tension. Yeah, it's good. It's good to have a thriving industry. It's good to have a thriving economy. It's good for everybody. It's just not good for everybody. Everybody. There's always gonna be people that suffer in every kind of economy, in every, every kind of situation in the world. There's gonna be people that suffer. And like we were talking about on the way here, like some of it's just luck. There's a lot of luck. You know, there's A lot of Luck. Luck is luck's a real thing, You know, good and bad. And it's, there's, You know, that's one of the most important things about having some success in this life, You know, is having the humility to understand that you just got lucky as fuck. You're lucky as fuck if you're alive, especially you.


Right. You're the lucky as fuck. You're alive. That's All lucky dude. I'm, You know how lucky I'm like tenfold order. I, I got all my fingers and toes. It's, it's great family. Incredible, incredible business. I Think. Good friend of mine. God man, like, it's so incredible when you think about like the birthplace lottery of, of hitting the jackpot. Like holy shit. We, I think in, In this time too. Yeah. I think we're so lucky in this time. I think I'm particularly lucky because I grew up before the internet was at all like, how old are you? 47. So I'm 10 years older than you. So when I was like 30, no, I think I was 27 when the internet became like a normal thing to have in your house, and you had a dial up and you turn on America got mail or you got mail.


Yeah. You've got mail on a OL. So from that point on, the fucking world changed so wildly and so quickly that we weren't even really noticing it while it was changing. And now here we are, here we are in 2024 where it seems like the most chaotic, the most weird. Trump just won again, somehow or another I helped him like all this fucking crazy. Like this is the wildest timeline ever. This is the most we're talking about. This is the most optimistic Yeah. I've been in, in our country. Yeah. This is the most optimistic I've been in my adult life. Yeah. That period, the moment that he won like that in a landslide, I was like, maybe they don't have such a grasp and maybe this will open up the door to making things more rational and balanced.


Right. And we could stop a lot of this fucking awful corruption that's just intertwined like the mycelium that's under the soil. Yeah. The corruption just intertwine. And a lot of it's legal corruption. Dude. It's, it's, it's insane When you think about, You know, obviously I, I'm super interested in the military industrial complex, but when you think about, You know, we had, we'll say 50, 60 military industrial contractors, the start of nine 11, and then now we're down to five and we think of $860 billion of annual data associated with the defense budget, which has gone up since our height in the world on terror or the war on terror.


And we have five guy or five big companies that are basically taking 50% of that eight 60. And then 50% of that is profit. And how is it, how is it happening when you think of this triangular effect between the military industrial complex and okay, you have the revolving door between the Pentagon. So every star that comes outta the Pentagon goes back into the military industrial complex with X amount of years of disassociation, blah, blah, blah. It's okay. Then you go back into the military industrial complex. So you go into like Lockheed Raytheon, one of the top five.


Then you have congressmen and senators that are making decisions specifically related to the budget and the military, the defense budget, they're lobbying to increase defense spending, but then they also have factories that are related to like the F 35 or some big military contract where they're making 40, 30, 40, 50% in profit. So they're the guys that are lobbying to increase the defense budget. Their campaigns are being paid for by the military industrial complex. They're directly increasing the military budget.


It's, it's a self licking ice cream cone. It's insane. It's completely insane. And the fact that we don't have any strict firewalls and separation from an and Ethics And it and, and I'm, I'm not against people creating jobs in their state. That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying the fact that there are not strict firewalls between the fact that you're going to directly profit and or your campaigns are paid for by the people that you will lobby to go in and increase the taxpayer's liability. I I was thinking about this the other day. I was like, if, if the taxpayer had an itemized look at where their taxes go when they just like came out annually or once a month or whatever it is, and they looked at what they were paying for, I'm pretty sure they might have a more vested interest into how much they're paying, what they're paying for and saying, You know what, maybe we shouldn't be asleep at the wheel.


Yeah. Maybe we should probably pay a little bit more, pay more attention to this. Isn't that amazing that you don't get an itemized list, but you're required to give an extraordinary percentage of your money to the government? Like, what is the tax bracket of someone who makes a million dollars a year? What is that 40%? 40%? Yeah. 43% probably. So, Okay, let's imagine you're paying 40% in income taxes then if you live in California, you pay another 14.4. I think it is something like that. And then I think it's another 1% if you live in the city of Los Angeles. Yeah. So now you're down to 30, what, 34%? What do you get there? Somewhere in the high thirties.


So then you have sales tax on everything you buy, you have property tax, you have insurance, you have whatever your house costs. You don't have a lot of money left over. No. And the government doesn't even have to tell you what they're spending it on. Like, you probably get less than they do if you really think about it. If they get 40% in, let's just say you don't have tax shelters and all that good stuff. But if you get, if you pay 40% in income taxes and then after all the shit, like after all property tax and state tax and this tax and sales tax and like, what do you have? How much did you get? What did you get? How much did you, how much money did you actually get?


Yeah. 70. Like I bet the government got more than you got. Bitch, 70% of your time at work is, is working for the Fed. Yeah. That is so bananas that you don't even get an itemized list of what they spend it on. I have to file on my audited financials. Right. I think about this all the time. I have to, it's a requirement and I have to pass them. Right. The Pentagon hasn't, hasn't passed an audit in decades. They they have like 60%, we'll just say 50% of the Pentagon's expenses. They're like, I don't know. I don't know where it went. Sorry. She outta look taxpayer. So how is it, it's, it's this rules, rules for the not for me.


Don't they? That's the rule. Always miss their audits. Yes. They, how About how many times did they miss their art? Its insane. Who? The irs, the pen. The Pentagon. Yeah, The Pentagon. Oh, how many times this, I think it's like, it's crazy numbers too. Like Whoopsies. Oops, I just forgot about that $300 billion. Article 1 20 21 Says they've never passed An audit. Yeah. There we go. There we go. There we go. So it's rules, it's rules for the, not for me. They've never passed an audit, But there is never Yeah. Come on. Never, never. The Pentagon's accounting records are so convoluted that billions of dollars cannot be accounted for charges a new government report.


Oh my God. Oh my God. That is so crazy. Never. Yeah. And, and, and there. And you'll go to jail. If you don't pay these, you'll go to jail if you're not paying your taxes. That is so like you haven't survived an audit. And it funny, it's so funny, despite having trillions of dollars in assets and receiving hundreds of billions in federal dollars annually, the department has never detailed its assets and liabilities in a given year for the past three financial years. The defense department's audit has resulted in a disclaimer of opinion, meaning the auditor didn't get enough accounting records to form an assessment. Like, sorry, we don't have any paperwork. Yeah.


With the money. Go. I forgot. Gotta go. I'm just a, I'm just a military guy. We are just trying to keep America safe. Yeah. Like It, that's what it is, man. What if all it's going to UFOs? Huh? What if it's all of it's going to UFOs? What if all it's going to some propulsion research thing that they're doing? They got UFOs. They're just not telling us what are they spending it on? How much of it is getting greased into the side pockets of people? But even then from a transparency perspective, does it not shake out for us? Because if we were saying, yeah, hey, we're gonna spend, I don't know, let's just call it a hundred billion dollars on like black fund experimental technology Right.


To maintain our strategic hedge of money. Okay. Yeah. I Like It. Wrote, said it like that. That's not Official. Do you think, do you think that we, we would all be like, no. I mean it's better than not passing a fucking audit where you're like, right. You don't know where it goes, man. Yeah. I'd Rather you tell me that. You can't tell me than tell me you don't know. Right? Tell me. You can't tell me. Tell Me. You can't tell me. The spike costing more than 1.7 trillion in its estimated lifecycle attempts to audit the program have run into major hurdles of the F 35. So this is just the F 35. F 35. I could hide some Propulsion money. It could 1.7 trillion. It probably just one program. I'm I'm sure look, if area 51 exists, and now we know it does for sure.


It was a real base. They said it wasn't a base forever. And then during the Obama administration, they had to expand the boundaries because surveillance equipment and binoculars and telescopes are getting better and more sophisticated. And they were filming things that were flying around, they shouldn't have been filming. So they expanded the boundaries. They had to say that Area 51 existed. Right? Right. So what was that? Where'd you get the money? What'd you do? What, what are you doing down there? Why do people say you have UFOs? What the fuck are you doing? Why do you have a base in the middle of fucking nowhere that's built into the side of a mountain? Like, why are you guys acting like this is an Avengers movie? What are you doing out here? Once again, it goes back to just transparency. Yeah. Like, Or you can't tell me Because you think I'm a fucking baby.


Like the same reason why you think I can't have mushrooms. The Same reason why we can't have full disclosure of the JFK assassination. Right. There's 4,000 documents. We haven't even, have we talked about the JFK assassination on this thing yet? I think we have, Have we like gone down the rabbit hole? Have you? I haven't down the rabbit hole of multiple people, including, But have you heard my theory? No, maybe not. I don't know. What's your theory? So my theory is Like, It all goes back to the Bay of Pigs. It's all Bay of Pigs, it's all Cuba, it's all Bay of Pigs. And so I'm looking at it from a paramilitary CIA perspective and thinking about it from Allen Dulles, which obviously like he's in charge of the Warrant commission after Kennedy fired him.


Right. So I I'm giving everybody a kind of a, a, a summary Dulles airport explanation. Yeah. Dulles Airport, which is the Dulles Brothers, the single most two powerful fucking people in Washington, even during the Truman administration. But either way. So what happened, I think was so Operations Aada, which is also George HW Bush's first oil company that he supposedly left fucking Connecticut and went out after his Yale, You know, his Yale tenure after World War II was like, I'm gonna be an oil guy and start fucking Zapata Oil. Yeah, of course. Right. Even though his bad's dad's best friend with Alan Doles. Sure. Anyway, so, so Operations Zada, which it, it, it turns into the Bay of Pigs and Kennedy gets read in on this.


He says, yes, let's go. And then when it comes down to the day, like, I mean, you've built 1400 let's say, You know, 12, 1300 man force, that's, that's a CIA former Cuban exile Army. You've built it in. Alan Dulles has been the main architecture. He's been the main architect behind this. You've got all these guys. So let's even go back. These are all OSS, world War ii, world War II guys that let's, let's create a clear delineation between what they're doing and what they, what they think the president is doing.


The president's like, yeah, yeah, he's elected. Fuck that guy. We're the agency. Like, that's the way Alan Dulles actually ran things. He wouldn't, half the time he wouldn't even brief the president on what he was doing. So he puts together this thing, clears it through Eisenhower. Eisenhower says, yes, let's go take those fucking, You know, Cuban come's out, they put together a 1100 man force. They've been training on this. They've got secret bases in Guatemala. They've got all these paramilitary CIA guys. They're ready to take the beach. They're expecting air support because without air support, that changes the entire tactical equation.


Like if you don't have air support, there's a lot of things you just don't fucking do. Period. So the mourning of Kennedy denies air support for the Bay of Pigs. So the mourning of, so these dudes are taking the beach. These are hardcore, like CIA trained paramilitary guys, Cuban exiles and World War ii, hardcore regime change, combat veteran. Like these are the hardest motherfuckers on the planet that we have. He pulls air support, he left 1100 guys on the beach to die.


Basically these guys all get rolled up. So they lost about 60 guys. 24 0 6 is the name of the, the brigade. 60 guys died a thousand plus, got put in Cuban prisons. Now you got an Axe grind. You just pissed off the entire CIA paramilitary organization. I don't know if I'm the president. I don't know how, I don't end up with a moonroof to be honest with you. Like I just pissed off the guys that are actually in charge of like assassination, paramilitary all of the dirty deeds around the planet.


I fire Alan Dulles for this catastrophe of the Bay of Pigs. I've got a thousand plus guys that are in prison in Cuba. I've got a, the entire former OSS hardcore anti-communist, anti-Castro Castro organization of the CIA pissed off. If you don't think they're not gonna tee a guy up like some pro You know, commie Oswald guy in a, You know, in a yeah. In a multi-story building in Dallas. If you don't think you're gonna end up with a hole in your head, you're crazy. To be honest with you. That's the way I'm looking at this.


So they end up getting these guys out, but man, he pissed off A lot of super capable guy means opportunity. Intent means opportunity intent. Which is now you left me and my buddies on a beach in Cuba, bro, you are not gonna get outta here unscathed. I'm just, Yeah, That's my theory. I think that along with all the other stuff means there was probably a bunch of people that did not want him around. Oh yeah. He wanted to get rid of the cia. Yep. He, he had his eyes on the Federal Reserve. There was a lot of crazy talk about secret societies and You know, you've seen that speech about secret societies.


Oh yeah. Yeah. And there was, he was a, a real threat. And as soon as you can get those killers to want 'em out too, well now you got a problem solved. Well, You had a bunch of guys that thought he was soft on cute. He he was soft on Russia. They had a bunch of dirt on him because he was, he was banging a bunch of chicks. All of which, okay, well, You know, maybe it's true. Maybe it's false. I don't fucking know. But I mean, I think it's fairly validated at this point. I think it's pretty true. And you've got a, you have a a, a collection of people that are, are thinking this is a zero sum game. This is a cold war. If you're weak on Russia and you think that the guy's gonna bend his, You know, he's gonna bend a knee to the bear.


Right. You've got a lot of you, you've got, you've got this confluence of interest where it, it's inevitable. And I think, and he's also not universally loved. We think of him as being universally loved because he is dead. Yeah. But when he was alive, like there's a lot of people that were not fans of his in the red states, probably particularly in Dallas. Dallas was driving through Dallas. He had LBJ that's from, it's from, What's, what's amazing about it really is how sloppy the whole from Sloppy as shit. The whole thing from autopsy to the fucking magic bullet lane on the gurney to having to come up with a magic bullet theory because of the ricochet and the underpass.


Like It, the whole thing is so clunky. It's like such a shitty explanation. You couldn't kill one extra guy and say there was another guy over here. We killed him too. Yeah. You guys are, this is such a shit job. You guys, you don't have one other idiot you can get, get out there one other idiot. Give him a bad rifle and just fucking shoot 'em. But they don't have any, they don't have the context of what we have, which is social media. Right. Of course. Right. You know, I mean, when did the Za PDA film? It was like 12 years later. Yeah. And it was on the Geraldo Rivera show, which is completely Dick Gregory. Dick Gregory, who was a standup comedian, brought it on the Geraldo Rivera show. Are you serious? I didn't know That percent. Dick Gregory, who is a standup, he was a lot more than that too.


He's a, an activist, but all but like a real one. You know, not a, not in any way. Some sort of a social value grifter. Which a lot, I think a lot of people like gravitate towards activism. 'cause it gives him a chance to be really shitty because they're Right. He was a brilliant guy. But it was also a guy who like, was a truth seeker back when it was really hard to get to the truth. Yeah. I mean, this guy had to acquire a copy of the Saru film when and Time Life got ahold of it, apparently like right after the assassination. And they just kept it, they just kept it. They just kept it. And when you watch it, you realize why they kept it. 'cause you see his head go back into the left And it looks like he does get shot in the neck from the front.


He holds his fucking neck. Yes. Like this. He doesn't hold the back of No, no. He holds his neck like this. Like that's impact. That's where it hit him. And then his fucking head goes back into the left. And we're supposed to think that this fucking guy did all this from the school depository. Maybe he did take a shot or two from the school book Depository. I, I don't think he was innocent. I'm not of the camp. Like it's a binary thing. Like is he either Lee Harvey Lee Harvey Oswald was a patsy and the CIA killed him or Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone. That's a stupid way to think. I think for sure. They used him. They they probably gave him a rifle. He might've been in that window. He might've just been in the building. He might've been in the area. Who knows. I think he probably did shoot that cop, like when they were chasing after him. It seems like he did kill that cop.


I think he was an asset. But I also think there was a bunch of people shooting at the president. And if you look at that era, you've been to deal, you've been there, right? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. When It's a weird, it's a weird street to drive down. It's weird too, right? Weird. It feels weird. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, oh shit. This is where it's a lot smaller than I thought it was. It's tiny. It's really little. Yeah. Like when people say he couldn't have made those shots, like, shut the fuck up. He's right there. He's right there. He's Like right up. Like literally you look up and the building's right There. And he had a scope. At least he had a scope. That's what's crazy about the kid that tried to kill the president, but tried, tried to kill Trump. He didn't even, he had iron sights, Which is insane, But it's not if you just go center mass. But this dude's doing it for a headshot, 140 yards. And he's probably never shot anybody before. No. He's a 20-year-old kid that they just somehow or another operation MK Ultra mine fucked him into shooting at him.


Or he's on some crazy medication or, or China or who knows, who knows what they did. It is a chip in his head. Who knows, who knows what the fuck happened. But You know, And then some mobster, some some like happenstance mobsters just so passionate about Kennedy. He is like, I'm gonna kill the, I'm Gonna Lee Harvey and people are letting him in with the pistol. Yeah. Bang. It's so dumb, dude. It's, It's, Then You know what happens to him, right? Yeah. He dies of cancer. Like It before that. Before that. No. Huh. Jolly West visits him in jail and he goes crazy Jolly West, who's the head of MK Ultra. Oh yeah, yeah. Jolly West. Who's the guy who got Charles Manson, the acid allegedly from the book Chaos. Yeah. He goes into it.


Jolly West went to visit Lee Harvey Oswald and, or excuse me, Jack Ruby and Jack Ruby's on the, the ground underneath his bunk, crying in the fetal position that they're, they're murdering the Jews with fire and he's tripping balls. This guy dosed him up with acid, blew his fucking brains out. And then they probably injected him with cancer. A Hundred percent. See you later. Fuck face. I think you have this outside. So what if we don't wanna go all the way back and you wanna just know my like Yeah. 2 cents on this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So Dulles knows that eventually the president is gonna, like, they're gonna snuff him out. They're gonna fire him. Dulles decides that he's gonna have this whole separate CIA that's CIA guys.


But they're all really very trusted in, in, in internal external guys. And I think those guys are essentially his guys. Mm. And they get hung out to dry in the Bay of Pigs. They're not attributable to the ccia other than loose affiliated documents. I think Doles gets fired and they're like, okay, let's go, let's, like Alan Doles didn't want to be answering to the president because he didn't answer to the people he was answering to a bigger call. In his mind, he's answering to, this is an eminent threat.


The big communist bear is gonna come and eat our lunch. So he's answering to the greater good, which is a, a reason for like, the backdrop of the Cold War is a reason for a lot of this nefarious activity. Like Angleton, like all these directors, everybody looks at these guys as like really nefarious characters. But you have to paint everything in the backdrop of the, the, the Cold War. Like, we're doing all this stuff to save America. Right. And I'm not validating them, showing them they have, We have to understand that perspective. Yes. 'cause it wasn a big thing. Even when I was in high school, They, this is the Cold War. They're going to fucking kill us all. They got NUAs.


They're gonna NUAs. Yeah. So we will do, it's very Machiavellian. The means justify the ends, right. Anything and everything to save the nation at any point in time. So you have guys that are baptized in extreme patriotism and their belief is that they are doing things for the best of the nation. And that if they have an elected official, they can't be trusted. They can't be trusted. And they're, these are guys that are in, You know, I went out to Omaha in, in for the 80th. These are, I, it's so interesting for me to think back on this because these are guys that are World War II vets that, that, like, they saw everybody die.


You know, I mean the, the, the Soviets lost tens of millions of guys in World War ii. They were defeating fascism, which is, You know, they were defeating the Nazi party, You know, the Japanese army. And they've seen thousands of men die. And they're serious guys. They're not, they're not lighthearted, they're not full of love. Like these are guys that are baptized in ultra violence, to the point of which this is a zero sum game. And we have everything to lose and nothing to gain by being nice. And nobody will get in our way to being able to maintain the sovereignty of the nation once again, I'm not justifying it.


I can just get into the mind of them. I understand what you're saying because if I'm jumping into Nazi occupied France in, You know, 1940 x, because a lot of the OSS teams went in there and I'm get watching my friends get fucking mowed down by Nazi machine guns, and I'm killing Nazis and I'm moving my way to overthrow Hitler. And now I feel like Stalin is the next thing that I have to defeat. But the American public just doesn't understand. Mm. I, I'm like, I'm 1945, man, I've, I I have been quite literally baptized in blood and I'm not gonna let it happen.


Now you think about a high intellect type, a driven, ultra violent guy that may be semi coherent based on their, their copious consumption of alcohol Probably. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well old, You know, a lot of these programs start to make sense because these guys are like, they're fucking serious guys and they think that we're gonna die in a nuclear holocaust. Right. And everything the means justifies this. It's a very Machiavellian I don't necessarily, once again, I'm not trying to say that like every evil deed is justified. I'm just saying like, I've seen the beaches in Normandy, I understand greater than a lot of, a lot of people with combat will and the, the direct psychological and emotional effects, what it'll do to people.


And I can, I can kind of see myself going like, Hey man, if I'm a 26-year-old guy that just went and fought the Nazis, and I think that the, the big bad bear is coming after me. Right. Man, you're a pretty serious character. The, that feeling of the big bad bear coming after us got lifted with the fall of the Berlin wall, with the fall of the Soviet Union. All that stuff went away. The fear when I was a kid, that fear was everywhere. You know, I've talked to so many people that are like my age or around my age that remember being a child and being worried about a war with nuclear bombs with Russia. Yeah. It was constant. It was in the air when Khrushchev banged his shoe on the, the, the table and said, we will bury you.


I, I watched that video on YouTube just like a month ago. And it's still scary. The two fucking so scary begging issue. And when he said, we will bury you, was that a direct quote or was that propaganda? Let me, that one feels fishy. I bet that's one where it's like a little bit, well, that, that I think it wasn More slippery than we will bury you because, You know what I mean? Like, when you're getting, getting your Translations, it wasn a direct, it wasn a direct response to when we agreed we, we have this mutual agreement between the Soviets and Khrushchev wasn't like, Khrushchev wasn't actually a, a Stalinist, he was making very big reforms in, in, in the Soviet Union.


And so he felt betrayed by the U2 spy missions that were taking place when we a after, You know, after they shot down the U2 spy plane in Russia. And because we lied, he was like, bang, bang, bang. And I'm, I'm fairly certain that's what that whole thing was about, because I think that makes sense. Bishop was a man of honor. Oh, I see. And it like, these fucking guys are lying to me. Oh. And I mean, Stalin was a shit bag. Don't like I I'm of course, but Khrushchev was like making significant reforms within the country. He was an Anth. He he was, he was broadly condemned by a lot of the old, the, the, the Stalinists as Here it is.


I don't, I mean, I think, I don't see him banging a shoe in the video. He's banging his Hand. Oh, he's banging his fist. Yeah. I Thought he banged a shoe. The video says, did he bang a shoe? That's a scary language when they're yelling at, I Know. Put that under a couple pints of vodka. Someone was saying this, but it's so true. There's nothing scarier than Russian Muslims. Like the fighters touching You Fucking bad. But fuckers, fighters, Russian Muslims are the fucking scariest fighters. Dude.


I think if there's like one group that I would categorize, like what's the scariest I might be Russian Muslims. This is From the CIA's website. We will bury you Threat widely attributed to Khrushchev in Western press was reported to have been made at a sendoff reception to Poland's gum Kaka in Moscow November, 1956. According to Time Magazine, Khrushchev was overheard to say at the fine final reception to the, for the Polish leader, if you don't like us, don't accept our invitations and don't invite us to come to see you. Whether you Like It or not. History is on our side, we will bury you. So he said that to Poland. But it wasn a in a, wasn't that in a police song or a sting song?


The Russians love their children too. Wasn't that Scorpions? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I think it was a sting song. Really. Sting song called the Russians. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It was saying Khrushchev said he will bury you. So they probably, it was probably some fake news, just like how they said about Trump saying the very fine people on both sides. It's, it's always been, it's, it's been fascinating to me because I think about the Russians and how many tens of millions of people they lost in World War ii. Yeah. And I think about very empathetically how they got fucked. They really did. You know, I think, and I'm not saying we, we we did anything bad.


I'm just saying like, what we did was we delayed the invasion of Normandy. And we felt like a lot of people think this was that we were trying to soften up the Soviet Union because we felt that, that they were a follow on threat in World War ii. But we, we delayed the invasion intentionally, essentially to let You know, a lot of Russians, millions of Russians essentially die on the Eastern front. And when, when you really think about it, when You know from, You know, those men from my context in in, You know, combat from how I think about combat, how I think about death.


Like, those guys had a significant ax of grind. 'cause they're like, we need fucking help. We need you to open up the western front. I'm not validating Stalin, because once again, I think he's a complete piece of shit. I know what you're saying, but Yeah. Yeah. Is a, is a Russian Right. Knowing That inoculation, knowing that we delayed the opening up the western front to go and take over essentially, You know, Hitler Nazi, not Nazi Europe. Because at that point, obviously, it wasn't just one person. Yeah. We have a significant amount of mistrust with you guys because we lost Yeah.


You know, 20 million people plus the civilian population. I mean, some estimates of 30 million fucking people. And you guys opened up, Normandy came through, and then you're telling everybody that you won. You're, you're the reason you won World War ii and you're not even giving us any validated credit. They, they had invaded Japan before we, we dropped the bomb. And, and the Japanese were just as terrified of the Russians as they were the Americans. However, I can see from the Russian perspective going, man, we sacrificed millions of people to defeat the Nazis and you guys are basically giving us no credit.


So I, I think back and I'm like, man, 1945, like where, where these guys were at. 'cause they're all about my same age. We went to combat roughly the same, same age. And there were a lot of people that were debating all of these issues back then. 19 45, 19 46, they were talking about, You know, not only Stalin, but You know, Patton was talking about like, we need to just keep going. Right? Patton was talking about like going, we need to keep going. We need to defeat Soviet Russia. And Eisenhower was like, actually, no, you're crazy. Fuck dude. I think that's what he said. You know, I think that's what he's like, Hey, fuck dude. Like what are you talking about, pat?


And you crazy's Basically what he said when he addressed the nation. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And it wasn right after that. So I I, I keep thinking about myself in that. Like those guys, I think about myself a lot of times too, where, You know, 20 plus years after the fact, like, this is 1968. This is 1968, man from our war. So from 1945 to 1968, give or take. Yeah. You think about all these gwot guys that are being pointed. It's kind of a cool revolution. But 68 was a very important year in American history. I think 24 was a really important year in American history. Yeah. Yeah.


24 is a big one. The one we're in right now is a big one. Yeah. I think when, when people look back at history with these great moments of change, I mean, think about how, You know, people look back at the Reagan administration, like when Reagan got elected, what a landslide. Like, they look back at those days. Like we look back at like these historical moments, but I think this one is crazier than any of 'em. This guy gets kicked out, they try to put him in jail multiple times. He gets shot at, he says fight, fight, fight. He, he, and then he wins and he wins in a landslide when they're all saying that it was a close race. And the, the whole thing is just wild to watch. It's like, this is nuts. Like this, this show's nuts.


If you're watching this show on tv, like these writers are fucking amazing, whatever they're doing, like, keep doing this. This show's crazy. This twists and turns. You got your crazy billionaire character who doesn't even seem real. It doesn't even seem real. This guy's making rockets, electric cars, robot. He's fucking, there's no way buys Twitter because he wants to save free speech. What? It's Insane. And the people that used to love him now hate him. The people that are driving their Teslas around like, God dammit, they're angry. But you still have a lease. You know, you still have your Tesla, you hate Elon, you hate X. And Don Lemon said, I'm leaving X's. Oh, weird. There's no good discussions to be had here.


Yeah, it's fucking boohoo. This is like, oh, you don't like c criticism babies? You don't like criticism. If you want, get into this game. Okay. You want to get into the, the online game. The online game's different. And in the online game, you get judged by who you fucking actually are. Dude, it's not about your producers and your teleprompter and shut up. You're on your own. Shut up. And people think you're stupid. You're going to hear it. And it might be because you're stupid. It might be, look, people say a lot of people are stupid. That are not stupid. I've seen people say brilliant people. I've seen people say, Elon Musk is stupid. I have seen that. Yeah. I've seen that. I've seen there's, you're gonna get, it's ridiculous. No matter what, you're gonna get it. Everyone's gonna get it. But if everybody's saying You're stupid, maybe you might be stupid.


You might be stupid. You might have been protected from that stupid by these network shows. If you wanna exist online and you don't like criticism on, on Twitter, or you think there's disinformation on Twitter, community notes on Twitter is the greatest fucking thing that's ever been created. Because people get to look through the community notes and find out, oh, that is bullshit, and here's why it's bullshit. Or, oh, that actually is true, even though it sounds crazy and people are protesting. It's actually true. That's fun. That's good. Yeah. That's, we learned something. If you can't handle that well, you can go wherever. Where do you go now? Where do you go? Where do you go? Threads What? People go to threat. Never the threats, but they were for a while. Pretty crazy. Seriously? They were for a while. Yeah. It's not gonna work, I don't think. No.


Have you ever had, I, I don't know. Have you ever had Zuckerberg On I works. Yeah. I like Zuckerberg a lot. Yeah. Yeah. I like him a lot. I think he's a weird guy, but you have to be a weird guy. If you're a super genius, a hundred billionaire who's into Juujitsu, he's a weird guy, but he's cool. I like him is I've had fun with him. Yeah. We, we played a fencing game together with virtual goggles. It was fun. What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. We both put on he fences. So we both put on virtual Goggles. He got online when he was like in Hawaii or San Francisco? No, we did it in the same room. Oh, okay. It was fun. Yeah. Yeah. The, the new Oculus is fucking cool. And you gotta wonder where that's gonna be, because when I first tried the first very first Oculus, it was kind of cool, but kind of crude in a way.


And with each new version of it, you get like, it's much smaller now. It used to be we had a cable and the cable was attached to the ceiling on a wire. Yeah. So that you can move back and forth through this. All these wires connected to you when you have the Oculus. So you had to be plugged into the computer, actually, but now you're not. Now it's just on your head and now it's fucking resolution. It's pretty god damn good. It's, and it's weird, like you do things like, you can go to a comedy club and you sit in the audience and there's all these other people in there. There's a comedian on stage. It's fucking strange. There's all these little online games you could play with other people. 3D shooters and shit. And you got goggles on. You feel like you're in the game. It's real weird. And most people are kind of freaked out by it. So I don't think it's like they went with that whole meta thing.


They thought everybody was gonna dive into the metaverse. But I think there's this uncanny valley between like, you put the goggles on and you're in the world and you kind of feel, you feel uneasy. Like, this is weird. This feels weird. VR feels strange. Yeah. Like a lot of people make some dizzy. They wanna take it off. Yeah. My wife is like that. Yeah, mine is too. Yeah. But I think they're gonna get to a point where it's not gonna feel weird. Like, there's some commercial applications, like there's a company called Sandbox, and they have this fucking amazing game called Deadwood Mansion. And Deadwood Mansion. You go into like this warehouse space. They have one in Austin. They have one in Woodland Hills where we used to go. It was right down the street from the studio. You put goggles on, and all of a sudden you're in a mansion, you got a shotgun, and zombies are running at you from everywhere, and you're boom, you're blowing their heads.


Seriously? Oh yeah. It's fucking amazing, dude. No one in my family wants to play it anymore. I I Why is it too intense? I Get very intense. Oh, fuck. Very intense. When I'm killing zombies. They don't Like It. They, it's gross. It's like, I'm like, come on, let's kill zombies. Like for Father's Day, I made them come kill zombies with me. I fucking love It. It wasn your Father's Day present. Yeah. Yeah. You told your parents. Yeah. Yeah. Kill zombies. Family's awesome. Daddy wants to kill zombies with everybody. That's fucking awesome. It's fun. You got a shotgun and they're running at, you're blasting their heads off and you get attacked from behind. That's Fucking awesome. And you have A haptic feedback vest. And you see red when they're attacking you, you see bla splatters of red in front of your face and they're attacking you and you're shooting 'em in the face. Everybody wants to do that, dude. Oh, it's so fun. Everybody wants the, I mean, yeah.


If we were like, oh, we're in a zombie apocalypse. How many dudes do You know? They're like, oh my God. Awesome. Awesome. You know, this is gonna be fun. They're so slow. They're so slow. And Oh, but these ones are pretty fast. The ones in this, some of them run at you. They run at you. Oh yeah. It's Like, It makes more fun. Remember that movie 28 days later, where of course the zombies were running. Yeah. Yeah. That's the scariest zombie movie. Yeah. Running Zombies are. That's the, that's the real zombie. The Walking Dead zombies. Get the fuck outta here, bitch. You ain't getting me So disappointing. Like the, the first like five seasons were great. How are They Not all dead, but how are not all the zombies dead keep, they all walk half a mile an hour. I keep More and more zombies. How's that Possible? Kill 'em all. I, it's so easy to kill 'em.


I can't get enough zombie movies. Oh, I love 'em. I love them. I love them. I love the post Apocalypse Zombie. You know what? I don't like Darrel using field tips. So stupid. Why is he Using field tips on his drobo Why's? So that drives me crazy. That drives me crazy. And he's Like pulling 'em out, loading them back up. And you're like, dude, come on, man. Like, you're like A, you're making me angry. You don't lose any fletching. You don't get any pass throughs. No, No pass throughs. It's all just like sticking in their heads. Like, what the fuck are you talking about? What the Fuck are you talking about? This is the dumbest weapon ever. Yeah. Darrel, That fucking field tip's. Gotta go, son. You don't have any broadheads. You gotta put like a, a a, a solid, like tri blade or something on there.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like get some good, Like get a really good A m good TRO car. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you want. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Like a, A motech. Those motech carbon steels. Yeah. Send it. What was that one? The hide? What was that like? Yeah, the hide like that dude. God. Yeah, man. That did a lot of damage. Yeah. I'm very impressed with that one. 'cause that one, I got the 125 grain one, which has the steel feral And it, it's got a two inch cut with the mechanical blade and a three quarter inch cut with the fixed, So it doesn't make a big hole opening going in. So two and three quarters. This is all technical talk, ladies and Gentlemen. Yeah. Two and three quarters. It's a broad head for archery. It, it's a, the, when it goes in, that's when the blades open.


So the rage, which I used to use. Yeah. Or the, the T two now. The Dudley version. Yeah. Yeah. That opens up on the way in. So it leaves a big hole all the way in. Right. But this one opens up inside. So really you're penetrating with the fixed head. And then once you're passing in, the pressure is what makes those other two blades go. So it really makes a pretty small entry hole. But the exit hole is a crime scene. The exit hole is a crime scene because you're going out with two and three quarter inches and it's just instant death for the animal. It's like super ethical. I think when it comes to like, the amount of damage they can do those mechanical, they put animals down so quick. So quick.


Yeah. There's something to be said for that giant cut that they make inside. It's just so different. Like Cam's, cam's he throw, he's using a catapult. Yeah. It's basically a catapult. Yes. That four blade carnivore Thing. That's, that's insane. But Cam changed my life like, like he really did. He was like, create a big, really big hole. Yeah. He goes, I don't care what you do, just create a giant hole. And that's because you're, you're going to put the arrow in the right spot. If you create a giant hole, then you're gonna have a great blood trail. Yeah. And you're gonna find your animal. He rewrote my entire h sequence this year.


Because You were before that, you were penetration. Yeah. Right. Which is another way of looking at it. Right. If you're thinking about a cut, a cut that goes through the entire body is a very long cut and is always lethal if you get 'em in the vitals. Yep. But you don't get a blood trail. And it does, they don't die as quick. No. The, the dying is quick thing is the one in Tahoe last year, that bull died in like less than 10 seconds. And how many seconds was it? Seven if that. Maybe five. It ran up to the top of the hill and just fell down. I've Never, I've never seen die. So I've never seen anything die that fast, quick. And that's those big mechanicals Like It, and I'm not saying that Because you, it's, You know, you're Joe, like you're just the dude on the side of the mountain. It wasn shooting the elk or that I was watching Like It fucking died faster than anything I've seen.


Even shot with a rifle And it Yeah. In the chest cavity. Right. Right. So clearly differentiating between like Well, a headshot. Yeah. A head headshot and a chest cavity. I've never seen anything die that fast from an animal. It was dead instantly. Yeah. I think there's something to be said for those giant holes because it's just, if you, especially if you have a strong bow. So if you have a bow that has a lot of kinetic energy and a lot of speed and you're shooting a heavy arrow and it's hitting that rib cage, like there's something for that big cut, it just stops 'em dead. Because are are you at 80, 84 new? 80 or 84? Yeah. The new bow's 84. Oh, the new hoit is so smooth. Like that's Oh, it's so smooth. I gotta, so they just came out yesterday. Yeah. I gotta go.


I, I I to go find the new one. I felt so special. I had one for a couple months and I had to blur it out when I took pictures. I know. It blur It out. I, I felt like such a chump. I was, I was out there DayOne. It's like I've got the old one. It's not a big deal man. Well I used to think that when I saw Cam shoot his, I'm like, how could it be better? These are so good. How could they be better? And then you shoot the new one, you're like, God dammit, it's better. It's super accurate. Like so dead in the hand. Like the, the way the shot breaks, it's just like they keep making it smoother, smoother draw cycle. It's faster. Which, so you're doing 84? Yeah. What are you Garmin? What's your, what's your feet per second on it? Oh, it's 2 93 or 2 94.


So he shooting four 50. 4 75. 4 75. Okay. Yeah, I bumped it up 'cause I went to those 125 grain hats. But my, my bow went from 80 pounds to 84 with the new one. Yeah. And then it kind of made up the difference. So the 25 grains And it was basically the same kind of speed as with the last one, which I had a 450 green arrow. So this like, I think there's probably like a number you shouldn't go below. I don't know what that number is. You know like grains, like some people they'll hunt elk with like a 300 grain arrow. And a lot of people are like, don't do that. Uhuh don't do that. You can get away with it. 'cause they're like, well my daughter shot an elk And it was a pass through and she's got a 50 pound. Yeah. Okay. She got lucky. She got lucky. You need some force to get in there.


Like if you're shooting 500 on a 84 on a, on a 84 pound, 85 pound bow. So let's say you're doing, even if you're doing two 70, right, right. That's still Boom. Massive penetration. Yeah. Massive kinetic energy. Especially if you have carbon arrows. Yeah. I love those carbon arrows with the, the victories with the slick outside Because you pull 'em out of target So much easier. Who's making those? The vs the, what are they called? The TKOs? Yeah. I love those things. Rip TKOs. That's it. Yeah. Rip TKOs. Yeah, those Are great. They're, they're coating that they have on it is like, it's so easy to, I got Like a teon or some shit on. Yeah, But you gotta think that's, that aids in penetration too. It has to.


Right? I mean isn't that why guys like the thin diameter, like cam shoots those, I dunno if he's doing it now, but he was, for a long time he was shooting those four millimeter arrows. Right. Those real skinny ones. But The four mil, I like lighted knocks and the four millimeter with the lighted knocks make me nervous. Like the knock gonna, why? Because Knox break sometimes. Mm. And they're more vulnerable because they get that little light inside of 'em instead of being a big solid piece of plastic. Right. You know, like I always change 'em before hunts. I always put fresh ones on. I never trust ones that have been sitting around. Never trust ones that have shot already. I'll shoot 'em a bunch of times like for practice, but they break sometimes. And especially I'm not paying attention So I might be accidentally touching arrows.


I do the same thing. Like I have fresh arrows for hunting. Yeah. Always. But they're the exact same setup for practice. So that's why I like, like the sever or something like that. Because the srs, you can pin 'em and then I can just shoot the shit out of those. Yep. And then let just not not use the pin. Yeah. No, that's huge. That's why I like 'em because I can shoot the same exact weight and dimensions and I know the flight characteristics are gonna be the exact same versus sometimes when you get those Practice heads, Yeah, they're different. They actually have different flight characteristics because the way that they're put together is not exactly the same. And I believe in the fact that it's like, hey man, if you got a, a slight fin on the front and it's a different fin on the back, even though it's only an inch, you still have to be a hundred percent consistent to maintain the same flight characteristics.


Yeah. That's why when guides get real nerdy about like what helix, like what kind of helical you have on the veins. Yeah. And like what kind of twist you put in your veins and you have to have the, You know, a single bevel blade that twists for the broad head and the exact same direction. You'll get a right twist with left veins, then you'll get all fucked up. But there idea is that you're trying to get a, the broadhead to spin through the animal. That's the whole idea behind the single bevel. Those is That, do you, do you think that's true though? There's something to it. Yeah. There's something to single bevels because of the cut, the way the edge is cut. So for people listening, single bevel means the edge angles in on one side.


Double bevel means it comes together as a point. Right? So think of a blade, but a blade with only one side that you can, You know, you see like where the steel is, is ground down to the edge. The other side doesn't have that. So the idea is that that creates this angle and that when you're spinning, your arrow is spinning because the les of your vein, it goes into the animal's body cavity. And the bevel in the broadhead accentuates that spin And it continues that spin through the body causing like a whirlwind of trauma inside the animal. And that it, You know, it almost effect acts as multiple blades. 'cause it's kind of spinning around. It's not just cutting a straight line. Yeah, it's twisting.


But the question is like, how much twist and is it more effective to have like a four blade thing, like a four, like a tooth of the arrow. Like one that you could, You know, those are, I Don't think it's true. You don't think it's bullshit? You don the spin, the bevel spin. No, I don't think it does. I think it does a little, 'cause there's a guy named Lusk Archery and he does these tests on these things and he actually shoots them into ballistic gel and you could see them spin. So some of them do spin. But the Whole, but I, I think it's too complex though once you, because once you have a rib cage, right? And let's just say you go through the ribs and stops it, even the consistency of the rib cage, right? So let's just say a perpendicular shop in the rib and, and the perpendicular shop from the rib cage right. At 40 yards.


So we'll just keep all the variables basically the same. Even then there's no nicking of the rib. There's no variation of the actual animal skin. There's no slight cording waist, sar, cording, torts. There's no so ballistic jail. I think there leaves a lot of questions for me. Yeah. So even though it's twisting in the ballistic jail, because it's consistent, right? You're shooting it directly perpendicular into a very consistent right format. Yeah. And you're getting a consistent result. Right. You're not gonna get a consistent result. I just don't believe you're gonna get a consistent result through a ribcage.


Well that's the reason why a lot of people like mechanicals. It's one of the things that they say is that the cut is so large when you get into the body cavity that you take out all the other variables. Yeah. It's gonna do so much more trauma than something that's just a slit blade that let's say you do hit that rib cage And it does slice it only hit one lung Because it deflected off of it And it doesn't spin at all. And now you lost the animal. Right. Where whereas you get a mechanical, it goes in there, it creates this massive fucking hole. It does all this trauma going through two and three quarter inches of trauma going through the animal. The odds of that animal surviving are gone. If you get 'em in the body cavity, they're gone. And I've seen people hit people with really good shots with small broadheads and not do much damage to the point where the animal runs off.


They have a hard time blood trailing it. It's, even if the animal dies 30 minutes, 60 minutes later, you might have a hard time finding it. Especially if you bumped it A hundred percent. I've had that exact experience like multiple times where with Those little Broadheads. Yeah, man. Like Yeah. Yeah. I, it cam, like I said, he he changed the entire, The way you thought about it. Yeah. 'cause he's like, create a big hole. Well he changed his thought about it too. He was always a a fixed blade guy. Always. Yeah. And then who told him to do that? Oh, Wayne did from the bow rack. Oh really? Yeah. Wayne said, you gotta try these carnivores, so just trust me. Just try 'em. He's like, these things are crazy Because it just, yeah.


It opens up these four blade catapults. It looks Like, It looks like one of those Turkey broadheads. You know what I mean? Yes. That's what it Looks like. It's crazy. And because of the design, it's just like the hides, it opens up from the front. Yeah. So once it's inside, then it's doing all its damage. So it, you don't have to worry about it getting destroyed, going in through rib cages and stuff as much as you do with other things. 'cause it's really just gonna get a little hole going in. And then once it's in, then it's opening. It's kind of a perfect idea. The only thing that's, that people don't like, like Dudley doesn't Like It doesn't leave a big hole outside. Like DI talked to Dudley about it. He's like, I want extreme trauma. I just want extreme. I want it one big giant cut with all that energy just going through the like a, he think of it like sticking a samurai sword.


Yeah. Like through the, the animal's body. Right. And You know, obviously he's one of the best bow hunters on earth too. So like there's a bunch of different philosophies on it. But I think the idea of the mechanical blade is legit. And I like the hybrid idea the best because then you always have a fixed blade no matter what. I like the, I like the hybrid. Obviously this year was great because I like the hybrid a lot more than what going either pure mechanical or pure fixed. Yeah. You feel like you got a little insurance policy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like the best of both worlds. You're like, okay cool. Yeah, let's, let's, let's, let's keep consistent with this. And it, everybody I talk to, You know, they have, well throughout the past year, several years, they have all different opinions, which is broadheads are like, You know, assholes.


Everybody has a fucking different opinion. You know what I mean? Sure. And You know, John has his opinion. Cam has his opinion. Everybody has their opinion. Yeah. Like my buddy Dan Elk shaped you ever watch that? Sure. Yeah. He's got his opinions too. Yeah. He's got his opinion. All these guys have opinions, so I'm just trying to like, and they're All successful too. Exactly. That's the crazy thing. It's like you're trying to sort it out, like who's right. And so I'm just trying to like create the data and put it down into what works for me. And I, I don't have any sponsorships so I'm just Right. Which allows me to be fairly empirical in the way that I'm actually selecting the, the criteria. But I also don't have the reps. These guys do either.


So you have to kind of rely on their, their data and then collect all of it and then kind of put it in 1, 1 1 case. If that makes Sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, absolutely. I'm always fucking around with things. That's one of the cool things about archery is all the tinkering the best. You know, there's like so many best things you could try. Like this year is the first time I tried a 15 inch front bar. You know, I went to a 15 inch front bar with a 12 inch back bar. Ooh. I Like it so much better. Really? 'cause Yeah, because I was using that izer. And the problem is with wind, it's a sail. That sail just pushes your pin around too much. But I Love that guy though. Oh yeah. I love that guy. It's a great look. The izer, I used it for years. It's a great invention. But I find that with wind in particular, I know on a long, the, the balance that I would get from that quil I can get from that.


I'm using a cutter stabilizer with a 15 inch front bar and a 12 inch back bar. Right. And it's perfect. It's holds so good. It holds so nice. It's just So, it feels so dead on. And this year I went with a 10 degree downward angle of the front bar. Well Yeah, I was gonna ask you about that. Why, why did you go with it down versus what, what matters? Whether or not it's, It's perpend in the ground I know. Doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense. But I was talking to these archers who do it and Levi Morgan does it. His, it goes at a downward angle too. And I, I was talking to this archer and he said it actually for some reason, it helps you hold better. Like you, it it locks in better. Really? Yeah. The slight downward thing with when you're pulling back, there's something about the slight downward angle of it that it lets you hold better with the same amount of weight.


Right. Because it's going in a different direction than it just straightforward. Right. It doesn't totally make sense. But I really believe in it. Like when I started doing it, I was like, Ooh, there's a little different feel to this. Well I love that. I love all the tinkering. No, that's, You know, I love the tinkering. So Much fun. That my favorite thing. It's so much fun. 'cause it's, it's like there's all these different ways to do it. You know, there's all these different releases, there's all these different styles of releases. There's so many different things you could fuck with. You could just go down a rabbit hole after rabbit hole. You Know? That's what I did. You know, you and I, I would say like 90% of their texts are around Releases. What release?


Yeah. Like what release am I doing? And I went, I think I bought 20 releases this year, like over the course of 23, 24 after, You know, the, the hunting season. And it's fun. It's fun. It's just pure fun. Yeah. 'cause okay dude, I know I got it. It's like 250 bucks. Sure. You buy a release and I, I fuck with it for, You know, a couple weeks. I get the pros and cons about it and then I pass it over to what the guy that runs my, my little bow shop there at Black Rifle Isaac. I pass it off to him like sell it on eBay. I don't give a fuck about those things. And I got a box of 'em.


Yeah. I got, I got a box of different releases. I've tried everything from four finger releases to two finger releases. What I really like is that one with the clicker, that onyx of the clicker. It's got this little click and then I feel like I could shoot that as good as I could shoot a hinge. So you get the best of both worlds. You get like the ability to make it Gopuff if you have to, You know, if there's some weird situation where, You know, there's, you have like a literal a split second to make a very close shot. You can get away with that. Or you could shoot at a long distance target and feel just as comfortable as you do with a hinge. You know, Because you have, there's something about having that little click and that onyx clicker. Like once you feel that little click, You know it's about to Gopuff, you just pull through it.


It's so funny. I'm, I'm the exact opposite. I hate that fucking click. Like when I'm, when I'm on the click, I'm like click ha. Like It Fucks Your head. I just want it to Gopuff. I just want it to Gopuff. It Does fuck with your head. But one thing it does is it puts all your concentration in the shot process instead of like hammering the trigger. Right. Right. It just, all you hear that click, You know it's right there, ba blah. Yeah. Yeah. You just pull through it and it's so, it's such a delicate little click that once you get it in your head and you shoot with it a bunch of times, you like, welcome it. Like there we're click Come out. Oh, okay. So you're, you're like come out looking forward to It. Yeah, I'm waiting. And then the click is like, settle in. We're right there plop.


It's like that one extra step that gives you this one extra little piece of concentration. Joel Turner talks about it and that whole shot IQ process. And he developed it. He developed it. OnX clicker. It's that one. Oh, He developed that. He developed It. Yes. Oh Shit. Okay Cool. So that one little thing, that one little click is what, which separates it from a regular trigger and then B bow. And then you get all your thought process into the shot process and just making sure you do a good shot, Huh? Yeah. Okay. Alright. I've used it. I I, It's a thing you gotta get used to like everything else. Like, but then you talk to Cam Haynes, he just fucking hammers that trigger. I know he shoots everything. So it's like some people can't do it that way. It's, it's weird. Everybody's got a different way they like to do it.


It pisses me off so bad. 'cause I see like some of my buddies like, You know who Chris Jensen is, the country music singer. Have you ever, like he and I have hunted together a few times in Colorado. He just hammers the trigger. It's the craziest thing you've ever seen in your life. He's just like pow. Like he's, That's kind of how Cam does it. And I look at him, He does that touches off the trigger. I look at him every time I'm like, oh my God man, How are you like hitting the target? And he's like, just center mass. Yeah. Just over and over again. And, but It's, I think it's a mind fuck that a lot of people put their head into that you're gonna get target panic and that you can't control your emotions during the shot process to the point where you could command trigger.


But that doesn't make any sense to me. No. Doesn't make any sense from like I can understand the psychological aspect of target panic, but I have a feeling that it comes from two different things. It comes from buck fever, which is like you're freaking out. You never shot a buck this big before. Oh my God. He is right there. And you're ah, yeah. And you freak Out. That's normal. But that's an experience thing and you have to learn what that is. And if you do it a bunch of times then you get to the point where like, oh I know how to control myself. I know what this is. And the more often you do it, like if you can go on a couple of pig hunts and then go on an elk hunt, you're way more in the groove. Yeah. You're way, you're like right there. You know what to do. You know how to do it. And you could touch the trigger off a hundred percent. Cam does it every goddamn time. I think it comes from the target archery community. 'cause I think those guys are staring at these fucking little tiny Xs from 20 yards and they gotta shoot 30 of 'em in a row.


Right, right. And I think you're, you get mind fucked and that's why those guys have hinges and all these crazy and 40 inch fucking stabilizers and vs. That come out the back and it's all about not moving. Plop plop. But that's not bow hunting. And we were talking about this that I think the difference between bow hunting and target archery, like the difference between doing free throws and playing basketball. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. Free throws. Nobody's fucking with you. You're on the line. You can measure it. You could sit there and you could throw it Different sport basketball You're running around, you gotta, people Are trying to block different sports. Same, same sub skillset. Right. That's hunting, hunting, Hunting is basketball. Target archery is free throws.


That's what I think. Yeah, that's what I think. And I think you can't tell a guy like Cam Haines is doing it the wrong way. That if the best guy does it that way, you have to go. Okay. Why do we think you can't do it that way? Well it's psychological. It's all psychological. It's all panic. It's all not being able to control your nerves. If you can shoot perfectly that way at a target, you should be able to shoot perfectly at an animal. You should be able to, the different, it's not, the animal isn't like some fucking invulnerable thing that like you have to do it a certain way or that the frequency is not correct. No, it's an animal. It's like just like a target. It, the army marksmanship team is not delta force. Like that's like Right, Right, right.


Very different. Right. Very good shooters. Army marksmanship team. Probably extremely proficient shooters. Maybe even better so than Delta. However, it's a different scenario based activity. Yes. Completely different. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Just 'cause you shoot accurate at a stationary target doesn't mean you understand how to the freak Out when when you have a Yeah. A, a horse coming in with swords on its head, the freak out. It's just a fucking different thing, man. It's screaming. It's like, ah, I'm super horny. I'm gonna fuck you, I'm gonna kill you. I don't know. And you're like, oh, Could you imagine if you came over from Europe and there was no elk over there and you were camping in the woods?


You were one of those first guys. You're stupid fucking burlap tent. And you hear, you'd be like, demons This fucking, you don't know. You're like, is this thing going to right? Is it gonna run me through? Am I Gonna die? Like it's 100% gonna kill you. I would be more scared of that than a bear. Yeah. This has giant swords on itst. Well, If it runs straight at you and just pales you And It, I wouldn't come in this year. I'd Be more scared of a bear though, because I feel like I'd grab a antler If I hadn't seen any one of these before. And like, something comes in and it's got giant pointy things on its head and I'm like trying to be completely blank slate. And I've got this other fuzzy thing that I can't really see.


It's like claws and teeth. I'm be like, my god, I'm way more afraid of this thing with swords on its head. Depends On the size of the bear, depends on what kind of bear we're talking about, You know? Yeah. Like if it's a little black bear, I don't give a shit. Black bears are weird. I don't care. I don't care about those things at all. Like, it's, it's so they're, they're kind of obnoxious. Did you see that one that got shot in New Jersey? That's 880 pounds. 770 pounds dressed. It's fucking Crazy. In New Jersey, dude, In New Jersey. That's a bus In the East coast. How is that possible? They have the most, they have the most black bears per capita in the whole country. We played a hundred times the video of the Bears wrestling in the middle of a neighborhood. And Far Rockaway, big fucking black bears just going to war in the middle of the street.


I had, I grew up in this middle of the like logging community out in the middle of nowhere. And there was this dude that used to keep it, it, we, I Idaho. It's out in the middle of nowhere, dude. It's like so hill jack. But it's awesome. And my grandfather, everybody, they're all hardcore loggers, but I'm not exaggerating. We had a guy just outside of town had a pet bear. A pet black bear. How old was it? I mean, It is a full grown fucking black bear dude. Oh my God. And he would just, this is the sad part, like, he'd like defend it Because it would s slobber on people. Oh God.


And but oh God, he had a full on black bear that would suck on his arm, basically. Oh Jesus. And yeah, I mean He fagged a couple people accidentally. He what? He Fanged a couple people accidentally. Yeah. Playing with them. Yeah. Yeah. Oh God. So he made him gummy. Yeah, gummy. Yeah. What Did he feed it? Who the fuck knows man? Like donuts. Like he's, when I say this, These are Laggers, You know, these are, these are, How long did he have this bear? Probably 10 years I would imagine, man. Like, like, You know, I I I tend to like, You know, What a crazy fuck Turn down the volume on my like redneck upbringing, You know?


But Hold on. How did he, did he keep this thing in his yard? Yeah. Or did it just run those? No, we would drive by it on our way to another town and he had a fucking bear in his front yard in a cage. It was insane, dude. Oh. Was a Cage. Oh no. Yeah. I thought it was just running around. No, no. He kept it in a cage. Big cage. Just imagine He Never let it out. No, he'd let it out all the time. He like fucking walking around. Like the guy was a complete insane person. Oh My God. And my uncle. Not great uncle. He was like 80 years old cra complete crazy person too. Taught himself how to, how to fly back in the day. Came back from World War ii. He was on Navy.


He was, he's a navy ship ship guy. Taught himself how to fly. He would fly around this piper super cub. And back in the day you, you get a bounty for cougar tails. So he had a walker hound and he would put him in the front seat of his piper super cub. And he would fly around looking for tracks, land his plane in the middle of fucking nowhere, kick his dog out. So he'd tell me these stories and I mean, I hunted with this guy forever. And the dog would find the bear. Yeah. He'd punch him out on the bear or the cougar or whatever it was. Tree it, tree it. Shoot it with a 22 hornet. Because his whole thing was you let 'em bleed out in their lungs and then they'll fall out of the tree.


You don't wanna shoot 'em with too big of a caliber. 'cause it knocks 'em outta the tree. And they run around. If you shoot 'em with small caliber And it penetrates both lungs, their lungs fill up. Oh god. They drown and they fall out. Jesus Christ. This is what like my Cecil ball was my, my uncle back in the Nineties. Did he have a backup gun? Oh yeah. This guy was completely insane. He had like, by when I was hunting with him, Because I wouldn't be comfortable with a cougar and a 22 Dude, this guy was 80 years old when I was hunting cougars with him back in like the panhandle of Idaho. And he was telling, he would tell me stories and I would only go hunting with him to listen to the stories because they were the best fucking stories on the planet.


He crashed his plane, he got fired from the sawmill. He was buzzing the tower. Buzzing the tower, crashed his fucking plane into his boss's office. And he was like, fuck you, I'm outta here Dude. He was a complete insane person. And he was telling me this other story. And these are like the, the summarized version that the, the, the, the cliff notes of it. But dude, he would bay cougars in the middle of the mountains by himself. He's flies plane landed in the middle of the snow, find a spot for him, bay cougars. And he had this cougar up in this log jam above a creek. And he was telling me this, this cougar had tucked himself underneath the logs above the creek.


And there's snow on top of the logs. There's logs. And then he was like crawling in underneath in the middle of the mountains with like a 3 57 snub nose. He climbed into the cougar Den. Yes. Because he's like, these, this cougar is eating my dogs. And he's like reaching around my uncle who had like three strokes by the time that I was talking to him. He's like, and he'd stutter a little bit. He's driving like 80 miles an hour around like, like crazy logging roads in the middle of nowhere. I'm white knuckling the, his Toyota Tacoma with, with Cougar Hounds in the back of the Toyota going, oh my God, I'm gonna fucking die any moment.


And he's like, yeah. And I got my, You know, he's like, he he had a, he had a slight stutter, You know, pull out his snub nose 3 57 like a gangster and reach underneath the logs and start pulling the trigger once he found the right fur between the cougar and his dogs. Oh my God. This dude was completely insane when it came to doing things. This is my uncle. This is like the guy that I'm like hanging up with this Fucking insane. He reached insane, complete insane into the logs and felt his way to the cat. Yes.


With a snub nose, whatever, You know, 3 57. Oh my God. To kill the cougar. 'cause he was, he was pulling up his dogs and eating his dogs. Oh my God. Oh yeah. Holy shit. Like when you talk about where I grew up and like the guys I grew up with, 'cause I, You know, I'm a green beret, You know, it's like, oh you fucking pussy. Oh yeah. Oh, you're not like walking around in the woods with a saw on your back, You know? And I'm like, yeah, just jumping on planes, I guess, You Know? That's hilarious. They look down on it like, that's a easy job. You're not a fucking Lover jacket.


Guess You, you're a fucking lumberjack. You're kind of a pussy. That's so crazy. I'd go home, my dad would make fun of me. Like, oh, Isn't it interesting that there's like levels of discipline and hard work in the world? Like there's, there's like, if you want to be a logger, there's no easy logger job. They don't exist. That is a hard fucking job. Those are hard men. Yes. You know, you wanna be a logger and you're gonna do it for 30 years. You are gonna chop and carry trees for 30 fucking years. You're gonna be living in the woods, chopping and carrying three trees for 30 fucking years. And like falling trees. Yeah.


Wrapping. Oh yeah. Big cables around them. And they'd be like, oh, you carried a backpack through the woods. And that's pretty cool, man. That's, I mean, you think about the different, like, groups of people that lived these extreme lives and how many people are at the coffee shop with blue hair that are totally oblivious. Yeah. And they think hard work is like, You know, I'm dealing with my trauma and I'm going, I'm going to Starbucks today to protest. It is a guy with a log on his back and he's 75 years old and he can't wait to get off work so he can kill cougars. Yeah. With a pistol. With a fucking 3 57. And we all exist on the same landmass.


Yeah. We all Exist. He's like some dude that looks like he's like building bikes in the 18 hundreds with the fucking curly cub mustache. It's like waxed up and you've got a another guy that's like 80 years old, it's had three strokes. It's driving around in the mountains. It's running up a mountain at a six minute mile chasing his dogs to go kill a cougar. Nah, not the same person. Not the same order of priorities. You know what I mean? Well there's Probably a lot of those guys back in the day. Yeah, I bet it wasn a common type of human in like 1820. Yeah. But you ran it all it wasn like how you had to stay alive. You know, you lived to be about 40 then you had a stroke.


Everybody died. Nobody got any vitamins. Eating fucking corn meal and gruel and trying to eat squirrels. Just fucking You're barely getting by. Barely. Like you're eating. Barely. You're eating a bear. Yeah. That's how fucking nasty. Like They preferred bears. Yeah, that's what's crazy. Apparently they, they thought it tasted like beef. They cooked a lot of bears. Oh god. Gross. Some of 'em are gross. Gross. The grizzlies apparently are super gross. I asked Cam just released a new video Redemption. A grizzly bear hunt. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I saw it and it's good. Great video. But he ate the bear. I was like, how did it taste Like It was okay.


And then I talked to James, he's Like, It was fucking horrible. Horrible. It's horrible. It tasted dis disgusting. But black bear didn't taste that bad. If you get it from a good spot, apparently, like Ella says, the the blueberries bears had been eating blueberries are the best tasting meat ever. But That, I think that's also relative to bear meat. So they're saying No, he says it's like a great tasting meat. I don't believe, I don't believe him. You don't think if it was like flavored with like all they ate was blueberries. I think the problem is they eat so much rotten shit. Yeah. And that affects the way they taste. But I think if they're eating only blueberries, like did you ever see his video with the blueberry fat? Yeah. Yeah. It's like purple fat. It's crazy. He said, that's delicious. He said it's so delicious.


I believe him. I I love Steve. You think he's a fucking liar. I, I love Steve. He's awesome. He's so much fun to hunt with and he's so, but I just firmly disagree with him on that. So I'm like bro, like no. What is the best tasting game animal for you? Moose. Moose. Moose. Interesting. A hundred percent. That's a good one. And the, for me, for my kids it's moose is the only game animal. My kids are like, yeah. Really? Yeah. Interesting. They are 100% chips in. They look forward to it. Not only do they look forward to it, they request it. It's the only game Meat. That's interesting. That's very interesting. Like I can eat elk, but I'm the only one at the table eating elk.


Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. I only shot one moose ever. And I ate it and I remember it was good. But it wasn with Ben O'Brien like 10 years ago. But I haven't had a lot of experience with it. For me it's axis deer and elk are the two best ones. Elk first axis, deer second. Yeah. Do you like axis? I love axis. It's crazy what it tastes like, right? Yeah. It doesn't taste like a deer. No, it's beef. Like this is a totally different kind of animal. It's It's not even, it's not even beef. It's like a clean, It's almost sweet. Yeah. It's a clean beef. Yeah, it's an interesting flavor. And the fact that, You know, they have so many of them in Hawaii,


like that Maui Newi venison company. Yeah. For people who wanna buy wild game, you can get actual wild game from Maui, Newi venison. They'll ship you access to your frozen. They have meat sticks. It's fucking great. I'm not affiliated with them. I know the owners, but I don't have anything to do with them. It's, but it's a great company and they're doing something that you actually have to do. There's no natural predators on Maui. So they, they have to shoot these exes to you. They're fucking everywhere. They're like, they're rodents basically. They're, and they're delicious rodent.


It's a crazy animal to hunt too. 'cause they grew up with tigers. So they evolve with tigers. So they move so fucking fast. They're the fastest animal I've ever hunted. I, I shot a, a dough at 30 yards beded and she dodged the arrow. It doesn't even make sense. They move so fast. It's, it doesn't even make sense. So I, I started shooting them at longer distance away because the arrow's quiet and they can't hear the, the string slap. Yeah. So they can't hear the boat. So I started just shooting them a little bit further away. They still hear and that's the only way. Hear that If you, we stopped hunting 'em in the day. 'cause in the morning there's no wind.


We started hunting them only in the afternoon. 'cause there's more wind and the wind at least covers a little bit of it. But Dudley got video of me shooting this saxa steer at 80 yards. And it's a perfect shot. Perfect. It's going right to the vitals at 80 yards. Perfect break. And then 10 yards with the arrows. 10 yards from me. He goes and he's gone within 10 yard. He was gone. He was nowhere near where the arrow hit. What? He moved yards away. He heard the arrow coming and he moved outta the way 10 yards from him. There's a video of it, slowmo video Because it iss a lighted knock. You see a perfect line headed straight for his vitals and then gone, Gone. Not even, not even Close. Not even close like a bullet. I missed him by like a, a whole quarter.


He was gone. He just ran away. It's like they, they they they, they hear things. They think a tiger's coming. Yeah. Yeah. They just go, they just go. It just makes you feel so slow. Yeah. When you watch how they move, you're like, people suck. We're so fucking clumsy and soft. And we're so vulnerable. My back hurts. Ow My, my arrow that's moving at, You know, 300 feet per second has no chance. No, no chance. No chance. No Chance. Yeah. No chance. Especially if they see the Bo Gopuff or they hear the Bo Gopuff, they're gone and they're delicious. And they're everywhere in Texas too. That's the wild thing about Texas is you could just bring whatever you want in where you want zebras.


You could bring zebras. You had zebras. I know I did. Yeah. You could have fucking zebras. My wife saw a zebra one day when she was driving the kids to school. I know we had, So I Saw a zebra. I think I saw a zebra. I said, you probably did some asshole. Probably has a zebra. The zebra got out. My kids would be like driving around and like, let's go look at the zebras. Okay, let's go look at the zebras. You could have zebras in Texas, but I love it. I love it that you can go to, like, when we went to that place down in south Texas, that ranch that my friend owns when we went down there, like there's African animals here. Yeah. You have These crazy black bucks and all these different animals that are not from anywhere near here and there's thousands of 'em. Like, this is nuts.


Well you shot that Neil guy. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. But everybody says that's like the best meat ever. So put it on the scale associated with everything else. I like. It's Really good. It's all really good. All wild game from a healthy animal's Delicious. I've, I find at least undulates, they're all delicious. I've never found one that I didn't like, but I still think elk is the best. That's just my, I like the flavor also. I like elk hunting so much. It means more to me. Yeah. When I'm eating a piece of elk, I think I'm just biased. I think if there's anything it's, I just like eating them. I like eating them. And I also think it's gonna sound crazy, but I think you get their spirit.


I think there's something about these super potent wild animals that you kill with an arrow and then you're eating it. Like, you get the, the spirit of that experience, the spirit of that animal. I think it, it empowers you in some very strange physiological way. I really do. I think it's, there's so vitamin rich, like they're such athletes the way they run up a mountain. Like you're getting these nutrients from that animal that I don't think it's any like any other animal. Yeah. 'cause they're so much stronger than all those other animals. They just run, they have 900 pounds. They run right up the top of, of a mountain side. Like, it's nothing like, this is crazy. You watch them when they get winded and they fucking run over the top of a hill that takes you 40 minutes to, to crawl up.


They just run up it. When you eat that thing, you're like, rah. You just feel it, You know, you feel it in your, your body feels it. You get like a little boost. Yeah. It's, it's electric. Yeah. And you Well, I feel the same way. I've Given it to people that don't even hunt. Yeah. And they go, dude, I feel so good after I ate this. I go, yeah, there's something to that. It's super food. It It is a super food. My neighbors, when I gave them, You know, elk or whatever it is, they're like, dude, this is amazing. Yeah. Like, yeah, this is what it feels like to be a hunter. This is what it feels like to go out, kill something, process it, put in a package and it's special.


It's meaningful. It's, it's the whole's celebration. And I hate to say it like that, but it is, it's like this is, you said it earlier and actually I wanted to, what'd you call it? Like a, an assassin for your food or Something like that. Yeah, yeah. Supermarket assassin. Yeah. Supermarket assassin. Yeah. Like this is the difference is over here you think this is one, it tastes different. Two, there's a, a definitive meaning you're associating with it. So there's no way that you can tell me that there's not a psychological and nutrient connection between those two where it makes something more meaningful and beneficial specifically for you. Yeah. There's just no way you can tell me that's not better.


Right. Like a good meal with people you love, I feel like almost gives you extra nutrients. Almost like there's an extra good feeling about it. It's why people like eating together, You know, eating good food with people, you care about having fun. The whole experience is better for your overall being. It's a difference between like jacking off in a porta-potty and eating a meal with your fucking family. Right. It's like, like there's like a huge difference. Like one is like the gross and a little bit shameful and disgusting. Right. And just like a, One's a jack in the box cheeseburger. Yeah. This is an elk that you cooked on your own grill. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. It's a big difference man. Yeah, it's, I'm glad I found it. I'll tell you that.


It's, it's also, it's so hard to do. You know, we both had our trials and tribulations elk bow hunting and it's just, it's so difficult to do that. The people that do it well, you, the people that are successful, You know how hard it is to do. You're like, God damn, you pulled it off like that. That's a hunting elk with a bow in the wild is a real thing. Even in the places we go are better, they have more elk and stuff. It's always hard folks. It's hard. It's always the, the problem with the public land thing is the public, this fucking, I have so many friends that have terrible stories about guys winding elk on purpose, blowing elk out. They're all competing against the same packs of elk or the same groups of, of, of hunters are competing against the same elk groups.


It's like, it's crazy. It's like you, you, these, these herds of animals are getting like winded on two and three sides because people are like moving in trying to get 'em right. You know, it's just the, the ideal situation would be that I think the ideal situation would be like, You know, they're trying to do that, that American, what is it called? The American Serengeti project. They're trying to like Rewild a whole section of the country. They're buying up land and they wanna like bring back buffalo. Yeah. Bring back all these animals. If everybody like at one time in their life could have like some sort of a hunt where they're, they're like someone shows 'em how to do it.


Someone takes 'em out, they get an animal and they cook and eat that animal. If you're a meat eater, I think at one time in your life you should try to do that. I think that may be the solution for people to understand what it's all about. Just one time in your life. Or even go with someone when they're doing it one time. Just know what that's like. 'cause it's a, it ignites a little part of your DNA that you didn't even know was in there. There's like a little part of us that for tens of thousands of years, the only way we survived is hunting. Yeah. Thousands and thousands and thousands of years just baked into our DNA. And when you're in there and you're in those woods and you got that range finder and that elk is 52 yards away and you see him walking through the bushes and You know you got a window And it is like a part of your DNA that just goes, yeah, this is what we're doing.


Mm. This is what we're doing now. Lock in, lock in, get the animal, bring it back. It's like some crazy like ancient primal code. And I tell people it's the same thing when you catch a fish. When you catch a fish, it's like ho, ho ho. This excitement that you catch a fish that's built into your code because now you're gonna live, you're gonna live, you got food for your family. It's in there, a human reward system. And that's how we're supposed to get food. We're supposed to appreciate the food. 'cause it's hard to get. That's what it's supposed to be. It's not supposed to be going to the Supermarket and look at the ground. Beef is five a pound and fucking, You never chase anything. You never go kill anything.


You're just sitting there eating your fucking bowl of pasta watching tv. It's so Easy. It's so easy. Right. It's just, it's not supposed to be that Easy. It's not supposed to be that easy to live. No. If it is, you're gonna get anxiety. You're not designed for that. You're designed for like trauma and testing. You're designed for struggle. You're designed to overcome things and if you're not ever overcoming anything, you're filled with anxiety. Yeah. I don't deserve this. Yeah. Like, well how do I deserve this majestic fucking animal? Yeah. That I've just consumed. I didn't earn it. No. I just paid for it. Which is weird. What? Doing some weird job And then you got these hit men out there whacking cows Supermarket hit man.


That's like the best that, that is one of the best quotes I've got. It Is. That's awesome. I mean, if there's anything that's, there's nothing grosser in this country than factory farming. It's the grossest thing ever. They have laws where you're not even allowed to film it because it's so gross. No, It's disgusting. AG gag laws where you go to jail if you filmed horrific acts, Which is completely insane when you think about it. Yeah. When you think about how easy it is to go get your food and if people knew, especially meat eaters, I, I've never quite understood meat eaters that are anti-hunting. That makes no sense to me by the way. Makes no sense. Like zero sense. How can you think that this is a better way where you're caging an animal, filling it for full of like hormones and supplemental nutrition and corn and all these things and then you're putting a bolt through its head But I'm not there and then I'm at Starbucks protesting.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not there. It's like, but Your anti, I dunno how this McGriddle got in my, my hand, but now I'm putting it in my mouth just Because I want to actually feel the significance of this event in the context of like, I don't have any blood lust. I just don't wanna be a hypocrite. Right. It's also one of those things that like if you haven't experienced it, you really don't understand it. And when you're trying to explain it to people, they're looking at it from like the cartoon Disney version of Hunters And movie version of Hunters where they're all cocksuckers. Dude, we should wrap this up because we gotta go meet camp for dinner. Alright, let, it's almost six o'clock. We've done like shit. Dude. How many hours did we do? Almost five bro. What? Fuck. Almost five hours. Fuck. Holy shit like that.


Alright. Alright. Thanks man. Appreciate you brother. See you. Bye.