
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day Gentlemen, Mr. Corcetti, How are you sir? Very nice to meet you by the way. Nice To meet you too, Joe. Thanks, sir. Thank You very much for that video. We talked about it before, but I don't wanna say it publicly, the debunking of the Debunking by Flint Dibel, and you really nailed him on so many of those things that he was dishonest about And it just, I wish we knew in real time, but unfortunately, You know, it's, it takes a lot of research to be able to figure out what he was telling the truth about and when he wasn't. And yeah. You know, Robert, thank Oh, thank you.


That I was, tell Everybody your site too. You Just, oh, oh. Debunking the debunking the past. Does my email debunking on YouTube or on Twitter? That's with two D's, like my x not, not debunking, sorry. Keep this, try to keep this, oh, sorry. That's okay. Sorry. I'm sorry. Debunking not debunking. Yes. Dan Richards debunking. Dan Richards. Thank you. Yeah. The, the thing with, with Flint, it was actually funny. The, the si, the moment that I knew that he was lying about the science was when you asked him about the sterilization of plants, that's what they rolled back into being no longer domesticated. And he was like, oh, I'll just take thousands of years. It's like, no, no, no, no. I've researched this and I know better. And he was just knee jerking, straight answer. Oh, just thousands of years. And when you pressed him, he's like, well, I don't know for sure.


Well, that's a bummer because that's his field of study, which is really kind of crazy. And it's a really fascinating thing that seeds do adapt to agriculture. They adapt to the fact that they, it's better for the survival of the plant. If one, you develop agriculture, if they're more robust and they stay on the plant, it's better for the wild. If they break off easy and they can scatter better and they can, You know, proliferate. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's really basic If you think about it. I mean, if it stays on the plant after, after it's ripe, it's just sitting there waiting for the first thing to come along and eat it. But that whole natural selection thing when it comes to plants is so fascinating. But the question was so simple. If you stopped having agriculture and these plants just grew wild, would they go back to the same characteristics of wild plants?


And he was like, no, there's no evidence of that. But then I saw your video and then I looked at some other stuff and there's quite a bit of evidence of it, particularly with wild rice, right? Yeah. Particularly with wild rice. Yes. There's that one. It looks like out of any of 'em, if there's a possibility that one was domesticated and then went back to the wild and then was domesticated again, it would be rice that shows multiple types. There's different ways the seeds can break off, right? They can break in different points of the plant or they can just fall straight out. And rice shows numerous path layer where wheat only has one genetic pathway to that seed shatter, where a seed falls off. Mm. So it's, it gets pretty complicated. But rice does, rice does have a lot of genetic possibilities for that.


Now, I'm not a geneticist, So I'm sure that somebody's gonna come and, You know, say that It is a pseudo crap. But ultimately at the end of the day, Flint was treating it as a debate, whereas you and Graham were both trying to sift to the truth. Yeah. And that's why he was not gonna give Graham one little corner, one little shred of possibility of being right anywhere, when in reality it, it's a lot of, just like everything else in life, it's a lot of gray. Well, it's also this whole subject of the past is, it's so obviously confusing. 'cause when you look at, I watched your, your video today, the baback video. Mm. Just looking at the enormous size of those stones.


There's no reasonable explanation how people, like what, what is that dated to? Like what, what year do they believe what was made? This is where It gets fun is because they credit it to the Romans and the Venetians. However, there's, it goes beyond the sophistication and the capabilities, what the Romans were known to have. Whether it's the existence of the screw jack for lifting the stones. But Beck, which is located in Lebanon, and I had the great privilege of going there in September of last year, exactly one month before things kicked off in Israel with the whole Hamas thing. And if I hadn't got there, then I wouldn't have no chance. Like right now, Israel's bombing Lebanon. And so it's a dangerous place. But Bbe, if there was one example, one ancient site on earth that is evidence of a lost ancient advanced civilization.


And by advanced, I'm not talking about space lasers here, I'm talking about more sophisticated than what we were taught in school for the known capabilities. And Beck has the largest stones that were ever quarried in human history. The largest stones that were lifted, stacked, and transported in human history, and the largest stone columns in all of classical history. And we're talking, so the triathlon stones, three stones, 900 tons a piece, or 800 metric tons. And they were moved a half a mile from the quarry. They were lifted and stacked approximately 30 feet off the ground. And when I say stacked, they were perfectly lined up. And Jamie, it's in my folder of ball back if you wanna show some of these. And they're absolutely massive. So let me tell you right here.


And I of course have the gentleman there who I'll tell you about later highlighted, just to kind of show you for perspective, like that's someone right there. It's five foot 11. Those stones that are highlighted in red are the triathlon stones. But these pictures do not do it justice 'cause it's taken through an ultra wide camera lens from the top to bottom of the red. Highlighted stones is 14 feet and they're 62 feet long, or 62 feet, excuse me. Like It that there's me. And That's socra. It's, it's hard to tell because of the perspective and people need to kind of understand how a wide angle lens sort of distorts things. Yes. By showing you this enormous field of view. But when you're looking at something that's 14 feet long and 60, excuse me, 60, 62 feet long and 14 feet high, like what is the weight of that?


What's the overall weight? 900 Imperial tons or 800 metric tons. And to anyone listening, a metric ton is 2200 pounds, 1000 kilograms. And an imperial ton is 2000 pounds. So that's 1.7 million pounds each of them. And there's three of them. And if you were to go to the quarry, there's ones that are 1200 tons and even 1500 tons that are 20 feet tall. This is mind boggling. Like Jamie, if you wanna just scroll through some of the other photos to kind of give Joe the perspective and the audience the perspective those, and these Are clearly cut stones that were moved into place and moved 23 feet above the ground. Right.


And technically 30 feet because there's stones that are actually below the ground there that you can't see 'cause it's submerged under the earth. So technically it was 30 feet, but 23 off, 23 feet off the ground today. And right there, this highlights. So not only is that 14 feet from top to bottom, which you would never realize when you're looking at this. And these are confirmed measurements, by the way. This is right out of encyclopedias. But notice how they're completely flush. Yeah, nice. And even with each other. And the, this exceeds the known capabilities of what the Romans had. And it's worth mentioning that this site is some 2,400 miles from Rome, the Capitol. And if they're gonna say that this was created by the Romans, one, people need to understand that the Romans were renowned for documenting everything.


Yet this site is not credited to anybody. They don't know exactly who did it or when, but the academics include conclude that it had to have been the Romans or the Venetians because of course there was no one before them. And with this photo right here, let me say something else. There is evidence of at least two, but arguably three different architectures that were done at this site. And I would conclude that this is evidence that this site existed in prehistoric times. There's also, I can show you encyclopedias that talk about Beck being prehistoric in nature, dating back 11,000 years of human history. And what I argue is that it was built up, it was found by the Romans and the Venetians and built upon later. And right here is evidence for all that have ice to see, look how the obviously used broken stones and constructed on top of it.


Why would you go from making the most advanced stones in history that far exceed anything you see in Rome, for example, if you were to go to the Coliseum, as magnificent as that is, It is a architecture of mathematics and just brilliance. Oops. But this right here, why would they use the, why would they, for all the feats of Roman history, why would they have the most impressive feats over 2000 miles away from the capitol? In fact, lemme just say this, when I'm talking about 900 tons stones, the largest stone in all of Rome is 53 tons. It's the Rajan capital block that make up the Rens column. 53 tons. This is 15 times heavier. There's a number of things too.


Now I'm not a huge believer in ancient technology. I'm sorry. No worries. I'm not a big believer in ancient technology as Jimmy's well aware, but Which is why it's important that you're here. 'cause people are, can hear multiple perspectives. Yeah. That's where I can tell you some things about that are still interesting to me.


This Episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLocks US based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed or your money back don't face drained accounts. Fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply.


One of them is you don't see the Roman foot in those stones, which is weird. You would expect to see some sort of breakdown of the Roman foot in these measurements. But they're not there at Baalbek. They are there on the stones that were quarried from The ground by Roman foot. What you're saying is that there's a different measurement, what they considered a foot. Yes. It's not 12 inches. Correct. There's a a Roman unit of measurement that they would use in construction And it see it, we don't see it in those stones in the triathlon in, but there's three stones that were quarried and left in the ground. All of those stones show signs of using the Roman foot. Yeah. Jamie, will you scroll Over to this? So that right off the bat shows to me that the ones that were installed were not built by the Romans, but the ones that were quarried were made by the Romans.


They were trying to quarry out stones to, to match it Right Here. Another thing is, that's crazy. Roman architecture always uses the most impressive things right in the front. You walk in the front of the thing and that's where you're gonna see the biggest stones. The most impressive, for obvious reasons, these are in the back, completely on the opposite end of the entrance. So you have to like, from what you told me, you kind of have to look for 'em if you don't know where they're at, right? Like you can't just show up on the site and they say, here's the triathlon. Well, let me tell you a quick story real quick. So I had the pleasure of going there with some people and I'll tell you about it later. I won't do the name drop just yet, but Dory, who lives in Lebanon, he tore us around and he had been to the site three times before when we went, it was his fourth time, he did not know of the existence of the triathlon stones.


They're round back, you gotta walk probably a third of a mile to get there. They don't even bring the tours around to the triathlon stones. He had no idea what I was talking about the night before at dinner. I'm trying to explain to him like the trophon stones, the 900 ton stones. And I had to show him a picture. He had never seen 'em before. How, how do they not show the tourists this? That's an excellent question. It now you do have to walk, to be honest, it's like a 12, 15 minute walk to go around to get there. I mean, it's part of the platform, but you have to go all the way around and some people just don't feel like making the walk. And when we were there, we were totally alone for a half hour with these stones. Not a single person. There was hundreds of people at the site, not a single one of them came around back. Now, just to clarify what the audience is seeing right now, this is at the quarry, which is a half mile away.


This is where all the stones originate from. And this one right here is what's called the stone of the pregnant woman. It is 1200 tons, as you can see, it's 14 feet tall, which is the same height. So in those trilon stones it wasn showing you a moment ago this, the only difference is that this one's 68 feet long. It's virtually the same size except for just a few feet shorter. But it's the same height. So that gentleman right there, Pierre, who's a wonderful man, is six foot tall. And look at him just dwarfed by this stone. 1200 tons. Insane. Right? And it's not from there. Well, no it is. This was quar. So this is, this is at the quarry. So the, the o, so this one's at the quarry and but the ones that were placed, where are they from This quarry, which is a half mile away.


So this is, yes. So They moved 1,000,800 pounds a half a mile, Three of them three. And that doesn't include the two dozen that are 350 tons a piece that doesn't include the nine that are 600 tons a piece. Nine stones that are 600 tons a piece are somehow a side note to the trophon stones. And let me just tell you this, this is something, Jamie, if you scroll over a few to articles involving, 'cause this is what the audience needs to understand. A lot of people hear these numbers and they don't wrap their head around exactly how important this is. Which is that the go to the article involving the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. Okay. It's in the same folder of Beck and the largest stone moved in modern times is 340 tons.


And we're gonna come back to all these photos too, Because it's extremely important. There's some details in here. That's the one at that goofy museum in la Yes. Which is by the way, a very goofy museum. Yeah. I haven't Been there. It's so dumb. It's so dumb. It's, there's a an acrylic box that's on the ground Yeah. That you're supposed to interpret as art. It's just a box that's just sitting there. It's one of those places where you go there and you go, what is my tax dollars going to Jamie Go, new motherfuckers Go to the other folder that's moving stones. So let me just, while he's looking for that, let me explain to you. So I saw the video on that and said what this is is there was a suspended stone. Yeah. That's an enormous stone that they placed there as part of their art piece.


Yeah. And this thing was not that one. Not that, not that. Jamie go, this is just failed. That's That's a, yeah. We'll we'll play that video at a little bit. It's pretty funny. They had to move the stone. It was four miles an hour is the fastest they could move it. They had to build a structure around the stone to move it. Yes. So, and this fucking insanely huge truck, Let me tell you. So the details, It is a 200. So they had to custom build a trailer truck around the stone itself. Tell Jamie What Jamie, Jamie look under the Moving Stones folder. There's not a folder, it's just a video. Go to, let's see here. Scroll down a little bit. Go to Rames statue.


Man, these silly, you're using a Mac. It doesn't show you the preview of the, of the pictures. Silly Max. Keep looking until you find the of a big red truck. But I'll tell the audience while you're looking for it, exactly what we're talking about here. So yeah, keep going. Alright. Back, back there. There, there we go. You're on it. That's truck. Go back a little bit. Go back to the article three. Go, go left like three times. Right there. Go back right there. So this one stone, 340 tons, they call it the largest operation of its kind. Since the Egyptians built the pyramids, they had to custom build a 260 foot long trailer truck that consists of 196 semi-truck wheels as 44 axles. It's 32 feet long.


It took a year of planning. It cost $10 million. It took nine days to move this 340 ton stone. What A great use of taxpayers' money. Absolutely. $10 million. Absolutely. That there's no way they needed that money for la. Yeah. Who cares about potholes and homeless people? No way. I mean, this is more important. And so this is what's so important is that this, the largest stone move in human, his history is, is at the rames. It's the rames statue in Egypt. It's 1000 metric tons, which is 2.2 million pounds. It wasn inexplicably moved 170 miles from the quarry. And os one. And here's the significance of this brother. The, this stone at the log Los Angeles County Museum of Art is one third.


The weight one, the, the stone at the Rames Sea is three times heavier. And how far did they move that stone? The, this one at the, at the Museum? No, the, the one, the Rames Museum 170 miles. And the other one was moved 106 miles, 170 miles. And It's 2 million pounds. And so this is where things get really fun is that they say the academics, they say that the stones would've been moved on tree logs because that's their best guess. And it's not an unreasonable guess, but when you look into the nuanced details, So I really nerded out hard on this. There's a lot of people, are you familiar with the mo scale of hardness? No. So it's the measurement of stone.


And it's often used by alternative ancient history buffs to say that hey, copper based tooling could not have been utilized to cut granite stone like the, that's been claimed. And there's no evidence that the Egyptians, that the Egyptians never told us, they used bronze tooling to cut the stones that make up the granite stones within the pyramid. And So I started asking 'em like, wait a second. If they're gonna say that they moved a 2.2 million pound stone on tree logs, well they say that it was the cedar, the the Lebanon cedar trees. Well, I nerded out on this and there's something called the jenka scale of hardness, which measures the hardness of st of wood. And it's often used for, if you're gonna pick wood flooring in your house, cedar is Are very soft wood.


It's one of the softest on earth, not the softest, but it's so soft that it would never even be considered for flooring in your house because your furniture and your heels would dent it immediately. And if you were to put significant weight on it, whatever that weight is, it would either crush it, crumble it, or at least dent it out of a circle. Or being a circular nature to roll on. And so when you look into the nuanced details involving the mysterious accomplishments of the ancients, it becomes abundantly clear. Like if I had one thesis, is that the true history of mankind was more advanced than what we were taught in school. Now how advanced, that's the fun topic. And we, we will dive into that here in the next couple hours. But the, the, the reality is that there's evidence for all who advised to see that there, I mean, again, brother a thousand metric ton statue.


And this is, this is right out of encyclopedias Show the statue. So this is the statue. It somehow or another fell. Yeah. So it was a seated statue. That's me in front of it. And it's broken into multiple pieces. There's Some images, Jamie, of what it originally looked like. Look, so that foot, it's up to my belly button, like the top of the foot. And that's just the foot. That's just the foot. There's another picture that would've, an illustration that would show you would've what it would've looked like when it was full. There it go back one. So that's what it Looks like from an aerial shot. Now it's completely toppled over, God knows what would've taken to knock this thing over. They would, they say probably an earthquake. It was a seated statue.


I if it was a standing statue. I So that there, that's What it looked like originally That That's what they, yes. And again, a thousand metric tons is 2.2 million pounds. How it got knocked over in itself to me might be indicators of some sort of cataclysm. But that's a side point. But the point is this, it was moved 170 miles. They do not, the Egyptians did not articulate, illustrate or describe how they would've done so. And Isn't that part of the problem with like the burning of the library of Alexandria is all that information was lost forever? Yes. Here's the thing, Vatican, let me say this real quick brother. The library of Alexandria was like thousands of years before the great pyramid. Like the, the library of Alexandria was just after, was it 47 80 or BC that it got destroyed is believe something around there.


So 2000 years ago, this statue is 3000 years old according to the academics. So this is a thousand years before the library of Alexandria. So yeah, it's not unreasonable to suggest that they would've had information about how they constructed these things. In fact, I want to believe that they did. But they might not. But it's gone. Yeah. They might not have, what were you gonna say Jan? Oh, oh. When you're talking about the, we look at the way that they moved the stones, like you're talking about the cedar. They moved one stone in human history. It wasn really big. The biggest stone ever moved was the thunder stone. It was moved by Catherine the greats people Late 17 hundreds. Late 17 hundreds. They used a big team of people and they moved this thing not very far, like 10 miles, eight miles, something like that, Nine miles. And it took, And it half was over ocean.


And it took, And it took nine months. And when they were pulling this thing on the ground, they had to consistently try metallurgy, different types of ball bearings for it to roll on because the ones they were moving would keep being crushed. And then they had to use screw jacks that are just like you jack up a house floor with like a subfloor. They would use these screw jacks to lift the statue back up and put it on bearings. Well the Romans didn't have a screw jack. The, we had metallurgy would trying different kinds of ball bearings and shit. That's something way outside. I mean the 17 hundreds, the 17 hundreds we're talking right at the cusp of them actually making structural steel. You know, this is the beginning of iron bridges and shit. They were actually making good metallurgy then. And it still took trial and error to move this stone. And it's that stone's basically the same size as the ones at Baback, a tiny bit bigger.


But the same kind of issues where they would've had to have jacked that thing up. They would've had to, which would've took steel or hard, hard metal. They basically, they had to have some highly advanced metalurge for the time. Not as good as we have now, but 17 hundreds level of metalurge. That's what it would've taken. And The Romans did not have that level of Sophist pretty fucking close. So that's the thing. So there's something that you informed me of Dan, and this is, let me just give you a shout out. Hey everybody, go subscribe to debunking on YouTube. Your channel is a gold mine that is bringing, you are bridging together the facts that the alternative theorists are presenting as well as the academics. And you're differentiating the truth and your truth and your channel is so valuable.


And what you taught me is that the invention of the screw jack was utilized in order to lift that thunder stone, the bronze horseman on top of that, those metal rails. So with the Egyptian, or excuse me, the Romans didn't have that, that wasn't invented until thousands of years later. So without that screw jack, they would've never been able to lift it in the first place. That stone would've just sat there. 'cause yeah, you said something that you don't believe in ancient technology. I don't believe in ancient high technology in the regards that generally speaking, when you start getting, put this microphone, I'm so sorry. Like It's okay. Kind of like a fist from your face. I'm so sorry about that. That's okay. That I don't, I'm not a believer in ancient high technology. Any regards that I don't believe, like, I don't even, even ancient steam engines would be like pushing it.


When you start talking like really advanced stuff. I tend to be, tend to look for other explanations. I tend to look for, You know, stone was the premier building material for hominids for like millions of years. Literally millions of years. So father passed to his son how to do this sort of thing. And eventually you get to a point where we start working with metal and that that kind of just dies off. We quit doing that for a while. And then a thousand years goes by and we look at what our ancestors used to do and we're like, holy shit. But I honestly think a lot of the stuff that if we just saw how they did it, we would just be like, well fuck, why didn't I think of that? But, but Wait a minute. When you're talking about moving things that were a thousand tons and you're moving 'em through the mountains, like how I, I mean, I mean, Why wouldn't you believe in some sort Of ancient technology?


Well, I, well let's put it this way, I'm not opposed to the idea, but we need to get there first. Like if we're going, like we're talking about the, the thunder stone or the baback stones going from like, I feel like we need to exhaust every other possibility before we can start hanging our hat on something bigger Than that. Okay. What other possibilities could you even conceive of? That's, I I, I'd open to the conversation I guess, but it Is technology, right? I'm, it has to be, it Would be a form of very sophisticated technology. It would, if you're gonna move something that heavy, It would be definitely something bigger. Better than we know or different than we know. But like, like I I give an example that I've used it with Jim before was, You know, when this World War II ended, America ended all their sniper schools overseas to, to tighten the budget.


And Vietnam started, we didn't have any sniper schools and the NCOs on the ground say, Hey, we need trained snipers. They had to actually recruit snipers sharp shooters from the American Olympic team because we didn't have trained snipers anymore in 20 years. We had better tools, worse results because of the lack of skills. So I I'm of the opinion that there's some, you you right. But a sniper is something that we're all very well aware of. It's conceivable, it's obvious how you would do it. It's, you could explain it to the lay person. Yeah. You, You can. But it was something that still, there was a skillset. It wasn lost in just 20 years. Right. That's all I, I think that, I think that like a lot of things that you see a lot of the ideas for moving the big rocks.


So some guys will use like, like they think that like vacu like water pressure vacuums were used to pull rocks up tubes and all kinds. You see all kinds of, of interesting hypothesis that use lower tech means that I tend to think most of 'em I think that don't work. But I tend to, to think that those would be the direction we should be looking before we go to ancient high technology. And again, the reason, the reason that I think that is because if we do get to ancient high technology, we really need to have eliminated everything else by we get there in order to be taken seriously. I guess that's kind of how I look at it. I'm a more skeptical person real quick. So that's, that's let's back up to this. Let's see if we agree on this. Would you agree that what we were taught in school, that the ancients were more sophisticated than the described narrative?


Oh yeah, absolutely. See then there you go. So we're on the same page. 'cause it's like what's technology like? Do they have space lasers and hydraulics? I'm not suggesting that Boeing narrow is technology, right? A horse saddle technology. Yeah, technology. Right. So they had something else. Oh yeah, they definitely, when when, I guess, yeah, like when I get to the, when I think when most people think high technology, like you say space lasers and stuff, powered, powered things like something where they was no longer using human power or water power, something they were harnessing energy or doing sophisticated chemistry things. Like, that's where I start to be like, well I, I need more evidence to go that far with it. However, the moving of the big rocks is something that I'm, I'm quick to say, but in order to do it, we would need, if we were to do it, we would need technology well outside of what they had available to 'em at the time.


And, and in my opinion, if you look at those like this at Beck, to go back to that, you've got the three big stones that were put in a wall that don't have the Roman unit of measurement used. And we got three big rocks in the ground that do have the Roman unit of measurement. I think that they gave up, they realized they weren't able to do it. They had one group carving them and the guys tasked to move 'em looked at what the fuck are you guys on 'em? But there ain't no way we're moving these things. You're on crack. And the fact that it's undocumented, like the foundation of Beck is completely undocumented. The, the go ahead. You were saying something about dating it to 11,000 years. There is, So it, Jamie, if you go to the Baback folder, you'll find an encyclopedia article that describes the evidence of human habitation at Baback dating back 9,000 bc which is 11,000 years ago.


And I'm not suggesting these stones were created back then. I'm open to it. What Is the evidence? Like what kind of evidence? Pottery. Oh Sure. I'd have to go read the, through the scientific article. But it's humans were there 11,000 years ago. Yes. Okay. And the fact that they don't document when the, when the Romans were. Yeah. See right there. And there's another History that dates back at least 11,000 years encompassing against significant periods such as prehistoric Canaanite, Hellenistic and Roman errors. After Alexander the great conquered the city in 3, 3, 4, BCE, he renamed it Heliopolis Heliopolis Heliopolis heliopolis Greek four, sun City. The city flourished under Roman rule.


Now Let me say this real quick, Jamie, will you go to the picture of the, the mountains in this folder? So the, this is something that's unbelievable. Alright, so just scroll through all these photos of the mountains because here's something that people need to understand that is unbelievably significant, which is that all at Beck there are approximately 200 rows granite columns that were transported from the Os one quarry in Egypt, which is 700 miles as the bird flies. And what's wild is that the only way to get them to beck because the bbe is located in the middle of the Lebanon mountains And it has an average elevation of a 8,000 feet with peaks reaching over 10,000 feet. As you can see, there's a fricking ski resort there, which I couldn't believe when I was driving there, there was literally the ski lifts.


I went there in September. So they had to bring all of those multi ton columns, stone columns from Egypt. And the only way to get there was over these mountains, which is mind blowing. And what you're saying by how, how the crow flies as the crow flies, what people need to understand is that doesn't take into account elevation changes, right? So if you're, if you have a flat line like a bird and you're flying from one point to another, that's 700 miles. But if you have to go up and down and up and down and up and down, it's significantly larger. When the measurement, it's not 700 miles, it's probably double that. Right? That's an excellent point. And it's like, then the question is like, why would they do this? Like why would they go outta the how and why, How, why is like, it's cool The, The real question.


Like how do, I mean obviously we built things 'cause it's cool, right? You know, if you go to the Acropolis and the Parthenon, you go, why'd they do that? It wasn fucking cool, You know? But like, people like to leave cool shit Vin, Right? But you look at Bbe, there's a lot of interesting things about it. Like it has the largest temple of Jupiter out of anywhere on the Roman Empire, generally speaking, it's got some of the biggest temples in the Roman Empire period. Yes. But it's a far flung corner of their empire. And it's not an important city really. I mean it it semi-important in the region, but it's certainly no Cairo or anything, right? The whole, but, but it has all these huge temples. My opinion is, my thinking is that they showed up and there was this massive stone work there. And these are the Romans. They can't have these, can't have the locals thinking their ancestors were better than the Romans.


So they fucking hijack it. Just build big shit on top of it. This is now ours. We plant our stamp on it. This is a Roman building. This is all Roman. Now this was never your ancestors. This was always ours. And then the locals don't ever, you can't look to their forefathers or whatever legends they had in a couple generations. Just the power of Rome. Well even the Parthenon, it's built on the Acropolis and the Acropolis is older than the Parthenon. And it's, You know, who made that? Everybody just shrugs their shoulders. Other folks let, stay away from the mysteries we did, we put up here. You know what's interesting about Beck as well is that it's in the Bible. The Lebanon mountains are mentioned 103 times in the Bible.


I am not a bible thumper. I am a believer in a divine creation. I'm proud to say it because I've seen the proof in my own life. However, what's interesting is about Beck is that they said that it was created by ball, which is like this demon entity in the Bible. Whoa. And they declare it as the world's first civilization after the flood. And it was created by giants as punishment for what? Their iniquities of the flood. Oh wow. And I have an article about it. Jamie, if you scroll through, you'll find it Through. Now we're now we're into Anki. Erritory. There You go. Right, exactly right. Stitch has entered the chest. So hold on, go back to those cranes. Let me tell you this. So what you're looking at here is the Romans most sophisticated crane in their history. It had a max lifting capacity of 6.6 tons.


In other words, to lift just one of those trophon stones, you would need 133 of these. Which is obviously completely not feasible whatsoever. You couldn't, you, you wouldn't have the space to do it. And it's just ridiculous to suggest you would coordinate through 133 cranes around it. So what this is what I'm trying to say is that it's further suggestive evidence that the Romans didn't build it. 'cause they didn't have the capability to lift stones of that mass. Yeah. It's still pretty fascinating. The Romans were able to build a crane that could lift six tons. That's amazing. Yeah. But Like, not enough to even lift the stones that were inside the king's chamber. Mm Right. So let me, let me put this into perspective. So the largest stones inside the, the king's chamber of the great pyramid are approximately 80 tons imperial.


So it actually 78 tons imperial or 70 tons metric removed some 500 miles from the os one quarry and lift and stacked hundreds of feet above the ground. But here's what's wild is that those stones, the largest stones in the great pyramid compared to the troon stones, the troon stones are 15 times heavier. Damn. Not, not, not twice as heavy. Not three times as heavy, not 10 times as heavy as A guy who's skeptical of that, of ancient high technology. There's a couple of things that make it where it's like, I, I straight up can't explain. Bobbeck is one of 'em. You can, when you can, you could use those cranes and lay them on their side and drag that stone across the ground. That's exactly what they did with the thunder stone, Catherine, the great time. But then you are tasked with lifting that son of a bitch and all of a sudden you're right back to where you started.


You can drag it across however you want, but when you get to picking it up 14 feet off the ground, Well, fuck yeah. And they dragged it on those, those rails though. Yeah. Sophisticated Rails. More than 23 feet off the ground. Oh yeah. Well it's 30 feet, right? Yeah, It is. 30 feet is documented. I have 23 feet illustrated. 'cause it's where the ground is now. Right. But it, it's the, the foundation of it goes subsurface. So it's like, You know, with these details, like there's a reason why there is a growing interest in the mysteries of lost ancient civilizations because smart people of all kinds of walks of life are looking into the nuanced details and realizing like, oh wait a second. Like when Graham Hawk, Graham Hancock says that there's a missing chapter of human history.


Like this is reality. We don't know how they built the great pyramid. It isn't a, It is a fact that the Egyptians left us with no explanation of any kind out of the tens of thousands of hieroglyphs all over Egypt. Not a single one of them describes how they constructed the pyramid or how they cut granite stones. Not one. Yeah. There's not, there's there big lacks of big gaps in the knowledge is where we end up having these kinds of discussions. And I think to go back to where we first started, we mentioned Flint at the beginning. It that we have a, a problem in my opinion, that most people that see things kind of like I do as opposed to like Jimmy or yourself does, where they're looking where it's, I, I kind of need to take my steps to get to that ancient high technology, right? They end up going that just straight debunker out and then they get skeptical.


They, that's skeptical. They get cynical. They turn into assholes. They turn into, they're looking for ways to appeal To authority. Shoot This down. I just fuck your idea, right? Just saw your ideas wrong. So I know what the implications are. Instead of saying, well, You know, maybe there's other implications, let's have a discussion about it. They just go straight to, no, this is impossible. This is stupid. Make fun of the person. Compare it to flat earth Aism, compare it to aliens and Flynn shape. Even worse. Yeah. Flynn's case's even even worse. He, he's somehow or another to white, Not just Flint. It's that fucking John Hoops man that he's the one that started that shit. He's, he's that guy Wikipedia, and we can talk about that for a quick second. John Hoops is a professor for the University for Kansas University.


And he is been on, been one of the earliest editors of Wikipedia, consistently Graham Hancock's page, younger Drys impact hypothesis page, all kinds of pseudo archeology and, and all pyramids and Atlantis, all that shit. He's got locked. He, it's not just that he edits it, him and his buddies edit it and you can't go in and edit it. There's a scientist from the Comet research group that tried to edit the younger Dries impact hypothesis page and was told he can't because it's a conflict of interest. A fucking scientist that works on this shit's a conflict of interest, but a scientist from outside the field isn't, By the way, John Hoops studied at Harvard and Yale. He got his undergrad, I believe from Harvard and his PhD from Yale or vice versa.


This is, this is significant because he's controlling the information and He, he hides this stuff too. If he, he'll tell you that, You know, he'll tell, I watched him tell Forbes, Hey you, you guys need to cite Wikipedia instead of just because they said the younger driest impact hypothesis. And they just made a real quick article about it with no skepticism. He says, you need to cite Wikipedia as well. He edits the Wikipedia page and doesn't mention that he edits it when he tells people to go look at the fucking Tick. What's, what's his motivation for, he hates debunking this stuff. He Doesn't like Graham Hancock. He doesn't, he think he, same kind of thing. He thinks pseudo archeology is all theisms. He's, if you believe in ancient high technology or you believe in Atlantis, you must be a white supremacist, a racist, a misogynist, a con. Let's Forget about Atlantis for a minute, but I definitely wanna talk about it.


Yeah. But the, what you're seeing is impossible. It's essentially impossible with today's technology. When you're talking about those stones that were moved 700 miles through the mountains. If you tried to bring some engineers together in the United States in 2024, the best and the brightest and said, here's your project, they would say, fuck you, You'd eon musk levels of money to fill out. Right? Yeah. You, you would need super billionaire mon money. And even then, I don't know how you would do it. I, I just don't, I can't conceivably think of a way, and that's what's so interesting about this stuff, is that whatever they did was not just complicated for the time. It was so beyond our imagination of what was possible at the time that it's beyond our imagination of what's possible today.


Right? So it just, it throws this, these facts, the physical facts about the size and the location they were brought from that fly in the face of logic and credibility and our understanding of what's possible. Not just then, but today. So for anybody to say, oh we've figured this out. Hey man, fuck you again. You definitely haven't. And the problem is that you have these fucking names attached to you, Harvard and Yale, and you've decided, because there's a group of people that have been studying this stuff and they fucking wrote some shit down and you studied what they wrote down and you did your own studying, you got a degree, you're the guy and you're the only one.


And it's these same fucking weirdo weasels that put their pronouns in their Twitter bio. And they're just crackpots, they're crackpots masquerading as intellectuals. Yes. Because the things that they're saying are completely bizarre. They're all, 100% of them are captured by this woke ideology. They're 100% of they're weird people man. Because they exist in this structure that's been completely compromised. And that's our education. Our higher education systems have been completely compromised. And this is not to say that they don't teach you amazing stuff about medicine and science. Of course they do. But they are also in a cult. It it is, It is a total cult behavior.


And honestly it's their religion that when you ask is a relationship, the motive is The mostly atheists. Yes, They are. Let me just share this. So with the biggest critics and the naysayers of alternative theories, there's a common denominator, like when you mention the pronouns in their profile. Yeah. Almost all of 'em have it. And they're not trans. And if you look at their political ideologies, it is extremely left. And these people are visceral, they're toxic. And that may just make a side point that I almost forgot is when we're talking about Wikipedia, a lot of people say, well that's why you don't look at Wikipedia. You don't trust it. Who cares about Wikipedia? I'm like, excuse me. It shows up at the top of Google on anything that you search. So it cannot be ignored. And when you're talking a moment ago about the impossibility of the movement of these stones, I wanna just emphasize this 0.1 more time, which is that movement of that 340 ton stone at the large Los Angeles County Museum of Art is one third the weight of the largest stones in ancient history.


And when you look at what it took to do it, so it's like when people, You know, when you're using the word impossible, it's like, listen with what it took for us to do that. And it was a third of the weight and he had to custom build this 260 foot long truck with 196 wheel. And we have internal combustion engines, hydraulics, and we have roads that are flat and smooth. Far better metal, far better ropes. Hold on the roads, years of experience. The roads, one reason why they had to go 106 miles is because they had to go around different roads. 'cause most roads couldn't support the weight Like, like crazy. This people that look into this like don't listen to Jimmy, the YouTuber. Like look into the details on yourself and you'll realize like this is completely inexplicable. And it's so important now because we're living at a time where people are starting to realize that not everything we were taught was true.


In fact, a lot of things you see in the mainstream media nowadays have been utterly debunked. It's all propaganda and Right. And like about history. Yep. Yeah. Recent history. That's easily proven. And the mainstream media will tell false narratives. Well, absolutely. And so we know the people lie. So we know that people lie and we know that people love to be in a position of authority to be the only people that are allowed to dis distribute the truth. We know that. Do, Do you wanna get provocative real quick? Sure. So there, nowadays there's a lot of conjecture about the historical accuracy of different things evolving. World War ii. And Jamie, if you were to go to the Beck folder, or in fact go to the folder called Swastika.


So this is something that I got tremendous heat for. Whereas that when I went to Beck, I noticed that there were swastikas all over the place. And I'm like, well that's interesting. Let me, that's An ancient symbol though. The, the, what a lot of people are not aware of is that the swastika is prehistoric. It's found on five continents around the world and dates back approximately 10,000 years. It is found in Europe, Africa, Asia, north and South America. All before trans oceanic sea travel was thought to be possible. If you scroll through the images, Jamie, you'll kind of give the audience an understanding. Now let me, let me preface this whole conversation with this. Fuck Hitler. He, he, right, He of course, of course. Fuck Nazis. God, he all that right.


He stole the symbol, which was a symbol of peace. Yes. And he bastardized it. So this right here, I took this photo, you'd almost think it's photoshopped in this is literally, this is a photo, this is real. And I'm like, well this is fascinating. I put this up on Twitter and I said, did Hitler know something about ancient history that we don't? And the reason why, and this was a sincere question, everyone started calling me a Nazi. I was spreading dangerous Nazism for it. No, this is a grownup conversation. Right. Hitler was a very intel, he was evil, but he was intelligent. And the Nazis were arguably the most technologically advanced country at that time in World War ii. The jet engine rockets. And for some reason, for reasons that I cannot find a definitive answer on is why was Hitler so into archeology?


They call it Nazi archeology. And the the mainstream people will say, oh, well it's, he weaponized. He was trying to get this Aryan thing going to unite people and just create an enemy. They'll Kick it to himler a lot. They'll say that Himler was the one, it wasn really into that shit. Right? Yeah. And so that's, by the way, that's Peru like 800 years ago you'll find the Native Americans, the Pima Indians, the Navajo, the Apache Umai. There's actually a Hindu temple in Los Angeles. It wasn near my old house. Yeah. And we went to visit it. You could actually have weddings there and they had to have a sign up explaining why there were so many swastikas in the building. I went to the swastikas all over it. I went to Japan And it's the same thing there. They had swastikas on different Shrines.


Well, Okinawa and karate when I was a kid, Okinawa and karate, one of their patches was a swastika. Yeah. And this was when I was a kid. So this is in the eighties when I was studying martial, when I first started studying martial arts, you could get these Okinawa and karate patches that had a swastika on. It had nothing to do with Hitler, it had to do with Japan. Right. Well it's, Oh, sorry, go ahead. Alright, so real quick while Jamie's on this slide, this is from the Hoppo Mound people, which is a modern day Ohio. And that dates back 2200 years ago. Jesus Christ. This is from modern day Ohio. 2000 years ago. 2200 years ago. And so here's the point that I'm making about the swastika is that, look, people debate on whether it was the milk away galaxy, the big dipper, whatever you wanna say.


It's origins were, I do not think that it's a coincidence that a symbol is so specific as it is, is found on five continents around the world. Before trans oceanic sea travel was said to be possible. 'cause just to remind the audience, it wasn't until 1492 when Christopher Columbus sail, the ocean blew blue end of, and it's like, no, this, I believe this is strong suggestive evidence that humans were traversing the continents in the oceans thousands of years before we were taught in school, which is evidence of being more advanced than we were taught in school. Right, Right. Now what did they think this thing was? Well, I, I have an idea about that. I mean, it's, it's not, You know, it's just Dan's idea. But the four, the four directions across, that's the root of the swastika that's pretty commonly used even in Native American culture as like, You know, cardinal points.


Right? This is north, southeast west. So this could be a symbol for the passage of time. Here's this sky is turning the cardinal points turn Rotation of the earth. Exactly. Along with the points of the, the compass. Exactly. Now That's, that's what I, but that's just an idea. I mean, that doesn't, it doesn't really add a whole lot of context to it as far as, You know, I I Why not just have a cross then up down isn't left. Right. Isn't that crazy? Isn't it crazy that a geometric pattern is evil? Yeah. Not just a geometric pattern, but a mustache. It's it's funny. It's, it's deeply offensive. It's, it's, it's funny. It's fucking crazy. It is. Like your beard is fine. Nobody has any problems with it. But imagine like if like, oh you have a wizard beard, you believe in child sacrifice piece of shit.


You know, Like It crazy. It's very strange what we've done. And obviously that's how horrific Hitler was. So Here's something people need to understand. I wanna emphasize this point. Hitler, people need to look in the details. He was looking for giants in Africa. They did. They they set a mission to look Well, He was also on meth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, okay. I'd be looking for giants in Africa. Dudes. I'm like, bro, we're gonna go find dinosaurs. Let's fucking go. I, I love it. The thing is though, it's like I have not found an answer on why he was looking for the Ark of the covenant. A covenant. He was looking for Thor's hammer and the holy grail. Yeah. And, and the thing is to me, I'm like, I don't what did hit.


I feel like there's something that they knew about ancient history that we don't, I don't know if this is true or not, but I want, I feel like I can't find a straight answer. And let me tell you this, if you go googling for answers on Hitler's interest in archeology, The FBI comes knocking at your door. What are you up to? Jimmy? You're gonna find the same article. So this is actually kind of explosive. About two years ago I made a video about Google sabotaging their search results. 'cause remember how I'll show you, if you Google some topic, it'll say there's like a billion results. Yes. So I made a video on this and they would max out at it didn't used to be this way. 'cause I remember watching a video years ago of people going thousands of pages to find some blog spot on some topic. It then became limited.


I did an experiment myself many times on, on benign topics such as pancakes was one of 'em. I typed in pancakes. It had like a billion res, like 700 million results. And then it would only go back to page 41, and then it would recycle. And all those pages before the dozens of pages would recycle some of the same exact mainstream articles. And So I did this on all kinds of topics. And now Google has since removed the page numbers. And so you can only just go see more, see more, see more. And so if you Google any type of topic, and if you're looking for answers on this, they're gonna keep sending you the same regurgitated mainstream article. So I can't find a reliable answer on why Hitler was so invested in ancient history.


And again, I don't give a shit about his Aryan stuff. Like Right. Why was he into the occult? Why was he right? Yeah. I wanna know why he was looking for the arc of the Covenant. Yes. Well, obviously they, their engineering was insane. I mean, to this like, look, so many of our best vehicles that we buy today, the most coveted vehicles came out of Nazi Germany. Yep. And originally Audi, right? Yeah. Volkswagen. Which just Porsche, You know, BMW, Bavarian Motorworks. I mean, all that shit came from the fucking Nazis. I mean, have you ever seen Hitler's race car? Yeah. No. Hitler had an Audi race car. Really? Yeah, man, it's worth like a shit ton of money. See if you can find Hitler's race car. But this was, I mean, their engineering was superior.


This is the reason why we had Operation Paperclip. So Operation Paperclip, we brought over all of the best knock Nazi rocket scientists. The ones That Theon Bryan. Yeah. That's how we got nasa. We got NASA essentially from Nazis. That's still Wow. People, He used B two to put people on, on the moon. I mean, Basically, oh man, I had a, yeah, that's his original race car. Isn't that fucking crazy? But It wasn basically a V two rocket. Because that's an Audi, right? Is that, isn't that, what was the Ozer Mercedes-Benz? Did he have more than one? I, I believe he had a later one that, that's it. That's the one. Wow. So that one had the Audi symbol in the front of it. Well, Can you just clarify your pronouns So I know not to be offended that you're interested in this. I'm, he, him? Yeah, I'm an American man.


We're coming to your town. So look at that photograph. Click on that Auto union. I guess it wasn what Audi's original name was. Wow. Isn't that crazy? Look at that car. It's pretty sharp. Wow. Pretty fucking dope. I mean, imagine now if you, it in 1939, oh my God, it's probably worth, it says it's worth 5.5 million pounds. Any Illegal to sell on so many markets? Is that pounds? Is that what that is? Yeah. A little sign. So many things they would be like, oh, that's Hitler's cardinal. I'm sorry. We can't have you listing that here, buddy. Sorry. Well, Tom Segura bought Burt Reer a cup that apparently was one of Hitler's cups. Like One That he handled Cup Yeah. Really? Allegedly. But You know, how the fuck do You Know, let's get him in the studio and see this thing.


Yeah. But if you have that, you're a monster. But if you had Genis Khan sword, you're fucking cool. Yeah, that's actually an interesting, that's a good comparison. I mean, he Killed a lot more people. He killed 10% of the population of Earth. What Do you think long enough ago that you don't hear anybody talking about Anymore? He rape so many people that his DNAs in a giant percentage of people today, It's like 20%. Yeah. Some, it's something Crazy. We've done it before. I forget what the numbers are, but they're really nutty. But the point is, is there's something particularly disgusting to us about that one genocide. And it's, it's really interesting. And, You know, you, you, you wonder like how long it's going to take. I mean, Dan Carlin has talked about this in depth because he talks about the Mongols and that it's so far in the past.


You know, we're talking about like 1200 ad it's so far in the past that we look at it with almost like an objective perspective instead of a moral perspective. So we say, You know, one thing that d Genghis Khan did it wasn great. He opened up trade to the East and he was a believer of all religions. You could practice anything. You didn't impose anything on people, but he fucking killed everybody. Like if you were alive Back then, he is way worse than Hitler. He killed 10% of the population of Earth. Yeah. But the Nazis were so recent. You know, we have grandfathers that are alive today that fought in World War ii, and they can tell you, You know, Hey man, I fucking remember this shit. And, and then we have Jews like Ari Fear's dad, who was in the concentration camps.


Ari Fear's dad has a tattoo in his arm. That's wild. Yeah. His dad's in his eighties, I believe. Well, That's wow, that, that, that recent memory is a big part. Like I see the Hunter s Thompson stuff on your wall. You, you read his book of Hell's Angels, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You remember him talking about that aspect of it? That the, the bikers, the Hell's Angels rocked Nazi memorabilia. The guy, he asked the guy, why, why don't you, he's like, because my dad fought the Nazis and he fucking hates this Jesus. So I, I wear this because Jesus Christ, I wear this just to piss off my dad a Lot of that, this contrarian, You know, But You know, that's, that's, but my point is, is that, You know, he wouldn't, Hey, genus Kong symbol wouldn't be doing any good. Right? Right. But it's this, this has, this has an emotional attachment.


Genus Kong's mustache would be fine on me. Right. I mean, people might laugh at me a little bit, But I don't even know what it looked like. Yeah, I'd see it. I gotta Same picture. Yeah. You don know what it Looks like. Yeah. We don't know. Yeah, It's pretty wild. It's the, the Nazi thing, the, the fact that it's so horrific, it just like puts any, anyone who has anything to say that's coloring outside the lines. You get labeled the Holocaust, Denni and Antisemite, You know, though the worst labels that they can put on you. And a good example that is that, that podcast, oh God, I forget his name, but it was the Tucker Carlson controversy where he had this guy on his podcast and he was talking about what William Churchill's role in the Holocaust was.


'cause they had put these embargoes on Germany and basically starving everybody to death. And they just started calling him a Holocaust denni. And that's like, not what he was talking about at all. That's not what he was saying at all. He was just saying no, there's a, there's a multifaceted explanation for why they decided to exterminate all these Jews. And part of it was because of an embargo where they were starving people out. What is his? Daryl Cooper? Darl Cooper. And what is his podcast called? It's excellent. I listen to it all the time, but my brain's not working right now. I just got outta the gym. I'm on meathead mode. It's something, I know what you're talking, I I can't, I've drawing a blank on it as well.


Martyr Made Martyrmade. That's right. Martyr Maid. And he's martyr ma on Twitter and Instagram. And You know, to call that guy an anti-SIM or a Holocaust artist is so stupid. He's a brilliant guy. And it, his podcast is excellent. And he's really sensitive and well balanced. And he gives a very comprehensive view of things. It's not in any way, like prejudiced. It's a great podcast, But you're not allowed to color outside the lines. I mean, Well, yeah. That's all he is. He he was just saying that Churchill was one of the villains. Yeah. And that's very, that's, that's realistic. Like the multiple different reasons for that. You, you tighten up their belt, they're going, that's not gonna be passed to the top, that's gonna go straight to the people in the camps. Exactly. It's, it's real. That's, and that's no brainer shit.


Right. To, I don't even have to see the podcast to Put the murder of all those Jews. That's not what he's doing. That's where it's so crazy about stifling discourse. Yeah. Because you, 'cause it wasn a fascinating conversation. And we should be considering that. Like, wow, that's crazy. There were so many factors. There's so many horrible things going on altogether. Well, they say you're supposed to learn from history, but how the fuck are you gonna learn from history if you actually take the lessons out of it? Right. I mean, I mean, this is an important thing here. You think about this right now with the stuff in the Middle East in the last 20 years, we Sure. Every time we put an embargo on there Yes, we are. We're not starving Saddam Hussein, we're starving the people in his freaking prison. So remember that? Yeah. Dave Smith was talking about that on a podcast recently. That during the Clinton administration, the embargoes starved to death 500,000 children.


Yeah. Yeah. See, that's fucked. Yeah. And that's worth remembering. And it doesn't, if, if having that conversation make somebody call you a Holocaust deni, that person should be out of the conversation, in my opinion. Right. And like you were saying, academia is chock full of those Kinds of fucks right now. And they should be shamed. They, they should be shamed by people who want to know the, the whole Picture's the opposite of knowledge. It's right. It's, it's certainly not condoning holocausts. It's fucking, it's so stupid to not be looking at everything. The Good news is that people are waking up to this. Yes. A lot of people think just like us, where they're objective enough to understand that. Like, well, that's silly. Yes. And so they're putting themselves in a corner in this echo chamber where people just aren't listening to anymore. Like when it comes to like mainstream archeology, we call it big archeology, establishment, archeology.


They're putting themselves into a corner where people, like, if you're gonna, if I'm gonna ask questions about the swastika and you're gonna say, I'm spreading dangerous Nazism, some people will buy into it. But I've noticed that most people are like, no, he's asking a question. Well, We have the internet now. We have shows like yours and yours and mine, where you can have conversations about things and, and people get to see, oh, these people that are in control, they're all loons and they're all telling us that you have to think this one way or you're the the worst person on earth. And I don't buy it. No. It's, it's a dumb way to look at the world. It's un-American. Sorry to the flag for a second. But yeah, I, it really is proud to be, I live in a country where I can have somebody with their pronouns and their fucking bio and somebody not with their pro, we can both yell at each other and not have us end up in jail over it.


And It's also this position that people have when they're teachers, when they're educators. Oh. And they have this position, You know, and I can speak to it a little bit from martial arts because in martial arts, when, when I first started doing martial arts, it was in the 1980s and the 1980s, every discipline believed they had the very best discipline. All the judo people thought judo was the only martial art you needed to know. All the karate people thought karate. Was it TaeKwonDo people where I came from, they all believed in TaeKwonDo. And it took UFC, the UFC to slam everything together and go, oh Jesus, half of this stuff is fucking useless. Yep.


And You know, and some of it's not useless. Right. There was some things from, like John Jones won the UFC heavyweight title this past weekend with a TaeKwonDo kick. It was amazing. Yeah. It wasn unbelievable. And So I was so happy 'cause it wasn my thing. So me watching him do it wasn like, yes, why aren't more people doing this? Like, you guys should have been doing this from the beginning. It's the most powerful kick in the sport. But the, this, the, you were in trouble if you trained in other disciplines. Like Bruce Lee was a heretic. And he's probably one of the most important figures in martial arts. Not just because he induced, introduced people to it like myself who became martial artist Because it was a Bruce Lee fan. He also combined all kinds of different martial arts and it wasn dji Kune do, he developed a style.


It wasn essentially he took Western boxing, he took some judo that he learned in karate and all these different techniques and just tried to find what is the absolute best thing for just fighting. And it wasn a he was a heretic. Like he was, his life was threatened for that. Yeah. And it's because the educators want to be the only people that can distribute information and they don't wanna be challenged. When I was in high school, I had a teacher who was, his name was Mr. Holman. He was a very nice guy, but he was a smart guy that wanted to be the only smart guy. And he was great talking to me 'cause I was a stupid kid. But unfortunately, one day I had watched a documentary and I have, I've always had a, a very good ability to recall things.


And we were, we were in class and he was talking about the pollution in Lake Erie. And I had just watched a documentary about the extensive work that they had done to clean up Lake Erie. And that they had made these huge strides in removing pollution and crap and all these different things from Lake Erie. And he was talking about stuff that he had learned in school 20 years prior. And so when I was, I said, well, You know, there's a PBS documentary and I, I brought this up in class where there's been this extensive work and they talked about the amazing accomplishments of cleaning up Lake Erie. And he got so mad at me. I'm like, you're not mad at me, man. You're mad at PBS. Like, I don't fucking do any research.


I watched a documentary. But back then you could say you don't know what you're talking about. And I couldn't pull my phone out and go, oh, but what? Look at that. Right. That's fucking, you could watch it, dude. Like they, these people have done an amazing work cleaning up Lake Erie. Yeah. But he didn't want anyone else to have any information. Other, what he should have said is, that's fascinating. I haven't seen that documentary. Can you do, can, do you recall the name of it? And let's see if we can get it, maybe show it to the class. Right. I'm gonna try to do that. 'cause that's great step from That's a good sign. What I'm talking about is what Lake Erie had become because of industrial engineering and because of pollution and waste, it wasn coming from all these plants. So he was true. He was correct.


But time had changed and he did not like that. I knew that. And he did know that. And I remember being in that class going, this is so crazy. This is my fucking science teacher. My science teacher doesn't want details, he doesn't want facts. This happened to me. So I was in the military years ago, And it wasn't long after I got home from Iraq and I was going to Warrior Leadership course, which is to become an E five A sergeant. And back then they were teaching A, B, C, which is airway bleeding, what was the other one? Circulation, whatever. And for emergency medical response, if someone's dying. And they had since updated where bleeding is the most important thing to focus on. 'cause soldiers were bleeding out. And during this war warrior leadership course, they're teaching the core, the class 30 people wrong information that is since outdated.


And I try to interject to say, oh, this is what they're teaching now. And it was the same exact thing that happened. Yeah. He didn't stop, You know, no, this is what, this is what's written down right here. I'm like, no, but that's not even what they're teaching in theater right now. Like I'm trying to, this is, this is medical emergency stuff that could save someone's life. And he didn't wanna hear it one bit and I couldn't believe it. I was astonished he should, He shouldn't have said, that's interesting. I did not know that. We need to update what we're showing you. These three factors are the same. But now we know. Thank you Jimmy. Now we know that bleeding is more primary. That should been the, that's the response of a real leader. Right. And a real leader. You look, there's, you're always gonna have blow hards in your class that are gonna want to hear their own voice. They wanna talk about stuff and, and chime in and correct people.


And, but you gotta let a certain amount of that. And that's the internet. And people don't like that. And that's why they wanted to ban people from Twitter. They don't like these people coming along that have ideas that, like the Great Barrington Declaration where they, You know, the, the government actually conspired to get these people removed from Twitter. And we know that because Elon, thank God bought Twitter and changed discourse. But this, this was a concerted effort to take these people who were brilliant people who had degrees, were experts in this field that they were discussing. And they decided they were gonna remove them because they didn't go along with the narrative. And they were confusing people in a time where they were trying to force vaccinations on everyone.


Right. The emotion side of it from the individual levels, like what you guys described, you have a teacher, the emotional reaction, that's a huge part of it. But when the, like, that's a huge part of it when, especially with archeology, because a lot of, it's not really hard science. A lot of it's like, I've got this arrowhead here and I've conjured up this story and so now it's my story and you're not attacking the science, you're attacking me. But it gets even worse when you look at it, what they get like this hate for Graham Hancock And it in particular Graham Hancock, they, that makes it where it's like you can't trust a damn word that comes out of their mouth when they're discussing. Like if we were talking back to the martial arts, You know, one of the things that came out was a keto was just ass, it's no good at all for like man to man combat.


It's, what was it for like samurai that had been knocked off a horse or some shit? Well, it was designed to redistribute the energy of your attacker. Okay. So if someone's coming at you with a sword, if you don't have a sword and a guy swings a sword and you're fast enough to get away from the path of the sword and grab the guy's arm or body and manipulate him to the ground to remove a sword, it's essentially a disarming. Okay. So it's not the best thing in the world. It just doesn't work against a wrestler. Okay. So it, So now wrestl and that makes Is way better. And now wrestling is the, if you wanna find out the best way to take a person to the ground and control 'em, we 100% know it's wrestling. Yeah. You just grab go. The most ancient sport in the world, that dates back to the Sumerians.


Yes. And by the way, wrestling, in wrestling, I include judo. I, i I include different forms of jiujitsu that were ancient because these allowed people to manipulate limbs and to control joints, which allowed them also to take people down and submit them. But the point is, you, you, You know, had a bunch of people believing that this one goofy ass martial art was the end all be all because of a good Steven Segal movie. Exactly. No, no. And what my point was there is it's like you're, you're considered a pretty much an expert in martial arts. You're not, not like you, you're a professional announcer for UFC. Shit. You know your shit. So if I watched you say Steven Egal, You know his martial arts, it's fucking a keto man.


I don't know what to tell you. Yeah. But I would not do that. I would tell you Steven Segal was really good. Yeah. Really good at a keto. But if you were, if you, if you hated Steven Segal, if you were one of his many haters, you could just attack a keto without ever saying his name. Yeah. And just be digging him a ditch. Right. You could just be burying him without ever mentioning Steven Segal's name. You could just attack a keto. A keto is a shit martial art. It's, it's not effective. It's not very good. And then by extension, you're making Steven Segal look bad. And this is one of their favorite tactics to do to Hancock. They will Attack This idea is racist. It's inherently bullshit. They don't have to mention Hancock's names now. It's just, they just glue the two. They're so insidious this way. Yeah. And they connect the, the connecting Hancock to white supremacy and aliens is the dumbest one.


Because first of all, he never said nothing about aliens. And not only that, not only does he not think of it as white people built this stuff, he thinks it's the people that live there, but they lived there a long ass time ago. It's the same fucking people. It's Africans. Yeah. Whoever built the pyramids, they were Africans. Like, I'm an American. Yeah. You know, let me just remind the audience that's where they lived. Egypt is in Africa. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. They, that is Northern Africa and it's the most sophisticated construction we have ever witnessed on the face of the earth. Yeah. Anybody that disagrees you, you need to really study what they accomplished in just in the great pyramid. It's mind boggling precision.


It's not just the incredible feat of moving massive stones, hundreds of miles through the mountains. It's the mind boggling precision of the construction of these, these buildings. That is, it's so crazy. It's almost like they made it so nutty that even if everything dissolved and expired, it would give us a, a at least some clue that maybe something happened, maybe people had achieved a level of sophistication. And my thought is, and this is just a, a guess, is that as we move towards metal and we move towards using different kinds of combustion engines and electronics, we moved in a very specific area of technology and we were allowed to do this because things have been relatively peaceful for a couple hundred years.


Okay. Right. Relatively peaceful for, and also there's war in other places. So it allowed us to spend our time here devising ways to fuck up people over there. Right. That's the Manhattan project. Right. But if, if you have a completely different avenue that thinking goes in and innovation goes in, and instead of combustion engines and electronics, you have something that we haven't even considered. And that to me seems like what Egypt is. It seems to me that they have this incredibly fertile area. So for people, look at Egypt now you're looking at all the sand and all this shit. That is not what it looked like in the, the thousands of years before the construction of the pyramid.


It was a rainforest And it was fertile. And so my thought is these people probably had plenty of food. Yeah. And so they didn't have to go anywhere. And so they weren't attacked that often. The Nubians conquered 'em and that's when the statues started changing, looking more Southern African. But you, you're, you have these people that live at this incredibly resource rich place and they were able to spend thousands of years there. And I think in those thousands of years, they devised methods that we still haven't even considered because we went in a different path. Okay. And we, we can't consider any other paths. We consider our path and we say, well, we're the furthest we lived, we lived today.


Okay. So those fuckers in the past, they're basically cave people. Right. That's how we look at it. That's Yeah. They look 'em like dumb people playing with stones. Yeah. Ah, they were silly. Yeah. They, they used stones because they weren't smart enough to use metal. And it's like, when you look at the de details of stone, it's like, eh, I you could say it's more impressive. Well, We wanted to talk about go Beckley Tepi. Yeah. Go Beckley tepi is not just fascinating and it's construction, but also in the timeline. 'cause the timeline fucked everything up. Oh yes. I remember when Graham Hancock and Zoe Haass were having that big debate with that other guy who's an archeologist, the American guy's very smug, but he's like, what evidence do you have of a civilization that lived 10,000 years ago? Well, you have one now. Yeah. So you have to shut the fuck up. 'cause you were wrong. So in the 1990s, the sheep herder finds this stone.


He starts kicking it and moving it around and he realizes, wow, this is a big ass stone. I probably bring in some smart dudes to figure this out. And they start digging and they go, oh Jesus, this is these huge circles of giant stone columns with 3D carved animals on them at a time that we thought people were living in teepees. Right, right. We thought people had stone tools. We didn't think there was any metal. We thought It had to be done the opposite way around. We thought you needed to be a hunter-gatherer or a farmer and then you could build. And now they, they had to flip that entire shit on its ear. Well actually maybe, I think they only flipped that shit on its ear to try to make it look like they were right about the, the timeline of hunter gatherers.


I completely agree. And to ignore the possibility of an ancient civilization before Mesopotamia. I completely agree. Because it's the only thing that makes sense. There's no way when you're just struggling to find food. Okay. And if you've ever gone on a fishing trip or a hunting trip, it's fucking hard to get food. When we have modern stuff, it's hard to get food with a rifle. Right. Right. So these people were getting food and they, somehow or another in between them while like running around trying to shoot rabbits with a bow and arrow, they figured out how to make these massive stone columns and, and put them in position and, and move them in circles and, and hundreds Of them, some pretty Great artists too, doing some relief carvings. I mean that's some, that's not the same as just carving It not but animals that weren't local to the area.


Yeah. Which is like, what, how do you even fucking know this is a thing? What is this? So Gobekli Tepe brother, if there is such a thing as an ancient conspiracy theory, it's, it's this. So I remember hearing Gram Hancock come on your show back in like 2015 or 2017, and he was talking about Gobekli Tepe. And at that time he had shared that the site was only approximately 5% excavated. It's the first video on my channel. It's like Aug August, 2017. And I shared the details of it. These, these pillars dates back 11,600 years. It appears to be purposely buried at the same time of the younger driest climate catastrophe. This is fascinating.


And You know, excavations, were continuing. So I'm like, okay, I'm gonna back burn this topic of Gobekli Tepi for a little while. Let them further their excavations. And I'll revisit this later when there's something new to share. So earlier this summer, I'm like, all right, let me, let me revisit Quebec tappe and see what's new there. And I was astonished to learn that that 5% figure was still the same. Have you heard this? Yeah, I've watched your videos on it. Yeah. YouTube channel Bright Insight, subscribe, Don't forget to show to undeniably Strange. So your videos are undeniably strange. So here's some images where you could see what it kind of looks like along with this Global Heritage fund.org story on it.


So, So it sells 5%, 5% Still. And that figure is still the same as of 2023. Yeah. I had partnered one, there's a lady who does tours there and corroborated the 5% figure. And then there's a gentleman named Hugh Newman who's an author and also leads tours. And he communicated with me that what they were gonna do, and I couldn't believe this, they're gonna defer a full scale excavation for quote future generations with a 150 year estimated timeframe for a full excavation of Gobekli Tepe. And I'm like, wait a second. Are are you serious? Like, this makes no sense. We're talking about arguably not just the world's oldest ancient site, but arguably the most mysterious 'cause. It's like you were just saying, it's not supposed to exist based on everything we're taught in school.


It's supposed to be the Sumerians. And then you have the site of Go Beli, Tempe made up of sophisticated pillars and concentric circles. Five, At least 5,000 years older. Yeah. That older than almost 7,000 years older than Stonehenge. And Stonehenge is a mystery of itself. Right. So I start looking in, I start Googling and looking into the details, I'm like, this doesn't make any sense. How could there possibly be? How could they defer excavations for future generations when this may be the most important ancient site on earth involving our lost, our mysterious, lost ancient past. And So I started digging into this and I couldn't believe what I found. So they were doing large scale excavations, but that has since ceased, just to clarify, they are still excavating Gobekli Tepe, but they have rolled and dialed back the large scale excavations of the years prior.


And they're focusing on conservation and tourism management of the site. And like I said, with 150 year timeframe. And I'm like, wait a second, I can't. And I have all the screenshots in that folder Because of funding. Absolutely not. So not only have they never claimed that it's related to funding, but this is where things get bizarre, is that there's a Turkish conglomerate called the Dozers Group, which consists of 250 companies within Turkey. It's a billion dollar industry. And they're the ones that took over management and funding of the site back in 2017. And they announced this at all places. The World Economic Forum meeting in Davos in 2016 is when they announced this partnership, initial funding of $15 million.


At that time, they set up the infrastructure for tourism, roads, sidewalks, walkways, roofing platforms. And since then is when they dialed back the excavations. And I'm like, this makes absolutely no sense. So it has, let me just be crystal clear here. It has nothing to do with funding. And they've never claimed it has anything to do with funding. But their excuses, they have said, one of which is that, well, we wanna wait for future technologies to develop so we can more safely excavate the site. And I'm like, wait a second. Hold on a second. We're talking about pillars buried in dirt, it's 2024. Do not tell me that we do not have the technological capability to dig rocks up.


To dig rocks up. What would be an alternative explanation? So, okay, this is where things get fun. Oh boy. So Rabbit hole, here we go. Fun. I love a good rabbit hole. Let me say a couple things before I get into it. One of which is that them saying that they're waiting for a future technology to develop to safely excavate the site. I'm like, what type of magical shovel or pressure water hose are we talking about here? It's a Vacuum, a dirt vacuum. And and since they're saying that they're continuing to excavate the site today Yeah. Since they're saying they're continuing to excavate the site today, I'm like, well, which is it? Are you saying that you're doing so in unsafe methods?


And I already know that's not the answer because there's been no issue with destructing the site from digging it up. It's not like they broke a pillar and like, oh dang, wait a second, we need to walk this back. We're not doing things safely. Right. Right. That's not, that's not the case here. So there are a few explanations here. Okay. That's what I want to hear. So one of which is that I th the most logical explanation, this is the less conspiratorial one, which is that it has to do with money. You have this Turkish conglomerate of people that are saturated with members of the World Economic Forum. For example, the CEO of the Doish group is a longtime member of the world economic form, then may back burn the world economic form for a half a second. They're business people, they took over the site and it's all about money.


Now, back in 2019, Gole Tapi had approximately 19,000 visitors yearly. Now it's at a half a million. Their focus, if nothing else, they're just trying to ri bring revenue in. It's all about money. Yeah. They don't care about excavating the rest of the site. If they spend 15 More million, it's not gonna bring 15 more million in revenue. Right. And, and they just want their money back. Okay. Right. Okay. But I'm like, well this is, that makes sense. It does make sense. That's the way You know that real quick, it also, the mystery plays is that side is probably the second most popular place in the planet with people like ourselves. And the more mystery is there, the more money, it's the more like, You know, we did deal in mystery. So if there's, if they excavate everything and we know everything there is about that site and it's all super mundane and there's nothing cool about it anymore that, that that t dries up and there's no milk coming Out.


But how could it ever stop being cool? I agree. Agree. It doesn't make any Sense. Agree. I agree With that. But that one doesn't make any sense. That's A zahi HOAs kind of thing. He, he's of the same opinion where I, I think a lot of the same things, excuse me, happen in Egypt for the same reasons. Zhi HOAs is, quote quota was saying that those new age people, it doesn't matter what happens in Egypt, the new age people, they come, it's about tourism, You know, ever since the Arab spring tourism and just been lower. So I think a lot of the same, like the, we're gonna talk in a minute about the, the hidden chamber in the pyramid that they've located and still haven't excavated for whatever fucking reason. I think that might be part of it. If, if you wanna get super mundane and not conspirator, it's just a simple, the tourists keep coming while there's a mystery there. As soon as we open that up, it's just an empty, empty chamber.


I mean, so Yeah. I I don't think, I don't buy that neither. I think the mystery of the structures themselves that we have completely excavated is just so fascinating. So let me be clear on Gobekli Tepe, it's somewhere between five and 10% excavated. There's a bunch, which means that, So here's, it says some archeological sites that are where only 10% or less have been uncovered None of which date back anywhere near remotely as old as Gobekli Tepe. And so just to put this into perspective, Gobekli Tepe, according to ground Pet turning radar consists of approximately 200 T-shaped pillars. Only 72 of them have been unearthed. And as of just a few years ago, they're, they're dialing that back to fully excavate them. Which again, the 150 year timeframe. And I'm like, this is entirely unacceptable.


It is. There could be hidden answers about our lost ancient past waiting to be discovered on these pillars. Because all the pillars are trying to tell us some sort of story. Right. They all have depictions, animals, all kinds of things on them. There's the shaman with the bag, Right. Which is Seen, which is very interesting. Right. We've seen that from the Sumerians we've seen in South America. The bag thing is very fascinating. It Is. It's hotly debated. It was, yeah. I'm, I'm sure I don't, I mean you could say maybe it's a tool bag. You could say maybe it's psychedelics. He's gotten that bag. You know, Academics say it says water, water, it, it's a water, it's a water bucket. You guys familiar with the work there? Martin Sweatman, Excuse me? You guys familiar with the work of Martin Sweatman? Yeah. No, I'm not. He's the one that, he was on ancient apocalypses one for a minute.


He's the guy who's the made basically a star map of go that pillar 43. And in his opinion, those three handbags at the top were three sunrises. Hmm. And if that's the case, that would almost make sense because then like a picture of an Assyrian holding that would be like holding of astronomical knowledge. Like this, this symbol could have been a symbol of knowledge of astronomy. Which is one thing honestly about go back Could been a book bag. It could have been a book Bag. Right? I mean it kind of makes sense. They probably had to travel around with their books. So here's the thing that pillar, that's just one pillar of 200. And here we are debating, we don't even know what it is. Right. It's all conjecture. Pull it Up, Jamie, so we can see what that pillar looks Like. So this Gobekli Tepe situation is far more bizarre than, than we've described so far.


I think the logical explanation though is that you have massive tourist revenue coming to see it as is why spend more money and excavate these things? I think that's the most, so this is the pillar. I think that's the most logical explanation. But it could be more insidious than that because, So that's one pillar. That's Just, that's pillar 43. The most debated one of them all. And there's approximately 128 more pillars that are still buried in the earth. What's That bird doing holding the earth? That, That Dr. Martin, Dr. Martin Sweatman, his first paper on Go Beckley Tepe Pillar 43. He's got Scorpio in the bottom. He believes that's Sagittarius, that that's the sun. And if that, that's one, basically it's a star map.


Denoting the time that the comets smacked the earth is ba is what he believes. Ah, each one of those vs his latest paper on it. Each one of those V symbols is a day. Each one of, in his opinion, each one of those boxes is a month. And there is a basically a, a full year denoting the whole thing. The way he's broke it wasn. Very interesting stuff. And one of the things, interesting things that's wild to me when we talk about like the, the lack of further excavations is almost every pillar we bring up has new, new symbol, new symbols, new iconography. If we're trying to find some sort of ancient proto language or something, we're gonna, we need more symbols, we need more things on earth. Sure. Yeah. And that's completely opposed by the mainstream archeology.


The idea that these guys had any sort of written language is fucking ridiculous. But, and What are the theories involved in, You know, I know it's been theorized that it was purposely covered in dirt. It, it really looks Like It. If you look at pictures of the excavation, it looks Like It was all piled in with stones and dirt because if it was some sort of natural event, it would've destroyed the call. The the pillars, the pillars are, are preserved. So it wasn't just blown in with dust. If you look at it's gravel and like as Graham Hancock has explained that Klau Schmidt, the original excavator of the site before his untimely passing in 2014, it, the people that have worked the site believe it was intentionally buried. That is debated in the, in academia today. But isn't there also carbon isotope dating of the ground soil that shows it's the same age throughout the entire whatever feet it is of the, the dirt.


Yes. It's covering it. And So it, it's very apparent that it was purposely buried. And what's interesting about that is that it coincides exactly with the younger driest climate catastrophe. So if you want an alternative idea on, so okay, we could talk, could it be Mudslides? No. 'cause it would destroy those, those pillars Knock 'em over at least. Yeah, That's that. I've seen that in Iraq with the statues. Right. So we'll share, let's talk about this in a second. This is, so this is where things get wild. So let Me, that's before the excavation. This is an aerial photo from what years is this? That should be 2004 or no, no, excuse me. Before 1994 or they started excavations in 1994 and 1995.


So that is when it was just dirt. Correct. Everybody thought it was just a regular hillside, which is makes you wonder how many more there out There. Well they're finding dozens of other sites around Turkey. Oh yeah. That are even Older. All over the place. And even older. Even older. Yes. So let me tell you a few different things about Go Beckley Pepe, when you bring up pictures of the pillars, notice how they all annotate animals on them. Yeah. Now this is a fun topic and I have a few other things to share. One of which is that if you wanna talk about reasons not to excavate it, I'll give you two possibilities. And this is just conjecture, I don't know what the answer is, let me say this upfront. But part of it could have a religious implication as well as a climate change implication. Let me start with that. So we know it is an established fact that the younger driest climate catastrophe happened between twelve thousand eight hundred and eleven thousand six hundred years ago.


We know that there was vast changes in weather patterns throughout the Northern hemisphere. The only part of it that's debated in as well as near extinction events or extinction events of many different mammals in North America. But what we know is that something happened, whatever it is, is what's debated. Whether it's a cosmic impact, whether it's a pole shift, whether it's sun cycles, all kinds of conjecture all the way around. But when I mentioned the WEF, they are the biggest proponents of the manmade climate change narrative. They're the ones that wanna get rid of gas powered stoves. They want us to get rid of vehicles. They are pushing their initiatives around the world. And they believe that we're destroying the planet. I'm not saying they're entirely wrong, but I don't agree with their ways of going about it.


But that's a side point. But here's the thing, when you look at the legend of Noah's Flood and the Noah and Noah's a, or excuse me, Noah's Ark and the flood. So I'm not suggesting that there was a flood that covered every mountain on earth. And nor am I suggesting that there was a boat that housed every species of animal on earth. However, if Noah's arc existed, many believe that it was crashed onto Mount ARMRA, which is also in Turkey. And something fascinating is that in the Bible, in Genesis eight 20, some of the first verses after Noah emerged from the flood is that he was said to have constructed an altar to the Lord where he sacrificed some of every clean animal and some of every clean bird Gobekli Tepe is in Turkey.


And every single one of those pillars, annotates animals. And some have suggested that it could be Noah's altar. Now that could be one reason why they wouldn't wanna excavate it is because Turkey is an an Islamic country. And if it there were, if there was some Christian religious belief, it wasn corroborated, they might not want that to happen. Another possibility is that the site itself might corroborate the younger driest climate catastrophe. And when we're in a timeframe where they don't, they don't like talking academics, they don't like talking about cataclysms. They wanna pretend they don't, they didn't happen. They want everything to be manmade. Climate change. They don't ever talk about the Sahara being green 5,000 years ago.


Like when talking about Egypt being a rainforest, they find whale bones in the Sahara crazy. Oh no Joe. Those are 30 million years old. So stop talking about it. Isn't that crazy? You know, whale bones, it's amazing when you think about it. Yeah. And so as far as the climate change narrative there, there could be a possibility that they don't want the evidence of a, of a prehistoric civilization. It wasn more advanced than what we ever thought to believe that might corroborate some Christian narratives. And if nothing else, they don't want it to be brought into the discussion of modern day climate change. Because notice on the topic with climate change, they never mention natural stuff. Right. They don't discuss the malkovich cycles, which consists of three variables, one of which is the Earth's procession, the other is the earth's tilt, and the other is the distance from the earth, from the sun.


All three of those variables are constantly changing every single day. Although immeasurable day by day, they happen over tens of thousands of years. But each individual of those variables impact climate on earth. For example, when it talk about the green Sahara, they believe the most likely reason has to do with the earth's processional cycle. I'm like, well wait a second, where's this in the conversation of modern day climate change, if we're talking about us destroying the planet, I would just like an answer as far as where these three variables are in the conversation. Did you see the Washington post's very inconvenient data that they published about the temperature of earth? No. Please tell me. See find the washed post climate study.


They found that we, we are in a massive cooling period. If you go back Yes. You know, X amount of a hundred thousand years and you look at like what's happening to, yeah, it goes in cycles. But that's what it Looks like now, right? So tempera there is climate over the last four 85 million years. Look at the the dip we're in. Yeah. And look how it's never static. It's down and up and down and up and down and up all throughout the history of the earth, which is measurable. And it's not to say that we don't have an impact on it, we definitely do. That's a pretty sharp, pretty sharp increase there. But yeah. But here's the thing. Even if we didn't, but there's sharp increases in the past. There's couple other ones. Yeah. Look at, there's a couple other ones. Yep. Look at, You know, look at 390 million years ago at that peak, it wasn just looking at giant peak.


That's fucking crazy that that's straight up and down. Yep. It's always happened. It's not like it's static. And then industrial engineering comes along and then you see this big increase. Oh boy, what are we doing to the earth? No, it's like, even if we didn't do anything, we have no control over the temperature of the earth. And what's really terrifying, Randall Carlson talks about this all the time, is global cooling. That's what's really terrifying when global warming happens. Oh no, you gotta move outta Malibu, you're gonna be okay. Hey Jamie, you gotta moved to the places where it used to be cold and now it's warm because humans have always been nomadic. That's the whole reason why we're not an Africa anymore. Global will fucking kill us. All right. So global cooling will kill, global cooling will kill everything.


And we, we came, Randall talks about this, that we came very close at one point in human history. We came very close to losing the change that's required to, to literally keep life. Yeah. Jamie, will you bring up my ice age or ice folder? So I have an update from you from the last time I was on your podcast. Go over to the graph. Should be one of the first slides. And it, that one go right. Hang out right there for a second. So when I was on your show last time, Joe, I discussed, I said something very specific where I said, I think the da, this is with my exact words. I think the data might indicate that cold is more often than it's hot. And do You know what happened after that? I was gonna send this to you, but I held off 'cause you've seen enough hit pieces.


So there was a hit piece done on me by Media Matters, which was funded by George Soros and their networking of Vox and other, they did this hit piece on me to say that Jimmy Corsetti was on Joe Rogan spreading climate change, denial and inaccurate information. The only thing, if you could bring that back up, Jamie, please. The only thing that I said wrong is that I said the data might indicate that the earth is cold more often than hot. Excuse me. No, the A, the data absolutely definitively shows that Earth is cold more often than it's hot. And what you're looking at here is straight out of the Utah Geological Survey. It's prestigious, it's found at the top of Google. And what you're looking at here is data from the last 450,000 years corroborated from data taken from ice core samples from Antarctica as well as Greenland.


And what it shows is that not only are we in the middle of a 3 million year old ice age, there's something called glacials and interglacials. Glacials are where it's cold and the glaciers grow. Interglacials are where things warm. And the glaciers recede. What you're seeing here is four, arguably five interglacial periods over just the last 450,000 years. So nevermind hundreds of millions of years ago. What it shows is that the periods of cooling last seven to nine times longer than interglacials, which are periods of warming. And here's what the fun part, interglacials last anywhere from 10 to 30,000 years. And our warming started 11,600 years ago.


Which means that we're already in the window for potential catastrophe for things to start cooling again. So when I was on your show last time, and I was mentioning Elon Musk talking about ice ages being a deep, deep rabbit hole. Do you remember that? Yeah. He was talking about it. Well, I know what he's talking about. It's this. It means that we're already in the window where things could start cooling again. And when it does, we're in a lot of trouble, I think. And I can't speak on his behalf. I would, God, I gotta tell you next time, could you just text him and ask him if he thinks it's related to poll shifts? I need to tighten up my study on this. 'cause I'm like, I think 'cause let me tell you something, let me share something right now that you've never heard on this show before. You hear everyone talking about Cosmic Impact hypothesis. You hear people talking about Sun cycles.


Not a lot of people have been on here talking about poll shifts. Let me give a quick shout out to Ben Davidson of suspicious observers. I recommend maybe you link up with them. Nobody has researched the topic of poll shifts and sun cycles as much as him. And he brought something to my attention I had never heard before. Jamie, the very first slide that you showed was of the Gothenburg excursion. So there was a partial pole flip right in the middle. See how it dates between 13,007 and 12,003 mm. So the younger dry has started 12,800 years ago. And it's right in the middle of that ballpark range. We already know. It is established signs that when geodetic pole excursions happen, it changes weather patterns on earth. On earth as well as the ocean current.


Jamie, if you wanna Google, there's a space.com article titled that in 2025 s some scientists are suggesting that the earth's ocean currents may stop. Have you heard this? No. Okay. And nowhere in the articles did they mention anything about pole excursion. So people need to understand that we're already in the middle of a, of a pole excursion, which is a partial pole flip, which means that things are shifting inside the earth. It's also known that that can cause changes in ocean current. Now most mainstream articles, let me just be fair and tell you what they'll say. They'll say that, oh no, it's related to manmade climate change. We're, we're changing the currents of the ocean. I don't believe that. But yeah, hit don't allow, don't let 'em take your data.


Look at this nowhere in this article to explain why. But here's the thing. People need to understand that the number one thing that affects weather on earth is of course the sun. The second thing is ocean currents. It's the reason why it, it's the reason why England is relatively temperate. Go back to that Jamie. It is a reason why England is relatively temperate is because the Gulf stream flows up there And it keeps it relatively warm in comparison. The way it says it here, key Atlantic current could collapse soon impacting the entire world for centuries to come. Leading climate scientists warn. So just by saying climate scientists, you are already implying at least this is the result of climate change, right?


That's what they, which, Which further fuels this agenda. That manmade climate change is the cause. Is the cause of all of our woes. Right? And it, which is a narrative that you're con consistently hearing. And again, to be real clear to, someone's gonna say something about this, this is not to dismiss pollution. This is not to dismiss our impact on the atmosphere of the earth and what we're doing with coal plants and all the bullshit that we're doing. For sure we're doing bad things, right? Also, if we weren't, we have no control over this thing, right? This thing is constantly moving and both of those things need to be looked at at the same time. The problem is this whole narrative of climate science has been adopted by these same fucking people that want Twitter pronouns.


It's the same people, it's the same sort of thing. And if you have anything to say about it, if you want to talk about a swastika being an ancient symbol, now you're a Nazi. If you, now you're a climate denier, you're a vaccine denier, you're a investor of that, you're a Holocaust denier. It's like the same kind of stupid shit. And unfortunately with this one, this one is uniquely tied to money. This one is uniquely tied to green agendas and the enormous amount of funding that is going towards these green agendas and people that are profiting off of spreading this narrative. Bing, bing, bing. These philanthropy capitalists that are making hundreds of millions of dollars promoting this idea of climate change being our primary problem.


And, and if you deny it, you're a science denni. And the reason why you shouldn't listen to these people is 'cause they're leaving out the key data involving earth's historical, earth's historical climate data. Yes. They're not including all these other details. Right. And So I think people need to look at poll shifts because it's very interesting in this alternative realm that you have people that are proponents of the, of the cosmic impact hypothesis. You have Dr. Robert Shock with the sun cycles. You have other people talking about pole shifts. I think people should consider that. All the above are correct. And let me explain why. When pole shifts happen, earth shields are diminished. We're in the middle of a pole shift right now.


The earth's shields are diminishing and it's been happening since the 18 hundreds. It's been accelerating over the last few decades. This is scientific data. The, the North Pole is shifting at like almost 40 miles a year. When it was half that just a decade ago. And when the earth shields diminish we're, we are more susceptible to cosmic impacts 'cause lesser 40 Miles a year, Google it. It This is real. Wow. It's Happening. I had no idea. I thought it was feed a year. Now the mainstream will say, don't worry, it's still another thousand years away. And I'm like, they actually can't prove that because we've never, we've never been, we haven't been alive to document a pulse shift. But what I'm trying to say is that we should consider the pulse shift thing, brother. Ask Elon Musk his thoughts on this sometime. Well, he actually just tweeted something about it recently.


What'd he say? He tweeted something about the magnetic polls. Oh my God. Yeah. He tweeted something about the, I think he actually retweeted the core of the earth. What's his face? I forget his name, but you were just shouting. Ben Davidson. Ben Davidson. I'm pretty sure he retweeted Ben Davidson. Oh, we need to find that out if that's the case. Because here's the thing, he Tweets so much, though it takes so long. I go through his tweets. I don't know. He does it too much. It's less effective. 'cause I'm like, I missed stuff and, and I follow him gr closely. Actually Jamie could find, There You go. Yep. Look at this. Oh, side solid. Sorry. Which a vast ball molten rock earth core, which generates most of our magnetic field is 85% iron and moves independently from the surface plates, which is why the magnetic pole changes position.


I love Brian Elli. If I'm saying his name right. We follow each other. He's a great guy. I think Elon Musk is giving a hint here Because you remember how the Northern lights were Visible as far south as Mexico recently in the just last few months. Yeah. It wasn from solar activity. Right, Right. But the reason why it's more Visible now is because the earth shields are diminishing. Mm. This is, I'm not making, this isn't like from Bob's website. This is, this is, this is mainstream science. Again, Ben Davidson has taught me a lot on this. And he was actually on with Alex Jones not long ago, and he really blew Alex Jones' mind. He vetted him. And so what I'm trying to say here is that like, this is not being brought into the equation of manmade climate change Right. At all. Well, they can't. 'cause of all the things we were talking about, the educators wanna be can't the only ones that distribute the information and they don't want to look at the full picture.


They only wanna look at this one thing for the greater good of all of us. It's better if you just get people to only focus on getting an electric car. Yep. Right. Which is, well, Like I've, I've never, I've always, ever since I started doing this stuff, I've had people that are like, Hey man, you fact check scientists. We want you in the climate change debate. And I've always had the opinion of like, look, I'm talking about big old rocks and moving. I zero sum, there's zero skin in the game. And if, if I'm wrong about that, nothing changes. But if I'm wrong about climate change and I get a bunch of people, I, I feel a little like, it's, It's not your area of Expertise. It's not my area of expertise and there's too much skin in the game. Right. But when I did the, the debunking of Flip Dibels, debunking of Graham, the part about the metallurgy, I spoke with an ice core specialist, and now there ain't but a handful of these dudes on the planet, literally just a handful of these.


It wasn a very important part of your debunking. Oh, Thanks. I I appreciate that. You're the guy that blew the roof on that. Yeah. You're the guy that contacted firsthand. Well, Let's just explain what you did. Well, I, I spent an hour on a Zoom chat with the dude because what Flynn had said was that there was no proof of metallurgy in the ice age. And well, of course there's no proof of it, But there, he said that we can prove definitively there was no metallurgy. And that's where it's like, well no, because they look for levels of lead and levels of lead graph you just showed with the interglacial periods. Lead follows that because when there's more dust on the ground, the reason they believe is there more dust on the ground, more gets kicked up, more ends up in the glaciers. But that's the same dirt that would be kicked up if they were digging for iron. Right. So either way, you're gonna end up with more lead in the glaciers.


So I talked to this ice core specialist for an hour on Zoom, and I'm like, man, So I fleshed this out for you. He explained to me, so he explained to me how they determine whether or not lead's from an anthropogenic origin or if it's natural. And that's based on if there's an archeological site that they can match the other isotopes to. He went through all the troubles with it. He even, even lamented having, he's got other people in his field that are hardcore anti pseudoscience because they're, You know, climate change deniers are dealing with. And so he's all, he's like, and he's like, some of these guys are just too zealous, overzealous with it. I I get where you're coming from. But then I put the video out and Flint contacts the dude and next thing You know, well, You know, I didn't exactly say it though.


He, he doesn't change what he says. He just kind of implies that I, I wasn't quite being active. He doesn't, he doesn't give a full anything. It's just, it makes it vague all of a sudden. And it quite clear he was pressured from a fucking archeologist. He's a climate, he's a climate scientist. Why do you care? Because they're all part of the same little Twitter university. Keyboard warrior, yeah. Twitter Cult members. Yeah. And that, that right there changed my attitude on Like, It changed my attitude on the whole global warming thing. I was like, that's probably accurate. And now I was like, ah, You know, I don't fucking know. I'm gonna have to dig into this some 'cause I don't trust you sons of bitches anymore. I know that if somebody pressured him from upstairs, he would've crumpled like a bag. 'cause he sure did when Flint pushed him. Hmm. So the, the issue is that it's not like there's one explanation that could conceivably have caused this massive cataclysm.


There's probably a lot of variables. Just like there's always been, I mean, we, we always like to conveniently ignore super volcanoes when one of those blows the whole, the whole world's fucked. The country's dead. Everyone's fucked. You should consider the possibility that that's related to pole shifts as well. And I could give you a point, there's one that happened, You know, I've heard you talk about before the Toba super eruption. Yeah, yeah. Did You know that happened at the same time of a, of a geomagnetic pole excursion? Oh boy. Well, it makes sense. You're having all, it does this movement, there's Movement inside the earth. A full pole shift is when they believe that the inner most, the innermost portion of the molten within the earth core shifts. A geomagnetic pole excursion is a partial pole flip, which they theorize is related to the outer portion of the mantle.


The earth's crust sits on top of molten everything. And when that shifts, it, it, it shifts our compasses. And it's not unreasonable to suggest that when something shifts inside the earth, it would affect things on the surface. I talked, I touched on this in the last time I was on, but when it comes, comes to earthquakes as an example, some originate in the crust, which is like 28 miles at its thickest, I believe, or on average. And others originate in the molten outer portion of the mantle. Well, if something shifts inside the earth, why wouldn't it cause issues on the surface, whether it be earthquakes or volcanic activity and some volcanic activity involving supervolcanoes coincides with geomagnetic pole excursions.


And so when I was on your show last time, talking about pole shifts along with the ice ages, it wasn part of the same topic. Why is it that media matters funded by George Soros decided to do a hit piece on Jimmy Corsetti, the YouTuber brother. They came after me hard on this, which I, to be honest, I relished over. I was like, this is hilarious. I'm like, Well, they don't understand that it's actually good publicity. It is. And it makes me feel Like they're not credible anymore. No. Right. And it makes me feel like I'm over the target. 'cause what's that saying about you get the most flack when you're over it? Yeah. So like, I'm Like, It makes me think that I'm onto something. Because nowhere in any of these climate change topics, the, You know, as far as like the narratives on it, do they mention anything natural involving, whether it be pole shifts?


They sure as hell don't bring up the green Sahara. They don't bring anywhere into the equation. They don't bring up the scientific fact that the Earth was warmer 4,000 years ago. There's Nobel Prize ettes that have been speaking out about this. There's two of them. Dr. Klauser, and there's another gentleman, I'm gonna draw blank in the top of my head. But like, they've shared this data. This is scientific fact. And they're getting shunned and ridiculed for It. Yeah. The problem is, there's, there's a consensus that's been politically accepted and, And it, and it's been talked about so much. It's a political talking point. And if they lose that political talking point, they lose a large percentage of their platform. Oh yeah. Right. There's so many parts of the liberal, the leftist platform that they, they need to, to have these narratives.


And one of them is climate change. And that Donald Trump is a climate change. Deni the right ring. People are climate change deniers, Ergo, science deniers, ergo racists, ergos. It's a very, it's Very, very, very, very stupid. And it's bad for all of us. 'cause I think we all need to have an understanding of how delicate are environment is and how delicate life on earth is. And that it is this constantly changing thing that has never been static. We know that. We know about the dinosaurs, we know about all these different things that we know about the ice age, but we don't truly have a comprehensive narrative that everyone accepts. It's become politicized. Yeah. And it's become politicized by the worst people because they're the cultists.


Yeah. They're the ones that made not the only ones. But You know, I, I'm a lot less political than a lot of people in this community. And I said it when, when Covid first started getting bad, and you could see it on the internet, I was real quick to say, man, we're gonna be fucking locked down for years, guys. And everybody's laughing at me, but it's like, it's a political football, neither side, neither side is going to, to drop a square. We don't live in a society of political compromise anymore. We live in a society of give 'em an inch. They take a mile. Yeah. Neither side is going to concede one fucking inch on this. And we are going to be dealing with the same argument three years from now. And lo and behold, we were dealing, and that's What's crazy about this, is that data has become politicized science and data and knowledge 80 has become politicized.


Over 80,000 papers were retracted last year. 80,000 scientific papers. Whoa. The o the va, like 60% of them were medical. The top 10 most still sided papers that have been retracted are all medical. The medical community is, is fucked right now from, from Covid d It turned in on itself And just started. And if you look at their papers and stuff, it's insane. They're, they are all at each other's throats in all kinds of different ways. Still siding, retracted papers and all kinds of goofy little shit Because it became a foot a political football. We could see it on TikTok. You watch a, you watch a nurse come out there and she's gonna be, do her little TikTok and you could just look, is that a donkey next to her name or an elephant? If it's an elephant, she's gonna tell you there's nobody in this hospital.


It's fucking empty. If it's a donkey, she can tell you about the body outside a machine outside making corpse starch out of the fucking dead people that they're, they can't bury 'em as fast as they're dying. It's, it was so openly, easily from the average joke could look right through. It could just see if this is a fucking, this is just an argument between the two parties, isn't it? And they're just transferred this to the medical Problem. Well, you remember in the beginning days of the pandemic when they were really fearmongering, when they gave a preposterous number of people that were gonna die from COVID. Yes. And what was the percentage at the high point? Was it like three point a 5% or something like that? Or was it 30%? It was something nut There's a compilation video, Jamie, see if you could find it where they're dunking on Donald Trump.


Mm. Because Donald Trump said, I've heard it's less than 1%. He was right. It's, He was totally correct. It's Quite a bit less than 1%. He was right about the UV stuff too. But Are you trying to, I I think they were trying to say that it was 34%. I think that's what they were saying. It's 3.4 or 34, I can't remember which. But they were repeating it ad nauseum on television that this was going to be the death rate of people that got covid. It's one of the things that justified the lockdowns. If it really was less than 1%, people go, so it's like, what's the flu? And then you get into the flu, you go, well, what's the percentage difference? It's like 50% difference. Okay, what are we doing? Yeah. This is a bad flu. Is that what this is? This is like a bad flu, but you can't say that. Or you're some kind of anti-science tic.


Yeah, you're a terrible person. You're killing grandmas. You Know, if you wanna mix it up, Jamie, there's a video. So last time I was on, I mentioned a clip of Donald Trump talking about it's gonna get cold again. And I, we couldn't find the clip at the time, but I have it in my folder, Jamie. It's just Donald Trump. It's in the front with all the other Folders. Well, let's One step at a time. Okay. Let's try to find that video of them all repeating the same thing over and over again. It's Brian Stelter, that little weasel on cnn, constantly repeating the fact that Donald Trump doesn't know what he's talking about. And he was right. He was absolutely correct. Donald Trump doesn't just think, say things out of his butt. Like people make him out to believe. I'm not saying he doesn't talk that way. There's a few things. Okay. Okay. Okay.


He Rans when he's very, he's a ranter. If you're a ranter, you run. It's like you're a podcaster. You, you run the race of talking out your ass every now and again. Right? No, He wasn't talking out of his butt with the UV killing off bacteria and viruses. No, no. He just said it in a way that wasn't logical. He said like, you get the light into your body. And it was like, what is he talking about? But no, they figured out how to get LED lights into lungs to kill viruses. Can You gimme a little Specific thing to look? 'cause typing in Donald Trump, covid compilation video gives me a bunch of Covid and death rate. Death rate is what's important. Death rate comp compilation versus the media. And see, 'cause the, the media was the one that were dunking on him for saying, and they were coming up with this ridiculously high rate that turned out to not be accurate at all.


Well, I think we have these, those people, those people, the, the leftists or whatever you want to call 'em, the, the flint Dibbles of the fucking world. These guys are, they, like we're talking about with climate change and everything else. They don't want to leave anything in there that could let the other side have anything. They assume that the average rank and Joe rank and file Joe public is dumb as hell. Right. They, they, I mean, one of the things I'll always say about ancient apocalypse complain about, they'll be like, well, he goes on there and he talks shit about archeologists and everybody's gonna believe everything he says because it's so well made. It's like, man, I think he didn't do that at all. And, and, and in the first season, he did talk a little shit about archeologists. But the, the, the bottom to me, what if I'm watching a anything, I don't care what it is.


If the person says, You know, the mainstream scientists disagree with me here, but here's what I have to say. All my alarm bells Gopuff. And that tells me I cannot hang my hat on what this motherfucker's saying. I gotta go Google it. Right? That's what Graham does. Over and over again. Mainstream archeologists disagree with me. So for them to say, everybody in the country's just, everybody in the world's just gonna believe this, it's say 3.4. So it's 3.4%. So this is it. So it gimme some volume here. And a lot of conversations with a lot of people that do this. I think the number is way under 1%. So To fact check the World Health Organization says the Coronavirus death rate is 3.4%. President Trump lies that the World Health Organization is wrong. The number is 3.4%. 3.4% is what it's being Reported around by boy Sanjay.


The death Rate, the percentage is 3.4%. And no hunch from the president can change that. Trump lied About the most recent World Health Organization estimate that the global death rate of coronavirus is 3.4%. Jesus, The 3.4% death rate was wrong. And WHO data later updated it to A fraction of 1%. Let's go back into history. Trump has a hunch that the death rate is lower than 1%. Way under 1%. Way under what? Well, Someone put a mozzarella stick in his stupid hole. Trump lied To viewers about the mortality rate Way under 1% false Information. She's Spreading disinformation, Misinformation and dangerous disinformation. If You're president of the United States, you have the world's greatest scientists at your disposal. You listen to them. Leading scientists, including Dr.


Fauci wrote in the New England Journal of Medicine that the death rate could be considerably less than 1%. Way Under 1%. Why are you Going national? See, this is, we we've seen enough. These people are fucking puppets, man. Yes. They're, they're they're puppets. And they willfully, gleefully repeat these narratives. Yep. And instead of saying, well, where did you get that information? Who are you talking to? Let's find out if that's correct. Why does the World Health Organization think it's 3.4%? Is there any nefarious intent behind this whole idea of it killing everybody that's forcing some enormously profitable venture, like forcing everybody to take these fucking new vaccines that you guys developed, right?


Like, is that, could that be factored in maybe? Well, no, only you only hear that it's factored in once everybody's profited and got out, including Bill Gates. Yeah. Bill Gates, who's on television telling everybody, get the vaccine, you won't get Covid. And then afterwards, that didn't work. After he had unloaded all of his stock, he Like, It wasn't effective. And it turns out Covid wasn't as bad as we thought it was. Well, you guys are really responsible for a bunch of people taking a medication. It wasn unproven. You're responsible for all the side effects. You're responsible for all these and you're responsible for fearmongering, lying, closing down businesses, ruining economies, changing the political structure of the country. I think they need to be held to account.


Have not, I'm not gonna forget this. And a lot of other people want, people's lives were destroyed. And it is, I mean, the economy, there needs to be, there needs to be a reckoning. Elon recently said that he is still, his pronouns are still prosecute fauci. I Love it. I love it. He's, He has a real, real possibility of making an impact. Oh yes, he does. You know, I mean, they, they listen to him. Yeah. When it comes to the, when it comes to the, the economic side of it, I honestly think if out of everything, if the jab notwithstanding just strictly from a top down perspective, yes, those guys. I mean, It's the most immense transfer of wealth in modern history. Fuck. Amazon, Walmart, eBay, all these motherfuckers cleaned house.


And You know what? Shut down in Spokane, we lost Wide Elephant. This guy had started in the forties after World War ii. He would buy surplus and put it in this store. He had fishing lus for 30 cents. Fucking Transformers from the eighties who I was buying in 2000, selling on eBay. Got all kinds of shit there. And he went outta business. 'cause he had to close his doors. All, everything, everything. T even restaurants in California, You can't even even go to fucking Walmart at two in the morning. Like we did. Like everything's closed now at, at, at, at a certain time compared to where it was, everything's changed. Well, That's actually important because the coronavirus doesn't stay up. It doesn't Stay up. That's right. Sleep. And it doesn't exist when you walk to your table. Well, and sit down, all The homeless people need a place to hang out. And so the Walmart parking lot at 2:00 AM that's when they show up. I meant that actually the opposite.


The coronavirus comes out at night, but it doesn't even, like, the, the whole thing was so dumb because then they allowed Black Lives Matter protests. Like what about six foot distancing? Everybody's breathing, they're screaming and, and they're all yelling down the street. And you guys think that's not gonna spread it. Right. And the brain dead stuff behind this symbolism, I talked about this a long time ago on my channel. The, the person that thought of, oh, we're gonna have this band play. Let's get them masks that have a big hole in it to show solidarity with everybody, audience that there the fucking idiot. It's Like, everybody's just gonna look at that and be like that. How about people swimming? So we Don't need masks. Oh my God. Swim with masks on. It hurts me to see those clips Now. Covid Was one of the biggest IQ tests. Oh Man. In, in modern times. I feel like.


Well, it was really a compliance test. Yeah, that's what it was. It Was a lot, a lot of Compliance and check to see how many cowards there are out there that even, even though they know something to be true, are terrified of the blow back. So they don't speak about it. And when you do speak about it, you do get attacked. You know, I obviously experienced that and I was fascinated by it. I mean, it was kind of horrifying to watch, but also fascinating. Like, oh, so this is real. Like you guys are just completely all lock in step and all full of shit brought you and you don't even care that I got better quick brought to you by Pfizer. Yeah. And you can watch how the world, you can see this from a world perspective too. Different, different communities all around the world reacted differently. Yeah. I remember lots of people, oh, why can't we do like Korea and Japan, almost everybody's wearing a mask over there and they do all this reporting and all this stuff.


It's like, yeah, you ever been there, man? You ever talked to any Koreans or Japanese people? Their fucking culture is lockstep compared to ours. They're very much, there's, there's no counterculture in those communities. The counterculture people are all in jail, so Right. You, you have one community. So yeah, they're told to do this. They fucking do it. Well Obviously The, we don't do that here. Our media is so compromised. Oh, so obviously compromised. And, You know, Callie means, has a really good point about this. He was saying that the reason why they spend so much money advertising on cable news is not because it's effective. It's because once they do that now cable news cannot criticize them. It's, it's, it's so much smarter because it's like, listen, we're spending all this money just to make sure that you guys tow the line.


That's what they're doing. And so the news is not the news. It's only the news If an advertiser agrees that it's the news. Yeah. And that's not good. No, it's really bad. That's not good for anybody left wing, right wing. If you think that somehow or another money gives a fuck about your political persuasion. It's just, it's so stupid that it got attached to a political ideology and from the most compliant of people. Those are the ones who are the most willing to go along with the narrative. Because the consequences on the left of, of coloring outside the lines, they attack you so hard. They crush you so hard. Like the smarter made situation or any, anything, anything where you're stepping outside the line to talk about it though, like what you experienced just discussing something that turns out to be absolutely correct.


They fund a big hit piece about you, which essentially acts as an advertisement for you. Right. It just builds your channel. It's The streisand Effect. Right. Then people will go to your channel and go, this guy's great. This fucking show's awesome. M Like this is interesting information. And just undeniable facts. The undeniable facts like that no one can discuss, no one can debate in any way, shape or form the actual size of these stones where they came from. Right. This is not under debate. So just the undeniable stuff is unbelievably fascinating. And then when they go to your channel, they go, where's all the Nazi shit I'm looking for? I heard this guy was a Nazi. I'm looking for some Nazi shit. I'm just getting facts. You know, we should go back to Gobekli, Tempe. Sure. Gunung Pang and the Great Pyramid.


Yeah. Because there's some more stuff involving archeology and lack of excavations that are actually pretty significant. So going back to Gobekli Tepe, one of the photos that Jamie, that you showed earlier was before excavations began. And do you notice that there was no trees there? Right? So one of the controversies is that there's some 800 trees that were planted on the site a full decade after excavations began. And the, the, the trees are buried on, or were planted on top of ancient ruins, which stand to not only destroy the ruins, but also also highlights the, that they can't excavate what's underneath them while the trees are there. And so here's the before and after. So what, what's the conventional explanation for why they planted all these trees over a site that they know is filled with ruins underneath it?


So when this property, this was a property owned by farmers and the Turkish government wanted to purchase the land for them. And the owners felt that they were being lowballed. So what they did was they planted olive trees on top of the site in order to increase the value of the land. Which for me, when I first heard this, I'm like, I don't understand. This doesn't make sense to me. Gobekli Tepi is already priceless. It's the world's oldest and most mysterious ancient site on earth. It's priceless. Now, to be fair, and Dan, you've, you've harped on this and I really agree with you. It's Government stuff. It's government stuff. If the feds are gonna buy your land for a highway, they don't care what's underneath. They don't care what it's an Indian burial ground or what. It's what's this land worth? And this city, this, this kind of property. So they made it an orchard instead of a desert.


Now here's the thing though. Mm. Of all things, they planted olive trees and there's something it wasn enacted. It's called the Olive Law in Turkey in the 1930s where it's illegal to cut down olive trees in Turkey. So I'm like, well that's interesting. And let me ask you this reals quick, hilarious. Imagine. No, just imagine being the owner of that property and you've got this, you found these ruins here. You've got all these people coming out. They're paying you money to check shit out. You're selling all kinds of stuff. And now you're, the government's gonna take it from you. You've had it for 10 fucking years. Now the government's saying it's it's theirs. They're, so you go out and you start planting trees. So when you dig a hold to plant that tree, you find an artifacts. Do you put that in the pile of artifacts to hand to Klau Schmidt? Or do you put that in the pile to sell to the antique collector? That's not gonna tell anybody.


Obviously you put in he's pissed off. I, my opinion is that guy sold a ton of fucking artifacts while it wasn going down. That he just, why wouldn't you Now, now are there artifacts connected to go back type? Yeah. They, they find stuff Like what kind of stuff? They Like a little, no pottery or anything. But they have found, like one of the biggest things is a bunch of chunks of stone. Like to archeologists even they call a microchip, which would be like a tiny little piece you get from, that's still technically an artifact. So there's a lot of that kind of stuff. There are a lot of bones that have been charred and things like that. But there's nothing too terribly amazing. No tools. Well, nothing too crazy. But again, that's the kind of stuff that would possibly, You know, I'm a lot this where my skepticism can get a little cynical.


You know, I, I'm of the opinion, if the anti Kro mechanism would've been identified as what it is, when they pulled it outta the ocean, it would've never made it to a museum. That there was somebody, I, I was like telling Jim last night we were having dinner. If, if the reports of giant bones that you see in the 1930s from guys that were over in New Mexico and they're bringing them back to the Smithsonian, they just never made it there. Eh, if they really did find giant bones, which I'm skeptical of, but if they did, eh, this is probably an advertisement to sell 'em while they're traveling these things across the country. Oh. You know, just happened to lose them along the way. 'cause this dude came over and bought 'em. That's, this has been a problem since day one. And Especially when you think about those kind of like One offs, crazy Old school Rockefeller type billionaires.


Yes. Yeah. Who really love to control information and everything. Oh yeah. You know, if you have access to something that's just undeniably throws the whole timeline into a question or throws a narrative of human beings. No question. Now you got some power with that little artifact, don't you? So that's, yeah. You see that's, that's, I'm, I'm of the opinion that that's been a problem. Like, I don't believe in the dra light. I assume You know what the DRA light is, Right? Well it's, well you glossed over the anti thera, oh, How do you say it? The Antikythera mechanism. Antikythera. That one is fast. It's Crazy, ain't it? Because that is, How old is it? It's like Th 2000 years old, 3000 years old, 2000 years old. It's a hand carved brass machine that you use to, it, it, it, it tracks the cycles of the moon, the earth and different planets in our solar system.


It's brilliant. Yeah. And they didn't know what it was and they found it. It was just like some corroded up gears. And then they start doing some sort of a, I mean, I don't even know how they did it, how they understand all the different pieces of it. 'cause it's all corroded together. But they use some sort of scanning mechanism Correct. To and see if you can find what it actually looks like. Yeah. You can buy replicas of it. Nowadays they make little boxes of the damn thing. That's what it looked like when they found it. Yeah. But now show what it Looks like when they've done a scan of it. I just Stumbled across something interesting too. And the guy found it. He heap of dead naked people Whoa Woo Whoa.


Emerged from the sea shaking in fear and mumbling about a heap of dead naked people. He is among a group of Greek divers from the eastern Mediterranean island of Simi who were searching for natural sponges. They had sheltered from a violent storm near the tiny island of, how do you say it again? Anti kra, anti kra, anti kra between Crete and mainland Greece. When the storm was subsided, the dive for sponges chance upon a shipwreck full of Greek treasures, the most significant wreck of the ancient world to have been found up to that point. The dead naked people were marble sculptures scattered on the sea floor along with many other artifacts. Soon after the discovery prompted the first major underwater archeological dig in history. So see if you can find what this mechanism looks like, what it actually looks like.


There's, there's a replica. Yeah. So this is the replica of this thing, this incredible piece of engineering from 2000 years ago where all these gears and all these planets and you, you could figure out where everything was. How, how, how'd they do this? How'd they do this? And this is beyond what we ever thought was available back Then. No. There is a YouTube channel that a guy goes through, I forget his name, but he does go through and he, he makes one of these with old school tools, but he's making each gear by hand. He's making the wire by hand and Stuff. Boy, that guy's a dork. He's a dork. Yes. The greatest possible. Bring him on the show. Greatest possible version of a dork.


I mean, in a good way, sir. But it is fun to watch. But It's incredible though. But, but at the end of the day, it's the, that's, that's interesting to be able to, to recreate it. But the planning of the thing that's really Where the, the engineer and the mathematics, and then you have to take into consideration what is this based on what knowledge was available back then that we did not think was, so we're talking about 2000 years ago, this is the time of Christ. We did not think that they had any kind of machines that were in any way similar to that thing. What else don't we know? Right. And what else is lost? Or how much of that stuff is gone? Like if this is 2000 years ago and it's that corroded, what does 10,000 years do to it? Right. Oh, it be, Oh, it'd be completely Gone.


Dust at the bottom. Right. And The fact they even found it at the bottom of the ocean is a miracle in itself. Yeah. This is what's important to understand. And this is another lie that Flint Dibble told about the number of shipwrecks that have been fined. And not only that, but what would be left over after just a few thousand years. And that when they find these 1000 year old shipwrecks, they don't find any wood anymore. Oh. You just find the pottery. So you just know where the shipwreck is because there's a bunch of gold on the ground and some pots. But if you go back 10,000 years before that, how much has the surface of the floor of the ocean shifted? How much of that stuff has been covered up? How much is it? 10,000 years is so long.


Now what if it's 20,000? What if it's 30,000? Yeah. To say we don't know is the correct thing's. It's the correct thing to do. That's right. And that's what nobody wants to do. There's a, there's a hypothesis. It's more of a, it's more of a, like a mental, I forget the name of what you call it, like a, a mind teaser, like a way to make your brain think. It's called the solarian hypothesis. The solarian are a doctor who monster that supposedly lived on earth like millions of years before. Humans wake up one day and they find all these monkeys running around. They decide they don't like us. But the hypothesis is, how would you determine if there was a species where it advanced civilization that lived on the earth a million years ago, 5 million years ago. As soon as we have fossil fuels, it wasn as, as long as we had the first bit of oil had been created on the planet, you could have a civilization like ours.


So what would you look for? The only conclusion is maybe nuclear stuff. If they tested like maybe nuclear power plant, we might still be able to find some radioactive material. But beyond that, not a goddamn thing. After 10 million years, You ain gonna find a fucking bit of it. And that's what their conclusion is. And, and this is a scientific thing. This is something that's a thought tool. That's what it's called. It's something that they use in science, in archeology and history and stuff, presumably to, to, to look at that problem. But these guys like Flint obviously didn't do that. Like I said, he thinks people are stupid. He said right here on in sitting in this room that, oh, well, You know, it doesn't matter how long something's underwater, you might think that it matters how long something's underwater, but it really does. It's like, are you fucking kidding me?


Of course it does. Fuck anybody knows that this is, this is basic stuff. Of course it does. Just in terms of whether or not you're gonna find it. Right. They, they haven't done like a comprehensive lidar scan of the bottom of the ocean floor. No, of course not. They have not done that. That's not possible right now. But if they did do it, who fucking knows what they'd find down there? Well, here's where things get nuts is that here we are talking about things as far as tens of thousands of years. So we do have a site that Graham Hancock highlighted in season one of ancient apocalypse called Gunung Penang in Indonesia. And Jamie, I have a folder on this. So this pyramidal structure could potentially be 27,000 years old. It's hotly debated. But as Graham Hancock highlighted, there is a subterranean tunnel in chamber which may have those, those dates.


And it's not being excavated. And a geologist, Danny Nana, you never pronounce it correctly, forgive me Danny. But he is a geologist that analyzed the ground penetrating radar. And he said there's strong likelihood that it's manmade. Now the, the skeptics, the academics will say, well, it's probably just a lava tube because the structure is volcanic in nature. But something interesting has happened that back in 2014, the Indonesian government said that they were willing to allocate unlimited resources and funding to excavate the site. Something shifted a handful of years ago where they're not excavating it now. And as of today, there's no plan in place to find out what that subterranean chamber is.


So if it was indeed manmade, we don't know. It could be natural, it could be manmade, but we're never gonna know what it is until we go digging. And right now, well, what You know for sure is that people occupied the land above it after that. Yeah, A hundred percent. Yeah, that a hundred percent. That is a manmade structure. It was, it was volcanic in nature. But they terra it, it it's, it's a pyramidal like structure. It's not a pyramid. And we do have examples over and over again of truly ancient things, unexplainable things where people built more crude versions above it All over the World. All over the world. The LA tube, the lava tubes. There's all kinds of places in South America where they have a big pyramid built on top of a spring. The lava tube could have been a cave.


It wasn sacred that they just kept embellishing and kept embellishing and kept embellishing saying it's just a lava tube, not a manmade tunnel down there as a non-sequitur. Anybody who knows anything about ancient history could understand how a sacred site could have a, a pyramid built on top Of it. Let's take a bathroom break. Absolutely. Yes. Come back. Awesome. Okay. So where were we? We were, Well we're About The lack of excavations at Gunung Penang. Yeah. And this should segue into something that's very, very interesting, which is the great pyramid of Giza. I've already said that Gobekli Tepe is arguably not just the oldest, but the most mysterious ancient sight on earth. 'cause it's not supposed to exist. However, the great pyramid of Giza, I would say probably trumps it from the standpoint that it's just so mysterious.


It's sophistication as well as the fact that we have no idea how it was constructed. And it's arguably the most debated structure in all of human history for two standpoints. One of which is that so many people debate on whether it was built to be a tomb for the Pharaohs, or whether it was some sort of lost technology and had some other purpose, whether it's energy or whatever it may have been. Like Christopher Dunn stuff, which is a fascinating topic. And I'll have a story involving the visiting it there with a certain person. That really is, it's a story in itself. But let me say this. So there, back in eight years ago, back in 2016, through Mo Muon technology, they discovered that there's a hidden chamber in the great pyramid, which is massive.


Jamie, I have a folder on this great pyramid, hidden void. And it was established in 2017 through a scientific study. So we're talking seven discovered eight years ago, corroborated, or eight years ago, corroborated seven years ago in a study. No, Egyptologist just debates it at all. Is that a, a rough interpretation of this shape? Yes. They don't know the exact shape of it. They, they have an approximate size and an approximate shape. So what now many theorize that It is a second so-called Grand Gallery. It was originally thought to be 30 meters long. Now they have it at over 40 meters long. So almost 150 feet. And it is above the so-called Grand Gallery. And so when they first discovered it, Zhi was, came outta the woodwork and like denounced it and said this is nothing, You know, You know, and they said they were gonna spend a few years debating with the international community on how to go about it, brother.


That's it. It wasn seven, eight years ago, almost rounding up to a decade. And as of today, there is no plan of any kind to go in and find out what's in there. So They would have to go through the walls to get to it. No, actually, brother, they could just drill a one a half inch diameter hole, set a little tube camera through it and they could figure out what's in there by the end of the week. Get an endoscope right there. Just like when you go to the doctor. And here's what's so important about this, like we're talking about the most debated and arguably the most important structure in all of human history. Was it a tomb? Was it a lost technology? We have no idea how they even built it. That's the only thing that's more debated than that is how did the Egyptians construct the pyramid? So many theories have already been debunked on it.


We just don't know how they did it. 2 million, 300,000 stones that were supposedly all put in place within 20 years. Right, Right. Which is the re of the Fu the 20 years part. I, I've referred to that as like the gateway drug to becoming a pyramid media. It's, that's, that is that 20 years thing, the stupidest fucking thing. If any guy who's ever like stacked bricks for five minutes knows that is absurd. But they just run with that because You know, you can't, that's one of the weird things. The written record is more robust to them than the actual like science, like the carbon dating for the pyramid in the written record or a couple hundred years off all the entire fourth dynasty, the carbon dating's a couple hundred years off. They just come up with some explanation for it and stick to that written record.


Well my favorite is when they look at the hieroglyphs that depict pharaohs from 30,000 years ago, and they're like, oh, that's all bullshit. Yeah. But the one that a little further down, this is, this is important shit here. Yeah. But up there, Well why do you think that the 30,000 year mark is bullshit? But the 5,000 year mark is legit. Like, that is really weird guys. It is like, why are you conveniently ignoring all this other stuff while validating the more recent stuff? Because it contradicts the textbooks the already wrote that contradicts The educators That that dynamic, sorry, really quick. That dynamic. You mentioned Christopher Dunn when he saw one of my recent videos about two months ago. Me and him are gonna start, he's gonna come on my channel and each artifact that he's covered, we're gonna discuss one at a time.


He knows I don't believe in ancient high technology. And he told me, basically to summarize what he said is that he is tired of having either yes men or cynics. He wants somebody that doesn't agree with him to sit down and have a conversation about these things. And that'll be honest. And we can actually get somewhere. And it was Like, It was like the guy had been waiting 40 years for me and I got a fucking GED and I worked as an electrician. Man, I don't fuck, I should not be the one sitting in the chair next to the man. Right. But all the, all the people qualified to do it wanna treat him like he's an idiot. Right. And his theory is very fascinating. Always. It was some sort of a power plant generated hydrogen and it's feasible. It's, it's wild. And I gotta tell you, you, You know, when you walk through the great pyramid, there's nothing about it there resembles anything like a tomb.


It seems Like It was some sort of industrial function that had a, or a function of some kind. So here's a story and I have his permission to share it. So I had the, You know, the only thing more wild than, than the topic of the mysteries of lost ancient civilizations is the diverse nature of people that are into this topic. So I had the pleasure of connecting with George St. Pierre, the goat, the great legendary UFC fighter. And because of him is how I, I went with him to ball back. He had unique connections and I was able to go with him and we had connected. And then I went with him from there to Egypt. And we went inside the great pyramid as his first time in there. And we basically tipped the, we tipped the guard, I'll just say it.


And we had the king's chamber alone to ourselves for a few minutes. And we were with Yusef Ian, who's the son of lead Akeem, Abdullah Ian, who was the mentor of John Anthony West. Mm. And he was in the Pyramid Code. And so George Laden the Sarco, the so-called sarcophagus, and Yusuf did the ohm, I can't do it, but you do it with your throat and he does it inside the box And it makes the whole granite box vibrate I've experienced. It's wild. It feels, it's the reverberation off the off the stone. So he did that to George. George laid in it, and he did it for about a minute. And this is, so George comes outta the box, his eyes were wide open and he said, You know, there he is.


He said, I'm coming out of retirement, I'm gonna win the title. And he just started pacing around the room. So fast forward three, four hours later, I'm in the hotel pool with him. What year was this? Just last year. September of 2023. And just to clarify, at that time he was considering doing a grappling match. That's not what he was talking about. He was talking about winning the UFC world title again. So fast forward a few hours later, I'm at the hotel, the MENA House, Marriott Hotel pool with the pyramids overlooking us. And I'm like, Hey George, you said you're a thing about coming outta retirement. And he is like, I'm gonna, I love his accent.


No, Jimmy, I'm not coming out through retirement. And I said, well, what made you say that? And he's like, and he thought about it. He's like, it's just how I felt. So just to clarify, arguably the goat, although him and John Jones, I, You know, they're, they're comparable, just different. But the goat and his first inclination out of coming out of the box with his why his eyes wide open was like, I'm coming out of retirement, I'm gonna win the title. And I asked him and he's like, no, I'm not gonna do it. It's just how I felt in the moment. And I'm like, when people talk about it in the context of it being some sort of energy device, some people have speculated that with all these legends of humans living to hundreds and even thousands of years, some people have proposed that maybe it was a DNA restoration.


I have no idea what it was. I just don't think it was a tomb. I think it was something else. I think it was a functional structure of some kind. But the fact that someone like him with his history in his accomplishments, the fact that it wasn, the first thing that he felt coming outta that box after doing the reverberation thing is a story. Like, I don't know what to make Of it. I don't, I think that's normal. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I think a guy like that has always got it in the back of his head. That's a good point. Yeah. I mean that's the highlights of his life. When he was conquering everyone in the welterweight division, he was the greatest fighter on the planet earth. It's the highlight of his life. So anytime he gets an elevated feeling, mm.


I'm sure that's one of the reasons why like a lot of old fighters, they drink a lot or they do drugs. Right. I think they're trying to, they, they experience highs that most people could never imagine. Right. And I think whenever they experience a new high, some new thing they get in their head, I'm making a fucking comeback. And they want, they want to chase that dragon. Right. They get in the ring with Jake Paul. Sorry, I think That Probably had more to do with money. Yeah. But it's just this thing that just is in every one of those people. Yeah, that makes sense. Although the fact that he's laying inside the great pyramid, and you would almost think that'd be the furthest thing from his mind at the Time. No, it's an elevated experience. That's it. Right. So it's an elevated experience.


It makes him very excited. And when a guy like that, it's very excited. He thinks about the most exciting thing he's ever done. He is like, I'm gonna fucking go do it again. We Gotta get you in that box. We gotta get you in the great pyramid. I'd like to go in the box. I'd like to go there. I really would. It's just a matter of carving out the time. Right. And I really have to do it bef especially, let's see what happens with the world. Right. But I mean, the world just keeps getting sketchier and sketchier in certain parts of the world. Right. You know? Sadly. Yeah, sadly. But it would be nice to be able to visit going back To the point of the, this hidden chamber. Yeah. Like what is, so Why would you not want to explore that? It seems Like It makes no feasible sense. Like let's just say that, well first of all, whether it was a tomb or something else, we could find out by going in there, maybe there's another pH maybe there's a pharaoh in there.


Maybe we'd instantly know that okay, all this conjecture and debate is, is now been put aside. We know that Sarcophagus, there Could be treasure There before they stash the dude for real. And here's something else. Right. A lot of conjecture as far as a lost technology. Could there be some sort of evidence of a tooling on how they constructed it? Could there be evidence on how it was constructed itself? Even if it's a completely empty room and nothing else, we still would've learned something new. Right. In fact, and I'm, I've joked to other people that like, hey, they could turn this into a pay-per-view event. I bet you a hundred million people around the world. I guess I was just thinking that. Yeah, yeah, I Know. But even if there's nothing in it, even if there's nothing in it, it's still a win because we will learn something new. Yeah, yeah. And it is, of course the, the, the academics will say, well, we don't wanna damage the pyramid anymore.


I'm like, okay, I respect that. But the thing is already a wreck, they use tons of dynamite to blast their way in it. The casing stones are all blown off. They drill Holes in it on the regular to check things. It's not, I don't under So between Gobekli Tepi not being fully excavated, Gunung Pang as well as the great pyramid, arguably the three oldest and most mysterious ancient sites on earth for some reason are not being appropriately excavated. Isn't there a chamber underneath the hinx as well? They, there's Arguably, yeah, there's, there's something there, but they're not, it's, it's smaller. Smaller. And, and Zhi was stuck his nose down in the tiny little chamber that's down there. They say that there's supposed to be something more there, but like that's dicey as far as what they know for sure.


They have never released any photos or video or of any kind underneath this thing. So it's like, okay, just stick a camera in there with a flashlight and show us that there's nothing in there. Like there, or just Show, show us what is in, in there. It's show us the walls. They say, they say there's nothing in there. I'm like, okay, well show me, show me what nothing looks like. Yeah. Right, right. So like I'm, I'm, I'm just, look, I'm an outsider in this and I, I have an inquisitive Mindset, but you're not, you're not, you're a human being on planet earth and you're a part of history. And You know what, every single person alive has an inherent right to know the true history of our origins. And I don't care what country you're born in 'cause people have come after me like you. It is none of your business what's happening at Quebec Li Tempe. You're not a Turkish citizen. And I say, excuse me, It is a, they elected for it to become a World Heritage site.


So they have thrown that out the window. It is everyone's, it's Everyone's business. It surely Is. That's a silly Yeah, that's a silly Argument. It's a silly argument. It doesn't make any sense. It's the history. You Don't have any place to weigh in on Nazi Germany Because you don't live in Germany the fuck off. It's, It's the people of Earth. It's like we, we have a very fractured understanding of the history of the people on earth. Beckley Tepi is an excellent piece of evidence that points to that. We don't really understand why they did it or who did it. And there's probably more of those things out there that we missed. The Sahara deserts, the greatest example, right. If they did some sort of very comprehensive examination of the Sahara Desert, like say if technology advances to the point where they can do like some really comprehensive, like underground scanning of that entire part of the continent, who fucking knows Man.


Yeah. Only 5% of the Sahara has been studied as far as like, like with say with the use of lidar technology. Right. They're using it from space and they keep finding new structures that are prehistoric. They don't know who made 'em or when and throughout the city they Use it from space. Yeah. It called, they use lidar From space. It's called archeology from space and they use satellites. So this is what's interesting is that they can use satellites with lidar that can penetrate, like, I might be butchering this, but I wanna say 10 meters. I could be off on that. But it's, it's a substantial amount of depth from a satellite penetrating through dirt. I'm like, who would've thought that could even exist? Right. It's Pretty amazing. It is. That's, we have good evidence that they didn't have that. No, they probably, The satellite, I mean, I guess their orbit would decay probably.


Yeah. Yeah. Fly back into, Yeah. Because ours do, You Know, there's some, a couple things about Ong Pang worth mentioning. The pre, when they were excavating like mad, the president was of the opinion, the same opinion that Dr. Danny Nati Waah Is that the, that like, he nadi, Nadi Waah wrote a book, even like Plato was Right. And it, like, Atlantis is in Indonesia. So the president of the of Java back then believed that it wasn the case. And he had, so he was throwing money at it when he lost his bid to be reelected and somebody else took over. He was the one that shut everything down. He's in more lockstep with the archeologists and stuff, the mainstream guys. So that's one of the reasons it was a changing of the guard is why all of it just stopped.


So one guy was into it and the next guy aimed, well, Let me, okay, here we go. You just opened up the window. Yep. There it is. Here we go, Jimmy, with it. So the WF conspiracy, it is nothing more than a conspiracy theory. I am not at all convinced that there's something here with them trying to suppress ancient history. Let me be clear. But there is a correlation between what's going on at Quebec Tepe and Ang Panang that the min, so this is a government position, the Minister of technology, education, research and technology, something along those lines in Indonesia. This gentleman came into power, I believe in 2018. His name's Nakim or something. Naam. I have a slide of him in my Ang Pang thing.


He's a global shaper within the World Economic Forum. And he's the head decision maker of excavations that would or would not happen. This gentleman at Gunung Penang. Now, let me be clear. I'm not saying he's suppressing it all. I, and I'm not saying that the WF is trying to suppress her ancient history. All I'm sharing here is that it just so happens that the gentleman that's in charge of decision making, let me be clear, I said it earlier. They went from saying that there will be unlimited resources and funding to excavate Gunung Penang. It stopped. And as of right now, there's no plan in place to do it. And I'm just sharing that the person who would make that decision, or has the power to do so, happens to be a global shaper. And Klaus Schwab, the former pre head of the, of the World Economic Forum, I have a video of him gloating about how they've infiltrated government cabinets, the media all over the world and have, are enacting their initiatives with our young Global Leaders.


Yes. So they, the infiltrated the cabinets is very good. You're need see buds. He Does, did you see the photo of him in the bathroom? No. I Would love to you see No, Please show us. We have a photo of him in our bathroom here with the fucking crazy Darth Vader outfit on it. Oh Yeah. Yeah. It wasn, it wasn bizarre. It wasn the wackiest fucking outfit ever. If you're, You know, it's so on the nose. I know. If you're a evil super villain, He looks like a bond vi a VA bond James Bond villain. Yeah. More, more crazy than that. Like more crazy than a bond. See if you can find that photo. Yeah. More crazy than a bond villain. Like a Star Wars villain. Yeah. Like some, He's a STH lord or Something. You don have to be a crazy person to put that fucking thing on and go out in public. Unless it's a Halloween costume. Yeah. Like it's a bizarre outfit for you to wear.


And if everyone's worried about these secret societies and people that are in control and pulling the strings of the world, what, what are they worried about? They're worried about fucking crackpots that dress like this. Yeah. That's what they're worried about. Eyes wide shut parties, like that kind of shit. You get that photo? Oh man, What up? It's fucking crazy photo. Oh, Sorry. That photo right there. That's the one we have in the Jesus Christ. Yeah. In front of the podium at the World Economic Forum. Wow. Like, what is that fucking photo? What is that outfit you're wearing, sir Truck That looks like something from some like 1970s dystopian film. Yeah, that's, That's that's, yeah. 100%. Like Metropolis or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Death race. 2000. The original one. Like What the fuck is that? That's so, that outfit's so crazy.


Wow. Imagine someone, I think it was Having to do with the event they were at though. Oh, they all wore it. He got an honorary doctorate. This was at a, a university somewhere in Europe. It's fucking crazy that that's what you wear there. Anyway. That too. What are you doing? You're dressing like a druid. Well, They even got a magic card of him. Look at that. It's so weird. So Again, going back another Outfit. Look at that fucking outfit. That's how AI generated. Okay. Okay. So when I look at Quebec Tepe involving my little WF conspiracy idea, It is a bit bizarre that that partnership with the dozers group was literally announced at the annual World Economic Forum meeting in Davos. And I also should share this, that I may have been banned from Turkey.


So this is, this is hilarious. So after my video came out, what's name, what's his name? Dr. Kul. So the head of archeology in Turkey took great issue with my conspiracy theories on it and has, he was quoted an article saying that I should be sanctioned. And then he followed up with like, I will be sanctioned. And I'm like, well, How are you gonna keep me outta go Beckley tepi? Have I been banned from Turkey? Because American citizens don't need a visa to go into Turkey unless they're gonna be there more than 90 days. So there's, if I could, I could apply ahead of time. Like in Egypt, you can apply for your tourism visa ahead of time. And I know if I was rejected, He, That's what he said is that I'll be sanctioned.


He was referring to me and I'm like, okay, What does that mean? Well, it means travel bans. Yeah. It means You're not gonna let 'em in the country. It means I go to the airport to get rejected to customs potentially. And that is possibly what would happen. He said it will happen. I don't know that it's happened. Well, that you, flights of Turkey are actually a little bit pricey. And I'm like, well damn it. I'm like, if I'm gonna land there and get turned around, that Would suck. Well, you might be able to make a nice video about it. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Oh yeah. That would be actually, yeah. Right. That that's a video. Sure. I mean, I mean, kind of like helps you. Right. I'm over the target with Quebec Lee Tempe. Right. Or at least you are making them uncomfortable. Yeah. Right. You're forcing them to consider why they have chosen this. If it's just for economic reasons, which does make sense.


If so many people are already going there, why should we spend more money? I get that. Well, And it makes sense. And it's the most likely explanation. It's probably true, but it's stupid. But that means that then this is an issue of either mismanagement or incompetence because they, there's, it is inexcusable that, 'cause as of right now, their plan is that it will not be folic, fully excavated Finish Talking. It will not be fully excavated in any of our lifetimes. And there could potentially be answers involving our ancient past at Gobekli Tepe. And it is entirely inexcusable that we wouldn't dig it up. And I don't actually think it'll take away from tourism by removing the mystery. No. People are half a million people a year are visiting it just because, and if they dig it up, more of it.


I, in my opinion, that's more reason to go there. Right. Well, what did you just show, Jamie? I went to the article about the funding at Ang. Yes, it does say that thing about unlimited funding, but things, it might have been also misinterpreted by translation because it's coming from the Jakarta post. It talks about how the soldiers were using hose to excavate. They didn't like that. It mentions the first disbursement of 250 grand was put out. Is This from 2014? This article? It's The same article. 'cause it shows the thing that says unlimited amount of research funding, but it says it was taken from other funding. And then it says that there's a lack of funding right below it.


Archeologists at other sites be mow a lack Of funding. Let me just say this, my ass, all they gotta do is drill a hole and stick a camera through it into the tube to figure out if it's a lava tube or something manmade. This is not expensive. It could get done for thousands of dollars, not millions of dollars. And if It is a 27,000 year old pyramidal structure, as Graham Hancock has proposed the data, look, the data is not proven. It's hotly debated. But let me just make this crystal clear. We don't know what it is. It could potentially be the oldest ancient ruin in hi on Earth. And we'll, we're never going to know the answer until we go looking. Yep. And it is entirely unacceptable that we're not doing it. Well, there's what is happening?


There's a, there's a thing to, to get like less conspiratorial, but support it from a very real position. There's a thing with science, with their paradigms. They've looked at it from a very long time with the, the origins of earth sciences and history. It was, they were expected to bear out the Bible, prove the Bible right. Then evolution, and then Darwin. And then, then it was gradualism prove the Bible wrong. There is no major global flood and gradualism. They assumed that everything happened slowly. That it's all, there's nothing catastrophic in the record. And that lasted from the late 17 hundreds, all the, or 18 hundreds, excuse me, all the fucking way up until 1980 when the kt dinosaur killing media was accepted.


Before that there was no such thing as punctuated equilibrium, which is what they call it now. Where, which any kid could figure out is the way the fucking world works. The, the slow erosion happens on the side of the bank, but sometimes there's a big flood that carves a big chunk of the, I mean, this is no brainer shit. And the life moves at a steady pace normally. And then every now and again, something catastrophic happens. So my point is, is that if they think that digging something up is going to change a paradigm that they're expected to maintain, they're not gonna fucking dig it up. This the kind of of opposition that they face to overturning paradigms. Like the Clovis first thing, like when Flint was on here and he tried to play that one down. Not only were careers ruined from that, but one thing you'll almost never hear mentioned was Clovis first was version two of this.


Before that it was the folsome point. And Folsom first and many careers were ruined by people deposited that the Americans were people before the Folsom culture. Then they found the clo. This is, this isn't some that, it's not some novel time of, of well, You know, there was a scientific debate and a few No, no, no. This is standard operating procedure the way it's always fucking been done. So it's not a surprising thing that they're gonna try to hide stuff. It's not a surprising thing. It's just human ego. Yeah. And, and control. It's humans always want to be the experts and they always want to be the one in control of the information. If the information that's new that's coming out counters their control and their expertise, they, they reject it. And it's just ego. That's, it's just ego.


It's just kind of messed up because of, I mean, I know scientists are people, but it Should all be what we know now. This is what we know now. And when new information comes along, okay, now we're thinking about it in a different way. But the problem is they've published books. Yeah. And these books, they've definitively given dates. We now know we, we are sure that this What are your thoughts on the dating of the pyramids and how do they date the pyramids? They date the pyramids based on whatever carbon that they could find in between the stones. Obviously you can't carbon date stones themselves. Right. So you have to use some sort of organic material that's around that. The best dating is that The great pyramid is somewhere around 4,500 years ago, it wasn from organic material taken between casing stones.


You could argue that the casing stones were restored because they, even the Romans restored parts of the sphinx. Right. I don't know how old the great Pyramid is, but if it was constructed 4,500 years ago, then our understanding of what was happening on the Giza Plateau at that time is vastly different than the people that were, if you look at any academic textbook, they show people wearing loincloths and barefoot constructing the pyramid. And nah, that's, nah. Well, even hieroglyphs that depict moving statues. Right. It's a bunch of guys sandals pulling a sled. So that depiction, which should be in my rames folder, Jamie, that one statue was only 58 metric tons.


Only Compared to, compared to the other big boys. I know. It's So, it's So crazy. This Is what they say. They say, well, they pulled it on a sledge, which is like a s a wooden sled. And I'm like, the rames statue is 15 times heavier than that other one. Yeah. This is what they always show. They always show these naked dudes. Yeah. Look at 'em. Bare ass. He ho e why they all naked? So just to be Clear naked. I know. Because they wanna show them that they're dumb and primitive and it wasn. Meanwhile, the dude with the whip, he's got some clothes on. Look at that. That guy's got clothes on. But that's kind of been debunked. Right. Because one of the things they found is that when they studied the remains that were in the enclosures where the people that worked in the pyramid lived, they're not slaves.


No. They were Fed Well, yeah. They were, they were fed Well, And it seems like they were highly skilled. They had, Clearly they had to have been, I mean, I've tried to, to sus to me, what's the most impressive thing about it is the accuracy of the pyramid to itself. It's like a perfect square with like two inches of deviation at 756 feet per side. That's like tiny fraction of a percentage off, You know, like machine age standards on a fucking gigantic fucking scale. Right. The only thing I could come up with was, and I, I have to test it, but like, if you had a, a concave mirror, it creates a little circle of light like a magnifying glass does that will start a fire at a certain distance. It's gonna be the same size no matter what. So you could calibrate that and if you have to have everything exactingly set up, but if you shot at a target and filled up a perfect circle, you could know it was exact range.


That kind of thing would work. Because you can't measure this with ropes. You can't measure the, I mean, ropes sag and they're affected by humidity and stuff. And again, it's two inches, it's 756 feet. That's not, that's not, you're not Is This, this taking into account the casings that were removed? Oh no, it's not. This is the, just the base perimeter of the pyramid. Right. That's the, there's an outline around the pyramid where it was kind of scratched into the ground for where they would, they think that they used water and stuff to, to do leveling. And they generally measure around that to to, to my understanding. And any deviation, even in millimeters with each rock, as you get up to 2 million, 300,000 stones to build the peak of the pyramid, any deviation on either side would fuck the whole thing up.


Yeah. Oh Man. It is. Which is virtually perfect. Not per quite perfect, but it's, it is virtually Perfect. Well, it's made by humans allegedly, or Anki Anki. Do you, You know, the Anki one is the most fun because I love those stories. I love sitchin stuff. It's just 'cause it's the, the funnest possibility is that human beings were genetically engineered by a superior race that came here to mine gold. It's, it's, I was telling Jim actually last night that archeologists frequently refer to the Clovis hypothesis as elegant. And I often tell him that this is actually Chris Hitchin's stuff is even more elegant. It explains why we want gold and silver. I mean, come on. Yeah. That's all around the entire world. The gold one's the weird one Because you can't make any tools out of it.


You can't make weapons out of it. And yet it was the most prized metal. And It works really good for me when you get to a higher level of tech all of a sudden. Yeah. It's pretty useful, isn't it? It's very useful. And then there's also the idea of suspending particles in the atmosphere like Chris talks About. Yeah. Right. Which is what Bill Gates wants to do today. That fucking kook. Hey, fuck face. There's a lot of people living here. You don't get to choose what, what the, when the shades get put on the earth. 'cause you have this goofy climate change narrative. I don't believe you. Right. I don't like that you're even talking about doing this. How about a global vote as whether or not this one asshole created windows 95 gets to do this. He Didn't create anything. He bought the patent off that IBM guy. I love putting that on blast.


'cause it's like, I think he has, I think he suffers from an inferiority complex. I think that he's jealous of Elon Musk and others. I think he, his time In the line, well famously is shorted Tesla. Yeah. And he makes him look like a massive douche. I think that he is. Look, he was once the king, the richest man on earth, and now he's not. And I think that that's all he wants. I think Again, power, human power and ego and especially people that have enormous resources and control over things, they don't want to relinquish that grip. Yep. Well, yeah. It's like, bro, he should be living in an all inclusive riding jet skis. You made it brother. You're, you're, he Should like Jeff Bezos, right? Yeah. It Wasn Hot girlfriend. Let's go. Yeah. At Least be Happy. That's what I want outta my billionaires.


I want Jeff Bezos. So people criticize him. I'm like, what are you talking about? He's living the dream. All of a sudden he's jacked with this super hot, hot girlfriend. He's got a giant yacht. Fuck yeah. Flying In the space with fucking Captain Kurt. Come on. Big old Dick Rocket. I can't figure out why he runs the Washington Post, because he owns the Washington Post. Well, he's changed the shit out of it. Has he? Yeah. There's a big, big to-do about it because he released this article that we have to, or release a story rather. He, he wrote a piece essentially saying that you have to take divergent viewpoints. You have to take a bunch of different perspectives. We can't just be this left wing echo chamber. And it's the reason why the business is faltering. I mean all of these, I was just reading something about CNN's ratings and MSNBC's ratings post-election.


They've crashed. All these left-wing kooks on YouTube are hemorrhaging subscribers where people go, you guys are out of touch. You're not accurate, you're delusional. And people are speaking with their subscriptions and they're speaking with their purchasing of the Washington Post and they're purchasing the New York Times. The New York Times just debunked in the most insane way. Debunked RFK Junior's assertion that the ingredients in fruit loops are different in Canada than they are in United States. They fact checked it while saying he was accurate. So their fact check, it's so dumb when you see the fact I tweeted it.


I know the FactCheck is so dumb because the fact check says it's not correct. They have the same ingredients except for these harmful chemicals. What the fucker Look at this. Mr. Kennedy has singled out Fruit loops as an example of a product with too many artificial ingredients questioning why the Canadian version has fewer than the US version. But he was wrong. The ingredient list is roughly the same. Although Canada's has natural colorings made from blueberries and carrots while the US product contains red dye 40, yellow five and blue one, as well as Butylated hydroxy two lean, or BHTA lab made chemical that is used for freshness according to the ingredient label.


That is the fucking dangerous chemicals that are banned in Canada that we're trying to get rid of in America. And that RFK, that's, so they're literally saying he was wrong, but he was Right. Yeah. That made, that made my brain hurt. Just reading that s it was just like the new, That's the New York fucking times. Well, but Pootie Pie hadn't dressed like a Nazi for a while, So I didn't have anything to talk about. Right. I don't know what that's about. Oh, sorry. But this is what the New York Times is doing. So of course you're gonna hemorrhage subscribers. Of course. You're crazy. You're saying something that's nuts. And also, what is your motivation? Like, what's your motivation for removing potentially harmful and toxic chemicals if someone is trying to do that for the greater health of the population.


If we're saying that these things have been eliminated in other countries because they've been proven to be dangerous, what is your motivation for saying he was wrong? Money. Well, And any, what else could it be? Clearly, Santel brother ideology, ideology, You know, le left wing rejection of RFK Jr. Because now he's connected to Trump, which is connected to Nazis. It's like you, you go down this fucking weird rabbit hole with these people and you're like, what are you trying to do? Are you trying to remove all leftover credibility? Are you trying to eliminate Because you lost so much credibility? Are you trying to kill it all? Are you secretly working for the Chinese?


Like whatcha Doing? They're All all in. What are you doing? It's probably backed by Monsanto or something. 'cause if you look at like these zero, that is a Crazy state. It wasn It's to think that the media was once called the fourth estate in this country is mind boggling honestly, to think that we used to consider them the fourth estate of government. That it was like this our, our father's generation. That's what they considered Ted topple. Man. That fucking, Well, what I'm hoping is that what Jeff Bezos has said about the Washington Post, and I know what CNN is considering doing. And they've made some sort of a trend towards a more objective form of journalism. But they're still compromised by their, the sponsors. They're still compromised by, that's the advertisers, they're so compromised that I don't know if they can ever get to where they really need to be to compete with actual objective real journalists that are independent.


'cause I don't, I don't think they can. So it's, it's kind of crazy. It's like they're digging their own grave Yep. Every day. And then they're lashing out at all the other people that aren't digging their own grave. It's like, you guys are insane. So crazy. They're doing it to themselves. And now it's like, what is it, citizen journalists, how did Elon Musk put it? It's like you are now the journalist or how I I'm, I'm misquoting him, but Well, ex Is mainstream media now that is the mainstream medias where most people are getting their news now. The views speak for itself. You know, like, Well, it's not just the views, it's the community notes. The fact that you can actually fact check these things and then you have all these brilliant people that are participating in this live debate in real time online about what's real and what's not.


Yeah. And you're finding all specifically with the, like the, the, when they found the Twitter files Oh my God. And like Jesus Christ, the FBI's involved in this. Like, what, what the fuck is going on? Yeah. It's, this is so crazy. The FBI's involved in deciding what's real and what's not on Twitter. Unreal. And you're, You're, you're banning journalists. You're, you're banning scientists. Like this is really crazy. Yeah. And it's bad for society. It's, You know, terrible. You know, it's caused irreparable harm with misinformation, but it Cannot. So it's bad initially, but then ultimately it's good because ultimately we learn who you can and can't trust. And you say, well, who's just honest and accurate?


'cause there's a lot of money in being honest and accurate. Yeah. You know, this is what's crazy. Like all these independent journalists are doing really well. Well, because they don't have a fucking giant building in Atlanta that's filled with a thousand workers. Right, right. So they don't have the overhead for terrible ratings. Yeah. Terrible ratings and a massive overhead. Like you're kind of fucked. Yeah. So it's great for us that it, it leads to the rise of, and these guys like Matt Taibbi that used to be a part of the system and now are independent, Glenn Greenwald, all these type of people, Michael Shellenberger, people that you can actually trust. They're gonna tell you the truth because there's actually money in telling the truth. Yep. It's, It's a great business model. It's Crazy, crazy corrected. And you're proof of it. And all these other people, You know, whether it's Tucker Carlson and many, many others, proof of it.


Like It. Yep. Yeah. You know, there is a course correction and the, the problem is they're, they've dug their heels in so much and they'll write articles like that New York Times article that're so crazy. They updated it. Oh, congratulations. They changed the word wording a little bit. Here's the, here's what it looked like. They changed And it, they got busted now Because it got like 10 million views on X in A dead got blasted kingdom. It Got blasted everywhere. Well, that's why do Have that kind of double thinks insane. So this is what they said here. Why do we have fruit loose in this country that have 18 or 19 ingredients? You go to Canada as two or three, Mr. Kennedy asked, he was wrong. And the ingredient count, they're roughly the same. Yeah. That's what they changed.


Oh. But they're still, they're still missing the whole fucking point. So the ingredient count is roughly the same. So there's still 19 ingredients in the Canadian version, but it's all just like sugar and wheat and like carrot dye and blueberry dye and whatever the fuck else they have. They found a factual error that they could pull out instead of addressing the need of what he was saying. He left the loose Thread mean what he's saying. And it is that all these things, these dyes are all illegal in Canada and also illegal in other countries. It's Poison. Yes. Cereal is one of the worst things you can consume. It's, It's so delicious. But I wonder if it's just as delicious in Canada, which is crazy. Like I don't need it to be flavored or colored by fucking dye when you can get it from beets or whatever.


Yeah. The dye, the dye thing's crazy. The red dye forty's actually kind of a big problem. There's a lot of kids that have like a DD kind of symptoms from Red Dye 40. Well, I mean, They've been doing this for a while. I mean, you're left alone to your own devices. You're a child. Like I was, you would just fucking pour bowl out of that cereal ready to explode. Yeah. You know, I would eat fucking Captain Crunch until I had a fucking heart attack. Until Lucky Charms. Lucky Charms Eating just the marshmallows. Oh yeah. Where's, this is bullshit. Where's the marshmallows? It's Saturday morning cartoons. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. You're getting cracked out to Bullwinkle. Oh yeah. And you're just eating bowls of sugar that sugar high. Yeah. I mean, we didn't even know the sugar was bad for you because again, another fucking conspiracy that turned out to be true, the scientists got bribed by the sugar industry to push all the blame cholesterol on saturated fat.


Yep. That's why everybody started using margarine and all this stupid shit. It's like, Oh, eat some plastic. I love those. It's all so crazy. You know, if you leave margarine out, rats don't even eat it. I Was about to say that. You'll, you'll see And so will be eating natural butter, but they won't touch margarine. Yeah. They're, they eat each other. They don't fuck with margarine. Like what? Something to be said for that. It's glue. It's it's fucking chemical. It's industrial oil. Yeah. It's like really weird. It used to be used for engine lubricant. We're like, whoa, it was great on toast. It's just, we're so stupid. We're so fucking stupid. It's wild when you think about it, the things that we will do, like the milligram experiment I've mentioned before, the, the experiment they did back after the, everybody was wondering here in the states why the Nazis were able to convince rank and file normal people to do fucked up stuff.


Mm. So they got guys in a lab coat and they had an actor pretend he was getting shocked as a test subject, but the real test subject was the guy they had quote unquote shocking that guy. Right. And the guy in the lab code to keep telling him to do it more. And, and they found about 30% of the people, if they were told, would shock 'em all the way up to killing the guy. Yep. Yeah. And that, that kind of appeal to authority, the kind of, yeah. That kind of worshiping of authority has really, they're they're gutting it right now and they're paying the price as Well. It's just dangerous because authority has a massive responsibility to be accurate. And with that comes humility and the understanding that we don't know everything. It's not possible, which is why we're constantly studying things. And this, this need to be accurate and need to be correct, and need to be the only one who has access to this information to educate people is preposterous.


It, it's really crazy. Especially when it comes to something like ancient history, which is why your channels so popular and your channel and Gram Hancock shows are so popular and why these people that wanna hold onto that throne are so adamant about labeling them with every possible horrible pejorative. Yeah. Well, yeah, that's a, a really easy way to, to get them out. Like I said, they're losing authority right now. Like we're talking about, we're talking about mainstream media or legacy media, I guess you could call it falling apart and stuff. What I mentioned about Poodie Pie earlier, if you remember about 10 years ago, the apocalypse, it wasn, I think it was actually a Wall Street Journal article, but it was a legacy media that wrote about PewDiePie and they fucking, like, threw him under the bus.


They like misconstrued him and everything else. And the effects were very real. It slapped YouTube content creators across the board. If you look up Apocalypse, you'll, you can read all about it. Well, they a they, they've actually dropped some of the bands on X now, which is great. Yeah. Which is I think a sign of the culture shifting also after the election. Yep. There's a, a lot of, they're realizing that there's, there's actually a lot of money in advertising there. Like, what do you fuck retarded. Right? So Everybody's There. It's the number one platform on earth for people discussing things. It's the future. Why wouldn't you advertise there? Because you were trying to, you're trying to bleed that guy out, but you fuck with the wrong dude. It's crazy. He's got more money than anybody. And he is like, I don't care. I'm buying it. He bought it for twice what it's worth.


And they're like, Twitter is lost $20 billion in value. He's a terrible businessman. No, he overpaid, he overpaid substantially to try to save free, free Speech. Yeah. Yeah. It just was not, this was what you would call an activist investment. Well, he's just a rare C cat who's willing to do something like that. There's not a lot of people that are willing to like lose billions on some, but when you got 200 billion, you're like, let's fucking shift this apple cart. I'm So glad he's on the right side of history. Oh my God, that guy's a hero. Oh my God. He's a living hero and X is the future that is gonna be the biggest platform on earth. That's his goal, right? Yeah. It's Gonna, and well, it certainly already is and probably will grow. And You know, they keep saying people are going to Blue Sky. Do You know, if you go to Blue Sky and you type, there's only two genders you're banned instantly.


Yes. I Saw this recently. Do it. Yeah. Blue Sky is just the newest echo chamber of the old Twitter. There's kinds of people, Stephen King dorks. Yep. They're gonna go over, over there and let their brains rott out in an echo chamber. I've been picking on all of my friends in the real world that were laughing at, I forget the name of the, the site that Rumble when everybody was like, oh, the right wingers are going to rumble. Ha ha ha ha ha. Now it's like, and all you guys are running the blue sky. Ha ha ha ha ha. Isn't it fucking funny how that works? Yeah. Shout Out to Rumble, Dr. Chamber shout. Rumble's been so good to me. Then we give Chris Pavlovsky a shout out, the CEO of Rumble. I had the s a pleasure of meeting him and they've been treating me real good. Rumble's great. Yeah, they're fantastic. Full on free speech with whether you're on the left or the right, whatever it is.


Anything I want, anything I want within, as long as it's not violence or something like that. Right? Of course. Yeah. So I recommend people everything That's legal, which is what it's supposed to be. And that's what the First Amendment is supposed to apply to. And this is one of the great things about this administration that's coming in is that Donald Trump wants to apply the first Amendment to all these sites. He wants to stop all this big tech banning, which is, by the way, it was terrible for him in 2020. I mean, it really, it it's election interference. It truly is. Because you're, you're eliminating one complete side of the argument. It's supposed to be one side thinks this, the other side thinks that they get together and discuss it. And you, as the person outside of it, gets to see who makes a more compelling argument.


And the wonderful, wonderful thing about community notes is you get to see whether or not someone's bullshitting. Right. So let's find out what's right and what's wrong, what's true, what's not. That's what it's supposed to be. But the problem with that is then you don't really have control of the election. And that's what they found out in 2024. Yeah. They don't have control of it anymore. And you can get Beyonce and pay her $10 million. It doesn't fucking work. It doesn't work anymore. No one cares. No one believes them. They don't trust them. They make terrible life choices. And you're like, well, clearly you're not a person I'm gonna listen to when it comes to who's gonna run the fucking world. Taylor Swift. Right. Shut the fuck up. This is crazy. Eminem, what are you talking about? How much have you locked? I mean, I wanna to sit Eminem down with like a political scholar and like, tell me what You know about the invasion of Ukraine.


What do You know about the coup in 2014? What do You know about NATO moving weapons closer and closer? What do You know about the violation of the treaty that we had? What the fuck are you doing, man? You shouldn't be doing this. You, this is not the thing for you to be doing here. These people have no idea what they're talking about. They're all puppets. They're all, they're they're people that don't do any research on their own and they're just told what to think or they're compromised. Well, I think they were getting paid, and I think that's what's even weirder is that you're allowed to pay people to endorse you for president. Which is crazy. Yeah. Oprah. Two and a half million. Not a million. They thought now it's two and a half million. I sent that to Jamie. But that seems to be like, production costs would seem at least slightly elevated for an event.


But the weird one was like the Beyonce one. If, if it's true and You know, there's a lot of sites reporting it as it is true. But we, we tried to look, Jamie, look this, it's hard to find what's true and what's not true Because it, there's a lot of money. It wasn paid to staff, but it's like unclear what that means. And then there's, it's un it's unclear where they burned all the money. And then there's also the money that went to these activist groups and we're talking about hundreds of billions of dollars they paid to people to support the this administration, which is kind of supposed to be the other way around. Aren't these groups supposed to be paying money to prop up the campaign because the campaign believes in them? No, you're paying these activist groups to support you, which is just crazy also.


It didn't work. It didn't work at all. It's like you went, you went through a billion plus dollars in three months. This is so crazy. And you're in debt, I think, and I think a lot of people made some money in the process. Oh yeah, that money went somewhere. Where is it Now? That's Part of the problem with climate change. That's part of the problem with everything is that it's profitable to, to spit out a narrative. Yep. And that there's a lot of money being moved around. And this is money in politics. And as much as we can get that out, we, we need to. And I think one of the most important things about getting that out is this whole thing about pharmaceutical drug companies being able to advertise, which changed in the 1990s. We have to recognize that it wasn a big deal Before the 1990s pharmaceutical drugs could not advertise on tv.


And guess what? We were taken way less and we were way healthier. No shit. So this is not good folks. No, this is not good. You know, and other than Ozempic, which is like at least curbing obesity to a certain extent, what, what are these drugs are doing? Good. Like what, what if you look at the overall health of people, it's declining. Yeah. Obesity is rising. Heart attacks are rising. Strokes are, oh, this shit is bad. We're not moving in the right direction. And yet there's a tremendous resistance for change. But it's funny to me that they would spend so much money on this election when, I mean, it's kind of, they, it's kind of clear that when one person's platform is do this, this, this, this, and this, and the other person's platform is not him.


It fucking, I mean that's like, yeah. You know, that's like a riding somebody else's coattails deliberately. Right. You, you, she's, she came in with the, the platform. I'm just gonna, You know, I'm not Trump, so, okay, well that's great. But I mean, once people have pierced through the veil of Trump's gonna make everything illegal and put everybody that's not wide into camps and shit. Once they've got past that, what do you Have? Well, it's also if you're gonna develop like a real platform, like a real you, you're gonna run for president. Yeah. I, I would think you would want to do that over a long period of time and be very careful about, treat it like a defense attorney. Like if you were prosecuting this as a case, you would want to have all of your facts that show that you are correct and have all of your arguments.


And you would want to have mock arguments if someone comes to you and says, well what about this? That's this, that's not the case. And this is why that's not the case. And you would wanna have all your ducks in a row. To me it's like a fighter that takes a last minute fight and they've been sitting around drinking beer and they haven't gone through a 10 week camp. Like, don't do it. Don't do it. You're not ready for this. Right. And if your only strategy is just like a wild punch, which is basically he's a liar. Like meanwhile you're lying about him every fucking day. The Russia collusion shit, the very fine people. Shit. The fucking, all the thing about, You know, the thing about taking Liz Cheney and executing her, that's all lies, right?


You guys are just lying and you're saying he's a liar, but yet you're lying all the time and you're doing it like it's 1995 and there's no social media. But you can't do that anymore. Especially when the people that are paying attention to the podcast. Well guess what? Podcasts are a hundred times bigger than anything you guys have. And people are listening to that and they know you're full of shit and then your numbers decline even further. Yep. So I think they, they were saying that CNN what are the, what's, how much is CNN down? 'cause I was seeing this on Twitter and it's hard to know whether or not they're, You know, it's hyperbole or whether or not it's fact. But they were saying CNN's ratings are down like 80% of their peak. And M-S-N-B-C is some other preposterous number.


And, and they're both on the chopping block. CNN is talking about mass layoffs of talent because nobody believes them anymore. So you, it's counterproductive for you to use the same voices, which is why they, they got rid of Brian Stelter and then they brought 'em back, which Was so odd. I'm like, You know, I'm, I'm looking forward How much talent is missing. They, I mean, they don't have any talent. They're all going outta business. They're gonna have to rebrand, they're gonna have to get entire new management. Like I'll never watch those programs ever again. Those networks literally never. Like they're dead to me now forever. It's propaganda. It's at least a percentage of it is propaganda. That's unacceptable. That's unacceptable. If you're the voice of the news in the world, it's unacceptable. Yeah. For you to have a large percentage of what you're saying to be completely full of shit.


You know, it's funny, you can see the, the same pattern of attacks that they throw at Trump being used against Tulsi Gabbard the last time around when she fucking nailed Kamala in the, in the debate. And she was just like, you, you can stay here and say all cops are bad, but you got hundreds of thousands of people in jail, in prison Leftists viewers deal. N-B-C-C-N-N Trump Slump ratings crash. Here's why. So what's the numbers? What does it say? Does it say the Rachel Mano show, for example, easily MSNBC's top rated program, though it only airs once a week. Draw Drew just 1.3 million viewers on November 10th, five days after the election, a drop of 1 million viewers from the month before, 40% or something in the key 25 to 54 demographic.


The advertiser's most Covet Matt's numbers marked the smallest audience since her show has seen her show has seen since April of 2022. And she's the number one show. Wow. Which is like, You know, if I only got a million people watch her show, I'd be so pissed. Hannity Neely quadrupled her with 420,000 views to her meager 109,000. She got 109,000 people in the 25 to 54. Yeah. And that's, so that's a bunch of old cat ladies and, And airports. Yeah. And airports right outside of Maddow. M-S-N-B-C has seen an unprecedented plunge. This is a really bad news. And what is that? For example, on Tuesday, November 11th, the week after the elections, M-S-N-B-C attracted its lowest 25 to 54 demo ratings in 23 years over on CNN, the demo number was the lowest it has been since June 27th, 2000.


When Bill Clinton was president for the overall week of November 6th through 13th, Fox News averaged 2.23 billion views why M-S-N-B-C attracted a paltry 550,000 and CNN just 399,000. Think about how much money is being pumped into CNN. Yeah. So go scroll back up a little bit. In fact, Fox News saw its viewership jump by 38% overall since November 5th after dominating election night by topping all networks, drawing more than 10 million viewers. It's so bad that MSNBC's Joe Scarborough and Mika, how do you say her name, crawled to Mar-a-Lago on Friday to kiss Trump's ring drawing scorn for their utter shamelessness after years of on-air attacks.


You know, real quick, let me just, You know what they're not including is that on Rumble, Dan Bino and, and Stephen Crowder had the number one and number two ratings on all of election night. Wow. So they're not, they're just mentioning mainstream networks. They're, they're leaving out the fact that What did Dan Bonino Have? He had over half a million realtime viewers live. And same with Stephen Crowder. They were very comparable. They were the number one and number two platforms in all network the world. Really? Yes. So what did CNN have at that night? I can't, I'm not entirely sure, but it was way less. That's crazy. It was way less. No. Yeah, that can't be, look it up. I'm, I would agree that online they probably had the highest but to compare the world watching CNN and Fox News and MSN BBC that night was less than 500,000 is Maybe, is maybe it's online streaming I'm referring to.


It must be because didn't it just say Fox News had the highest ratings there, there were 5.5 million. This doesn't have anything to do with online. That's even saying like the 25 to 54 year olds call just be people. They're like, why would I turn on the tv? I'll just watch online. So they dominated it online. Okay. Okay. So either way, this is what happened after 2016 as well. You know, like when, when or after 2020 rather, once he's out of office, you can't complain about Trump anymore. Your ratings crash. Yeah. Like your entire, your entire business is operated on fear. It's like, oh, the orange man And hatred. I mean, this's be real. There's a lot of people just tune in just to get angry. Oh, they hate him. I tune to Joy Reid just to laugh. I always get blazed. Watch that lady. Like, what the fuck are you saying? Like when she's talking about like, she spent an entire part of her program comparing Trump to Stalin, Hitler and Mussolini and M-S-N-B-C compared the rally in Madison Square Garden to the Nazi rally from the 1930s.


Oh, oh my. Oh, oh. Well they were all in the same, You know, I performed in Madison Square Garden, so that must make me a Nazi as well. You know, obviously when I had a show, here we are, I was telling jokes And you just had a guy on your show talking about the swastika on five continents around the world 10,000 years Ago. You Graham Hancock on fucking Nazi stuff. I Know Graham Defended the martyr made guy defend, lemme just say this Defend guy that's more Nazi. I Encourage everyone to go watch everyone go watch Ancient Apocalypse Graham Hancocks and Netflix seat. That's think for yourself. But one last thing to mention about that is that even John Hoops had compared ancient apocalypse. He associated it with Sandy Hook. Yeah, I'm not, this was what, a week ago, two weeks ago. Oh my God. Disgusting. He's talking about, oh my God, the archeology is a canary in the coal mine.


And you can tell that Because you see this horrible thing happened before nine 11 and therefore they're connected. Oh, Jesus. And Sandy Hook happened before right around the same time as the 2012 thing. Ergo it's just like, dude, are you puke? I I, You know, Alex Jones could give you some advice here, buddy. You're gonna get fucking sued. Shut your mouth about Sandy Hook. Man, come on. What the hell wrong With you? It's all the same thing that they do. It's the same thing. Flint Devil did, You know, connecting it to white supremacy? Yeah. Atlantis to white. Oh, Atlantis. Okay. It's really a funny, So I, sorry, we're, we're at three hours plus in, but okay. We, we, I would feel like we cheated the world. If you could talk about the reshot structure, let's do it. Yeah. I I love your video and I, I saw, I I don't understand Randall's reluctance to, to accept this as a possibility.


It's very fascinating because there's so many details and your video that details the char structure, which is an incredibly strange structure. It's if it's not manmade and if it wasn't at one point in time, some sort of a, a structure it wasn made by human beings, It doesn't need to be. So this is one of the things that Randall has says, well, it's a natural feature, So it can't be Atlantis. So I'm like, well, who built Atlantis? He said it was the God Poseidon. Well, was Poseidon an actual individual? Because if you look at the ancient Greek translation, Poseidon, it's Lord of the Earth, which I think is a modern day translation for mother nature and humans have built on natural geological features. Sure.


Throughout history, if you were to bring up the OT structure from space, it's like no other place on earth. It is a mysterious site. The best, the consensus is that it, it's volcanic in nature and It is a collapsed vol volcanic dome. But it doesn't match anything else, anywhere else on earth as far as volcanic domes go. It matches more than a dozen similarities of the most, let me say this, the most consequential similarities to what pla hood described as a lost ancient city of Atlantis. And it's made up of concentric circles. If it had water, it specifically matches three of water and two of land. It's made up of red, black, white color stones. There's an abundance of gold and Mauritania elephants, which were described as being on Atlantis.


You won't find gold or elephants in the Azores like Randall promotes. It also has an opening at the South, which matches the description of Atlantis. There's mountains to the north, which just so happened to be called the Atlas Mountains, which are in modern day Morocco. Well, Atlas, which is a very unique name, was said to be the very first king of Atlantis, which also happens to be the very first, the name of the very first king in Mauritania, which is the, where the rich hot structure is located. It's Also covered in Salt. Yes. The water was there. Yeah. And oh, and here's another similarity is that Atlantis was said on those mountains that were said to be to the north, which are again, happened to be named the Atlas Mountains. Well, there was a river it wasn said to be flowing from those mountains.


And there's a scientific study that say that Tam Andrist River flowed at the exact time of Atlantis 11,600 years ago, either right through the rho structure or directly north of it. And, and those are just a handful of similarities. It is by far the most likely location of the lost ancient city of Atlantis. Nothing can be concluded either way, but it is something that should not be ignored. It's certainly really fascinating. It is. And just the fact that there's these concentric rings that match the description of Atlantis And it's in the same spot and it's in the, it's the mountains are in the same spot. Yep. The opening is in the same spot. I mean, look at that, whatever that is, is really weird. And if you would imagine a city like Atlantis and what the way it was described, that seems a very likely spot for it.


Yeah. And let me tell you something else. A lot of people say, well, it's not an island, So it couldn't possibly be Atlantis. But what they leave out is the fact that the ancient Greek word for island was NSOs and neon, which had five meetings, one of which was island the other was Promontory Peninsula, as well as land within a continent surrounded by lakes, rivers, or springs, which matches the OT structure. So it's like, You know, a lot of people, and then you also say this, 'cause a lot of people, and I think all areas should be studied. I'm not debunking the Azores. However, the fact that it's in the Sahara Desert and that the Egyptians are the ones that came up with the tale of Atlantis. That's where it originates from. Which the surprises a lot of people, well Egypt's in the Sahara and so is the Rashat structure.


And at the time of Atlantis, the Sahara was green. It had one of the largest networks of rivers ever known to exist as well as the largest freshwater lake. And so if they were, if the Egyptians were colonists of a destroyed civilization, it's not unreasonable to say that it was in the Sahara. And let me say something else. If Atlantis was described as being busy all day and all night and was a trading post, does it make sense? It'd be in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean or is it far more feasible that it would be in the Sahara Desert, which wasn't a desert at the time because if it was said to be busy all day and all night with land languages spoken from all over. Well, and where are all these people coming from in the middle of, of the Atlantic Ocean to go visit it?


It makes far more sense that it would be in that portion, in that region of the world Have, how much work has been done excavating and that None, zero Nothing. Yes, it's, it Is they, they're that's so theres gold in the Maorian desert and they don't want anyone touching it. It also, it's a Dangerous place to go Also. It's very inhospitable. It's 205 50 miles inland And it is, I know people that have gone out there and It is a dangerous inhospitable place. There's no water. It is, it's hard to get to. You could have all the money in the world and you could still die out there. Yeah. It's, it's not just hard to get to, but, and not just inhospitable the, the, it's kind of war torn kind of fucked up. Kind of the yeah. The kind of place where you're not gonna have to worry about somebody playing a tourist trick on you, they're just gonna take your shit.


Right. So it's Right. Yeah. It is a lot, a lot of, it's a lot of reasons that people aren't going there. But it's really interesting, even to me where I'm, I'm a a lot more skeptical about, So I do believe in a law civilization I do of, and I think that, I think it's really interesting to find so many of those same things in the same area. It's just uncanny. Yeah. Like, like Jim says, when it's just a stones throw away from Egypt, really it's, it would make sense that they would have that package, a big chunk of those things so accurately recorded and, and to find it right there. It definitely, this is one of the things I, I harp about on my channel all the time. There's, we need more honest skeptics. This is definitely the kind of thing we need real scientists to go out there and do.


We don't need guys to knee jerk and say, well, you attached it to Atlantis, so fuck that noise. It can't be right. We don't need guys to say it's definitely Atlantis, but there's nothing to see here. We need boots on the ground. And how the Fuck could Atlantis, if it really is in Africa, be connected to white supremacy? Oh fuck. Let me touch on this one really quick, Joe, if I can. If I can hit this really fast. It's so stupid. Their whole, the Africans are black. Hello. Their whole Point. I'm saying Thelan black, black supremacy. This is what John Anthony West said on your show. He said, he's like, not only did Atlantas exist, but they were black African supremacy. They did it. They, the way that these guys attach the white supremacy thing is they go back to guys from the 18 hundreds that wrote about Atlantis that had some old school views on race.


Now they believed in the biblical races and the way that the biblical races came to be something you'll never find John Hoops or Flint dibble tell you Because it guts their entire argument. Before the flood, there was one race of humans after the flood, Noah gets drunk. He one three of his sons are around. One of them picks on him, laughs at him, two other ones don't. The one that picked on him was ham. He had the African people were considered to be the mites, the Sam, the Semitic people were the in in the middle. And then the other one, the Japa fights, which eventually became the Aryans, were considered to be the white people. It wasn the European view of race for up until about 150 years ago. So a 200 years ago, a guy writing about Atlantis would not have thought it was an ary in Atlantis because Arians didn't, invent didn't exist until after Noah.


It was one of Noah's sons. So before the flood there was no Arians. So anytime somebody says that, all this old school ship believes in, all you gotta do is scratch the surface. You'll find that's not the case at all. This guy didn't believe in a wide Atlantis, Ignatius Donnelley did not believe in a wide Atlantis despite Flint Dibble, making sure to name drop that fucker anytime he gets a chance. But they're going to make sure you think that they're going to eliminate because the biblical races are something most people don't know Much about. Listen, let me just say this one point. I don't care what their color their skin was, but the legend comes from Egypt and they're fucking brown. So get go, get fucked with your racist argument. I don't care. Like, anyway, I don't get fucked. Gentlemen, thank you very much. This has been a lot of fun.


Thanks Joe. It's really, really been fun. Jimmy, always great to see you. Good to see you again. Very nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too Joe. And thank you for your channel, both of you guys. Fantastic debunking Bright Insight. Yep. Awesome channels on YouTube. Follow Me, me on x Rumble and Instagram. Love you all. Thank you Joe. I'm gonna be at the cosmic summit speaking this summer if you guys wanna catch me there. Beautiful. Cosmic summit. Yeah. Beautiful. Alright, thanks Again, Joe. Thanks everybody. Bye. Bye now.