
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Hey. Oh, little bo peep. She needed the money. Oh. Oh. How remember how great it wasn, Man. Oh yeah. When I first met him, it was like one of those weird things where, You know, You know, I mean, you've met a lot of famous people. Some of them, you meet him, you're like, eh, fucking really Bummer. It's weird. Oh, this bummer too. Yeah. The bummer ones. That sucks. When you meet someone, they suck. Like, oh no, you suck. I know. Exactly. Some people just just not talk. They should only do what they do, act and sing.


Then you get to know them. Like, I don't know, like I'm pretty good at this now where you don't, where you see people that you like looked up to. Like Eddie Veter I had a pretty close relationship with. Oh Really? Yeah. But I was drinking and then I would grab his balls and do shit like that. And then it was like, I don't want him around. I don't want Josh around. Yeah. I don't like that anymore. I don't want my, You know, and I think Sean Penn appreciated shit like that. Like, while somebody has the balls chaos, it's not even a little chaos. It's like somebody has the balls to like call me on my shit. Like, not everybody's afraid of me. Oh, right. Yeah. He's probably used to people constantly being afraid of him. Yeah.


Like, oh, I can't Fuck with him. Right. Well, he does wild shit. Like when he went down to fucking Mexico and met with El Chappo, like, Jesus Christ, dude, that's fucking Wild. You know? And I do think that that's organic, but I think that that's also, you just have that thing where you just go, You know what? Shit's getting boring. Right? Like the weather's just too fucking nice here. Weather's too nice. I'm too famous. Let's go be a monster. Something. Yeah, Let's go fuck some shit up. Let's do something. Let's do something big. Let's do something. Let's really Something. It's gonna resonate for at least a Year. Yeah. That whole El Chapel thing was so crazy though. 'cause that kind of is one of the things that got him caught It. It was Right. Yeah. Yeah. Because they, You know, they track your cell phone data.


Yeah. And they know where you go. And if you're bringing your fucking cell phone, you're basically bringing a tracking device to Yeah. To go find one of the most notorious gangsters alive today Than most Na I mean, who, who, who was the guy with the football team back in the day? Like the Pablo Escobar? Yeah. Think about it. It's our days. This time's Pablo Escobar. Yeah. Yeah. And Sean Penn Golden hangs out with him who was Suppo ole because goes, You know what man going, Hey, who wants to come with me and find this motherfucker? Did he go solo? I don't, I think So. I think he went solo. Well, he knew that lady who was like a reporter. You know, there was like this really hot Mexican Reporter.


Oh yeah. The Mexican girl. Yeah. Yeah. He knew her. Was she dating her? I don't know, but I think she had a thing with El Chapo After that. No, like, Did Sean introduce them properly? I don't know. I think he knew her. And she knew him. Yeah. She knew El Chapo. Oh, right. That's how he got it. Wasn The Connect. Yeah. And El Chapo was like, I like the meat. It's oli. Yeah. Electric. I love you. You know, I really enjoyed you in colors. And then next thing You know, What's the most dangerous thing that you do now? What do you think? What dangerous thing? Yeah. Like we're talking about Sean going out on a limb. Do you find it necessary to go out and do things that like challenge you in a way?


Yes. Challenge your psyche? Yes. In what way? Elk hunting's probably the most exciting. What is Elk hunting? Elk hunting. Elk hunting. Why? Because it puts you in danger. Well, no, it's just really difficult. You know, you're bow hunting in the mountains. Right? And it's just you in the mountains and just fucking mouth lines. Do you stay up there, there for days and days and days? Yeah. And do you quarter your, your Kill? Oh yeah. We pack it out. Yeah. See, that's a different thing. Yeah. You know, people say, I don't, I don't like hunt personally. I like, I grew up in a very red part of California. Everybody hunts that I grew up with, and I would shoot and I would hunt with my dad, and I would like fucking think about it and dream about it for three weeks. Oh yeah. I love it.


Yeah. I love it. I love Eating it. No, no, no. I'm saying that I would like, oh, in a bad Way. Spiral. Oh, you would get negative with it? Not Even. It was negative. Yeah. I guess it would be negative. But it like made me think of like the kids that were going like, mom, mom, are you there? And I just killed, killed the mother. Oh, kill mother. It's like the Bambi kind of thing. Right. But I eat meat, so that hypocritical thing of like, I don't want to kill anything, but I want you to kill it for me So I can eat it. 'cause I really like the way it tastes. Well, that's the Amro, Anth anthropomorphisation of animals. Oh, nice. That Disney has kind of done a number on people with, You know, like Bambi and Right. Yogi Bear and all that kind of shit.


Cartoons and teddy bears. And we have a very, You know, living in, when you live in urban areas and cities and people, You know, streets and concrete. Yeah. And people just get a very distorted idea of nature and our relationship with nature. And when you're a kid and you're just, these are sweet, cute things, and then all of a sudden you're, you're supposed to go murder one. Yeah. Like it's all fucked up. It's right. But it's, what's fucked up is the cartoons. I mean, they're cute and everything, but because They depict it in a way, how? Well, It's just completely distorted. You have these animals that are talking to each other, and the hunters are always assholes. And like, if it wasn't for hunters, there would be no humans. We'd have never made it this far.


Yeah. If we were all just eating fucking tubers and grapes and shit, we would've never made it. Do you like garbanzo beans? They're Not bad. I Don't prefer that. Have you ever hunted one? No. It's fucking wild. How Do you do that? You get, you take a bunch of acid, you gotta go to a Italian Restaurant, you take a bunch of acid. It's possible. Yeah. Yeah. What, what about the sexual connotations of Disney? Like, You know, did you ever hear that thing that Disney, Walt Disney had like the biggest porn collection of all time? Really? That's what I heard. I don't know how much of it is true. You know, Have you ever seen how There's like the Rod Stewart thing and there's the, oh, You know what I mean? The, I don't know if it's what Thing, right? I don't know how much it's, Google it. Jamie. Did Walt Disney have a gigantic porn collection?


I wouldn't be surprised. A lot of people that are like really into kids stuff and like sweet, wholesome stuff they did. They Have that other kind of slant. Yeah. They need Something. Or eventually flip, Maybe. Maybe it's a cover. Or maybe it's like they're so cutesy with the fucking completely wholesome stuff that they have to balance it out with some bonded shit. Some fucked up shit. Some guys getting kicked in the nuts and ball guys. Why is it that people feel that people in Hollywood and Texans are like that? Like, I know people that have moved to Texas and they, and they've called me. There was one guy that I used to work out with in Venice, and he started, he moved here, and he called me and he'd be like, Hey man, You know, the list is coming out.


And I'd go, what list? And he goes, You know, the list. The List. And I go, am I on the list? Oh, No. And he goes, no, you're clean, you're good. But I know You know who's on the list. S You, I'm glad I know I didn't do anything wrong, even though I didn't do anything wrong. And I said, but why are you for two, like a twofold thing. Why are you under the impression that everybody in Hollywood lives under the same roof? Like we all live in the same apartment complex. Right? It's they, It's they, yeah. They, It's they, They are out there fucking, They're out there doing that thing. Yeah. And then what would, why, how could you possibly think that, that a guy who's a trainer at Golds, and


This episode is brought to you by American Primeval. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Primeval. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake, to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks us based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply.


Dennis would have the list. Why was he chosen? Well, he goes on Reddit. He, and that's how you get the list. That's how you get the list. That's how you get the List. I still am waiting for the list. Yeah. Well, I think I'm gonna see him when I'm, when I'm here. We started communicating again. Well, when you have things like the Epstein client list that doesn't get released, then it fuels these kind of conspiracy theories about there being a list. So why is that list not released? That's A very good question. Powerful people. Who has that list? Well, for sure, someone has the list. Okay. Ghislaine. Maxwell's in jail. Right. So she must have talked like, there must have been conversations. Right. And there must be a bunch of very powerful people that are on that list. And, You know, All the powerful people in cahoots was something that I learned, learned.


Like when I played, when I played WI played a senator that played w what? It wasn that Did that. What is it like playing a guy who's still alive? Did you meet with him and hang out with him at all? Scary. I mean, it, it, no, I wanted to, Did you ever meet him? No. God, that's Weird. Right? I had the opportunity to meet him afterwards and, and there was something about him. It wasn more. Remember when he was like giving Kand to Michelle Obama and all that? Yeah. Yeah. And it was like a really friendly, kind of a mischievous thing. And I was like, I would like to meet him. And then I saw his paintings of his dogs and I said, I don't want to meet him. I just don't Like, It was something attractive for a moment.


What's, and then I Was like, about paintings and Gotcha. I don't know. And I love paintings. I don't know what it was. But you Didn't like the paintings? I, no, it's not that I didn't like the paintings. There's something in the paintings. There Was, I don't know what it was, man. You know, it wasn was something in the paintings is I killed a million people with fake weapons of mass destruction. You know, there was, we had a fake story and I used that story to justify an invasion of a country. And now a million people are dead. So that's the question. And I'm haunted every night. Totally. Paint dogs That are staring like that. Yeah. Like your face right now is exactly how every eye is in his dog's paintings. It's so funny. That guy Must be medicated. They must put him on some things so he could sleep. Is that that Look, I think I don't, does he put into his dog's eyes the look that he has always, or at least that he feels that he has, right?


Like There's a haunted, It's his lens, his real Look it Behind His eyes. It's his lens. Yeah. How he sees the world. How he's experiencing Is what is it like running around knowing that you did that? Not just that you did that, but that there's no culpability. Mm. Like no one went to jail for that. No one even got brought up on charges for That. Well, that's what I was bringing up because when I would meet these people, I would, You know, I went to the Senate floor and I met a lot of these people, and then I met a lot of rich people, which is when I met Trump, actually the 21 club, back when I knew a lot about him. I was fascinated by the whole, What's the 21 club? 21 club is a place that he used to go a lot. And it was like, You know, yeah. You have a chance to meet this billionaire. This billionaire, then Trump.


Yeah. Under eyes Wide shut type shit. Yeah. So he, what was I gonna say? Is he, oh, meeting these people, especially getting them drunk. You know, where people get super honest. Right. You know where they go, You know, You know what, man, I trust you. I trust you. And you're like, here comes, oh no, here, here comes. Whereas before that, they were like, You know, I'm not sure. And I just, what I think is, You know, and then they finally go, I just fuck her. I fucked her. You know? And they're like, oh. Or they tell you what's going on. But the thing that I learned, and I'm really curious about, like what we were talking about Hollywood and the perception of them all being in it together, is don't you think the rivalries and all that, not entirely, but that all politicians are basically under the same roof.


They all know what each other's doing, and that there's more of an agenda of power to keep the public thinking a certain way. Well, there's, is This not brainwashed? There's certainly a benefit to that. Of course there is. Yeah. There's a benefit to that. And then there's also the, the, the underlying factor is money, of course. Like, there's so much money and influence. There's so many special interest groups. There's so many lobbyists. There's, and That's what I mean, it's so many Massive corporations that are donating to campaigns. Yeah. Yeah. So there's, there's always going to be this desire to sort of color satiate a certain life Pacify. Yeah, yeah. For sure. And then treat you like you're a baby so they can continue. That's exactly right.


Making insane amounts of money. That's exactly like if you're someone like Nancy Pelosi and you are worth hundreds of millions of dollars and you make $170,000 a year, and there's no fucking explanation. Yeah. Like, just that alone, alone alone. You that alone have to kinda keep people in the dark. You have to kinda like, keep dancing and Yeah. Otherwise you're going to jail. Yeah. Like someone's gonna start investigating and they gotta go like, what you did is not legal. Yeah. And you're gonna be in real trouble. How'd you, what's your relationship like with money? In what way? Just in what? You you made a certain amount of money for a long time. I don't think about it. You don't think about it? No. No. What I like about money is to not think about it. That's what I like. Do you Like spending it? I like buying stuff. Me too. I have A nice Car. Drove here.


I drove a 69 Camaro. See, but that's, that's different. Yeah. I Like that. That's fucking different. Yeah. That's character. I like fun stuff, but fun stuff for the most part. I'm not interested in it like, as a goal. You know, I just, I, what I like about money is not having to think about it. Hmm. My friend Brian Callen said this to me once. He said, he goes, real freedom is when you can go to a restaurant and not worry about what anything costs. He's like, everything else is bullshit. It is. And it really is. It is. Everything else is bullshit. When you just go to a restaurant, get a nice steak, You know, order a bottle of wine, have a good time, and not think about the bill. That's what I think happens is, is and be grateful for it. And to remind yourself to be that, that that's exists to be grateful for.


Yeah. And not be taken advantage of. And I think that's one of the hardest things about money slash power is you start treating things is if they're underneath you, Ooh. You know? Yeah. Where you go, God, I'm so glad I can go anywhere in the world right now and get a meal. And I don't have to think about how am I gonna pay for this? Yeah. Am I gonna be in debt on my credit card? But when you start saying, excuse me, oh yeah. I said, I said 204 degrees, not one 90. Right. Read my lip. You know, and you're like, oh Man, that's gross. That's just, It's gross. But it happens. Taking, that's just taking advantage of this relationship that everyone knows where service people have to be nicer than they really would be normally like a regular person.


So people that, I'm hoping For a tip, hoping for one of your many hundreds. Yeah. It's gross of thousands or hundreds of millions of dollars. Yeah. It's disgusting. It's a gross way to treat people. But some people want to get rich. So they, they could do that to people. Maybe someone did it to them when they were younger and they're like, I can't wait to do this to other people. I mean, when you said nice car and you were like, I thought you were gonna say, I was like, oh, please, no. Like Lamborghini or, No, I don't have any of those. And Then, no, I like muscle cars. I like old muscle cars. I know. That's my favorite. That's like me at 37 knucklehead. And people said I was had an aff affectation. I know you're friends with Momoa or whatever. I go, no, man, I've been riding motorcycles since I was three and a half years old. They're Fun. They're not only fun.


There's something on a, if you read Zen in the Art of Motorcycle, I did read it. Which is the only book that's ever been written that's kind of gets close to the kind of spiritual place. If you're a true motorcyclist, whether you're riding with your son or whether you're riding with a grid of guys or whatever. That beautiful thunderous hum. When you're in a, when you're in a group of guys who really know what they're doing, and you're an absolute fucking sink. Yeah. And yes, your arms are up here and your arms are pretty numb at that point, but you're fucking soaring. You're an eagle on a fucking jet stream. You ever heard A hunter s Thompson? And You know that documentary they did Gonzo? Yeah. The, like that, that course in, in the documentary, the very beginning, he talks about riding a motorcycle.


Oh, I don't remember that. Pacific Coast Highway. I don't remember that. Yeah. Oh, it's fucking great. See if you can find that. He, he talks about riding a motorcycle. How about like that, the, the, the lines begin to blur. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you just, you're just on the edge and how alive you are. It's a fucking Fantastic, we don't have to get into this book right away, But there was, I wrote, they came to me. It's the only story that I wrote that somebody asked me to write for the book. And they were like, well, you're really into motorcycles. Why don't you write a story about motorcycles? And I tried And it was just bad and bad. And everything I wrote was like, so forced and bullshit. And finally I said, I can't do it. I'm not gonna write it. And the minute I said, I'm not gonna do this, I started writing. It just kind of started to come out and it's good.


Do you write by hand? I do. Yeah. Mostly. Do you feel more of a connection when You write by hand? No, it's not why I do it. You don like to type, don't write any which way. Whether it's on the phone, whether, You know, I remember people saying like, I, I write, You know, by hand, I hand write Because it's, it's the way it used to be. And I was like, yeah. It also used to be under candlelight, which fucked your eyes up. You know what I mean? Also be used to be people had slaves. Yeah. Paul used to be. And you could only get around by horse paint On caves and shit. Why don't you go paint on a cave? Tell me a story. Try to get it published. Yeah. Get a witch doctor. Take care of your broken leg. I don't care how it comes out. I think real writing is anywhere, anytime, however you can get it out. I don't think there's a muse that's needed. I think it's work man. It is Work. It's labor.


I think the muse is Like, It, it's, it's a concept. Right. Have you ever read Pressfield's The War of Art? Yeah, of course. Great book. Great book. I think he's right though, when he says, you summon the muse when you sit down to work. But that's also just like an intention thing. Like you have so much time and effort put on a thing. And when you do that, your mind gets more in sync with creativity. Yeah. But if you treat it like it's a muse, it actually does work. Mm. Like if you show up every day and like say, Click into that thing. Yeah. And pay respect to the muse. I'm sitting here and I'm ready to write and I'm a professional and I'm ready to go. Mm. And treat it like you're summoning the mo the muse. Yeah. Yeah. It actually works. Yeah. It, there actually is an effect that happens.


I don't know if there's an actual muse, but you can understand why someone would think that there's a muse because that Yeah. But why do people chant? Why do people meditate? Why do people that? That's the muse. Whatever the muse is. It's like talking about God. What's God? I don't know. It depends on who you're talking to. Yeah. God has a feeling. Yeah. That is something that, that fucking thing that keeps you inspired, it keeps the gasoline at a high octane. Well, it's something that gets, That's how I see it. It's something that gets you away from your ego. Like with writing something that gets you away from your ego and into your mind, into your consciousness into like your, your perceptions of things. Mm. And your ability to express it. And it's just a, it's a focus thing. And the more you focus on it, the more that muscle grows, the more you get adapted to it.


Because your ego is worried about how people are gonna perceive you. Right. And that's not right. You writing For somebody else how Yeah. You wanna Look cool, you wanna look cool? People Are like, fuck Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I read That book that you wrote, man. Holy shit. I had no idea. You're amazing. That's the grossest conversation ever. You're, you're the grosses cocktail party in Hollywood. Some guy comes up to you and tells you you're amazing dude. You are a genius I had. And it's always with those eyes, You're so incredible. I Have no idea Dude. Meanwhile that guy's trying to sell you on some multi-level marketing scheme or something. There's something he is trying to tap into you with. I wanna buy that book. I want to option your book, man. Turn into a fucking Movie. I also have a script I'd love you to see. Yeah. What's it, Is it a Disney, is it about it About animals Talking Thing?


I really love about living in Texas. Yeah. Is there's no Hollywood, there's no show business. I don't have to deal with any of these people with like alternative agendas. We just moved to say we just, I want to go back to that, but we just moved to Santa Barbara. Santa Barbara. Santa Barbara's awesome. Santa Barbara. It's funny. I love out that. Like why does everybody fucking think that? It Is awesome. Montecito. I love it out there. Pretty 'cause it's beautiful. 'cause it's beautiful. What about the people? I'm not, I'm not, they're a little Elitist. There's a lot of elitist people out there, So that's a perfect place for me. Yeah. So I grew up in Santa Barbara. I was in Paso Robles, which is ranch country, about two hours above Santa Barbara. And then we moved to Santa Barbara when I was 11. And it was Montecito, but it was a very different Montecito.


Like Yes. There were a couple of rich people. Yes. My dad was doing okay by then. He had done Marcus. Well we had did, at that time he did Amityville horror. So he had a little bit of money. But we bought, You know what would now be a $35 million home in Montecito. Right. He bought for $600,000. Oh, same fucking house. Right, right. Do You know what I mean? So it was a different Montecito and then whatever, You know, grew Ike I grew up with, but I went to, the point is I went to jail there a lot. I just did. I just liked it. Instead, instead of the museum, I went to jail. I was like, no mom, I'm gonna go to jail today. And then, so in La Venice Beach, I love Venice Beach.


But Venice Beach has even changed. You know, you used to know everybody. Oh yeah. And everybody kind of coexisted beautifully. And, and then Venice Beach changed. It got totally randomly violent being Yeah. Became, became very dangerous little kids. Very dangerous. Yeah. Little kids. Okay. So we moved to Malibu. We're close to Laird. I know Laird and Gabby and all that thing, but it never landed. So we were always talking about moving, even though we were kind of building a house and we're finalizing everything, we're always talking. I mean, we talk about Texas. My mom's from Texas. We were talking about East Coast, we were talking about Europe, all these places. But never Santa Barbara. I would never move back to Santa Barbara. Really? 'cause by the way, honey, if we move to Santa Barbara, which you love so much and you think is so beautiful, our little girls will eventually For sure go to prison.


It wasn in my mind. Why? Because in my mind, 'cause in your childhood I built. Totally. Huh. Most of my friends grew up in Montecito are dead. Really? Like 36 out of 50. Really? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. They all died from what? Heroin epidemic? Punk rock. Oh god. Driving accidents. 36 out of 50. Out of 50. Wow. Best friend Jason Sears, who was the lead singer of Rich Kids on L-S-D-R-K-L, which was a big punk band that influenced a bunch of people. Theya, You know, Pearl Jam. All these people, Rich kids on LSD is a great name for A band. Should look it up. Can you look it up? Jason Sears Rich Kids on LSD. We got a tattoo at the same time. I got a tattoo from Freddie Negretti that's gone now 'cause I get removed it.


But it was a big Jesus with blood coming outta the hands. And Jason, that same night, got the same night, got eat shit on his ass. See if you can find Jason's ass that says eat shit on it. Wow. You're gonna put that in Jason Sears eat shit. Yeah. Where is it? Oh, you gotta just keep looking. Yeah. It'll be there. So why was I, oh, so eventually when we finally said, look, we're not moving, we should be grateful. We're not grateful enough. That's the problem. We're not grateful enough. But Malibu just didn't kind of sit and then one day I'm Wind. What Didn't you like about Malibu? I love Malibu. It's just remote, You know?


Yeah. Like we already are remote in Pass Robles. We have a place in Pass Robles, a place where I grew up. Not the ranch I grew up, it's about three miles down the road, but that's remote. And a remote that I love. I love remote, but I love extremes. I don't want to be sort of next to Santa Monica. And it is 20 miles away And it takes two and a half hours to get there. Right. You and I were talking about that. I don't want to sit in traffic for half my life. Right. I just don't want to. Yeah. If I'm gonna be somewhere, I wanna be somewhere. So Santa Barbara represented a place where you kind of had your own piece of property, but everything was 10 minutes away. You got dance class for the girls, you got soccer, you got this. Right. You know, You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. So it wasn the thing.


But, but never, I would never, was I gonna go back to Santa Barbara? I finally put on Zillow Santa Barbara, one house came up and that's the house that we bought. And it was Joe Walsh's old house. Oh Wow. Which Is amazing. That's incredible. Incredible. That's incredible. Which I was, and I asked him, anyway, I have to finish the story is, is that I was so freaked out about moving up to Santa Barbara. I still hadn't made the kind of transition that I contracted a mild case to a Bell's palsy. Really? Yeah. Like literally was stressing out. My wife was like, you gotta, and I'm not a stress guy. And she was like, you gotta mellow the fuck out. I'm like, yeah, but you don't know what's gonna happen when we move up here. It's like, it's gonna be so your Face started likes, So literally I'm washing my face, I'm doing this.


And it just started going, Wait, when was this? Four months ago. Okay. Four. That's a side effect to the vaccine too. That's one of the side effects of COVID-19 vaccines. I heard. Yeah. That I've also heard that speech impediments have also, I've heard a lot of things. Kids taking vaccines Yeah. And things happening. Yeah. Yeah. That vaccine in particular. That one, the mRNA one. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I know quite a few people that developed Bell's Palsy from them. Well, whatever you wanna call it. Are you serious? Yeah. Facial paralysis. Yeah. I know two people specifically. I wonder if that developed, developed facial, like droopy face. Because when my older kids, they went away. When my older kids were young, there were what, 17 vaccinations.


And now that my younger kids are young, there's 56, 72. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, a series of them, but it's ultimately 72 shots. Yeah. Yeah. And it's a scary Prospect, man. Well, the the fucked up thing is, if you talk about it, you're an anti-vaxxer and you're can Talk about anything. But that's a big one because they've done a really good job of demonizing anyone who questions a medicine that might be correlated with a bunch of fucking serious diseases. Yeah, exactly. And for whatever reason, profit they've, yeah. They've just done a great job of gaslighting people. Yeah. And scaring the shit outta people by labeling anybody who did like, look what they did to Jenny McCarthy. Do you remember when Jenny McCarthy had a kid?


Yeah. And her kid had autism and she thought that autism had possibly come from vaccines and they basically ran around Hollywood. But why would they do that? What's the reason? Money, what do they benefit? Money. Well, What I Is said before money. Well, the, During the Reagan administration, they, the vaccine companies, pharmaceutical drug companies that are making vaccines, they said, we are unable to make these vaccines if we're liable. Because if we're liable, there's too many lawsuits are gonna come our way. Because vaccines cannot be completely safe and effective just by virtue of the mechanism in which they work. You know, you have an irritant, you have this, this, this virus, this dead virus.


Your body sees the aluminum or whatever it is. It, it reacts to that in a negative way. And it finds the dead virus. It develops antibodies just by the way they work. Right. When you vaccinate a enormous amount of people, you're gonna have a certain amount of people that have a negative reaction. If we have lawsuits for every person that has a negative reaction, we're gonna go outta business broke. Yeah. So they made them immune. They made them immune. And You know what happened? Immediately, they're like, well, you need a vaccine for this and you need to go vaccine for that. And They babies knowing that there was no drawback Hepatitis B vaccines. Right. Babies. Right. When you're born, which Right when you're born, which right when you're born, You know, there's also doctors that say it doesn't even really work for babies. But what you're doing is you're con you're conditioning the parents to accept the fact that your child's gonna get regularly vaccinated.


I mean, my doctor for, fortunately, our pediatrician wanted to put the kids on a, a a different schedule, a slower schedule. And he didn't want them to have any vaccines until they were two. Your doctor in California. Yes. And he, but he wa it was not like a quack. He was like, I think the way to do it, I mean, you have, there's a, a schedule of vaccines your kids have to get unless you have religious exemption. If You don wanna go to school, but that's not assault your children. Right. With a potential poison. Because everybody is different. If I take a bong hit, I might end up under the table. If you take a bong hit, you actually may feel smarter and clearer. I remember Dean Potter, who was a climber, and he was like, I stopped smoking pot for four months, but when I started smoking pot, I could feel the hold.


Yeah. At 2000 feet. Oh yeah. Sheer cliff. Nothing underneath, no ropes. But I felt more confident. And for me, I go, if I took a long head on up there, I could be four feet up and be freaking out. Right. It's different for everybody. Yeah. Because Everybody has different brains. It's like, psychopharmaceuticals, let's just give them all lithium or let's give them all that You have to experiment. And the, the idea of experimenting with that shit is super scary. It is. It is super scary. And it's also super scary when you're not liable for any of the repercussions and you're just pushing it on people because you're a corporation and corporations just wanna make money. Their, their thing is, was just unlimited growth.


They just have a, they have an obligation to their shareholders every quarter. They wanna make more money and they just keep ramping it up. Yeah. Like, we're doing se doing really well this year. Remember Seinfeld, Seinfeld talking about that. He was like, I remember back in the seventies and comedy, You know, green rooms and all that and we'd all be fucking with each other. And it had never had anything to do with money. 'cause nobody was really making money. Like money. Money. Like tons of money. Right. It was just about what set are you gonna do? Right. What are you trying out? Right. Are you gonna fail? Are you not gonna fail? Right. You know, but it was this community again. And I think that things have grown into, not that I wanted to talk about this or I even thought about it before, but the money thing is a very interesting thing to me.


You know? And if you want to take it back to the book, which we can talk about later. No, I Mean, money is, It's like the anti celebrity. It's like how do you stay grounded? Yeah. How do you stay accountable and why would you stay accountable? Because I actually give a fuck about people instead of just being in it for myself. Yeah. And I think that's the difference. Well I think one of the things that happens to people with money is you didn't have money when you're young. Now all of a sudden you have money and you get really scared about losing money if somebody is gonna take it away. Yeah. You get scared it's gonna go away because now you realize, oh my God, it's so much better to not have to worry about your bills. Yeah. And it so much better to have some money to buy things. Yeah, totally. And then you start thinking only about money and you start making decisions only for money. Yeah. And then you go down the weird road.


Yeah. And it, You know, really distorts artists. It it, it fucks a lot of people up. Yeah. You know, you see it in a lot of bands. They start making like poppy songs when they used to be like raw and gritty when they were younger. They used to be, it used to be like authentic. And then all of a sudden they're making like, theme songs for films. It's like weird fucking romance songs for romcoms. Like Aerosmith went through totally a bunch of that shit. Totally. Where to me as an Aerosmith, You know, lover as a kid to see them, You know, go from like dream on to like the shit they were Walk this way. And I, and I wonder with like drug addiction and all that, I wonder if that's like, if the parallel is I went back to heroin at that point 'cause I just couldn't fucking deal.


Do You know what I mean? I think it's when they get off heroin and they start wanting to make money. How can I make, Don't know. I need to make some money. I spent all my fucking money. But Look at, I wonder if there's any connection. Like with, remember Philip Seymour Hoffman, like one of the greatest actors that ever lived. And I've known his mother since I was doing theater in Rochester, New York. It's like a 20-year-old. 21-year-old. And she would come up to me and she'd say, thank you're a fine actor. And I'd go, oh, thank you very much. And, and she goes, You know, my son just moved to New York. He like, he's, he wants to be an actor. And I said, oh yeah, what's his name? Phil Phil's his name. Oh, well tell Phil good luck. Good luck to Phil. And that, You know, it's like every, anybody who wants to be an actor, just good luck. The odds of it happening is just not gonna happen.


And then Phil became this guy, 22 years of sobriety who had an inkling in the beginning and said, You know what, I don't want this to control like my thing. So I'm not gonna do it. I'm gonna give everything I am to acting and I'm gonna try to make the best career, theater, career, movie, career, whatever. And then, You know, and I, again, I have it in the book where I see him on the street and I'm crazy and I've gotten into a fight with my wife and I'm walking down Columbus Avenue and I have cords on, I have no shoes, I have no shirt on my way. I mean outta my fucking head. And I look to my left and I see Nick Nolte at a cafe. Oh. And we lock eyes. And I've never met Nick Nolte.


I've never seen him. And it will happen that I actually will have a relationship with him later on. But we lock eyes and the moment is he's seeing in me what he used to be or seeing in me what I'm to become. I'm singing him what I'm to become later. Right. Right. Then I see Philip Seymour Offman who's standing there talking. I go, Hey Phil, It's Josh. What's up? You're doing so well man. Fuck. Good for you dude. No shirt. No no shirt, no shoes. No shoes. And he's standing there with one foot pointed toward me and another foot pointed in the direction that he wants to go. You know how people stand there And they're like, Good to see you man. The Look outta here.


Yeah. Good, Good. Oh No. Now how is that the guy that died of a heroin overdose, Did he get injured? No. No. He just got back on it. Because sometimes it, what happens is people get injured. I know. And they have surgery and then they have back and then they get on. I know. You Know, quite a few people. Oxy cotton. Me too. Yeah. I know a lot of people that, that, that's kind of been the trajectory. No back pain, nothing. To me. There's another parallel in the parallel is I just wanna make money finally. I'm sick of doing independence. I'm sick of doing this and not making any money. And then you start doing, You know, whatever he was Hunger games or, And then you feel hollow and then you want to fill yourself.


That's what we were talking about before. Right. You wanna numb yourself up. 'cause you feel like a whore. You feel like a whore. Yeah. It's like there's one thing about like actually finding solace and saying, Hey man, I'm older. I'm gonna do this movie. I get it. I would like, You know, I got college coming up for my kids. And you justify it in a way that's okay. And then there's one thing about, you've identified yourself so much as an artist that to release yourself from that identity in other people's minds, again going back to the ego that you just, it just fucks you up. Right. You just Can't deal. And then you wanna escape from your reality. Exactly. Yeah. You wanna numb yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Well that is a real fucking thing man. And if you've ever done a project where it's like, really?


Aw, I did a really bad sitcom once and I remember did you acted it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It was terrible. And I remember while I was doing it, I was just imagining like, what if this is my life? What if this stupid piece of shit sitcom goes for like 10 years. 10 years? Yeah. And have to keep you because there's sitcoms that inexplicably are very successful. Or were the nineties. Yeah. And very successful. And they were terrible. Terrible. They're terrible. But People love them. Well People want to be numb. It's like eating ice Cream. They just wanna slack jaw. Yeah. Sit in front of the com computer. Yeah. Or whatever the TV and eat SpaghettiOs just fucking numb themselves to some mundane bullshit. Fuck yeah. And if you're doing that kind of a thing, you live in hell. And a lot of those people that do those things, they wind up doing drugs 'cause they just feel very lost.


But if you do that and you're doing, you live in hell Yeah. You live in hell. Which it is. Yeah. To me, to you, it Sounds crazy to a person listening, oh, you're making $50,000 a week. How are you living? You're living in hell. Like, whatcha talking about? No, no, no. That's not The point. Most people would like. That's great. That would be amazing. But if you want to do a thing, if like you want to be a great comic or you wanna be a great actor and you're doing Some, you have to have incentive. Right. You have to have, you want to, you have to want to create something really good. Right. And when you can't create something really good and you're just doing it for money, you feel trapped and you feel like shit. And then you have to reward yourself for this stupid fucking thing You do. Yeah. So what do you do? You go out and buy a nice Mercedes, you get a fucking house in Malibu. Now you have a large monthly nut that you have to cover. But when you take people over your house, like, look how I'm living.


Yeah. Look at this ocean view. Yeah. Come on. How much of this house do you use? Not bad. Nothing. Yeah. Almost nothing. But I always say to my friends, my, my young comic friends that are coming up, your house is just your house. I, I remember when I first got a nice apartment, when I moved to North Hollywood in 1994, I got a loft apartment and a pool table in it and a nice stereo. And I was like, this is incredible. I have a nice apartment. This is amazing. And then after a while it just became my house. Yeah. Came where I live. And I realized at that moment I'm like, oh, this just, it's all the same feeling, like all you need in a house, is it to be comfortable. Yeah. You need a TV in a kitchen and a couch. Couch bed. It's Not supposed to to it's supposed to. It's, it's the place that you sleep.


Yeah. It's a place where you, It's not the place where you live your, the entirety of your life. You Could relax almost anywhere that's comfortable and safe. That's all you need. And then everything else is kind of bullshit. Yeah. It's kind of the things that you get for your money. It's like there's a lot of things that people spend a lot of money on and they're not really worth it. You don't really get anything out of it. You get things. That's why it was interesting walking in here and You know, man cave. I hate that fucking term. Man cave. Man cave. You know, it's a gay cave. You know, it's like there's A, well it's a man cave because no woman would ever let me decorate this place This way, this. But it's not that. No woman wouldn't Like It. I think there's, there's some, there's, Well my wife likes it when she comes. Here's That's what I'm just doesn't wanna live in It.


She doesn't wanna live. Do you wanna live in It? No, I wouldn't wanna live here. Well there you go. But I might, if I was like a single guy, I might decorate my house like this. But it's things, the point is, is that there's things, when I walked in here, it made me smile because I started seeing things that inspire. And you like to surround yourself. Like if somebody comes in and does an interior design of your office, Ugh. Ugh. Yeah. Ugh. And they go, we, we brought in this amazing fabric from Paris. And you go, but I don't Like It. And I remember when we were doing our house, we were like, I said, look man, you can get things from Target. I don't want to feel that people have to take, I don't want anybody to feel that. That they have to take their shoes off. That's what I don't, I want them to feel that they can scuff up the floor.


Right. Because that's the mark that they made when they walked in my house. Yes. And maybe I don't even like the scuff. I don't like that they walked so heavy. Yeah. But it's their mark. Right. We're all leaving our mark. Right. So I said, that's how I feel about this table. That's why this table has all these stains on it. Seriously. It's good. It has character. Yeah. It's alive. And that's the thing is like when we built our, the ranch, I said there were shelves. I said I want linoleum or what is it? Formica linoleum on the shelves. And we have 150 year old barnwood, but along with linoleum, 'cause linoleum reminds me of like trailer parks and shit. And it just makes me fucking smile. So I saw this thing when I walked in because I have one and that is Ralph Steadman's print that you have.


Oh, okay. The Hunter Thompson. And he's the story. So, so Ralph Steadman, Johnny Depp gave me Ralph Steadman's number 'cause he was close with Hunter. And my son was graduating. My son's an artist and he was obsessed with Steadman. Right. And I, I called Ralph Steadman, he's Hello? And I said, Hey. I said, listen, you don't know me. I'm a friend of Johnny's and this. I said, You know, my son's graduating and like the greatest gift I could ever get him, and this is not just to throw Steadman under the bus Because it comes full circle. But he says, I said, my son's graduating. Can you do like a little thing? I'll pay you for it. Can you do just draw a little thing for him for his graduation? It was a long, long pause. And he goes, why the fuck would I do that?


And so that conversation went nowhere. I was like, what the fuck? What An asshole. And then 20 years went past and my book is designed by one of his proteges. Oh wow. And then, so Joey Feldman, he called me one day and he said, he said, Ralph wants to send you a print. And I said, no way does he know or that we have like a history. And he said, no, I don't think so. So I sent him a voice memo of the history and I said, I never held it against you. I totally understand it. Especially somebody. So he sent me one for my son and one for me. Oh that's, and I had it hanging up in my House. That's cool. I love having that thing man.


He was An interesting artist. He is An Interesting artist. Very. Yeah. I should say he is. But I mean the, the stuff that he did, it's like, that's also in that Gonzo documentary where it talks about how Hunter gave him acid and mushrooms and he just started fucking writing. Yeah. Drawing all really crazy shit. Yeah. And like the thing for, do you remember the thing he did for the, the Kentucky Derby is decadent and depraved. It wasn like the first thing wasn't it? Yeah. I think It wasn how they Got together. See we can find that the Kentucky Derby is decadent and depraved. Yeah. It's a really good article actually. Whoa. It wasn fast dude. Yeah. But look at that. That article is fucking amazing. It's amazing article. It's One of my favorite hunter Pieces.


And I don't think that they spent a lot of time together, but I think honoring him. No, I don't. There's A lot of it in the documentary where they're hanging out together. Really? Yeah. He picks him up at the airport and his VW bug. No, I know it exists, but I don't think that they spent the amount of time that you would think given that they collaborated so much. Oh, I think Ralph was back in Britain and Hunter was, I know. Look at that. Look at that. See that's the kinda shit. Do you miss that? Like is part of driving your car and all that? That's it. That's the thing from the, put your headphones off for a second. Yeah. Take the thing out. For an honest run down the coast, I would start in Golden Gate Park thinking only to run a few long curves to clear my head.


Ah, it's so good. A wavering alcoholic off the whack. But in a matter of minutes I'd be out at the beach with the sound of the engine in my ears surf, booming up on the sea wall and a fine empty road stretching all the way down to Santa Cruz. There was no helmet on those nights. No speed limit and no cooling it down around the curves. Hmm. I love seeing the sand in the road. Yeah. Then into second gear, forgetting the cars and letting the beast wind out. 35, 45. Then into third, not worried about green or red signals, but only some other werewolf floating.


Now there's no sound except the wind. The needle leans down on a hundred, the wind burned eyeballs strain to see down the center line. No room at all for mistakes. Hmm. That's when the strange music starts. That's great. The edge, there is no honest way to explain it because the only people who really know where it is are the ones who have gone over the others. The living are those who pushed their control as far as they felt they could handle it.


And then pulled back or slowed down. But the edge is still out there. That guy was fucking amazing. It's great. It was great. It was fucking amazing. What do you love about his writing and what type? Like fear and loathing? Well, I was just reading Hell's Angels recently actually. That's The book that I go back to most. Yeah. Well that's really him when he was starting. Right. It wasn the beginning of the sort of gonzo journalism stuff because he was kind of mixing in fiction with reality. And that's one of the things that pissed off the Hell's Angels is that he took a lot of liberties with the truth to try to like paint a picture.


Right. Which was his deal. Yeah. Which was his style later on is like exaggerating and kind of romancing his own life. Well he Was out of his fucking mind. I mean Out of his mind. But he was also one of the most brilliant technical writers that ever was. And that's what, that's what's forgotten. Like even people talk about Kerouac and Par Kerouac was like, You know, he wrote on the road and he was on the road And it was Hunter s Thompson type of thing. And you're like, You know, he edited on the road for seven years. Oh wow. And nobody knows that because Kerouac kind of like, You know, he put forth this thing of like first thought, best thought, don't edit. Don't. It was again, that's bullshit.


It's total horse shit. Oh wow. That's why I say it goes back to riders. It's a labor. Yeah. You sit down and you write all the fucking time. My friend Ari, on his laptop, he's got a little piece of paper above the keyboard that says the first draft of everything is shit. That's Hemingway. It's true. It's Hemingway. It's Hemingway. Yeah. Hemingway wrote that. Yeah. You know, his first book, Hemingway's first book was lost by his wife. What? Yeah. She lost it. Yeah. She, oh my God. She had grabbed it for him and was on a train and then she went to the bathroom and actually left the Satchel on the seat. And when she came outta the bathroom it was gone. Oh My God. Never to be found again. Oh My God. Yeah, I know. Can you imagine? Oh my God. All that work.


Did that marriage work out? I don't think So. I bet you did it on purpose. That bitch me. I wish she did it on purpose. That bitch. Yeah. Man, I just, I love writing. I love when someone's a really good writer Because you just get these like moments where you're like, yes. Oh yeah. Oh that's it. Yeah. You know these moments and Hunter had a lot of those moments where you're like, God damnit, that's good. You have so many people who were great young and I know that there's a danger and a chaos within like the vortex within which they lived, but it couldn't survive. Do You know what I mean? Most of them when Hunter got, he was just too fucking alcoholic.


Yeah. And, and Dylan Thomas became too fucking alcoholic. And it's one of those things that you go, yeah. You were literally writing things that aren't possible. You were putting together like wordsmithing things that are That magic. Magic, Yeah. Magic. How he was describing. Yeah. It's that thing. Whatever it is you're doing, how do you get to that place which most people can't touch? Well, you can't neglect your physical health. That's the problem is that in this chase for the muse, in this dance you do with the drugs and the alcohol and the wild writing, and You know, I'm sure you've seen Hunter s Thompson's.


There's a thing that a reporter, he hung out with Hunter s Thompson and detailed what, what a day in the life of Hunter s Thompson is. What, what, who was it? Well, there's a, there's a band called Bey Man. And Bey Man took me and Greg Fitzsimmons reading off Hunter s Thompson's routine, his daily routine before he writes Right. And made a song out of it. It's fucking incredible. Yeah. See if you can find that, because the, the routine was so insane. And this was like, really what he would do. He would wake up like, like a discipline. Two in the afternoon. No, No Chaos. Okay, great. Full on chaos. Here. Let's, let's put this, put the headphones back on. Yeah. Start from the beginning.


Beauty bey, man. The 6:00 AM 3:00 PM Rise Shivas regal with morning papers. You get 3 45 cocaine. Another glass of Shivas, another Dunhill, 4:05 PM by the way, first cup of coffee and a Dunhill. Four 15 cocaine. Another Dunhill. Four 30. Cocaine. Cocaine, lead cocaine coffee. Dunhill. Cocaine At 5 45, 6 o'clock smoking grass. Take the edge off the day. 7:00 PM the day. Three hours into it. Three hours in lit, 7:00 PM large margaritas, panco salad, Dunion rings, carrot cakes and fritter cocaine.


Okay. 9:00 PM start snorting cocaine. Seriously Drops acid. 11, 11:00 PM I don't know what that is. Cocaine and grass. Cocaine, et cetera, et cetera. 12 midnight unders Thompson is ready to write. 6:00 AM Oh. In the hot tub with champagne. 6:00 AM in the hot tub with champagne. 6:00 AM in the hot tub with champagne. So this is like a electronic dance music song that plays in clubs sometimes. Super funny. When did you do that?


It wasn a long time ago. Many years ago. I I Did You ever live like that? No. No. I've never even done Coke. Wow. Yeah. I've never fucked around with Coke. I like psychedelics. I like weed. I like a little alcohol every now and then, but I don't fuck around with anything that's gonna kill me. I'm not interested. Yeah. And I'm not interested in anything that helps My ego that boosts it up, makes me fearless. That s it, I'm not interested in any of that. Yeah. I, I like things that make me scared. I like things that make me nervous. Like things that feel, That's what I were talking about early on. Feel vulnerable. What do you I like to feel vulnerable. I Like It. You like To challenge yourself. Yeah. I think you Don think your perception and how you perceive certain things. I think I like voluntary adversity.


Physical, voluntary adversity, but also I think mental, voluntary adversity. And I think that's what I like about, like psychedelics. I think there's like a, you have to go on like a journey and you can't control it. It's you, it takes you somewhere and then when you're back you realize like, you ain't shit. Just get all that ego stuff outta your system. Relax and just be appreciative and enjoy life and try to spread as much positivity as you can. That's what you're here for. Do your best at everything you do. That's what you're here for. And, And how do you find yourself doing that once you're not on it? Just the incorporation of it into your life. Just Remember, You know, I just, I've, so there's profound moments where I think, You know, change you forever and those, if you can hold onto them, some people don't hold onto them, but it's a matter of intention, right.


It's a matter of like, what are you trying to do? Are you're trying to be better at life? Well, if you're trying to be better at life, you can hold onto it. If you're not, if you're just trying to like, be the man or You know Exactly. You know, and get all the accolades or, You know, win a fucking Grammy or whatever you're trying to do. Like, if that's your real goal, like you're gonna get lost. 'cause it's a shitty goal. How old were you when you took a a hallucinogen for the first Time? 30. I was 13. Whoa. Son. That's a little too early. I wouldn't recommend That. I wouldn't recommend it either, but it, it changed my life. It came and I had, by the way, I took it twice in a 24 hour period. Whoa. So I took it 13, had the greatest trip ever, like, still affected by it. Wow. And then I took it again that night and went to hell.


Oh no. Yeah. I don't know. You Got cocky. No, No, because psychedelics wanted to bring you down a notch. It just, You a little too happy did what it did. It did. It did. And I truly believe that psychedelics, I don't do psychedelics anymore, but I think I did. But I do breath work, I do shit like that. And you go, can you get there? And I go, yeah. I've had some of the most amazing hallucinations I've ever had. Most profound hallucinations I've ever had. Holotropic breathing, breath work with lad going off. And if you do it long enough, you just reach a place. Or if you're in a sauna at 240 degrees for an hour doing breath work. Oh yeah. You're gonna go places. Yeah. No doubt. Sensory deprivation tank. You don't need anything. Don't need anything. And you trip balls.


If they could give you in a pill form what the experience you get from a psych, from a sensory deprivation tank, you'd be a very popular drug. Yeah. And it's completely safe And a productive drug. Yes. Very productive. So there's sensory, you say the sensory de deprivation tank, but I just saw, you can see it online or whatever, where people literally put a thing, they go into a room and there's silence. It's not like a, You know, where they don't talk a meditation retreat or whatever, but they literally go into a room by themselves. They don't see anybody else. They put a thick mask on and they're in for four days. Oh Jesus. Five days. Have you seen that? I Have heard of people doing stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. What about that? Well, I think being alone with your thoughts is uncomfortable for people. And I think a lot of people avoid that.


Yeah. They avoid really thinking and you're forced to really think Yeah. You know, when you're in those sort of situations Yeah. You're, you're forced to be alone with your thoughts, You know? Scary. Well, we're always distracted, You know, we're Distracted. Well, especially now By people and devices and input and news and social media and there's like constantly stuff coming in and sometimes you don't, like, how do I feel about everything? Like what do I even know? Have I ever really considered things like, you need time alone. You need time to think, You know, that's what I really like about, that's why I work out by myself. That's why I Like It. You work Out by yourself. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Unless I'm, You don't like having a trainer. I mean, I've had a lot of trainers.


I I appreciate them Yeah. For technical advice and stuff like that, but this is a meditative aspect of working out by myself. Yeah. That I think is very important. It's also discipline. Like I don't, it's easy to go somewhere and the guy tells you, okay, 10 reps, but I write my own workouts out and I based on that day And how you, you feel. Yeah. Well, I know what I want to do. I, You know, I'm pretty good at it. So I, It's funny, I haven't heard many people say that, but I, I, I, I feel, and it's not just some bullshit like affectation rebellious thing when I'm with it. And I appreciate trainers too. And I've had, I've worked with some great trainers, but they make me want to do less. Why? You know, they go do 10 and I go, but why?


Oh No, you're One of those guys. I'm one of those assholes. I'm one of those assholes. Why? But I will actually push myself if say 12, just for a random word, A random number 12 is my limit. I'm good at pushing myself to 15 or Jeff Cavalier. Do You know who that is? No. Lene X. Oh yeah. Yeah. I've heard of that guy. Yeah. Super smart guy. Yeah. And we would go back and forth and I'd be like, look, if I'm in, if I'm, You know, if I'm at my last three reps, why do we have to rest for two minutes? Like, who said that? Who made that up? Is it really a recovery thing? Two minutes before you can go back into 12 more reps? What if we just rest 30 seconds and then you're right back into that thing almost immediately of what, and those are the things that are tearing the tissues and growing the muscle and all that kind of stuff.


So just experimenting with it all. Again, this lot of schools of thought goes back down to what we watched. Yeah. Of like, what are we doing to just live a little more vividly? How are we pushing ourselves? How are we changing our perception? How are we pushing our perception? Well, It depends on what you're trying to do. Right. If you're just trying to get like conditioned Yeah. Give yourself the minimal amount of rest and do it for as long as possible. Right. And then take time off afterwards for your body to heal and then a get back after it As, as just a base. But it Depends on what you're trying to do. If you're trying to get strong, I always recommend taking out like long, long periods of time in between sets. I take like five minutes, maybe even more in between sets To come back in at your strongest to tell your body. Yeah. But I have long Workouts.


My workout's like two hours, sometimes two and a half hours. Yeah. Yeah. Because I have these long breaks in between. But because of that, it's, You know who Pablo Tolin is? No. He's one of the godfathers of kettlebells. He's one of the first people that introduced Kettlebells to America from Russia. Yeah. And their, their philosophy, his philosophy, his strong first philosophy is that strength is a skill. Hmm. And you don't work on a skill when you're tired. Hmm. So it's all about how many repetitions you do and that's what builds strength. Right. So it doesn't mean you have to do 10 in a row. Like say if 10 is your max, say if you pick up a weight and you could do 10 cleans and presses, and on the 10th one you're like, ugh. His philosophy is do five, do five, wait a long time, do another five.


Hmm. So you've got the 10 in, but you've got the 10 in with perfect form. Right. And then you're still getting the same amount of repetitions, but you're not breaking yourself down to the point where you might get hurt or where you're doing it incorrectly or poor form. So that's how I work out. I talked, I talked to my me too. I talked to my wife a lot about that. My wife would say, because I, I go, I'm all about form. Yes. Because otherwise you just get hurt and what's Fucking point you get hurt. Yeah. I rarely get hurt from lifting weights and that. Have you ever gotten Hurt in Juujitsu? Oh yeah. A lot. Everybody Tears and s Yeah. Yeah. Meniscus and I have surgeries and fucking bulging discs and torn this and torn that. Yeah. You have to Sport. I had Sciatica where you're trying to kill each other.


It's true. You try to get really Good, it's just the nature killing With your body. So I other people are doing that to you. I had sciatica for a year and a half. We bad sciatica. Nine millimeter slip between S five, no L five and S one. How'd you Get rid of it? And they wanted to do surgery. And I had had surgery when I was really young because I had a slipped disc between C five and C six. And they took out part of my hip and they went in through my neck. They moved everything over and they replaced my, my disc part of my hip. Back when they used to do that, they used To play, replaced your disc with part of your hip. Yeah. They would chisel out a part of your hip. A Bone. Yeah. And that's what your disc was now a piece of Bone.


Yes. Now That doesn't even make sense. Your disc is supposed to be Spongy. I know. I don't understand why they put A piece of bone in there. Yeah. And it worked really? It actually worked. Yeah. Dr. Della Morter, I'll never forget his name. Jesus. Mm. Now they, so yeah. And they use cadaver bone for a while. And now they use what? Well, it depends. There's artificial discs. I know a couple people that have artificial discs And it worked. Me and my friend Eddie got it done his lower back. He, he is basically bone on bone constant inflammation. Yeah. So you got a titanium articulating disc that's in his back. What is this Surgeon may take a small piece of bone from the hip called an autograph to use in a neck surgery called interior cervical discectomy and fusion.


The bone is placed between the space, between the vertebra to stimulate bone healing and promote fusion. Oh, so you got your neck fused? Yeah. They call it a brolin graft. Oh, really? No. A a. Wow. So that's, that's different. It's, that's you got your hip, your neck fused Fused. Yeah. Which they probably don't even do fusion. They do. They still do fusions. And if it's a, if it's a massive break or something like that, maybe Yeah. I Don't recommend it. There's other ways you can heal bulging discs. And one of 'em is, there's a, a process called regen. And regen is, I had that done in LA Mm. In Santa Monica. They used to do it in Germany, used to have to go to Germany to do it. And like Kobe Bryant went over there and Peyton Manning went over there.


And what they do is they take your blood out and it's like platelet rich plasma. But if it's, it's a more advanced DRP. Right. It's a more advanced version of it. And they spin your blood in the centrifuge and they add some stuff to it And it turns it into like one of the most potent anti-inflammatories. And then what they do is you'll lie down there and they inject it in your back. They have like these little needles. I think there's an Instagram post of me getting it done on my lower back. And So did you have a slip disc in your lower back? Bulging. Bulging? You know, it's, it's essentially a bulging disc, but it can go back. Bulging disc can go back. But it Wasn my Experience. You, you also have to have traction like decompression. Yeah. So there's a bunch. There it is. So that's my back. I had that done.


So they take that and they stick all that shit, but all that. And they Drill that, don't they? They just put Holes. That's a dr. No, it's just, it's just Needles. It's ne I know it's needles, but it's not like acupuncture. They actually drill that. Then they put that needle in, don't they? No, no, they just shove that needle in place. Oh, okay. I see. It's just like a syringe On each side of your spinal column. Right? Yeah. It's like a syringe. Right. And then inside the syringe they pump in the reine stuff. Yeah. And then it, it fills your, those those areas up with this platelet rich plasma that's been enhanced And it just heals everything. And did you feel Like It helped? Oh yeah. Absolutely. You felt it? It helped my neck so much. My neck was so fucked, jacked. My neck was so fucked.


I was getting numb fingers and pain and my elbow. I have that Now. Do you really? Yeah. You should go, go to that Place. Yeah. And when, when I ride motorcycles also. Yeah. When I have my hands up like that. I mean, I have shoulder issues, but I have a a, that slip disc was a nine millimeter slip. Why do you like to do this? Why not? Why not do this? Why this? Because That looks cooler. Does it not? To me. It looks super cool when you're doing it right now. Looks Exhausted. This looks retarded. This looks retarded. This looks good. This looks like you can avoid things. Put it up super high. You can move Around. Put it up Super high. This is Like, that looks retarded when you have to turn. Yeah. Like How are you gonna turn like that? You're not gonna do a good job. You look like A Gorilla. This is better. This is better. That's what about that? This Is better. What about this? Well, well Ducatis, I mean that's like, you're down like that.


Put it up. Right. That's when I, that's when I finally crashed was at Ducati. Oh Really? You went crazy. No, I didn't go crazy. I didn't do anything differently with Parleys. You go slower. Right? You ride. It's about fast And it's loud so people know you're there. Yeah. Thank you. That's a big one. People go, It's huge. They have electric bikes now. I'm like, do you want die? They're fast. They're so fast. They're fast. But do you wanna die? They're super fast Knows out. Nobody can hear you. Nobody can hear you. If I'm riding in a grid of 16 guys. Yeah. Every, because everybody thinks Hell's Angels. I go, there's nothing about it that's trying to emulate Hell's Angels, Mongols, any of that, You know, one percenter thing. But when you hear that rumble coming down the road Yeah. You can't wait to get the fuck out of the way. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah.


And that helps. That's true. That definitely helps you stay alive. Yeah, man. Yeah. Yeah. Loud pipes, save lives. I've heard that many times. So to finish that thought, I, what I did was, is I went to, I started instead of resting, which is what doctors normally say, there's say, do surgery, do surgery, rest, sleep. See if that helps. If it doesn't help do surgery. And I did the opposite, which later, You know, Laird was like, anytime you get hurt, Laird will be like movement, movement, movement, movement. But this was before all that. But I started working out And it got worse. And it got worse And it got worse. But I continued to work out and I started running and I started doing pistol squats and all this kind of shit. Ooh. And then one day it was gone And it never came back.


Really? Never came back. So you just Beat it out Of you. I beat it outta me. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Movement is everything. You need circulation, You need blood in there. Which is why they do PRP, which is why they do stem cell work or whatever. Yeah. And if you are just sitting there, the problem is you're also gonna, your body's gonna atrophy. You're gonna lose strength. Exactly. And then it's gonna make whatever ex injured that area in the first place, Probably a election, but it wasn promoted by doctors. Why would that always be promoted by doctors? Again, whether it's politicians or whether it's doctors or whether it's, they're telling you, this is, you gotta eat from the four food groups, man, you're gonna die otherwise. And you're like, well, You know, there's a lot to that stuff. But the, the, You know, the Ford Group four food group shit is a lot of it's just people just not knowing what the fuck they're talking About.


That's what I mean. And also pretending like they do, there's different perception back then of like what was healthy versus now. But it's also, a lot of these doctors, they're not athletes and they don't really understand like what's possible with the body. They just know how to fix things when they break. Right. And then for the average person, they say, just rest because the average person's not gonna fucking do what you're doing anyway. No. So it's like, why? Why tell 'em like what you really need to do is movement, constant movement and just beat that injury into submission. That's right. And no one's gonna tell you that. How do I feel better? Lose some weight. Yeah. Like go, go do that uncomfortable thing. Start walking, start slow. Maybe jog a little bit. Maybe lift a little something. That's why when you see those videos of these guys that just for whatever's in their personality, they've had it fucking enough.


They're 400 pounds. And they go, that's it. Buck stops here. Yep. I'm gonna start doing my shit. Yeah. They hit rock bottom. They hit rock bottom. Yeah. And then you see this again, what we were talking about before, incentive, where they just go, I don't give a shit. Well, isn't that the same with everything? Like, isn't that how you quit drinking? You just hit rock bottom. I was Just about to say that. Yeah. Yeah. But you don't, I don't, I hit rock bottom when I was 15. You know, I was shooting coke at 15. Jeez. So yeah. That thing that you didn't want to try. I did wanna try. But it wasn that group. That's why so many of those guys died. Yeah. You know what I mean? So when I look at Hunter s Thompson, who I love as a writer, when I look at Dylan Thomas, who I love as a writer and all these guys that had this kind of amazing life, and I feel too paralleled.


I had an amazing life except nobody cared about mine. People really cared about theirs. I was just Josh that you wanted to stay the fuck away from. Well, like that. Motherfucker's great to spend like an hour with. And then once it hits 10 o'clock Yeah. And the moon comes out and the clouds part, you don't want to be anywhere around. Oh yeah. Yeah. But then you get to that point where you go, when did Hunter s Thompson, when did these guys just become like some kind of clown mask of themselves? Right. Do You know what I mean? Well, In the end, hunter was definitely that. Did you ever see when Hunter was on Conan O'Brien's show? No. It was horrible. He could barely talk. You barely could understand him.


Because everything was mumbling. Was mumbling was every it real weird. And You know, he was, he got in a gunfight with his fucking neighbors. He was like shooting at his neighbors. That's What I mean. And it is, at what point does it turn, He was a full on drunk, but it wasn't just that his body was like rapidly deteriorating. He had hip replacement surgery and, And he was only 67 I Think. That's not old man. No. No. Not that old. That's young. Not that old. For what? How old are you? 57. I'm 56. Yeah. Like my mom died at 55. The whole thing this book became was my mom dying at 55. And me thinking back then, she lived a nice long life. Isn't That crazy? It's fucking crazy. And it turned out that I was 55 when I wrote the book, which I never even Oh wow.


The book kind of dictated itself. And then I went, holy fuck, I'm 55. Wow. I'm super young. Fifties fucking super young. Fifties. Like yes, fifties. I have some joint issues, but I'm young. Right. For the most part. For the most part. Yeah. You're physically healthy, you're not falling apart. Right. You just have a few issues. Yeah. Which is just wear and tear of life. That's it. Yeah. But there's some people that life, if you don't take care of yourself and you, you don't eat well. And there's also a lot of other factors, genetic factors. But you, you could fall apart pretty quick. But if you're a guy like Hunter that's doing coke and drinking every night, you can't do that. No, you can't. It Just won't. And the writing was bad. Like his writing, the only time he wrote anything good in later years was 2001.


Right after nine 11. Right after nine 11, he wrote this great piece. I wanna say it was like, for Sports Illustrated, it was, I, I forget who he wrote it for, but he wrote this really great piece talking about what happens next after the Twin Towers fall. It's like he wrote this thing about waking up in the morning, seeing the Twin Towers fall. Yeah. And then realizing what, what's what's ahead for us? Right. It was very prescient. It was very good. It was very, it was. Was it accurate? I mean, now That it's been Yeah, it was dead on. It was dead on. And, And it was Vintage Hunter. It's like he tapped back into it again. This is it. It's on E-S-P-N-E-S-P-N. That's it. Yeah. ESPN. This is the article. Yeah.


This is the article. Would you send me this article? If it's an article. Article I'll send it Article Yeah. Send too. I would love that. Yeah. But this is, You know, this is the whole thing. Yeah. I mean, what's so great is when you go, I mean this is kind of popping all over the place, but when you go back and you look at all the politicians, whatever side, You know, whatever, whatever red, blue they lean toward, it didn't matter because Hunter was there kind of looking for something different. And it wasn't all about them. Right. When it came down, they all describe Hunter as this like crazy. It was so much fun to hang out with him. But there was never a lack of, he was super intelligent. Yes. And wanted the best for everybody wanted. He was a real, he wanted and A real patriot.


He was A true Patriot. Yeah. Well, did you ever read Fear and Loathing on the campaign trail? Yeah. That's one of the more interesting pieces. Because you got this guy who's following around the campaign trail. Yeah. And he knows he's only in it for this one time. So he is not like any of these other reporters. Yeah. He's just writing a book. Yeah. Do He these other people who are gonna fire him. Yeah. Well, exactly. And not only that, you can't, 'cause he is gonna write a book. Like he's writing a book. S you can't fire him whether you Like it. Yeah. What do you Like It or not? He is writing that book. But You know, he's dropping acid. He is talking to these guys and they're drinking. They're like, he's taking all these like fucking nerdy political reporters. Yeah. And he's introducing them to a perspective that they, they're not aware of. They don't know anybody like that. And the book is fucking incredible. And It's like, but when you see Ganza, when you see, it's funny how much we're talking about Hunter Earth Thompson, but when you see Gonzo, I don't know if it was in Gonzo or another documentary, you see how they're affected by it.


You see a humanity in them because of him that you don't normally get to see. Right. Don't you agree? Yes. Yeah. He made you question a lot of things. Yeah. And when people question things, they're like, what am I doing? Like what? Yeah. Why am I here? Yeah. What is my purpose? Or did I have a purpose when I was young? And I just fell into this political status quo. And He even was questioning, like in the documentary, he was like, I don't even know what people want anymore. They want Hunter s Thompson or they want Gonzo. Like, it's not even me anymore. It's like I'm a prisoner of this thing that I've created. Yeah. And that's, that's the thing that happens to people. Yeah. Where they, they develop this sort of fame, image and persona. Yeah. And then you feel like you're trapped by it. Yeah. And you people have expectations when they meet you.


That's exactly right. Kennison talked about that, You know? Did You know Kennison? No, I did, unfortunately. Did you? I did no shit. Yeah. And not because of drugs, just because I was around What year was this? When did he die? A 90 ish. 2 92 maybe. I was in New York. So it had to be pre 94. Probably 90, Somewhere around then. Yeah. I would say 90. I knew him. 90. 91. Wow. It was through a friend that I met him and then he liked me. Wow. And sweet. Incredibly sweet guy. He was a motherfucker. Dude. Motherfucker. We just got a, this guy does bottle cap art. Yeah. Go to my Instagram, Jamie and see that photo. This guy just made this insane bottle cap art piece of Kinison for my comedy club.


And we put it up last night. Is He a hero Of yours? Oh yeah. He was one of the first. There it is. Wow. That's all bottle caps. That guy with, Oh No shit. Yeah, those are bottle caps if you zoom in. Wow. Man. Yeah, that's like in prison when they use, they use cigarette packs and do, Patricia Arquette gave me a piece of art with a bunch of cigarette packs put together. Oh really? Yeah. They make frames. It wasn it. They made Frames. Oh wow. Same Kind of thing. Yeah. This guy, his, his name is Jam Bottle Cap Art. JAM, bottle Cap Art. He does a bunch of different pieces. Amazing. And bottle cap art. Yeah. He's really good. It's really, really cool stuff. You need my picture outside. I saw all Your mugshots. Your mugshots.


I would love to have a mugshot of you. I'll send you that. Is it good? How, how fucked up do you look? I pretty fucked up. I got a smile on my face when somebody smiles during a mugshot. I always find that really funny. So when you met Kenon Wa was it at a show? Was It just No. Oh, it might've been the Comedy Club. Okay. I'd only been a few times Comedy Store maybe. Sorry. Comedy Store. Well, He was out of there by then. He was out of there by 90. Well, What's the one down the road by where Green Blats used to be? Laugh Factory. Yeah. Yeah. You like those? I do. I love those things very much. The Laugh Factory. The Laugh Factory might have been that. Yeah. He got kicked outta the Comedy Store I think in like 87. No would eight then It wasn't there. Yeah. It wasn probably the Laugh Factory because the, But that's not where I met him.


I met him at a house. Okay. I met him at a house. And I never went to a lot of those parties. I was not just not part of that Sam. I wasn't invited and, but I, but I, I met him and I, he just, he was really sweet man. He would like mellow out. It wasn't like a thing. It wasn't an act all the time. Right. You know, and he, But he was a prisoner to that thing that he became. Oh for sure. Yeah. His brother wrote a great book. It's called Brother Sam. Huh. It's really, really good book. Describing like the ascent of his career and how it fucked him up and what happened to him. And what do you think it was? I mean was drugs. Drugs And partying and just And stratospheric thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Wasn't it instantaneous for him?


Pretty Quick. So in 1986, he's on Roddy Dangerfield's young comedian special. Right. And then he does an insane, to this day holds up HBO Hour. Yeah. And then those two things. And then an album that he made called Louder Than Hell. And those, those things are the best things he ever does. Everything after that becomes like a significant drop off. And in the end, he was basically a caricature of who he used to Be. Yeah. Caricature of himself. Exactly. And he just Was captured. Yeah. But it's also imprisoned. There Wasn't anybody to tell you how to do it back then. Right. Because there was only a few like massively famous comedians back then.


Yeah. There wasn't a lot of us. It wasn't, it wasn't like today. Today there's like a giant community of comedians. We all talk to each other and figure it out together. And everybody's just about making better stuff. Yeah. It's not about like getting hugely famous. The ones that just want to get hugely famous. They're all mentally ill. And usually their, their career drops off. Their comedy starts to suck. They're trying to do the wrong thing. Yeah. So in Kenon, in the beginning, he just wanted to be the best he could be. He just wanted to be really fucking good at comedy. And he coming from this, You know, tent preacher. Yeah. So he is like this revival tent preacher. And then he gets into standup comedy and he has this charisma and Yeah.


This ability to deliver that's so different than everybody else. And he's this short fat guy. So when he talks about being married and living in hell, like, you kind of like empathize with it. Like, fucking guy's. Amazing. Totally. And revolutionized comedy. Yeah. Changed comedy. He was the first guy that I ever saw that made me think I could do comedy. 'cause before then, I loved comedy. I always loved standup. But I loved it Because it was funny. I would just like to watch, You know, Jerry Seinfeld on tv. Oh, these guys are so funny. Isn't that funny? 'cause you're so different than he is. And yet he was the one that you paralleled with that like liberated you. Yeah. Well he was wild. It wasn the thing. I never felt like I fit in. I always felt like I didn't want to be around polite people. I didn't want, like, You know, if a, a girl wanted me to go over her house and have dinner with her parents, I was like, oh Jesus.


They're, I'm fucked. Gonna think they're gonna think I'm fucking crazy. But I was a kickboxer, You know, I was a kid who had, I went from, You know, when I was 15 years old, I got like deeply involved in martial arts. My entire social life up until like 21, 22 was just traveling around the country fighting. And so my, I was feral. Yeah. Like my, my mindset was just, I just didn't fit in. Yeah. I couldn't wear a suit jacket and pretend to be the guy. Did you ever notice, I wa I wasn't that guy. Right. Hello? The things That I great to meet you. Things That I thought were funny, other people would think were fucked up. Yeah. But my fucked up friends would think were funny. Yeah. And those are the ones who talked me into doing standup. But they were equally fucked up. Did you start standup back then In Boston?


In 88. In 88, yeah. Right on. Yeah. And, and I went to see early Kinison in 89. I got to see him live in 89. I gotta see him three times. One time when I was working. Wow. So I was working at Greatwood Center for the Performing Arts and he was performing there. Wow. And I got to see him live. I was a security guard. It was this place in Mansfield. Yeah. This, the whole TaeKwonDo team that I was a part of got. Is That what you did? TaeKwonDo? Yeah, that's what I used to compete in. Oh, No kidding. Yeah. Where'd you compete out Of j Chong? Where Was that? La Okay. TaeKwonDo. Yeah. Yeah. I fought in LA when I lived in Boston. I fought in Anaheim in the Nationals. Right on. I, I traveled all over the country competing.


That's all I did. And one of the guys who worked with us, one of the guys who trained with us got a job as a security guard. And You know, the guy was like, Hey, do You know any more guys? We know how to fight. Yeah. Like we, we need more guys like that to work for us. Yeah. They just hired a bunch of us. Right. And so we got to see all these crazy concerts. Like, I gotta see Bon Jovi, I gotta see Bill Cosby. Which was kind of crazy in retrospect. Yeah. I saw Rodney Dangerfield and Rodney Dangerfield was, there was this backstage area and Rodney Dangerfield was naked with a bathrobe on. And that's how he would go on stage. And the end of his career, like Rodney would go and by the way, murdered.


I mean I was fucking, I had people on the floor crying, laughing. Yeah. He was probably, I don't know how old he was in 89. Yeah. But he was old. Yeah. And this fucking guy was just on stage with a bathrobe on naked and he had killing it. Had a giant hog, was like hanging out of his fucking pants. And he was just, just hanging out smoking pot. And then he would go on stage with a bathrobe on. Yeah. And just kill. But he, because he wanted to be comfortable, You Know. How did other, how did other comedians feel about him? Oh, they loved him. They loved him. Everybody loved everybody. Loved him. Loved Rodney. Rodney was one of the most universally loved comedians ever. 'cause he helped other comedians. Yeah. Like Rodney Dangerfield, he did these things.


The Rodney Dangerfield specials, like Rodney and friends. And so he would have, he introduced the world to Dice Clay. Sam Kinison. Robert Shimel. Yeah. Lenny Clark, Dom Ira. Mm. Like some of the greats. And they all came out of his Rodney Dangerfield and Friend specials. That's so cool. They were some of the greatest specials ever. Yeah. Because he would have all these guys that he thought were worth seeing. Yeah. And he would put them out there to the world and they all became superstars. I mean that's how Sam Kinison launched. Yeah. He launched from Rodney. From Rodney. Right. And so Bill Hicks, a lot of people launched from Rodney. And so everybody loved Rodney. He was just Loved. I know he's your buddy. And I, You know, because comedians, I used to listen, I used to have six albums and one was a bloody red vinyl.


Remember the red albums? You see a red album? Okay, sure. Yeah. Yeah. And it was sick. And I don't know where I got them. I think I got them from like a flea market or something. But they were Lenny Bruce. Oh Yeah. And it wasn the beginning. He was the first. He was the first. He was the first real modern standup comedian. Everybody else just told jokes. Yeah. Like two guys walking into a bar. Totally like that kind of shit. Totally. He was the first guy it wasn like, why do we do this? And why is that? Like what is this? We questioned it. Yeah. Questioned authority. And people would come to see him because in the sixties everybody was so confused at like how to think like what Yeah. What are we doing? And this guy was like this and How do we treat each other? Yes. And then, and then you'd literally point people out and he'd go Hebe and kike and there's a mick.


Yep. And people would go, what The fuck. Right. He Right, right, Right. At the most tense time. And And then he'd bring it around And he, that's why it reminds me of Chappelle, because Chappelle would get so seemingly or ostensibly inappropriate and then somehow bring it around. Bring it around. Yeah. And you go fucking Jesus. Dave's a master's master and he's a real artist. Yeah. That's a guy. Like, You know I talk about like people that only start thinking about money. Yeah. That's not him. That dude lives in fucking Springfield, Ohio and just travels around and just does a lot of shows for no money. He does a lot of shows for, for no money. Show up. He just shows up, show performs, show up. One time I was in Denver and I get off stage. It's first show, second show Friday night.


So it's 10 o'clock show show's over. I get off stage, I go into the green room, Dave's there. I go, Dave, what are you doing here man? He goes, ah, I thought I'd come out and visit you just hops on a fucking private jet and flies to Denver. 'cause he knew I was there. Didn't even tell me. Just shows up so fucking cool. And then I go, do you wanna go on stage? He goes, oh shit. I go, fuck. Yeah. So I ran out while the people were leaving. Well they were, the show was already over. I go, everybody tell everybody on the stairs, come back. Dave Chappelle's here. Crazy. So they all come back in and sit down again. And how long did they go out for? It does like 45 minutes. And it was right around when Trump was doing, when he got caught saying grab him by the pussy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it had like 10 minutes about grab him by the pussy. Like It was fucking genius. It was so Good off the top of his head though.


Oh no. He, I mean, I don't know exactly how Dave creates, How designed it Is creates material. Yeah. Dave, I think what Dave does is spends a lot of time thinking and listening to music and coming up with ideas. Yeah. And he writes some stuff down. But a lot of what he does is just performs constantly. He's constantly on stage working these things out. You said earlier artist and that's The difference. He's a real artist. That's the difference between somebody who's just good at what they do. Yes. And somebody who is an innate artist. He's a real artist. He's a hero of mine gets, he's a hero of mine too. He's a good friend. But he gets these giant deals with Netflix where he makes a lot of money. Yeah. Which is great. Yeah. But he doesn't do it for money. Yeah. He's doing it for No, but what you can tell is he, he gets these like, oh, he turned down $50 million.


He went crazy. He moved to Ohio or whatever the fucking story is that you wanna make up. But then he comes back, he makes these 20 million deal dollar deals with Netflix. But it's never in place of his agenda. No. It's all about the art. It's all about Comedy. It's all about this wins. This wins. This is the priority. Well That's why he left his show because they were twisting it. Of course. Distorting It. I know it. Why he left his show. Yeah. Because I've been in that position where you go, this is turning into some corporate version. Right. Of what you like. You love what I do now you can't wait to put your fingerprint on it. Exactly. That's It. That's exactly what it was. So you can take, so you can go, You know, it wasn me And he gave up 15. I made him, I Gave him that 15 million when no one was giving 15.


Nobody would fucking do that. Quit doing comedy for 10 years. And You know what he would do? He would occasionally show up in a park with like a fucking speaker. Really? And just show up and do standup. No way. Yeah. Yes he did. He did. In Seattle. I know he did in Seattle. 'cause a friend of mine was at the show. Wow. He shows up, he, he goes, Dave Chappelle just shows up in this fucking park. And he, he gets a speaker with a microphone and he just starts talking respect. And people just gather around respect so much. He was just doing these like shows, these impromptu shows. He would show up in a bar. That's great. Can I go on on stage? And they would go, okay. And he would just Start talking knowing in his mind that he would eventually come back. No, it wasn just the present moment. I think he Is what I Be an artist. Just Being an artist for the pure sake of being an artist.


So he had the money that he did make off Chappelle's show and he decided to like live frugally and take that money. And he didn't do anything for money for like 10 fucking years. He just raised his Kid and then he started coming back. Yeah. And then when he started coming back, I remember him coming around the comedy store again and we had some conversations about it and he just, You know, he just decided to start doing comedy again. And then he, You see people getting canceled now and it's devastating to them. And yet that's what it wasn. He just did it himself. Right. He canceled. Canceled himself. He canceled himself. Yeah. He canceled the greatest catch show Of all time. Of all time. Yeah. Of all. And it only did two seasons. It's still the greatest. But that's not something that you see very often. It's somebody who just fucking can't help but beat to their own drum.


Right. But the art wins in the end. Right. The art wins. You Know what I mean? For him. Do You know what I mean? Well it's obviously when you see him, he's so good. He's not malicious. He seems to, there are moments where you think he's malicious. And again, he brings it around in the end. Well the malicious is just to heighten the humor. It all just like brings it in. And it also accentuates like some thoughts that you might have about whatever he's talking about. But It's what everybody's thinking. Yep. Exactly. It's so fucking terrified to say. That's why I, everybody's thinking even me. Yeah. I'm watching it and I'm the inappropriate guy, You know? And my dad goes, how the fuck do you say what you say? And I don't understand. I go, You know what I said, honestly, do you want to know? 'cause I'm not ultimately mean. I don't want, I don't want to fucking hurt.


I don't want people to feel less than I do. Right. But I watch Chappelle and even me, I'm like, oh fuck. Wow. Yeah, he watched that line. He gets out there and walks that line. But he dances around it and he makes it beautiful comedy. I Appreciate it so much. 'cause without him we're all fucked. And he's the way to find out if a comedian's a cunt. Like if a comedian doesn't like Chappelle, they start shitting on Chappelle. Like, oh, Okay, then, You know, he is cunt. You're A piece of shit. A piece. You're a piece of shit. You're just a garbage human. Have you ever met anybody like that? Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. A lot of these, He's not a real comedian. There's a lot of He's an asshole. Yeah. There's A lot of, a lot That's not comedy Activist comedians and what they are is really not talented.


So they've glommed on to this idea of like being like socially conscious. Yeah. And that's more important than the humor itself. But nobody wants to hear you preach. Yeah. Nobody, nobody thinks that your opinion is better than theirs. This is what I always say. Like, if you go on stage, you have an opinion. Like other people have an opinion too. Like if you go on stage and say, You know, I think Kamala Harris would be the greatest president of all time. A lot of people are like, well I don't agree. But you have to have a way to make it funny so that they laugh. The people that disagree with you laugh. Like, I don't even think this guy's correct. But God damn. That's funny. And that's a way you can introduce an idea into someone's head that maybe would never accept that idea. It was just opinions. So if someone's on stage and they're just saying opinions, like you could, you could disagree with that opinion.


It'll frustrate you. And you, you can't talk, you don't have your, but if that guy can take that opinion Yeah. And that perspective and make it funny and you're forced to acknowledge that he has a point. Yeah. Like there's something in there. Like, I don't even agree with that, but fucking God damn it, wasn good god damn it, wasn good. And that's the Real it liberates man. Yes. That's the real Chappelle art. That's what he Really, I mean, not that we'll stay on this forever, but remember Eddie Murphy when he did what? Not the first, not raw, but Delirious. Delirious. Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, he was a fucking powerhouse man. Powerhouse to this day. That is the guy that I just wish I was friends. I was friends with his brother Charlie. Yeah. But I wish that guy, I wish he would come back.


You know, I know he got like some weird stuff. Where he got arrested was, was Trent Sexuals in his car and stuff, whatever. So did other people, Whatever. They came back. He's just too good. He's too good. He's too good. Do you ever see when he, he gave a speech. He got like, I think it was like one of those Mark Twain awards or something like that. Mm. And he did stand up, like where he hasn't done standup in forever, but he was talking about Bill Cosby having to give his awards Back and No. Yeah. Because You know, he does an amazing Bill Cosby impression. Yeah, No, I Remember. Yeah. And so he, he, he did stand up And it was as sharp as ever. And like, God damn, this guy came back. He was, And it was just off the cuff. It was something that Oh, I'm sure he prepared it. No, I'm sure he prepared, but nobody really knew he was gonna do it.


Right. Well, They knew he was gonna give a speech. Right. And his speech was essentially standup was standup. You know, his acceptance speech Was like 20 minutes or 15 minutes of Standup. Yeah. And it was fucking great. And there was all these rumors that he was gonna start doing it again. I remember Charlie told me that Dave was thinking about doing it again, or that Eddie was thinking about doing again. But he never did it. He never did it. He never, I think it's just too heavy. We need comedians. I mean, that's like the theme of this whole thing is whether you're talking about Hunter, whether you're talking about this, it's just too bad that they self-destruct, whether it be from drugs Yeah. Or fame or whatever. And You know what I mean? It's Hard man. Its, it, it's Hard to, To maintain. It's really, and then once you make it, there's these weird Pressures, but it breaks up the status quo of this contraction.


Especially that we're fear. I know. That's why people move to Austin. It wasn just like, I'm fucking sick of being told to think a certain way. Well that's why comedy and Austin worked so well. Yeah. Because we all moved here at the same time. Yeah. We all moved here in 2020. Like I was, I was here because, well, Ron White moved here first. And Ron White is a dear friend of mine and he moved here before the pandemic. And Ron was like, I don't wanna live in LA anymore. I fucking love it here. There's no traffic. Fucking food's. Great. Fucking people are nice. I can travel. I fly. I'm in the center of the country. I can fly anywhere real quick. Right. And I was like, damn, could I live in Texas? I'm like, I don't know about that. And then Covid came and Right.


I'm like, my wife was kind of interested a little bit, but then when the riots started happening in LA then she got really scared. She got very, Like, It was a lot of like home invasions. There was a lot of crazy shit. It wasn happening. Where Is she from originally? She was from Colorado. Okay. Yeah. So not in LA born. No. Yeah. No. No. And so she lived in LA with me for a while and we, we were happy. Yeah. You know, we lived in Bell Canyon, which was like outside of la It's nice, peaceful. Had a little Land Co. But you're still in LA and Hawks and shit. Yep. Yeah. Well for me it was okay because I had quiet where I lived and then I could drive into the comedy store. Yeah. And I loved it. But then when they shut the comedy store down, they shut everything down and the rise. And I was like, maybe they're not gonna let us go back.


This is like, these fucking cocksuckers have control now. Yeah. And that's what they like, that's why they became politicians in the first place. They like telling people they can't work. Mm. They're they, they have a grip on society and they're gonna fucking keep this grip. We gotta get the fuck outta Here. So did you move sight unseen? Did you move Just, did you just come, came, did you find a place? Or did you, you came and you hung out for a While? I came looking to see if I could deal with it. We took a like a few days off and we flew to Austin with some friends who were also thinking about doing it. Right. None of them wound up moving here. A couple of 'em moved to Dallas. Mm. But we, we came here and then one of the things that helped my daughters were 10 and 12 at the time. They were real young and they were real confused about what was going on in la It was spooky.


Mm. You know, you had to wear a mask everywhere. And that freaks kids out. Like It was just, it was freaky. It had amazing on kids Came no masks. Yeah. You'd go to restaurants and we had this great real estate lady and this great, she's a good friend now. And she took us to see, we wanted to see this house. And she took us on a ride on a boat. She had a friend to take us on the lake. We go on the lake, people are playing Leonard Skinner. They're jumping in the water. They're laughing and singing. And in LA everybody's thinking like the world's gonna end. There's demons In the air. No man. I was in, I was in New Mexico and I was out on a hundred thousand acre ranch. Whoa. Right. Whoa. And we were doing outer range. We were doing the first season of our show and we were tested every morning.


And when I was out in the middle of nowhere, I mean with like good 15 mile an hour winds, you'd have somebody come up if I put my mask down to talk, you'd have somebody go, Yeah. Yeah. And I'd be like, there's no, we're in the middle of nowhere. Also. It doesn't even work. It doesn't work. It's stupid. The mask, I'm, I'm not even saying that I have a certain belief system or anything. But in provable in that moment. Yeah. Provable that they don't work. Provable. Yeah. And people lost their fucking minds. Lost their, And it was a stress test. And so we came out here, I bought a house like Quick and I was here. Is it still the same house you have now? Yep. Really?


It's cool. We, we looked at the house in May. I was living in it in August. Mm. And we were here and then my kids started gonna school out here. They loved it. I loved it. Right away we were performing and then we were doing shows inside where everybody's like, this is crazy. You guys are doing shows indoors because Texas didn't give a fuck. They're like, do shows like, like a couple months after Covid. They're like, eh, open it up. And So what are the numbers of people who got Covid? You know, I've never had Covid. You Never got it at all? No, dude, that's Crazy. I never got it. I don't know if that's a blood type. I don't know what is that. Maybe You're healthy. Maybe I have it right now. I haven't been cold right now. Maybe I, Sorry. Dude, the new Covid is a joke. It's like, yeah, I, I, well we used to test every day.


We used to like everybody that came in. 'cause I wanted to be compliant. Yeah. I wanted people to be real safe. Yeah. People were flying out here to do podcasts. I wanted to make sure that there You're Not a dick. And so we tested everybody before every show. And one time I came in and I had the sniffles and I was like, maybe it's Covid, maybe it's Covid. And the nurse was like, actually you have Covid. I was like, no way. I'm like, this is the new Covid. Like this is covid. But I had it once And it like famously got in trouble for saying that I didn't get vaccinated, but I got healthy And it was the CNN attacks and all that shit. And then the second time I got covid, it was literally sniffles. Yeah. And it was gone and like a day or two. So were the numbers different in Texas than anywhere else? I Don't know. I'm Curious. Would be, I mean, the numbers were all like the, the, the real people that got sick are the people with comorbidities.


It wasn the real issue. It it would it expose? And It's not that it didn't exist. It did. Because I have a brother-in-law who was in New Orleans in the epicenter of it, And it was the beginning of his residency and all that. And he was like, oh bro. Oh, it fucking existed. I mean, it was fucking gnarly. Yeah. If you are really unhealthy, COVID fucked you Up. Fucked you up if you were really fat. In particular, there was something about the way it reacted. African Americans too. He said That's a vitamin D thing. That's a vitamin D thing. Yeah. Well, You know, African Americans, the reason why they're so dark, the melanin is to protect them from the sun. Right. And melanin in, in white people. The reason why they're so pale is 'cause it acts as like a fucking solar panel for vitamin D. Right. It's a sponge. Right. The melanin actually protects them from the sun's damage.


Right. And, but it also makes it more difficult for them to get vitamin D. So my friend did his residency in New York and he said during the winter time we would do blood panels on people and they would've undetectable levels of vitamin D. Wow. And this is the reason why people get sick in the winter. Yeah. You're covering up, you're indoors most of the time. You're not getting any vitamin D, you're not getting any sun if you're not supplementing. And not just with vitamin D by the way, you have to mix vitamin D with K two and magnesium. That's the most effective way for your body to process it. If you're not doing that, your immune system is shit. It's not that you're giving, you're not a living Petri dish and you're giving each other the thing. Because you would do that in the summer too, but the minute you go outside and you get that at vitamin D. Right. And you get that sun, it's burning it away.


Yeah. Well you're out in the sun. It's protecting you're healthier. Yeah. You're supposed to be outside. Yeah. We're not designed to get locked up. Understand. In fucking cubicles. Right. And fluorescent lights all day, it's not normal. Yeah. So it's not healthy. And if you don't do something to mitigate that and the, the counteract that your, your metabolic health is gonna suffer if you're not fit, if you're not healthy, if you're overweight, if you're not eating well, if you're not taking vitamins. All those things are a huge factor. Yeah. It wasn completely ignored. Yeah. And the narrative was like, no, you need this novel injection that we haven't tested on anybody. We're gonna fucking shoot it in every baby, every kid, every pregnant woman. Did you ever take one? No, I almost did.


I didn't think it was a bad thing. Like this whole pandemic is through education and talking to doctors and also through my experiences has completely changed my concept and my thought about the medical system when the vaccine was first available, I was more than willing to get it. In fact, the UFC allocated like 150 vaccines for all their employees. And we were doing these covid shows where there was no audience. Mm. So we would do it at the Apex in Vegas with the UFC has their own small arena. And we'd have the fights there. And you'd go and get tested. I remember I wouldd get tested in Austin. I'd fly to to Vegas. And then they test me again. And you weren't supposed to go anywhere. You just stayed in your hotel.


And then you showed up and did the fights. And then they got the allocations to the vaccine. And I called up the doctor and I said, Hey, I'm here for the fights. Can I get vaccinated? They said, sure, come on in. And then when I got there, I called the doctor and said, actually, you have to go to the clinic. We have to do it at the clinic. Can you go on Monday? And I said, I can't. I have to go back to Austin, but I'll be back in two weeks for the next fights and we'll do it then. And he said, great. In that two weeks they pulled the vaccine because people were getting blood clots. And then also during that two weeks, two people that I knew had strokes. Wow. Like one guy was in his fifties and one guy was in his forties. Immediately following the vaccination, within Days of the vaccine, even days got strokes. And I, I had a bunch of friends that had complications.


One friend who has a, a pacemaker, I have a second friend now that has a pacemaker. And there was all these things that just kept half pace. Pacemaker, pacemaker case they'll have for the rest of their lives. I don't know. It, it depends on whether or not your heart heals. Like how bad the damage is. Right. What? But his heart would stop, it would stop beating for like nine seconds at a time. Wow. Man. And he would just faint. And he was falling down. Right. And You know, Dr. Drews talked about this, about he believes that's what happened to a lot of people. That got boosted. A lot of people, like after the booster, like there's some something that would happen where your heart would just stop beating for a while and you'd black out And it would start up again. And it, You know, Because it wasn't proven. It wasn't a proven thing.


But there again, how many of them are proven? Because You know, that's what you said. What, 72 73 shots? Yeah. Well that's a different kind of vaccine. No, but I understand that. But there's still vaccines. Yes. And you go, why so much more now? Is there that much more disease? It's Money. It's, I think it's money. It's all based in money. I mean, I'm not an anti-vaccine person, but, but look, I subscribe to Robert f Kennedy's perspective. Like they should all be tested. They should be safety tested and they're not. You know? But it comes down to this thing like we were talking about working out. It comes down to this thing where you go, listen, the medical community I can use Yeah. For certain things. The holistic community I can use for certain things. Why do I have to deny Right. One just to be full in on the other.


Right. Exactly. I mean, well, You know, it's just a narrative that they put out there that medicine and pharmaceutical drugs are the most important thing. And everything else is bullshit. And Everybody should take Oxycontin. I mean everybody should be on Yeah. The exactly. Family. At least Oxycontin Day. Yeah. Help you feel better. Yeah. You'll feel better. Just like, oh, I feel better life. Yeah. You don't have to do anything you don, it's helping you don to feel bad about it. So when we came here, it wasn. The thing was like everybody who came here was kind of like, fuck this. Mm. And then there were so many of us that Ron talked me into opening up a comedy club. I Remember Ron, you opened your own. Yeah, Ron went on stage like for the first time in like months, like, I think it was eight months.


And he grabbed me by the shoulders, like right after God. I mean, he fucking crushed. He goes on stage this giant standing ovation, he crushes and he comes off stage. He grabs me by my shoulder. He goes, whatever the fuck we have to do, we're gonna keep doing this. He goes, you gotta open up a club. I go, okay, I'm gonna open up a club. Yes sir. And Then I just started looking at club spots. How often do you do it? Almost, I mean every week. But there went on last night three times. The one they did three sets last night. Wow. Yeah. That's cool. I'm constantly working. Yeah. Do You know Robert Rodriguez? No. The, the director? Yeah. No, I don't know him personally. That's, I'm aware of him. It surprises me. Yeah. That's who I'm doing. I'm at the Paramount Theater tonight.


I love that guy. Yeah. I love him. Yeah. I've done one to, I've known him for 30 years. Oh, I'd love to meet him. Yeah. But no, I've, I love his work though. Yeah. Super good Guy. Yeah. And he plays at Antoine's a lot. Oh yeah. Anton's. Yeah. Anton's. That's what it Is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's Gary, right. Is still at Jr's place. Is it? Yes. My friend Gary. I didn't know. So I friends, friends with Gary. So my wife knows Gary's wife really well. Oh, my wife knows Gary's fa wife really well. Oh Shit, dude. I met somebody on the plane who sat next to me. So I flew from New York. They, they sent a picture to my wife of you. Yes. Yes. Wait, wait, wait. Today. Wait, Wait, Wait. Bentley, I don't know the guy, the guy's name. I don't know the guy. No, no, no, no, no. The guy that I met on the plane today.


Right. He said, what are you here doing? I said, oh, I'm gonna see Brogan this afternoon. I'm doing Paramount Theater tonight. And he said, oh, that's so funny. And he didn't talk to me the whole flight. And he said, my son Bentley went out with Rosie. Yes. That's what it's for a year. Yes. That's what it's, so he sent a photograph to my wife. Yeah. Because I took a photograph with him that he sent to His wife. Yeah. So I saw today right when I was leaving, my wife shows her the photograph. That's Fucking funny. It's crazy. That's crazy. Small world. It's my really small world. Super, super small world. Yeah. But yeah. So, yeah. That's cool. Gary's wife and my wife are good friends. Yeah. So I've never met Gary. Ah, he's the best. But man, I love him. He's the best. I mean, that's another about real Artist. A true artist That's an artist. I mean, he's an artist. Another true artist.


I was just with him. I did his video. I was asked to do a lot of video and I've never done a video. 'cause I've never wanted to do a video. The idea of doing video seems weird to me. You're like, You know, singing somebody else's song or something like that. But Chris Stapleton, who's been a friend for a long time. Oh, love podcast. So we were in Mar Togethers. Has he? Yeah. I love that Guy. One of the greatest fucking guys. He and Morgan. One of the greatest people. So yeah, we were together over the weekend in Marfa, Texas. Oh, that's fucking cool. Yeah. It was awesome. Yeah. There's, I mean, and Gary's another guy that I knew back in la. I met Gary at the comedy store. And then Doesn't He still live in la? No, he lives here. Oh, he does. Full Time. Yep. And that's the same thing, like when I talked to Gary about it, I go, why'd you move to Texas?


And this was back when I was still living in la. He goes, man, fuck that. Right. Fuck that place. Fuck everything about that place. I don't Like It. Well, I told you I don't feel good there. I just moved out of, we haven't moved to Austin. I've spent a lot of time here. I love it here. My mom's from Corpus Christi. I've spent a lot of time in Texas. I'm gonna eat Whataburger while I'm here. Ha ha. And, but I, You know, we moved to Santa Barbara recently and it's one of those things, it's just like, there's the thing about LA when you don't need, Because you can do so many things remotely. And you go, why am I Here? Right. Right. Why am I here? Like I embraced this staunch thing of I'm a Californian and I loved going to New York and seeing how proud people were in New York. And I'd go back to California and I'd say, I wanna be the one proud person that's in California.


There was proud people in LA for a while. There were, for a while, we were all proud that we were LA Comics. Yeah. There were LA comics were like a different thing than New York comics. Right. Because New York comics were all like, for themselves. They were all kind of shitty and backstabbing. And at the Comedy Store we had a real community. There was like We were. And that's the best thing. And what you've done is recreate it. Like even when I talk about a chopper community, that's what it is. It's a community that you can rely on. Yes. Regardless of belief system or anything like that. You go, but that guy has my back. Yes. Yes. That guy will walk through fire for me. Yes. That guy wants me to do Well That's your people. That's my people. Yeah. And that's the same thing with all my People moved out here. They moved out here with me.


So we have like 16 top shelf comedians move out here in the first two Years. Wow. That many, There's so many clubs out here. There's five clubs on the street where my clubs are. That's crazy. I bought the old Ritz Theater. Yeah. So that's the comedy mothership now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And down the street there's a Sunset Club that my friend Brian owns. And that's a club that's like five doors down from me. So All these are new clubs. That's happened in the last four years. The Vulcan was already there. It wasn the club that we started working at when we came here. That's down the street from me. Yeah. That's only like a block away. That's, and then there's the creek in the cave. Another comedy club that's only like two blocks away. There's a bunch of 'em just on this one street. What if I move here and open a club and just do monologues? Do you think people will come?


Sure. Different. They probably, if it's good ladies and Gentlemen, this one's from Saria. If It's good, people would go. They might, they might. You look man, you fucking, you really have a passion. It is a weird artsy city, which I Love. It is a great artsy city. It is. It is. There's a lot of fake artists or I know, But there is everywhere. Yeah. There's a lot of posers. Yeah. But that's all people that just like, like the idea of them being the one who decides what's real and what's not real. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Just goofs. You're always gonna have that. There's a lot of that that they hated us when we came here. Hmm. But really what they didn't like is that you couldn't just fuck around anymore. The real killers were here now. Yeah. The real top shelf, like national headliners. Guys like Tom Segura and Tim Dylan and these animals moved into town.


So this is like a new hub. It's the hub of the world for comedy. Right. The comedy mothership is the hub of comedy in the world. That's wild. Yeah. And it just, I didn't know that. And it just opened two years ago. That's cool. It's packed every night. It's, it's awesome. Like, Dave came down like opening week. It was incredible. And no one knew he was there. So I did a set. And then after I did a set, I I, I, I introduced him and everybody just went fucking ape shit. Yeah. And we were like, it's up. Like the club's rolling now. This is now, now it's really happening. And then all these people were coming in from all over the country. And a bunch of people moved here and there. There's people moving here constantly. Shane Gillis moved here and all these guys moved here. And it Just, so it's still happening. Oh Yeah. It's, people are still, still Growing.


Still migrating in drove. We've we're talking about opening up another club 'cause it's, we're so packed every night and we have so many comics. Yeah. We almost have too many comics. And not enough room. Has the place grown a lot in the last four years? I mean, the city, I mean, other than people. Yeah. Oh. But you see a gentrification of it or just like things that you go No. You see a lot of tech bros have moved here because, You know, Google moved here. And Facebook and Tesla. I remember when Jesse James moved here, which was a while ago. He moved here a long time ago. Right. Long time Ago. Yeah. But I remember when he moved from Long Beach. Yeah. And he called me and he was like, it's fucking Great here. It's fucking great. It's better. Yeah. I just never will live in a place that has traffic. Mm. Ever again. I'll never live in a big city. Austin's like a million people. Yeah.


It's a million on the outside and a million in the city. It's nothing. Yeah. It's easy. That's cool. It's easy to get around. People are friendly. Yeah. They're, they're they, they're just like real people there. There's no one here that's like connected to that machine that, that, that forced compliance. Why do you think that feeds into your, or like, to me being in LA when everybody's talking about what's your status right now? What's your, the thing about is your, all people care about is are you killing? Are you going on stage and fucking killing? Yeah. Are you doing your best work? Are you doing it period. Yeah. Yeah. Are you doing your best work? Like do you care? Yes. Do you give A shit? Yes. Do you really care? Are you really working on it?


Are you really? Are you just another affectation? Yeah. And if you're at that club, you have to be working on it. 'cause there's too many people that are working on it. Yeah. There's too many killers. You can't just be lazy. Yeah. You won't survive. There's too many killers. I Wanna go to this club. Anytime. Yeah. Go tonight. Cool. If you wanna come tonight. Well, I got this thing to Do tonight. When's your thing? What time is it? I Don't know. Eight, seven. We Have a seven o'clock show and a 10 o'clock show. Really? Maybe I'll Come after this. Come after. Come hang out. Jelly Roll was there last night. Really? Was He really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. Jelly roll's the man, he's here all the time. He's always hanging out here. Do You have my book? I do not. You don't? No, I do not. Nobody sent it to me. They did it. Probably went to a publicist or someone. I was gonna bring a book for you. I'll buy it.


Josh Brolin From Under the Truck. Why wife? From Under the Truck. Why do you think? Because That's where you were drunk. Passed out. That's where my mom's boyfriend was drunk and passed out. Oh. But it has this to me, I chose it Because it has a double entendre that when you're under a truck, you're either fixing it or getting run over by it. Ooh. Hence my life. Ooh. I'm either getting running, run over by it or fixing it. How Did you sort it out? 'cause you're so together now. Am I? Yeah. I think you are. Thank you. You're fun. Thanks man. For you. Fun people are together. If you can be fun. You're together. I think I'm at that place. I found a place that you have always been at that I didn't have.


I had the opposite. Where you go, no, I didn't do cocaine because, and forget the drugs. It's the mentality. I didn't do cocaine Because it would kill me. And I would go, oh, that stuff will kill You. Yeah. Let's, let's just walk that line. I always wanted to walk that line. And I had a mother that walked that line. The, the book is very mother heavy. Hmm. Very, very mother heavy. And it would, wasn't intended to be. It just turned out that be my, that's why I wanted to fuck. I wish I had a book. No worries. I'm, I would buy, I wanted to read you a section of the LSD 13-year-old LSD thing. Ooh. Because it's fun. Yeah. It's juicy. Yeah. You like juicy stuff. I do. And I want to read you juicy stuff. I Can. 13 LSD is so wild.


That's such a crazy mind blowing experience for a 13-year-old to have. Yeah. Can you imagine? 'cause you look at, I mean, I had, I had kids when I had my first kid. I was 20 years old and I was looking at 14 years in prison. Oh my God. Yeah. So Jesus Christ. So I, that's why I didn't, I I missed my shot out there. I was surprised. It's Johnny Cash. We'll get it. There's, We're gonna order it. Find, find Josh Brolin. Oh yeah. See if it's there. I think there's a couple. Get a big mental print of it. I think it's a couple That I'm proud of it, but Well, It's part of your life and it's why you're you today because you've gone through shitty experiences. Yeah. But I don't know if they're shitty.


That's what I haven't, I haven't decided whether they're shitty or whether they're necessary for this person to get to this place. And not everybody gets to that place. So we're talking about all these people like Hunter s Thompson. Hunter s Thompson is my mother man. Just did, she wasn't a good writer. Oh. But everything that you, the song Right. It wasn my mom. My mom had a nine loaded nine millimeter at her bedside table. Oh Jesus. Jesus. All the time. She was part of the, what was the scam that went on in the eighties? The pyramid scam. Oh, remember that? Yeah. She was one of the top five winners of the pyramid scam. Oh boy. She could talk anybody into anything. So she would come home literally man with bags, with grocery bags full of cash.


Wow. And she'd dump it out and she'd say, count Jesus. So I would sit there and Wow. You know what I mean? And she'd put them and I finally found, I think she had hidden some in her dresser and that there was like a loose board that she Right. Took away and put money in there. And I found it and bought some drums When my grandmother died. We found stuff like that in her house. 'cause my grandmother went through the depression. Oh yeah. And so everybody went through that mentality. They all like stockpile money. So she had coffee cans. Yeah. Filled with money that she had like tucked away in like different areas of the house. Right. That we found after she died. Right, right. It's kind of great. Yeah. The mentality of like, yeah. Well the, the mentality you grow up or you literally might starve to death.


There's no food And you become, there's no way that can affect you. And that's the whole point. No way. There's no way that somebody can have that mentality if every scent means something. Right. And we have to hide it unless somebody else takes it or whatever. With my mother, it was always looking for the most vivid experience. And I don't know why it wasn her parents weren't like that. It's just how she was, how she was wired. And then you either have My brother, I don't know if you have siblings or not, but My brother dealt with it totally different. My, My brother imploded. And so he lives his life as simply as you can possibly live it. Hmm. Whereas me, it was, my reaction was the other way. Yeah. It was. Yeah. Yeah. So, so how now and why? I don't know. I don't know.


Hmm. 45 years old. I, it feels like a good age to go. Okay. Do I wanna, do I want to go Nick Ty or don't wanna Go? Right. Right, right, Right. And I can do that easy. You know, Nick used to date Vicki Lewis who was on news. Yeah, I know Vicky News Radio with me. Yeah. No way. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. I remember Vicki well, super talented. Super Talented. Yeah. Sing could act. She was, she was a firebrand. Yeah. And Nick, we used to hang around the set And it was always so weird to me to be talking to Nick Ty. It was so strange. Yeah. And I remember one time I went to Fry's Electronics 'cause I was going to buy some com. I used to make my own computers.


Yeah. 'cause I was like really into like computer games, electronic. So I'd like build my own computers. Yeah. And so I'm there like looking at Motherships and I see this fucking old guy with his glasses on and I go, I go, Nick goes, oh hey Joe, How are you man? Do You know anything about these things? And like I was talking to him about like computer stuff, but I just couldn't believe he knows my name. And he remembered me. He saved my life man. He saved my life at 25. I was, Bro, there's a terrible movie called Warrior. It's a terrible movie. Yeah. Terrible movie. You Mean the UFC movie with Tom? That hard and movie. That movie Sucks. Yeah. Yeah. But he's fucking incredible in it. He's amazing. His One scene, this one scene when it breaks down, You know, he's the dad.


It's So I know it well. Fucking good. It's so good. That one scene is worth sitting through the entire preposterous movie. Yeah. Why do you hate that movie so much? Because It's fake. Yeah. You can't have, you can't fight like two days in a row. You, You wasn't the Tyson Jake fight wasn't that amazing. Yeah. It was amazing. They got paid so much money for it. Wasn 25 million and 40 million I think. 20 and 40. Yeah. 20 and 40. I think that's what I'd heard. You know, which I'm, I'm happy Mike got the money and I'm happy that he didn't get hurt. It wasn my fear that it was gonna be a real fight and he was gonna get hurt. You've known him for a long time. I've known him for a long time. I love that dude.


Me too. And he was a like larger than life figure of my childhood. Truly. Me too. When I was a kid, when he was a champ, it was like people don't understand what a champ he was. Yeah. Like he was a, he wasn't just the heavyweight champ of the world. He was an executioner. Like you Truly, every fight was just a matter of how long was it gonna last. I Remember which fight it was that I went to go see a couple of fights and I actually went to go see Julio Caesar Chavez fight. Ooh. And that's when I met Tyson in the green room. Oh wow. And I met at the same time Muhammad Ali in the green room. Oh wow. It Wasn a moment. Wow. As a boxing fan. A heavy moment. It wasn a real moment. But I remember, and I don't know who it was and I think it was a 92nd fight. And I went to go see this fight and Tyson was fighting and this guy was doing this stuff before.


And he had this con, he had built himself into confidence. And Mike came out afterwards. He was the first one obviously. And Mike came out afterwards and I watched his face. I didn't watch Mike. You would normally watch Mike. 'cause he's so charismatic and he's coming. Yeah. He wants to see what he's gonna do. And I watched the guy's face and I watched that confidence bleed from his face. Yeah. Instantaneously. Yeah. He had absolutely lost the fight long before Mike had ever gotten in the ring. Yeah. I maintained it in a time where he was champion. Like the two or three years. Yeah. Where he was at his best. He was the greatest fighter of all time. Of All time. Of All time. Yeah. I don't think Anybody, that's why it was so interesting to me as I was watching it. And I'm very verbal when it comes to that shit.


Come on, what the fuck? You know what I mean? And he was, he's still quick. Oh yeah. He's he's still quick. He's still very quick. And he would do, but You know, Mike had like, he was walking with a cane just like a year and a half ago. Yeah. But he was really outta Shape. He had bad sciatica. Bad sciatica. Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. Real bad. And it wasn't that long ago that he was, You know, I mean when I first met him, he was very, very heavy. He was not working out at all. And I asked him, how come you don't work out? He goes, I don't want to ignite my ego. That's Good. He goes, I don't wanna ignite the gods of war. The gods of war. Yeah. And then the second time he came in was when he was preparing for the Roy Jones Jr.


Fight. Came in here. Yeah. And he was a totally different human being. Huh? He was fucking jacked and in shape and he looked was super intense. Yeah. And he was just like ready to go. And it was terrifying. It was like a And Jamie, Wait, when was this? A few years ago. Four years ago. Four years ago. And so when he came in the second time, I was like, this is, Jamie said it afterwards, he's like, this is a totally different human being than the first time we saw him. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He was one of the first guys, like, like I said with Nick Nolte, he was like, is that really Nick Nolte? This is crazy. Yeah. Can't believe he was right there. Yeah. Mike Tyson was one of the first people that I met though I can't believe he's really here because just like he was so Bigger Than life. Iconic. Like you had to be alive and be a kid during the time where he was the champion to understand what he was.


'cause there was, after Muhammad Ali, Larry Holmes was a great fighter, but no one liked him because he beat up Muhammad Ali. So people always just wanted him to Lose. Yeah. But is that the only reason there was, there's just a certain heir of somebody and they come along once in a great while. Yes. Yes. But Larry Holmes never got his due. Yeah. He was an amazing fighter. Amazing Fighter. But still, But, but when he retired then there was just like a series of boring champions. Yeah. Like no one cared about the heavyweight division at all. Yeah. No one cared. Yeah. And then I remember the cover of Sports Illustrated, I st I have it framed in my office at home. It said Kid Dynamite on it. And he was 19 years old. And I was like, who is this guy? Yeah. And then I started watching him fight and then he was on like a b, c wide world of sports.


You're like, Jesus Christ. Do you find yourself going back and watching highlights just to do it? Oh yeah. I Do it all the time. I watched Tyson fights all the time. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I just watched this fight with Frank Bruno just a couple of days ago. Frank Bruno. Oh my God. Tyson was something just, I just don't think you can maintain that. Only, you Can only do that for a few years. The only fights that never worked out with like, do you remember the fight with him and Bone Crusher Smith? Oh yeah. Yeah. Not a great fight. No, it wasn't the best Fight. 'cause Bone Crusher Smith was not a great fighter. Well He was a good fighter. He's Just, but not a Great fighter. Tough guy. Yeah. But You know, brutal, knockout puncher. It just wasn't at Mike's level. Yeah. Mike was at a level that no one was at. It was just, it was an insane combination of discipline talent.


Incredible coaching psychology. Yeah. You know, when he was 13 years old, he was adopted by a guy. No, I know. Custom. He was a hypnotist Cus Oh, I know. Cu Cus used to hypnotize him. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah. He hypnotized him at the time he was 13 and he Into being the greatest fighter. Into being the greatest fighter. Wow. And he told him, you don't exist. Only the task exists. And the task was just Structured. Did Mike tell You that? Yeah. Yeah. I've never heard him say that. Yeah. Does he say that to other people? Oh yeah. He said it publicly. Oh. Never said, talked about it. Yeah. He talked about Theis. I Mean, I've never heard The hypnosis. The, he started doing it when he was 13 years old. So what's the parallel between, and this is the last thing I'll interview you about. What's the, what's the thing between Tyson and John Jones who I met once and I looked at him when I met him on a plane and he di didn't give me really the time of day, but I was like, I'm a huge fan.


And I don't say that often to a lot of people because He probably gets out all day long. You Know. I'm sure he does. Yeah. Man, there's no doubt. Special fighter there. It's Conquerors. That's what it is. They're both conquerors. Like I, I had this thing that I put up on my Instagram the other day that somebody made, it was a me talking about trying to explain why John exists. That there's people that are just different. They're wired different and they, they are uncommon amongst uncommon men. Mm. They just, they rise to the top of the top, The black top of their, They dominate. They just dominate. And that's John. He's just the greatest of all time. It, it's exciting to watch. He's 37 years old and he is still the greatest. That's Creative. I mean, watching that fight, watching, watching, You know, Tyson or Jake Paul or whatever.


Jake Paul. I wouldn't even wanna say Tyson. And then going the next day and watching that fight. Yeah. Watching those fights. It wasn't the only fight. The one before was G What was his name? The fight before John Jones. Oh, Charles Olivera. And Michael Chandler ARMRA. Yeah. Incredible fight. Great fight. Incredible fight. Amazing fight. Yeah. Yeah. John is a, he is a special dude. When he's gone, we're all gonna miss him. He's a different kind of guy. I mean, he's been at the top for 14 fucking years. Fucking years. He won the title, the youngest guy to ever win UFC. Title 23. 23. And Mike was the youngest heavyweight champion of all time at 20. Which is, I remember really crazy. Crazy. But when John Jones won that title at 23, it's just been destruction.


Yeah. Of everyone. Yeah. Ever since every, never ducked anybody fought all the best destroyed, everybody has dominated his division. Went up to heavyweight dominates at heavyweight. So why does somebody like that self-destruct? Is that a self-destruction? Because It's a wild motherfucker. That's how you get to be that good. Isn't that what we're talking about the whole time? Is we're talking like, whether it's Hunter s Thompson and this and how you walk that line. Mike Tyson spending whatever, 350, $400 million going to jail, whatever that is. Yeah. Wild. Wild. But that's also what makes you so good that that wildness. John Jones, when he fought Maurizio Shogun Hua for the light heavyweight title when he was 23 years old, I remember he opens up the fight with a flying knee. Nobody does that.


You're fighting a legend. A shogun. At that time when he was the light heavyweight champion, he was a legend. Yeah. And not just a legend from the UFC, but a legend from Pride. Yeah. Pride was this gigantic organization in Japan that Shogun really became Famous. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. So he was a like a mythical creature almost. Yeah. In in MMA circles. He was it wasn, Shogun Hula. He was a Connor McGregor and John Jones. John's in a different category. It's a different thing. Yeah. Connor self-destructed, You know, in a lot of ways 'cause of money. You know, I mean he took that fight with Floyd Mayweather. He made a ton of money off that and then took a long time before he came back to MMA and it's just not been the same guy since.


And I think that's just, it's money. It's a lot of partying. But it's the same kind of thing. It's just a wild, but in his prime when when Connor was in his prime, he was fucking Assassin. Fucking amazing. He Was a fucking assassin. But it's that thing that through line of not being able to let go, it's like what you were talking about, Chappelle Chappelle leaves for 10 years, but then he goes to the park and he does a thing. Yeah. There's a thing that's insatiable. That warrior mentality. Yeah. But there's a difference because physically you can only fight for so long. Yeah. It's true comedy. You get better every year. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. If you keep doing, Dave's better now than he was a year ago. He'd be better two years. You can still From now can still Rodney Dangerfield eventually. Rodney Don, Ronnie Green, when I saw him was probably 70 years old and he was murdering in his fucking bathrobe naked With this schlong hanging out.


Yeah, he Was, he was still amazing because Oh, that's crazy. It's not a physical thing. You don't have, like, your body can only compete at the highest levels for so long. Yeah. Which is one of the things that's so extraordinary about John. Yeah. Because he's 37, he still competes at the highest level. It blew my mind the other night. Well It was exciting, You know, it was nice to be excited about something. Ste Bass passed his prime unfortunately and he's got a lot of wear on the tires And it was kind of rough watching him get beat up like that. Yeah. But that's the game they play. That's the sport. Yeah. And what's great about UFC that I never thought would last in the beginning, the great thing is anything can happen. Anything can at happen. Yeah. Anytime Frank Fertita and Lorenzo Tito always said that every fight, every UFC we, we sell holy shit moments.


That's, that's what he said. That's it. Like there's moments in the fight where you like, holy shit, shit. We look around at each other and everybody like, dude, Nobody does it better than you when you do this. You go back and you're thinking, you go, oh and your eyes are this great. We always did that. But then they started putting cameras on us. Right. And I don't know why when they started doing that. You and Cormier. Yeah. We always did that. Every time something would happen, we would throw. 'cause It's, it's organics like you can't help it. That's what I'm doing at home. Yeah. Holy Fuck. Holy shit. Yeah. Holy shit. Holy shit. Yeah. There's moments where you just like, yeah. You can't believe it's really happening. Yeah. That's the sport. The sport is, it's the craziest sport. It's the highest consequences of any sport. It's just, it's so raw and dangerous and you can't look away.


It's so crazy. And when someone can dominate it, like John Jones or George St. Pierre or Mighty Mouse or any, any of the greats, George St. Pierre, another great one. Greats. Yeah. When they, when they can do that, it's like that's a different kind of human being. It's, I mean, to be the best of the best people. The best people in the world at fighting. And that he's the best of the best people. Yeah. And when George was in his prime, it was that same sort of thing. You would see him standing there like this intense look in his eyes. Just couldn't wait to get his fucking hands on that guy. You're like, God damn. It's, you've, I feel very, very, very, very fortunate that I've been able to witness personally so many of those moments. Yeah. And be there. And to watch greatness so many times.


I think it's great that you've continued. It's surprising to me that you I love it. I know you do. And that's why you continue to do it. I did the first, like 13 of them for free. First 13 ever. Yeah. The first thing I did. The one, no, they was already, it was like UFC 37. Oh oh. When you got into it. I started working at UFC 12. Yeah. I did UFC 12 was the first event that I did in 1997. I was the post-fight interview guy. Wow. And So I did that for a couple of years, but it was banned from cable. It was basically like, That's why I said it was going. Yeah. It kind of went like this and then it was going down. Boxing did it to them. Right. Boxing in cahoots with Budweiser. Which is funny. 'cause now Bud White sponsors the UFC. Right. Right. But they all wanted the MMA thing to go away.


To go away Because it was so exciting and crazy. Yeah. They thought of of it as a threat. Yeah. And they, they essentially banished it and also just had this unsavory look to it. You're fighting in a cage. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And back in those days it was bare knuckle. Bare knuckle, You know, and then it was Bloody It was, yeah. Yeah. It was just cra It was like, they would call it human cock fighting. Yeah. You know, which I always found disgusting. But me as a martial artist, the question was always what would happen if you got a judo guy and he fought a wrestler? What would happen if you got a boxer and he fought a karate guy? What would, and the UFC is like, let's find out. Yeah. You know? So Ho and Gracie came up with this concept. That's what I was gonna say. Gracie was one of the first Judo versus Juujitsu. Right.


Well, Hoist, You know, hoist Hoist was the first champion of the UFC. And he was the first guy that introduced that like, technique is more important than everything. Right. Technique is more important than being big. More important than being strong. Because hoist was like 175 pounds. He was very slight and long and just, I remember the fight. Just a juujitsu wizard. Yep. And he would get guys on the ground strangle the fuck out of him. And we were like, what happened? What happened? This Is crazy guy. That's another O holy shit moment Jack Guy. All of sudden the big Jack guy's tapping like, what? What happened? Right. And hoist just opened up the world to Brazilian Juujitsu And it made Brazilian jiujitsu like the most popular martial art on earth. Yeah. Yeah. Like his appearances in the UFC changed the entire course of martial arts.


His family, the Gracie family, particularly his father Ilio, his bro, his brother Hixson. Yeah. His brother Hoyer. They and Horian of course. 'cause he created UFC. They changed martial arts forever. Yeah. That like more, more development and evolution of martial arts has taken place over the last 30 years than over the last 30,000 years. Wow. Yeah. Like really? That's accurate. Yeah. Like fighting is different. People really understand what works and what doesn't work now. And watching him was balletic. It was like a ballet. Yes. Was Like, It wasn't it's art. It wasn, it was art. It wasn't just It's real martial arts. No, it wasn't that. His Dad told him, don't hurt these people. Hmm. Don't hurt them. You don't have to hurt them. Show them the art.


Just Submit them. Show them the Art. Yeah. So like hoist, when he got on top of people, he wasn't like elbowing Him the eyeballs. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. He was just strangling folks. Just arm baring folks. Making 'em tap, making 'em quit. That's wow. And he did it to everybody. And they were all like, what the fuck just happened? And then everybody had to learn juujitsu. It changed martial arts forever. Do your kids do jiujitsu? Yeah. My kids have done it. Yeah. Have done it. Yeah. They Don't do it anymore. They do other stuff. I don't push 'em. No. Whatever they're in. If they wanted to do it tomorrow, they said, I'm thinking about doing some kickbox. I'm Like, It let's, where do you wanna go? Right. But I don't believe in everybody's different. I don't want them to follow my footsteps or anything stupid like that. I just want, I want you to be your own human being. I, what are you interested in? They're both interested in different things. My youngest is an artist.


You know, my other one is a, a phenomenal athlete. It's like, I think that you should do what you want to do. Yep. And if you want to do that, I'll bring you, I'll, I'll show you. I'll teach you, I'll help you. But if you don't wanna do that, I don't wanna push you. Let me be a good parent and celebrate what my kid is not what I want. There's So many different kinds of things you could be interested in life. And everyone has a different psychology, so everyone has different things they gravitate towards. It's just like, what is the thing? Yeah. Is it music, is it art? Is it your writing? What do you like to do? Yeah. Find that thing. Chase it down. How Many kids do you have? I have three. Three. I have a grown, she's 28 and I have a 16 and a 14. Yeah. I feel like you've gotta do what, what, what compels you?


Yeah. What drives you? And part of It is a parent is like, there's so many stories of parents, particularly with like talented athletes that were too hard on the kid and put too much discipline on the kid. And the kid's burned out. Yeah. I've seen so many cases of that. Yeah. You know, with these, that Russian Mental or that Asian mentality, you should fucking not here. But there the thing, He killed the joy. He killed the joy. There's a, You know what hoist Gracie's dad used to do? If he lost a competition, he would buy him a present Because what was the psychology? 'cause they're always gonna wanna win. Meaning The effort he bought the effort, he bought the present for the effort Or no, it's Like, It doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Like here you have a toy, here's a, here's a gift, here's a thing.


Hmm. Like, it's like this is just growth. It's just just development. Ho ho's dad. Ilio felt like you live the same life over and over and over again until you get it. Right. He subscribed to that like ancient eastern philosophy of reincarnation. Yeah. He really believed you live, live the Same do belief Over and over and until you get it. Right. And so his philosophy on Ways is do 1% better a day. Just do 1% just give you, it's not about going from here to here. It's not living at a hundred percent all the time. It's the process. It's the process. It's The process. The constant process of growth. Yeah. And, and through that concept process, I mean, what they did was even more crazy because Ilio, along with Carlos Gracie, they revolutionized a martial art.


Like they Juujitsu was brought over by these judoka from Japan, ADA and, and Kaur who came over to America or came over to Brazil rather and trained with the Gracie's. And then they took those techniques and made them applicable to smaller people. Yeah. Made them applicable to like, 'cause Ilio was only 145 pounds. Yeah. But he would have these no rules fights in Brazil. These fucking huge fights that would go for like an hour and a half. Wow. Yeah. And he would just beat these guys with technique. So they developed leverage and tech, they, they figured out a way to highlight the submissions and make things super technical. And they would analyze moves and break them down. And it became the philosophy of the entire family.


Hmm. That one family. Yeah. Created more fucking assassins than any other family in the history of martial Arts. And yet they're the nicest people. The nice I've met those nice people. Yeah. Yeah. I had hoist in here like a couple months ago. Did who was awesome. He's so fun. Sassy. Do You know Ssy? No. She's Yeah, girl. She's with Laird a lot. Okay. She's at Laird's place a lot. I mean, they have a clan, bro. It's a clan, but it's a close clan. Yes. And it's a, it's a friendly familial clan. Yep. Yeah. They're very nice people. But that's the thing about Jiujitsu, it's like you get out all your aggression in the gym And it kills your ego. Then you can go be kind. You Can just be a nice person. Be a nice person. Like Juujitsu people are some of the nicest people I've ever met. Me too. They're super friendly and warm and like normal people. Yeah.


They just are obsessed with this one thing. Yeah. You know, and through that thing it's like a vehicle for developing your human potential. Yeah. Because it's so difficult. And when you do a difficult thing, it makes the rest of life a lot easier because there's no way, whatever you're experiencing during the day is gonna be as difficult as someone on your back trying to strangle the blood out of your brain. Like literally trying to fucking choke the blood outta your head. Like there's, there's no way. There's no way. Life could be harder than That. But that's the thing is the wildness. You have to have something to be A champion. Yeah. To be a, a Fire, to be a champion or to be a good person. I think. Yes. You have wildness, which we've talked about throughout this whole thing. Yes. If you don't have wildness, you're gonna be Bored.


You bring it back. Honestly. 'cause I have to bring it back to the book. That's what the book is about. Yeah. Wildness, unmitigated. Right. But You know, eventually figured out a way to Get grip, You know, that eventually turns on you. No, but most people, it turns around And it bites you in the ass people. And it, It is a sad ending. But I think those sad endings are a valuable lesson for the other people. Power of example. Yeah. You learn from a lot of, one of the reasons why I never did Coke is when I was in high school, my friend's cousin became a cokehead. He was a Coke dealer and became a Coke head. And him and his girlfriend would just do coke and hide. Yeah. They would just like, they had an attic apartment. They were in this fucking apartment. Were just like doing coke and Yeah. Likeno selling coke and watching, watching TV and yeah. And he like withered away.


He lost all this weight. Like he got bit by a vampire. Yeah. And I remember thinking, Jesus Christ stay the fuck away from Coke. Like why would you, why would you want to do that? What would be attractive about that? Nothing. I guess It's the, I mean, you've done it. I haven't done it. I guess it's the euphoria when you get that hit you that feeling that, that feeling of elevation. You know, that feeling of like, You know, you just no fear and you feel excited. You wanna start a business with people and you got plans. Right. We're gonna fucking take over. I just love in the in in like in the description of it, the eyes kind of get like this. Yeah. And the craziness you see. Yeah. And you go, yeah, it's bad for everybody else. It may be good for you for like 15 minutes, but everybody else is fucking miserable around you.


The worst thing to me was when I would be high, like smoking weed. Yeah. And I'd be like, just chilled and silly and I'd run into a coke head. I'd be like, oh no, He's trying to talk to you like this. I just Get battered with like talk. Totally. I gotta get Outta here. It's disgusting to me. Yeah. It's a weird drug. It's a weird drug, but it's obviously very popular. Yeah. And it causes a lot of problems. Yeah. No thanks anymore. Yeah. No thanks. I'm good. I'm not Interested in that one. You smoke your butt. I'll smoke Mike's cigar. Yeah. I like cigars too. I'm good. Cigars are conversational. They're they are, they are. They're tools for conversation. Yeah. Relax. You light your brain up a little bit. Get you a little, a little fired up. Read This book when you can.


I will. Seriously, I think you'll Like It. I I know I'll Like It. I like talking to you. Yeah. It's, yeah. You'll laugh. You'll laugh. Not everybody will laugh when they read the book. You will laugh Because it, because I think you understand absurdity. How Long did it take you to put it together? Two years. It's non-linear. It goes all over the place in all these years. Did you have, when you sat down, did you have like a framework in mind of how you wanted to pursue it? No. No, no. 'cause I've written probably 90 journals in my life, 90 fold journals. And I would go back and I kind of started to put some of those together and I'd go, oh, that happened in 88 or that happened in 76. And that, You know, that kind of stands out as being a, You know, milestone moment or whatever.


And I'd start to write those down. They were really poorly written. And then that started to instigate one thing and another thing. And it kind of wrote itself. Hmm. I think it was 450 pages when I finished. And then I knocked it down to like two 40. What is that process like? The editing process? That's a good process. Yeah. That's the hardest process I've ever gone through. But you become a better writer. Its like a, a Jujitsu. Do you do it with an editor or do you do it by yourself? I, I Did. No, I did it with an editor. 'cause I didn't sell the book right away. You know how memoir, first of all, most memoirs are not written by the people who they're about Right. Which makes no sense to me. Right. 'cause you're writing about yourself. Right. But you're hiring somebody else to do it, but you're taking the money. I don't get it. So I wrote it. I wrote the entire book, then I sold it.


So I didn't sell it based on a celebrity. I sold it based on the book. 'cause you could read the book and, and some people hated it. Some people read it and they go, I don't get it. It's too wild. It's too whatever. And Well, everything is not for everybody. Exactly. And that's okay. Yeah. That's, that's not, that's more than Okay. It's important. What's wild is when I, when I, when I was in the middle, which I think you would like, when I was in the middle of doing the audible for the book, about halfway through, stumbling through the audible, I go, what the fuck did I do? I should burn any evidence that this fucking was ever even thought about. And then I spiraled for about a month. And I don't spiral. I just don't spiral about everything.


Anything. I just, I'm pretty cool with anything that, You know, comes along. And then people started reading the book and then I got this varied response. It wasn always visceral. It was never like, I really liked your book a lot. I thought it was well written and all that. Somebody would go, fuck Yeah. And that's nice. That Means you nailed it. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. But I do know that the responses are good. Well that's what's important. Yeah. It's working. It it, it, it had a desired effect. You got out your thoughts, you got out your experiences. But that Editing prop resonate, that editing process is a good process Because you, you refine and you clarify and you simplify and Yeah. That's cool. You get to look at it with fresh eyes.


With Fresh eyes, yeah. You know, it's the arm bar. You could just grab an arm and then try to bend it as much as you can. Or you can fucking figure out how to get in there every time. Did you and tap the guy out. Did you always know that you're gonna do this? You gonna write this book? No, I'd written two or three books and put them in the corner in a dark corner and let them accumulate dust. You know, I've never, I never thought I would do it publicly, because I was always into that thing of like, oh, you're an actor. And like, get over it. You wanna, you wanna be a writer, you wanna be a writer, you wanna be a musician. Every actor wants to be a, a musician. Right. Every actor wants, You know what I mean? Wants to be a rockstar. Yeah, exactly. And I was like, no. And then this lady read this book, this lit agent, and she said, I said it the third time and she said, you need to fucking stop saying, You know, referencing yourself as an actor who's a writer.


You're a fucking writer and a really good writer. Just right. And she was tough on me. So you feel like you had like, almost like a disclaimer, like, I'm a, I'm an actor her. Oh yeah. I did. Like that's what you're doing. Giving yourself like an escape. I did, yeah. Because it was something about that profession anyway that I always looked at. And I always thought, why am I, why do I do this? Mm. This Is dumb. You know what I mean? And what, like, where's the self-importance come from? Like, what happened to the wagon that just went down and like people tried to shoot you? Doesn't the self-importance just come from attention? Sure. You get extraordinary amounts of attention then people develop self-importance. Yes. 'cause of that. I think they deserve that attention Because it, it's A false thing.


Yeah. And then you start seeing people manifest it. Like, excuse me, I said hot coffee. I didn't say warm coffee. I said, You know, and you go, I don't, I don't understand the mentality. That's the grossest. So for me, it's probably another attempt, which I think I've manifested in a bunch of different ways of right sizing and the, there's nothing like that will Right. Size you like a fucking book. Hmm. Put you right back into why are you doing what you are doing? Where do you come from? How do you feel about your kids? Where's your sensitivity? Where's your, where are things that have become concrete that you need to break in order to feel again?


You know, where are you limiting yourself? And I don't like the, the idea of limiting myself. Like, would I love to? Did I love drinking? Like fuck yeah. I had so much fun dude. And so did a lot of other people. But I go, this is now limiting. Well don't you want to go out and take a drink? I go, fuck no. What? When you're out with a bunch of people having fun. No. 'cause I'm having fun. Right. You don't need to drink to have fun. But there's a thing when you're drinking a lot and having fun, you think this is the reason why I'm having fun. This is the reason why I'm having fun. Yeah. It's a trap. That's The trap. Yeah. That's The trap. Well, You know, you can have a drink or two and really enjoy yourself. Or you could think that the only reason why you're enjoying yourself is 'cause you're having a drink or too.


And that's usually why you have more drinks Because you think this is the reason people are liking me right now. This is the reason people think I'm funny. And You keep chasing that dragon. Imagine if you went on stage and every time you went on stage, you had to have at least six drinks. Ugh. Because you go, this is what they want. Yeah. And then you'd wake up in the morning and your kid goes and wakes you up and you're like, ah, Fuck yeah. You know? And you go, oh, that's not worth it. What's the fucking dude's name from Night Rider? You know who I'm talking about? Oh, David O Ooff. Yeah. Damn. You ever see that video? Of course I did. The kids the burger video. Yeah. Yeah. It's the saddest fucking thing ever. Yeah. It Didn't look like a good burger. Well, he is just hammered and his kid filmed it. It's awful, man.


Oh, it's so awful. It's so cringey. Yeah. It's so that's what everybody's afraid of. Yeah. Becoming that pathetic example to Children and you and you wonder how much that exists and the video's not going that, that that daughter videoed that. Right. Like, I want you to see what this looks like. Right. Right. And supposedly that kind of threw him into sobriety or whatever. I don't know if he's sober or not. Did he If get sober, I would hope he is. Me too. If anything would throw you into sobriety, your children filming you, that's it. The lowest moment possible would do it for you. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't want to be filmed, So I stopped early. You got off, you got off at the right time. I Did get the last time. Yeah. I drank. Yeah. I was super lame.


I was at a, what do you call it? A Del Taco. And I tapped the cab in front of me accidentally when I was moving forward. And he got out and like created a thing and somebody filmed it from the back of the cab. Oh, wow. Yeah. And I looked stupid. You can't fucking, you can't fucking drive. You know how to fucking drive. You're like, oh dear. Shh. Quiet. Don't speak. Oh no, don't Speak. There's nothing worse than being sober and seeing something when you, you're drunk. Oh, there's nothing you like. Oh no. I'm so gross. 'cause your perception of it, why you were going, of course you were like, no man, this is an honorable moment. You're saying, I did something that I didn't do. Right. And we need to hash this out.


When the, when the, when the when The reality is is you're just kind of regurgitating bullshit. Yeah. Also, You know how to like affect people with your words. Yeah. You know how to express yourself in a dramatic way. Yeah. You think you're gonna fucking get through this on top. Yeah. I'm an actor motherfucker. Yeah. Motherfucker. Watch this. I'm going Shakespeare on you. You know my favorite movie of yours is what? No Country for Old Men. Why? Because it's so fucked up. Because It's so fucked up, up. It's such a fucked up movie. It's so, and even the end, the end, when it ends, you're like, what happened? Yeah. What? That's the end. Yeah. It's like that guy, what's his name?


Javier. What's his Name? Bar. God damn. That guy was a good psycho. He Was so good. God, that movie was So, it was just so unusual and intense. And there was no feeling. And people ask this all the time, there was no feeling that it was a special movie. Really? Yeah. I told you I went back to Marfa, Texas for the first time in 18 years with Stapleton. And the guy running the bank is the first guy that Javier kills in the movie. This is the guy running the bank right now. Chip. Wow. And I talked to Chip, I have a picture of me and Chip and I talked to Chip and I said, I said, fuck, you were the first guy, You know, did you think that? And he said, no, it wasn a friend of a friend who said that they were auditioning people.


And the reason I did it is because I figured nobody would ever see it. It seemed like a small No, that's the proprietor. It's the first guy that Javier killed outside. It wasn a good scene though. The proprietor was a scene. What is Good like to person in Javier The best, the sweetest human beings. One of my best friends. That's Crazy. Yeah. That, that's inside of him that he can Well That's the thing. That's what's, that's what makes him an artist. Yes. Yes. Because he's one of these guys that literally, he was so depressed during that thing. Really? Oh my God, dude. Because he didn't like doing it. No. He was like, look at my hair. What the fuck?


You know what I mean? That's Depressed him. His Look at his Look at him. Oh my God. He played, I Mean he genius in It. I mean, such a good psychopath. He wore SPF hundred. He had an umbrella all the time to keep the sun off him and to see how pale he looks. Yeah. But yeah, that's the guy, the guy to the left. That's Chip. Can you stand there for a second please? So he Was really depressed because of his hair. Yeah. And me and Woody would take him out. We would take him out to the cowgirl, what was it called? Cowgirl Cafe. And, and we would have drinks with him. We would make him, 'cause he would stay in his apartment with the, like the drapes drawn and all this kinda shit. He just didn't want to go out. He said, I don't like, I don't like violence.


I don't drive. I don't know why they hired me. Why the fuck did they hire me? Like why am I here? Well, how Did he pull that out then? And I'm from Spain, right? Like, this guy's not from Spain. I remember when we worked, we sat in a trailer and he said in that, that proprietor scene, he has this great line. He goes, call it, he takes the coin and goes like that. And he says, call it. And the guy says, I don't want to call it. And he says, you have to call it, it's Destiny calling for you. And it. And we were in his trailer and Javier says, how do you say it? And I said, call it. And Javier kept saying, call it. And I said, no dude call. Can you hear it? Oh, Click for whole. Oh, put the he on there. What up? What's the most you ever lost on the coin tos, sir?


The most You ever lost the coin tos? I don't know. I couldn't say Call it. Call it. Yes. For what? Just call it. Well, we need to know what we're calling it for here. You need to call it. I can't call it for you. It wouldn't be fair. I didn't put nothing up. Yes, you're dead. You've been putting it up your whole life. You just didn't know it. You know what date is on this coin? No. 1958. It's been traveling 22 years to get here.


And now it's here. And it's either heads or tails. And you have to say, call it. Well look, I need to know what I stand to win everything. How's that? You tend to win everything. Call it. Alright. Heads then in. Well done. Don't put it in your pocket, sir. Don't put it in your pocket. It's your like quarter. Where do you want me to put it? Anywhere? Not in your pocket.


What do Mixed in with the others and becoming es to going, which it is. I mean, if you look at that from a different perspective, you say that scene could have been the worst scene ever. It's because of the simplicity of the scene. It just, What's the consequences? It's the pause, boom in the air. It just hangs and it's, You know, that this guy has some sort of weird morals. It's So good, man. Yeah. He's got some code that he lives by and he's about to impose this code on this guy.


But that's, and it's no problem putting that bolt through his brain. No problem. And the guy knows it. And he doesn't even know Why he knows it. It's just something. Right. He just knows it. Yeah. And you sit there and you just kind of, it's a great fucking scene. It's a great scene, man. Yeah. How did you not know that movie was great while you were doing it? Because it Was so, we were just, The Cohen brothers are fucking amazing. They're amazing. But you were just having, they had done two movies that were sort of bigger than what they normally do. One was with Clooney and one was with Tom Hanks And it didn't work. Oh, brother Huta. No, the fucking old brother Huta. I love that movie. It wasn amazing. Yeah, it was amazing. Was Big Labat was Lady Killers. And what was the one with Clooney? Never heard.


Well, there you go. Yeah. But they, yeah. So I think that, so you just had this feeling of, they just went back to this simple like burnout. No. Burnout after reading was after No Country, which was also really good. Super good. But yeah, they just kind of went back to this very kind of feral, You know, base place and just said, let's just tell this simple story and let's let it happen. Let's maybe, I don't know, I don't think they're like this, but Maybe How did You know why you were doing it though? Like, It just didn't Have Vibe scenes. It didn't have that vibe. It was so simple. Wild. It was so simple and, and into The wild. But then when you saw it Though, into the what Dude, when I saw, I saw it with my kid, which was probably super irresponsible.


How old Was your kid at this Time? He was 16. He was like, that's on the, that's okay. That's on the, You know, the cusp. But I saw it with him in an editing room on a big screen. And we left and we got in the car and we didn't talk for 15 minutes. And that's never happened. Wow. Like literally not one word. Wow. And then I said, what do you think? And he goes, fuck. Which is a great response. That's that movie. That's that movie that, that is that movie. That movie is, You know, You wanna tie it together too in the end. And like a typical Hollywood ending. And Javier and my character go head to head at the end. And, and that doesn't happen. So you do something, which is how it was written in the book, Cormac.


And I got to know Cormac really well. You know, I was with Cormac the night before he died and Oh, no kidding. Wow. Yeah. So, and I asked him, that Guy could fucking write Fuck dude. Some of the greatest writing I could fucking write American writing ever. Yeah. In the history. Yeah. Of this country. Man, there was something about his writing. It was like, Jesus Christ, this, That's another one of those guys, artists where you go, I would, I would ask him about his writing and didn't want to talk about it ever. And then finally got mad at me one day and he was, I I, I don't fucking know man. I just sit down at the typewriter And it comes like, what do you want me to tell you? Wow. I was like, all right, man. Fucking 87 years old. Relax. But he could write, I mean he had some, he was tapped into and talk about a guy who just like you were like the muse and do you have a special place and do you have this thing that No, Just sits down and writes The Bed that he was on, it was me, his ex-wife, his son and Cormack that last night.


Wow. And always at the edge of his bed was that typewriter that he used for 25, 30 years to write all those novels. And then he had one before that it wasn exactly the same. But that typewriter was on an old piece of wood at the foot of his bed. Wow. And even at the end, he would just grab that thing and Wow. Get it out. It was cool. Yeah. There's rare humans like that that have that thing. Yeah. Yeah. They just tap into Something and they tap into it and they just keep going. Yeah. They get on that path and they just keep going. And it just keeps getting better. They just get better at it. We've talked about a series of very special people.


You know, what makes the, what's the difference of what makes somebody that special, that iconic? Are they crazy? Are They tapping? They're definitely different. They're Different. Yeah. I mean, it's a resistance to the norm. It's, it's the acceptance of reality. It's a poetic understanding of our place in the universe. There's so many different things that are all sort of coalescing into this, But they expression. But they see, they see through a different lens though. Yeah. They're just made of a, they're made up of a different, Well that's probably why he didn't Wanna Talk about it up. He didn't want to fuck it up. He didn't wanna fuck it up. Yeah. He didn't wanna mitigate. He didn't want to. Yeah. He didn't wanna lessen it. He didn't want to, what's the word?


Make it, make it pedestrian. Yes. You know what I mean? Yes. He didn't wanna try, You know, sometimes magic is just magic. You don't want to like figure out what's, how it's happening. Yeah. Just know that you can do it and just keep doing it. Exactly. You Know, just be, be a craftsman. Yeah. Be a person who's like dedicated to this thing. Yeah. You know? Yep. I mean, he has to know. He had to know. It was really good. I mean, enough people told him it was really good. Yeah. But if you have even a guy like that who wrote the first up until all the pretty horses, none of his books sold. That's pretty crazy. Like A thousand people bought it, 1500 people bought it and then it was made into a movie.


And then, and then you go back and you're like, all these band books that we know back in the day, 1984, George Orwell, You know, Henry Miller, all these fucking people, You know, people are like, Ew. And then how many, You know, van Gogh painting a painting and all those paintings being outside, getting rained on and now they're selling for a hundred million dollars. Yeah. All after. He is dead. All after he's dead. Yeah. He never knew. He sold one painting in his lifetime. So he never got to, not even a little bit experience what? Look at what you Did. Right. Wow, man. Well maybe that's why they're so good.


'cause It's they had to Of expression. Yeah. He's just dealing. People paid attention are not Yeah. Who they were and they gave themselves to it. Yeah. It's a thousand percent. He's an Artist. An artist. A Real artist. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks dude. Thank you. It was a lot of fun. Really appreciate It. I really appreciate it. I'm gonna read your book immediately. I would like you to. I will definitely. You're one guy. I would really like for you to read it. I'll get on it. Okay. Alright. Thank you. Thank you very much. Bye everybody.