
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Those Are the three I probably are most iconic. So what are, what are the, we're rolling now. So tell me what, what's like the most iconic beats you've created? Your, oh, we Already rolling. We're rolling. Fuck it. Hey, fuck it. What done? Hey, how you doing? Hey, I mean, look, I've got not hundreds but thousands of songs. I thousands. Thousands for sure. Thousands of songs I'm told most often that most iconic or identifiable one is obviously still Dre.


We got, Gimme a little on that real quick. Let's see. Now if you watch my fingers while I'm playing, that if I was just like a fucking sterile, like just basic motherfucker, I'd be playing. But I wanted to do it like sloppy, right? Like that perfect imperfection, right? Like you don't want, sometimes you want a nice sloppy booty or a nice bucket, You know what I'm saying?


Like, you don't want things always like perfect picture. Perfect, Right? You like a little grit on your hardwood floor. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, That's where I, You know, that perfect imperfection. How did You get started? Huh? How did you get started making beats? Like what? What started you in music? What started me in music? Okay. Go all the way back. All the way back. All the way back. Listening to like Ozzy Osborne and Cheap Trick in the Mirror with a tennis racket thinking, wow, I could probably get some girls to like me if I knew how to fucking play this shit. And then it, my parents had like a upright piano in the house And it was a piece of furniture and I had a cassette, You know, at that time it was all about cassettes and I had the little baby cassette thing.


I put it on the piano bench and figure out how to play all my favorite songs. Just, just self-taught. Yeah. And I, You know, I ended up taking three or four lessons and the guy was like, you should just teach yourself. Really? Yeah. Like, and my family didn't, we didn't have no money. Like, and my mom to get to the piano lesson, all that shit was just, I did my thing and Like It to the point where my mom and dad were like, can you go outside and play with the kids? I'm tired of hearing this shit. Like, no, no, no, no, no, no. And then that evolved into, I moved with my father.


My parents had divorced, my dad was a court reporter, stenographer. And we moved from, I grew, I was born in New York as an infant, moved to Florida. But when I was 15, just turning 15, I moved to Philly with my dad. And I was really getting into music. I was experiencing like hip hop now in my head, like, what Year was this? I don't even know what year it was. How old do You know? I'm 50. Okay. Seven years different than me. So yeah. Okay. I'm real horrible with the years, but talking early nineties. Yeah. Extremely early. The beginning of like the, the big hip hop boom out of New York.


Yeah. And when I first found a love for hip hop, it was this music that they were sampling all these like cool, like Fender Road sounds like, like say Tribe Called Quest. That's Not one of mine. But it was that like, relax yourself girl. You know, it's Right, right, right. That like Native Tongue, the De la Soul. Right, right. All that type of shit was heavy. And like, I was like, wow, the music is really great in this. It was different than like, I mean I loved NWA and I loved like, but it wasn like hardcore shit. And then like this musicaly guru and jazz and all this shit was coming around.


Yes. So I got into that and I couldn't really afford a keyboard. I'm living in Philly. My dad was like, I was cutting school and going into the city from the burbs to like get in the music scene at this young age. And it was like, yo, go back to school and start that shit or get the fuck out. He's trying to do me a favor with tough love, but I decided to get the fuck out at 15. And now I'm like cow hopping at homies. And that led to moving into the fucking hood in West Philly with this guy who was an aspiring manager. It wasn a videographer that I met at my dad's court reporting firm.


And kind of like halfway against my dad's will, he took me in and we started hitting the pavement man. And I joined The Roots. They were called the Square Roots at that time. You know the band on Jimmy? Sure, sure. Quest love, et cetera. And I didn't have much money and I bought what they call a Fender Roads. This is like big keyboard, which is, they're very expensive now 'cause it's a vintage. But at that time I could get that for like 200 bucks. And I got the keyboard, had a couple of broken notes on it and shit. And I just made my sound with that. And it was just like this soulful, this thing, You know what I mean? And joined the roots.


And now I'm a band member, You know, at simultaneously, I'm doing construction in Philly for a friend of mine who has like these like shell houses that I got to live in one for a while. And then I got my first place, I'm like living in this thing. He lived across the street in a kind of a nice one. This is like super horrible neighborhood. But he's got almost like the whole block. And like there's construction site on the first floor, had to walk up and this was like semi-finished one with no electricity. But he ran a cord across the street and a power strip for my electricity. I ran everything on that one power strip. Like I had a fucking a space heater like this.


'cause it was freezing cold. I had like a keyboard set up like So I could do my thing. And it wasn just, I made my existence. And wow. If I had never made it, I was like, man, I'll just play at Bar Mitzvahs and weddings and fucking call it a day. But I'd rather do that than be a court reporter or some other shit like, right. And school wasn't for me, couldn't focus on anything. But the music, It always bums me out that there's so many people out there like that, that do have, they have intelligence and ability, but the system just wants them to plug into normal jobs. And you don't realize like, hey, there's other jobs out there. There's other things that you can do. Right. It's not conventional.


The path's not clear. You know, you want to get into music, you really fucking love music. Get get into music. Yeah. Get into music. And nobody tells you that. Nobody Tells you no. And they don't tell you. Like find your niche within music. Yes. Maybe you can do the actual music, but you can become a promoter or you can become, there's so many different fields within music that you can do. Right. If you're an expert, if you have no talent and you have no business being in music, at least be honest with yourself. 'cause we know if we're good or not. Like Right. You know? But what Makes talent, what Do think? It's passion. It's no talent. Passion. Yeah. If you're a passionate person and you love something so much, you're gonna end up being good at it.


I think it makes sense. If you're doing it to get money or something else, it's like, it's questionable or you just wanna be cool Because you like music. But if you're so passionate about this shit that you're showing results and you're growing and you're seeing that and you watch people's reactions, I still do to this day, if I'm in a studio, I'm playing some shit. Like, I have this like weird thing where I start receiving satellite and I'm like playing and I don't know what receiving Satellite. So I swear to God The muse swear, I'm not even there anymore. I'm just like, all of a sudden I'm just doing this thing. I've been doing it for 30 years and I watched the room. I'm like, oh, they Like It.


This episode is brought to you by American Primeval. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health. You should worry about as we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and loss funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr terms apply


Like this one. Okay, let's use this. You know what I mean? That's how I know if I'm moving people, Receiving satellite is a great way to put it because that's what it feel like. I always say that like there's, sometimes I write things, I'm like, I didn't really write that. You blacked out And it got written Something. Yeah, that's, that came from somewhere else. I didn't have any effort involved in this. It just came to me. Yeah. Like a gift from the gods. Yeah. It's, That's why they always call it the muse, You know, because the people that were, You know, like Shakespeare and those people, they really did kind of feel Like it was being given to them. Yeah. We all do though, right? For real. Yeah. But doesn't everybody kind of say that when they're being honest? Like anybody who writes anything, whether they write literature, whether they write music, comedy, whatever.


It flows through you. Yes. If you have to work for it, it's contrived. Sort of like, I feel somewhat like if something doesn't come, like I push myself. Yes. Because there's technical stuff that you have to, but that initial light bulb that goes off and just, you just get in that zone. Yeah. Downloading satellite. And it's the, the thing about it is, it's, it's so hard to control. It's just, it's, it comes, it goes, it's there. It's not, what's that water you drinking? What is this? Crazy. Sucks. You know what It is? Bag water. I'm gonna tell you what it is. I get like inflammation, like I'm playing piano, whatever. Like, I sometimes get like a little bit like, okay.


And this is like hydrogen water. Okay. And I, I fuck with it. A friend of mine, my boy Adam, like, he's like, listen, I think you should try my water. He's invested in all kinds of things and he's just, he's been my best, one of my best friends my whole life. This guy, Adam, wind fuck, cool guy. I've been down and out and fucking dude would take me in and You know, we're Bo Michigan is, but You know, he has this fucking water. And him and randomly enough, my boy who's a big songwriter Poo Bear, they're giving a go at this water thing. So, but I Like it. It's h factor water, dude. Yeah, I've heard of that stuff. It's really good. So when you say you're getting inflammation in your hands, like carpal tunnel type, is That Yeah, sometimes pains.


Like sometimes if it's cold and my hands it's like freezing or something. I can't really like go in and like, do You ever use CBD? Huh? Do you ever use CBD or turmeric? I, yeah, turmeric. Yeah. Like I do that type stuff. I do like the little shots, like Yeah, you should do that all the time. Raw, ginger raw. Yeah. There's a place in LA that I like that I don't have it in Miami. It's like my, I'm, I'm real tight with, I don't know if You know Rick Solomon. No. He knows this thing. Sun Life from fucking, they have great shit there. So I do that. Oh, the Sun Life place in, in California? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, I do. Yeah. Yeah. Rick is fucking, he's been an inspiration to me. And like, You know, everybody knows my story and You know, he, I look up to him because he was able to walk away from drugs Right.


Very easily and stay there from me. I have a hard time with it. I still struggle. And like, it's not drugs, it's to put it bluntly, it's pussy and drugs together. Okay. It's a hell of a combination and drug sex and all that shit. And like, You know, you get caught up in that wave and Like, It starts glamorously in your career of doing drugs. And it's just a fucking, it just turns into something real ugly. So it, it also, so he walked away from me for a while. He was like, bro, you're fucking up again. Da da da. But I'm in a great place now, man.


I got good people around me and I smoke and, You know, I make my music and I chill these days. Man. It wasn great. I've graduated. I was trying to tell you about your hands. Like if you, if you're getting inflammation and you're taking hydrogen water, like hydrogen water be great. But if you really want to cut it down, what we were talking about earlier is the way to cut it down. Stop eating things that give you inflammation. That's the big one. That'll change everything. Yeah. Cut out all the sugar and the bread and you'll be amazed at how well you feel Bread. Like I'm not really like a sugar guy. Like some people eat sweets and shit. Like me. I'll go lately because I'm trying to lose like a lot of weight.


I've been eating fruit, like constantly eating fruit's. Great. And I feel so much better. 'cause like the, I I drink water. It's, I'm blue in the face and I'm not hydrated. I eat fruits and shit like that. It's like, I feel Like It just sticks to your organs and Like, it just, Well, There's a lot of water, a lot of watermelon, Watermelon's. Fantastic. I love watermelon and apples. Do you take any sort of electrolytes, do you I do, I do. I mean Regularly. N I'm Gatorade, but I'm just trying to help you with your hands. Yeah. Gatorade. But there's this other stuff, I don't even know what it's called, but it's like a powder. It's like supposed to be less fat ing and you just put it in your water And it is like an accelerator of hydration.


Like Liquid IV or something like that. Something Yeah. Yeah. I don't Even know. There's a bunch of those that are really good. Yeah. But yeah, that's, You know, you, you could, you could take care of that. Like obviously your fingers are still working, but if you're starting to feel like real discomfort, there's some things you could do. Yeah. Ccb D'S a big one. Yeah. CBD helps so much. My friend Dave Foley, he had arthritis to the point where his hands were like totally cr couldn't straighten his hands out. Yeah. He started taking C, B, D And it all went away. That's crazy. Yeah. The benefits of, And it's incredible. It really is incredible. Yeah. Diet is a big one too Though. I think I'm getting my fair share of c, b, D and TC from the, not just that, not from the flour, but I, I like edibles.


Yeah. But not like distillate. I know what you're saying. I'm into rosin. Edibles. The, the difference is the C, BD you can isolate just the C, BD. Yeah. Yeah. And they can make it much higher concentrates. Oh really? Yeah. Like, I love this shit when I have muscle soreness is a CBD. I'm no affiliation. CBD MD has this product called freeze. It's 3000 milligrams. CB, D. It's a roll on. It's a roll on. So if you have like sore muscles. Yeah. They have all kinds of great, it's fucking great. I love it. But they have great gummies and oils and CBD is Fanta. Anytime you can eliminate inflammation in your life, that's good. Yeah. Whether it's your personal life or your body.


Yeah. Just eliminate All the information. So many people tell me this wave of like sea moss. Sea moss. Yeah. Like, people, like the benefits of Are you hearing about sea moss, Jeremy? I've heard of it. Yeah. Are you hearing about people eating it? I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. I haven't tried it, but I'm a big believer in ribeyes. Yeah. Ribeye. Medium rare. I mean too, I love that little salt butterfly with a char. Yeah. I'm not really into your sea moss. No. I've never tried the shit, but I've, everybody's like, you should do sea moss. Most Of that shit is starvation food. Really? Yeah. People eat it when they couldn't find fish. If you could find fish, you ate a fucking fish.


Why would you eat that stupid moss? That's, I think that's what, what most vegetables are. Most vegetables are starvation food. Yeah. I think I fuck with salads. I actually enjoy salads salad, but I do 'em, I'm gonna put dressing on it and shit. And Like, It destroys Right. Some Ranch, a little Caesar vibe. Extra. I just like oil and vinegar. Olive oil and vinegar is all I like on salads, but I like salads, So I eat salads. Yeah. I do like, I'm not like religious about it, but I just, I know that when I'm only eating like meat and steak and eggs, I feel way better. It's just, I, everything feels like it's in tune. My brain works better, my body feels more relaxed. It's, it's a tangible thing.


Yeah. When I eat a lot of bullshit. I feel it. Dude, I met these coming from like being a fucking, the middle of nowhere kid. Like not a rich kid. Not part of like some socialite type shit. I, I came up to like a certain level of people. It wasn like, pretty insane. Like Russian multi-billionaires. And what Is that like, hanging around with those cats? It wasn fucking bizarre. But I Remember that must be weird because they'll get you killed. Yeah. Right. It it, it could happen. Yeah. But like, I'm hanging out with this one guy who's probably one of the richest men in the world and we're eating borsch. He's like, Scotty, you should eat soup every day. It is good. I know what I'm telling you. I'm like, okay.


So I eat a lot of soup Soup's. Good soup is veg best. Basically vegetable juice. You ain like the hot broths and shit like that. It's just super good for you. It's good. You live longer, Bro. I used to live in Los Angeles. I used to go to Jerry's Famous Deli and get Jerry's and get their chicken noodle soup. They had the That's good With the Matza ball. Oh my God. Their chicken Noodle soup. No chives though. I tell them. Do they put chives in it? Normally Jerry's does. Yeah. But I, I Like not a chives guy. I like dill. Dill, Dill. Yeah. Okay. Like I got like a Russian nanny and different things like that that worked for me. And they put that fresh di Oh my God. And that just changes everything. That's like, that's like, mama never made A good, if it's like, you think about how Cold Rush is.


Of course they make a good soup. Yeah. Anywhere that's cold is gonna make a good soup. Yeah. You don't hear like soup from Texas. No. Right. You hear chili, you don't hear soup. You didn't hear about their soup. Queso. Queso. That's kind of soup. I had the butternut squash soup where you put me at last night at the Four Seasons. And that's just not my kind of soup. So it was good, but it's not like, it's not my favorite. It's basically vegetable juice. Yeah. That's where you're drinking hot vegetable juice. It of course. Good for you. Table cream, all of it. Right? Oh, that kind of stuff where they meet their little, the white swirls on the top, like it's a latte. Yeah. Fancy. Yeah. Very fancy Scott. So, So yeah, music.


We started like talking about how my music career evolved. Pull up Top Mic. Huh? So earlier we were talking about where did it start? And I went all the way back. So now I'm hanging with this guy, Richard, that my, You know, the videographer. I was saying that my, that I met in my dad's office. He took me and started making an attempt to be professionalize myself as a musician. Join the Roots. We got a record deal and I, I loved it. You know, I was now like a very like, lucky guy to be involved in something cool.


But I, I was bringing something real major to the table within the group. And I just felt like after a while I wasn't appreciated. And that I was just gonna be remembered as the guy who played Keys for the Roots. Like, and I wanted more than that. I left the group for a multitude of reasons. Some I usually don't talk about, but like, I, You know, boo-hoo I felt some reverse racism. I know that people have dealt with shit, like fucked up shit. And, but I was just like kind of mortified. One time I'm on a stage and I just remember I'm performing with the Roots at, in New York, this event called The Black Lilly and playing the keyboards backing everybody up and this and that.


And somebody was rapping, da da da da. This, they pointed me the white devil something else. Just like, what the fuck is happening here? Like, I, I'm, were they serious? I'm the most they loving around. No, no. It was fucked up shit, bro. It really hurt me because I'm like, I don't see color, I don't see any of that shit. I'm the most like, just coolest motherfucker in that aspect. Like it, to me, racism bothers me. But it was like, You know, my, my family now were not representing for me. And that, that let that happen. And it just combined with, so someone on the stage said that? Yes. One of the rappers, I'm not gonna say names, but God damn shit was just like, how is this happening right now? God damn. And You know, I felt like all the credit and for all the like, big melodies and stuff that I was creating for the group was just being swept under the rug.


And like I said, I gotta leave this group and I'm dating this girl at the time who was like urging me not to. She was saying, you're gonna be the Pete, best of the Roots. You know who Pete Best is? Yeah. The Beatle. He left The Beatles. Yeah. Yeah. So she was like, you're gonna be a Pete. Best of the Ruth. I was like, that's cool. She actually dumped me all that shit. And, and I, I, I continued on my journey, attempting to be a music producer and not joined bands. And I met this guy through the whole process of being in the roots. His name was Derek Jackson. And he and I, he embraced me into, You know, you're so talented, like, let's give it a go.


And we would take these trips from Philly to New York and just go to every a and r every fucking label. Trying people that contacts that this guy Derrick had in New York. He was from New York. You know, like he would just use them. And then the first week we were doing that, we got a couple bites. And one was, my first client was Busta Rhymes. Wow. Who was, I'll never forget it. Busta like, believed me. He is like, all right. And I went to the studio and we made a record. One shot, one kill Baby. That's how it is. Like you get one shot, You know, it's not like, and we made Bla Al, which was on his album Anarchy.


And we also got that same week, maybe three days later, Capone and Noriega and CNN the album, You know, Nores got his like, his like, You know, his whole world and podcast now. So he's proud of that guy. Great guy. But yeah, they believed in me. And the day I went in, I'll never forget it, Capone whose partner was coming home from jail that day. And the theme of the day was, I guess he got him some girls and like, like on the way to the studio to come work. And now he's like all day. He kept saying, it's nothing, it's nothing to come home from jail with these girls in your limousine and come work with me and Scotty and this.


And it wasn. It was just an amazing day. We made music, we made like three. And then I was off to the races, man, I was making music. Wow. And a whole bunch of cool stuff in between there. And then still ain't make no money, but I'm now like doing shit. Is that You? Yeah. Lemme shut this Off. Isn't it funny that, that fear of like the, the Pete best type thing? That's such a real thing. Yeah. In the beginning you don't have any idea what your future's gonna Be like. Did I like, and I would see shit on Yeah. Like they're appearing here or they're doing this and that. It'd be like, fuck. But what did I do? Right? I held in there and then I, I'm always, I, a lot of people say this, but I'm like a fucking very harmonious person.


I always do good for everybody. I never, like, I I, you could accuse me of being a lot of things, but being an asshole, I'm not. So when I was in my first trip to la alright, I went to LA to perform and I did this, this open mike at the Martini Lounge. It was my first time ever going to California. And it was Like, It was a roots event. I wasn't in the group anymore, but like, whatever I had to do, I was gonna make a few hundred bucks to go play background on this, on this thing. It wasn't the roots, it was like an open mic with Pete. Random people coming and this and that. Okay. So I did this thing and who do I see come up to me?


But a chick I knew from Philly and she was like, storage, shut up. What up? She's like, you're not gonna believe this. But I signed a record deal with Dr. Dre in aftermath, You know, I was like, wow, that's crazy. So she, she's like, I'm gonna hook you up with Dre. You're always fucking good to me in Philly. And you never tried to smash. You let me go in the studio. And we did cool stuff together. And Like, It was a platonic thing, like if she was my homegirl. And sure enough, I go and I meet up with Tre. I'm waiting for him to come out. I'm in the lobby, like nervous as hell. I don't have anything to play for him. I have my fingers. That's about it. And I go into a room and he sits me down.


He's like, I heard you good at them keys. And I start playing for him and this and that. And he's real quiet and I'm just like listening. I'm like, ah, nothing's coming from this. I'm, I'm gonna go home sad today. He leaves the room, I'm still sitting in there. I'm like, I don't know if I should be just leaving or I'm supposed to stay in here. And this dude, Larry Chapman is like one of his like, head dudes comes back in, says, Dre wants you to stay here for a long time. He's gonna gonna get you a hotel and here's some money. I was like, I was like, really? Okay. And Dre wants you to stay here for a long time. Yeah. He was just Like, It, like, lemme know if Dre wants you here, man. Like you can stay.


'cause I was, wow. I was gonna get on a plane back to Philly that night. Hmm. And I remember I went back to the hotel, I got all my shit and now I'm being switched to like a fancy hotel. And I'm like chilling. And I got some money. I went and rented a fucking five series BMW and I was like, wow. I am in LA for the first time. I have money. I just met Dre. I'm about to make a fucking album with Dr. Dre. Wow. The next day I go, I go to the studio, I meet up with Dre and he's telling me all kinds of cool shit, man. Like, he accepted me into his world. Like, It was like such a, it was surreal, bro. It's a movie scene. It was surreal. Dre wants you, you stay for a long time.


I got, I got this, I got this. He's telling me I got this rapper that is really talented. I believe in him, blah da da da da, the white boy and this and that. And in walks Eminem. Wow. And like, he let me finish up some record that he was doing with him. It was like one of em's first releases at just the two of us. You know what I'm talking about? And I played a little keys on that over there. The next day, me and Dre went in to work on his project and we made big egos, which made it to, that's like that one shot, one kill thing. Like that first day worked out. It led to me being along Dre's, You know, side and in his, his camp for a very long time.


But There's just a handful of dudes like you out there in the world that I call like a musical magician. You know, there's, there's people that people call upon, You know, like, you gotta get Storch. I'm a producer. Producer. Right. But like, what is that? Like, what separates you from other musicians that makes you this savant? Do you think about it? Or would that take away the Magic? Bro, I could barely tie my shoe laces. Right. But You know how to bang out some Beats this shit. I got this shit right. I was telling you about that Russian oligarch. Okay. He looked at me one time and he says, Scotty, you are not playing this keyboard. You are fucking the piano. Like, I don't know what you're doing, but you, it's wrong.


I, I'm not an educated guy, but like, I have rhythm, like on some different shit. Like Bob James, like your, your boys. The, the black, the black keys. Like Love those guys Look, not to jump around too much, but working with them is the first time. Like, I feel like I did anything good. I can't explain it in what way? I have all these hits, like the candy shop do this, that Beyonce. Every single thing. I'd be like, the first time I really got into it on some real touch, the culture real shit. Not what's people like trap music and dumb shit like that.


Yeah. This is like the real, as it gets and I got to use these vintage keyboards. I'm playing shit with a WW pedal on a keyboard and like going crazy. And like, if you look at my Instagram sometime you'll see some of the shit that like I'm doing like in their studio. I Do. I watch it all the time. Their studio's insane Man. Like, and those toys, like, I was really tapping in. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It was so much fun. But I just love those two guys. They're just, and they're so fucking talented, man. We saw 'em out here at Stubbs. Yeah. Fuck. It was so fun, man. Yeah, man. And something about Nashville is a great place to make music, man. That Well think about how much great music has come out of there and then the memory of that shit is burned into the city.


Yeah. I, I believe in that. I believe that places have memory. You know? I really do. Yeah. You feel it. Yeah. I think there's a, there's an element. I mean, it's not everything about a place, but I think places have memory. You know, I, I think that a place like Nashville, I mean, and also it's small enough 'cause 'cause it's kind of a tight community. Everybody kind of knows everybody. There's so many musicians there. Kid rocks there, black keys there. I was just with him. Yeah. Kid Rock. He told me he was, he, he, You know. Yeah. I read into it. The UFC Kid rock's. My favorite fucking thing of all time is going to his giant track of land in Nashville and seeing his fucking White House. I, Yeah.


Like with the rotating dining room and the fucking crazy suck. Cool. He is out of his mind. He did well man. Yeah. He was one of, I know when I met him, I met him. He used to come up to the studio when we were making the chronic album with Dre and I, I think it was Like, It was like visiting I think with a lot with Eminem. And I don't dunno if it was doing some other stuff, but he was, he was there quite a bit. Cool guy man. Yeah. He's always at the UFC with Trump. It's hilarious. 'cause Trump comes into American Badass. The crowd goes nuts when they know he's there and then kid rocks behind him. It's like the Republican Avengers. Dude, I performed at Mar-a-Lago not long ago. No way. Yeah. I jammed out, I did a Blacks for Trump thing and I, it was cool man.


Jeff Dive was telling me he's done standup at Mar-a-Lago. How crazy is that? Yeah, that's a fucking, he's a genius. I really, he he got a sick, sick operation over that. Mar-a-Lago is insane, bro. I need to check it out. We thought about doing a, we do this podcast called Protect our Parks with Shane Gillis. Ari Shafi and Mark Norman. It's a crazy park. We get hammered and drink beer outta like this giant freedom bong. It's like a Eagles asshole. You're drinking the beer outta And we, we talked about doing one from Mar-a-Lago. We might do that still. That's Cool. I'm supposed to go there. I think I'll go there for on the 13th. They're doing some kind of event, like a roaring twenties vibe dinner and then like a whole weekend of A roaring twenties.


Like, it's like you wear the outfits. I mean I'm not gonna but like that theme Bro. I wear wearing them outfits. Suit. That would be badass suit. What did they wear? What was like a roaring twenties outfit? Zoot suit. I would imagine that's like double breasted. Yeah. Like the Peaky Blinders. What those dudes wore. Yeah. What did they wear? The twenties. The Shelbys Zoot Suits. Man. What do they wear? Roaring twenties men. There you go. Oh yeah. Oh that looks slick. It Was hats. Look at that. They all wore hats. Isn't that crazy Luciano shit going on. Isn't that crazy? That like nice hats just went away. We were talking about that the other day and we were watching an old school fight with Jack Johnson and every man on the street, like waiting in line for the fight.


All the people in the audience for the fight, all of them had fancy hats on. Men used to just wear fancy hats. Something happened. Fancy hats just fell apart. Like if you were in the fancy hat business in 1920 and be like, bro, we got it forever. Yeah. Like fancy hats ain't going away, but fancy hats completely fucking went. If you fancy. There were a Fancy couple of companies, a friend of mine was wearing a hat. He's like, You know those hats like four credit. I'm like, it's like some fancy company that got out. I'm sure there's companies, but it's not like they, everybody's Like, It was baseball hats. Everybody buys baseball hats, You know? But fancy hats. They just went la If you would ask those fancy hat people, do you think one day the president will be wearing a baseball hat or a fancy hat?


They'd be like a fancy hat. He's the fucking president. Nope. Make America great again. Yep. Baseball hat with a suit on. It's crazy. You Know what? Fancy hats just fell outta style. Yeah. I think You can't bring it back either. It's become a much more casual world, I believe. Yeah. And it's like, I mean, sometimes I always bitch like, ah, people knew how to dress when we used to go out. I would put on a sport coat and wear, You know. But like at the end of the day, Like It, I get it. It's all bullshit. Yeah. It's what? It's all bullshit. Yeah. It's nice to dress up. Sometimes fun. Sometimes it's a pain in the ass sometimes. Yeah. It's a pain in the ass. Lately I've just been changing my whole fashion way. Like a friend of mine said something, he's like, even though I have nice things, but he's like, you don't need a Ferrari.


Be the Ferrari. When you walk in a room, there's a fucking, you're on South Beach and all these fucking guys that barely have a pot to piss in are getting outta the Lambo and the fucking valet and the iced out and shit. Like I'm the king of that shit. I was filthy rich and did all that shit. And I might as well have just landed a fucking spaceship on top of the club. Like I was doing everything. But lately I just, it turns me off. I look at myself and I look like a, I feel like a poser. Mm. Like I feel like the richest guy in the room is wearing a fucking, a fucking a, a bare bones, no diamonds type shit. Like I just, Well look at Elon Musk. Yeah. Dude wears occupying Mars T-shirts. Doesn't even have a watch.


Yep. You know, it's just, so that's the theory, just hanging. That's where I'm at. You Don't, I think what happens is, in the beginning you want everybody to know you're doing well. So you have all your stuff on you. You dress real nice, You know, know. Like, wow, Scots looks good. He looks sharp. But then when you're undeniable you reach a point in your life where you, you're just like, what am I, who am I doing this for? This is stupid. Yeah. Well if you're like me and you have a point in your life where you had a hundred million dollars and you were trying to impress everybody and you fucking didn't have any respect for buddy. Like my financial manager walked away from me back in the day. He said, you're unmanageable. Why were you going crazy? I was going, I was spending so much money. But Look, you're still here. Yay. I had fun. I had Plenty of had good time. Bet you had a good time. But when you lose everything Yeah.


You want to like fake it and be like, oh no, I still got it. And like I'm the guy with the most obnoxious set of diamonds. Right. You don broke his shit. 'cause I just wanted to look the art. My ego wouldn't let me let go of that shit. That's a negative feedback loop. Yeah. 'cause that doesn't feed into art either. No it doesn't. It's The opposite. It doesn't. I It's the opposite of art. All of that. Yeah. I have to like really take it back to nothing. Like I don't care about labels and shit. I like nice things. Look not, I don't like have to do the pull up on the club. But look, there's nothing wrong with a fucking nine 11. Like it's just a great car. Like Yeah. There's amazing Engineering or anything. Yeah. Like I do it for me now, like whatever I do. And I'm just like, I'm really getting into my music.


I'm getting into a lot of things. I appreciate both things. I appreciate people who dress real nice and I appreciate people who don't give a fuck. I think there's a place for everybody. There's a happy medium. Yeah. And then the stuff, stuff is not life. Life is not your stuff. No. But some stuff is fucking cool. Hell yeah. Like Kat Williams, when he was here, he wasn't even living here or staying here. And somehow or another he got a electric Rolls Royce. So he's here, he's here for a day to do a show. And wasn't he doing a show somewhere else or something like an arena somewhere. But one of the things he said, he said, when you sitting in this car, You know what you spent your money. Yeah. Because it's like, it's you. You go, oh it's, I, I know why this is $600,000.


Look how fucking amazing this thing is. No. Yeah. Lights on the ceiling. And I love nice things. I just like 'em for different reasons. Right. You don't like 'em for showing off. You like 'em Because you like 'em 'cause they're awesome. There's nothing wrong with luxury. Yes. You Know what I'm saying? There's nothing wrong with luxury. The problem It your car. But The problem is you trying to show everybody your luxury instead of just enjoying it. Like, look in my car or, Or prioritizing it. Before your children or before things. Things before anything. Like Before anything. Yeah. Before anything before food. Yeah. It shouldn't come before anything. Yeah. It should be just a fun thing. And when you get to a level of success that you're at, if you don't figure that out, that's when it's the saddest when someone makes a ton of money and doesn't go, oh, it's not about the things, it's about the relationships that I have.


It's about my friends, it's about my loved ones, my family. It's about the people that I work with. It's about everybody having a good time. It's about let's all get together and break bread and eat and, and hug each other and tell each other we love each other and do great work and have a good time. And just enjoy this life experience. That's the thing. That's the thing. The Car is just like, look, that's Cool dude. It's, it's icing. Yeah. If you pull up in a cool car, I'm like, check it out what You got? But that is all some people have to offer in their like life. And like they think that that is great. Well, You know, the, the problem is that's seemingly the most unattainable thing when you're broke and you see some guy who pulls up in a, a brand new nine 11. You're like, what the fuck? This is yours. Yeah. It's, it's mind blowing.


Yeah. I had Bugatti's and all kinds of shit. I mean you had those things. I had everything. I won for the best car collection on fucking MTV cribs. I had like 26 cars, bro. If you name, I had like $10 million cars. Wow. Like crazy shit. Like I'm an idiot. But at any rate, Yeah. But those are fun too. Yeah. If you can afford It. No. Yeah. But I lived a billionaire's life as a millionaire. I had a hundred million, I thought I said a hundred billion in an account. I thought there was an X to zero. But recently I met a guy, he just met Kevin. Kevin is a fucking like, just a great person. I, I had met him years and years ago.


He was the head of security for 50 cent. And when he, he brought 50 to my house to do the candy shop. Okay. And that's where I met him. But I lost touch with him for so many years and just, You know, not so long ago, just re-met him at this studio. This guy Bebe at Circle House said, yo, I got you. You got this guy wants to, you met him before but he wants to meet you. He's now the owner of the Platinum Security Group, which is like one of the largest corporate security companies in the nation. Like as guy owns so much real estate, he owns half a poker Raton. He's like a major freaking guy. And he, like we started, he wanted a, You know, initially hired me to do some music for some artists that he had a record label.


And we ended up partnering on that record label and partnering on these different type things that were, You know, different projects and shit that we're doing. And he is like, yo, first of all, you need to get the fuck outta Miami and I want you to move an hour Norris to Boca so you can focus and really make the music and stop worrying about, 'cause Miami like starts slipping into my old ways. And girls are every day Miami is it show up and it's a cesspool bro. And it's so much fun and it's so fucked up. And there's so much as, and there's so much drugs and there's so much everything and it's like, fuck that. You should have to have a passport to go to Miami.


Right. That is not America. That's a new thing. That's some new thing. Miami's wild. It's good to go there if you need to fucking be there. But like The energy in that place is An hour. Amazing. An hour down the road is beautiful waterfront living and normalcy and just far enough to where the, you can get there. The garbage is not gonna like Right. Hit you every day. You can get there if you want. Yeah. But yeah, you're outside. That's What I think. So he's Like It from, from the outside. Move up here since I did that. And advice. That's advice. Advice lead. So many great things are happening. Yeah. Even just like unlocking, You know how you block your blessings. Like I was blocking my blessings and now they're starting to come. I'm here with you talking and telling my story and like, like things like that are happening.


Great things. I have an artist that, You know, I'm working on. I have my album. I decided like, You know how Khaled makes an album. He's got all these different people and like, I'm like, You know what I'm gonna like, I've made my whole life of just making hit records for labels and for their artists. Why not develop artists and do my own album and use some of those artists for my projects. And yeah. I'm putting out a, a slew of singles. This girl Abby Sta that Kevin introduced me to is like so amazing. I think there might be a picture somewhere of that.


I was told like, 'cause I'm, I'm using her for my single, for my first single like even though she, You know, we're gonna be developing her album and, but I'm doing my single featuring her and then a whole bunch of other ones that I'm gonna be putting out. I have one with Young Blue and tons. I have tons of singles. But yeah we have this song and yeah I'm excited man. Like I'm doing the things I always wanted to do. I'm taking like full on initiative now. And you Think moving an hour outside Miami was a big part of that I think. Yeah. In order to like just Balance. Yeah. Balance myself. You need balance man. You need to be able to go hard but you need to be able to recover, relax and focus.


You need privacy, you need solitude. So you can think everybody needs that. Yeah. You need balance in your life. If you don't, you just go, you lean in one direction you want, it's like, it's like your body. You only work out your biceps to fucking, your hips are gonna go some something's gonna go wrong. Sure. You're gonna fuck your body up with imbalance. You're gonna fuck your life up with imbalance. Everything needs some sort of a balance and everybody's balance is different. You know, for a guy like you who goes hard, you probably should get the fuck outta Miami. You probably should be living in Poka right now with all the quiet people. Yep. And I'm loving it. If I need to go to Miami, I'm one hour. Go to Miami One hour. Fuck it. How hard is that? I love Florida. It is a fucking crazy ass place.


It is. If crazy ass place filled with reptiles. Yeah. Right. And they literally were walking around on your dock. You know, I mean there's so many iguana iss like Giant iguanas falling outta trees when it gets cold out. Yeah. It's funny as shit. It's just such a fucked up place. But it's so fun. Yeah. There's so many good things. And during the pandemic I think people started to really appreciate Florida. Like so many people moved down there. They're like, Hey you could just, just live here. You don't have to just be under the tyrannical control of the government. Look the Northeast was a great place to, as a, as a young guy to build strength and the changing of the seasons and scraping the ice off your fucking windshield. Yes. And just learning about being a man wearing Timberland boots.


'cause you're fucking freezing cold. Right. And I think, I think every young person should have to like experience that 100%. Not Just like sunshine bro. I grew up in Boston. Yeah. And You know, it's cold as fuck in the winter when when I was a kid we made money by shoveling snow and that, You know, that's backbreaking fucking work shoveling long steep driveways and shit for a hundred bucks. Yeah. You know. But if, if you could do that and do that all the time, like you build resolve, you're out there freezing, your hands are numb, You know, we'd play outside in the snow, your fucking hands would go numb. You come in, you can't feel your feet. Makes you stronger.


It Makes you stronger. Scraping the ice off your windshield before you go to work. Yep. Salting in this fucking the walk. I feel bad for people that don't grow up in those environments. 'cause I really think it gives you a little extra edge. Yeah. And those changing of seasons is amazing. Yeah. Different feelings, different moods and All my favorite comedians for the most. Well that's not true. I was gonna say that. But then Kennison, he was from Texas. Sam. Yeah. But it wasn different. That dude was, that's a different thing I always think about back to school. Think about that. Kenon. I don't know why. My mind just goes right there. Was he Right? Was He right? I was there. That dude's awesome. Yeah, He was awesome. I Have an appreciation for film.


I have an appreciation for comedians. Like I like, I really like, I grew up like dude, I was buying like Richard Pryor albums as a kid and Eddie Murphy albums and You know, I spent, a lot of times I became good friends with Mike pps. I became a lot of comedians. Comedians are tortured souls. You guys like, I think a lot of like that whole comedy tragedy thing is like very serious. Well there's something to for Many, Yeah. There's something to that. But it's, you just gotta figure out how to balance it. Like we were talking about before, for me, I balance it out with exercise. Exercise and saunas and cold plunges and yoga and shit like that. That's how I balance it out. Yeah. That's how I keep my mind straight. Yeah.


But if I didn't I would be spiraling just like all of them. I think you, you, you need something in your life that's more difficult than your life. Something that you do, that you choose to do that's more difficult than regular life. 'cause then it makes regular life way more manageable. Well it's kind of cool. I'm 50 and I'm like inspired like what I was in my early twenties and just like doing the music and it's like sometimes I get reminded of like the fact, You know, like when you're trying to like keep up, like there's a session like, and you're gonna have to go meet little baby at three in the morning. It's like, and you're 50.


Okay. Fuck it. I just do it. I just have to compensate for it. Yeah. I could have just went for days back in the day. Right. Without drugs. You know what I'm saying? Right, right. And like now it's like, all right, I'm gonna sleep real late 'cause I'm gonna have to go at three o'clock in the morning. So Is that like a standard thing? Like what? Like when rappers come in they wanna work with you. Do they generally wanna work late at night? Rappers? Yeah. Yes. They all wanna work late At night. Yes. And my biggest problem is, I know I can't always tell 'em that. Like sometimes you should just send them CDs and shit, but I know when you get in a room and you make some shit right there on the spot for somebody and you feeling their energy, that's when the best records happen.


Yes. These dudes, like a lot of dudes are not like with it, but there's some are. That's The extra magic, right? Yeah. I think the best artists want that. The ones that aren't really artists, they just want some bullshit to rap on some more bullshit. But it's, there's something, you're exchanging something as human beings, right? You're you're with that person, you're experiencing them, they're experiencing you, the music, the song, everything together, the lyrics. There's, that's a human experience. That's why like I refuse to do Zoom podcasts. Like some people in other countries, you have feeling energy. They wanted to be on a screen and just sit in the living room while you gotta be in the room. You gotta fly here bro. You gotta, you gotta be in the room. I'll give you a perfect example.


I got a call a week ago FaceTime, And it was j Cole I seen on my phone and like I was chilling. Like, I was like, oh shit, it's j Cole and my Neighbor think I'm selling dope. He says, He says, he says, yo Storch, I figured out a way and I can harness that Storch thing. You're in Florida, I'm flying there. So I'm, I'm going home from this tomorrow. He's gonna be there the next day. We're gonna be working at, at a hit factory. But he gets it. Like We were just listening to neighbors in the green room last night. Oh yeah. And we're all going motherfucker. I am.


So I'm excited. I'm excited when somebody wants to get in the room and they have Yeah. A idea of like what they feel like out of the Scott Storch bag of tricks. Like they want to like harness or encompass their life. Well you're also a guy that like you find out you're working with Scott Storch that day, everybody gets fired up. So there's like a feat 'cause you've had so much success that there's this like excitement about you and you're in the room and that creates like additional like inspiration. Yeah. You know, I think by all to all clients because if somebody's gonna be in a room when I'm not there and they're like, this is the one Scott Storch did, that shit had better, if I like the artist or I don't like whatever the hell it is, they have to be like, yo, that beat is fucking flames.


Like So I give my all the shit. And for some reason man, like I said, like I just, this is one of the few things I can just do over and over again. I do it good, I give results. Nothing always sounds the same. If somehow I manage to pull it off and it's like, I just remember Dr. Dre telling me, yo, because his work ethic is crazy. He says, you don't have to be on every day, just most days. Mm. And it stuck with me and I was like, yeah, man. Like, You know, you gotta be known for being the guy that hit home runs almost every time. Not every time, but almost every time. But when you're dealing with something that involves creativity, you, it can't be every day. It's not possible.


You're asking too much of the muse. Yeah. You know, but that's also the problem with like, being a workaholic. You're going hard all the time. You're, you're constantly working and you're gonna have your hits and you're gonna have your misses. And that's just a part of the process. I go hard with everything that I do, whether it be a bad thing or a good thing. Yeah. Like I, most people do. I got like, You know, the same energy I give to that, to the music and shit. I was given to like the wrong things for a while. A good friend of mine, we were talking about a buddy of ours that died. He died from pills. And he was super clean. He was a professional pool player, like a really like world class pool player. Super clean.


Never did anything, never drank, never smoked, got in a car accident, fucked his back up, started getting on pills and pain pills. To him he chased pain pills. The way he chased being the best in the world at pool. The same thing that got him to be a wizard at playing pool. That at same obsession, tore him down. That same obsession, got wrapped up in the pills. And he died. He died young. And we were talking about him like, that is what it is. That's, that's where obsession and addiction cross paths. One can serve you. One can ruin you. And they're, they're the same energy. S just how you channel the fire. You could channel the fire to wood and cook your food or you can channel it to your house and now you're fucked.


Like where do you put the fire? How do you, how do you direct it? And if you direct it the right way, you can have an amazing life and do all kinds of cool shit and have a great time and meet cool people and have a fun life. Or you could do it the wrong way and just be on skid row. Yeah. Covered in scabs. It's Hard to balance sometimes things that are take over your soul. Yeah. Like pills and shit like that. Yes. Later I wanna talk to you about, I, I got into like the bus, the business of rehab, not for money. I got into the business of rehab to help people. But, but that's later, honestly. Like I got, my whole life was just all music, music, music. I loved music. I loved going in my fucking car and just listening to the things I love.


Like music. I love Music of the seventies. And I love Marvin Gaye. I like all his fucking, I love Marvin Gaye. Incredible music, earth, wind in fires and this, that, like, I just, that's where it all comes from. So I based my music on the past 50 years of music, a hundred years of music. And I was doing good. I smoked pounds of weed, made my music, lived a very healthy life, and became very rich. And I was in a bubble for so long that one day I'm living in a house that Ivanka Trump recently just bought. 'cause my house on Indian Creek Island. Okay. Which I owned outright.


I had bought the fucking house for cash from the widow of the founder of Southern Wine and Spirits. And I bought this house. It was fucking massive topiary gardens and incredible thing. I was living a healthy life. And I wasn't in my mind like, cool, but I was like happy. I was cool. It wasn as cool as it gets. 'cause I was balanced and healthy and doing what I love to do. But I felt like I was yearning for some, something bad or I don't know what I was yearning for. But this girl ended up showing up at my doorstep, a very famous girl. And look, I was just, I'm not playing the game, like blame game or anything, but it's just a course of events happened.


Paris Hilton shows up at my door initially to work on music and we ended up connecting. And I learned this whole new way of life, like with Paparazzi's and being like next to her and then, excuse me, inevitably hooking up with her and we're now an item and shit. And we're, You know, kind like we're having tons of fun. We're good friends, but I think we're both using each other in a certain way. Like where I'm like, like so excited to be next to this girl who's like the coolest, most famous girl in the world. She's like my girl. And like she's next to a few her passion, who's at that time music.


And she was like next to me, who I'm the number one music producer in the world at the time. And it went on. And then inevitably the nightlife led to fucking cocaine. And that Don No, no, No. I'm now She don't lie. She don't lie. First year, year and a half going here on planes and San Roee and St. Bards and the flyest shit you could do and flyest the best fucking coke and all, all that shit. Just having a blast. And then it just goes bad. And then it's just like that you have a relations you see in the movie Blow and Oh yeah. You've seen how hot Penelope Cruz.


Oh yeah. And, and doer, like in the beginning they like into each other And it just comes of course all like, there's no happy ending. Your Foundation gets rotted out under your Yeah. And like my a-list life was like, You know, I was born there and like I was now like in that situation. And then it ended up with Kim Kardashian and all these different things. And like, she wasn't even famous at that point, but like, You know, she's cool man. She's always been a great person. And like, first Of all, I gained a lot of respect for her when she started working for criminal and prison reform. Yeah. That's a And it just shows like she's, that shit's from the heart too. She's Advocacy for people that are wrongfully accused.


Yeah. Man. She's done a lot of good things. She's, that lady's gotten a lot of people outta jail. Yeah. I, I look as long as I've known Kim, she's never been anything but just a super sweet person. And That's awesome. I met her before the fame. Like I, we dated before the fame and You know, I just, I was a hot mess. Like I was the one fucked up one when we were together. Like, I just was not focused. I was just thinking about strippers and drugs and this and that and was just at, I was still on a high level, but I was living a fucked up life. I had a session now I, I moved to Palm Island from Indian Creek because everything I was doing, I was trying to impress Paris and like I knew that everybody wanted to be on Star Island and Palm Island and like close to the party.


South Beach was right. It was South Beach. South Beach. Right. I didn't know that. Where I was living already was the big daddy. Like, it wasn houses, you have to be a, You know, everybody's there like Bezos, everybody's there now. Like where I was, I'm, I moved to this house on Palm Island. I go from a 90 foot yacht to a much bigger yacht. I take these leaps just trying to impress her and just blow her mind even though she didn't need that. But I was trapped doing it. Yeah. It was all some weird mental like thing. Like, I felt like a Lot of people get caught in that spiral when they start making money to, I didn't wanna be famous. I wanted to be the most famous. I wanted to be the biggest boss, not just a boss. I had to be that guy boy. And when I lost everything, it was Like, it's bad news.


And dude, I had Janet Jackson at my house to do a session pre Or post nipple at the Super Bowl. I don't even remember, I don't remember the nipples, but I remember this sweet cool lady. When I met Janet, I was told to not even like, really like talk to her. Like more like, like talk to like somebody and like, You know, it was Like, it was like a for real, like Yeah. It was like, pass your message and tell this person that they're gonna like, relay it. Like even in the same room to the point where within a few hours, like, Like you're collaborating with music Just for the first few like, minutes this happened. Oh, okay. And then like, dude, we became like homies. Like It was like immediate. Like I was like, fuck that. Well, sometimes it's the handlers that fuck things Up. Yeah. The handlers.


I've Seen people that they, they give themselves extra importance. Yeah. By like saying if you want to talk to her, you have to talk to me first. Yeah. Like yeah. You know, that Kinda shit. Like creating a role for themselves. Yeah. And creating like a little bit of insecurity on your part too. Like, don't address Ms. Jackson cri. Right. Address me. Yeah. I'll address Mrs. Jackson that It Wasn exactly it. And probably she might not even know about all that. Dude. We Were, by the end of the day, I was like, You know, I was smoking my, I was smoking my weed and she was like, I was telling her about the different kinds I had and these, these New York plastic jars and this and that and like, just cool as hell. But flash forward to now she's coming to, to Palm Island to work. I left her at my house for like seven or eight hours because I wanted to go to the gold rush and go get some blow and hang out with strippers.


It was just like, are you fucking serious? Like, you're really gonna do that. Yeah. Like, you don't see it at the time. 'cause it's outta your fucking mind. You're outta your fucking mind. Outta my mind. Yeah. Outta my tits. It's just, it's so much regret for Things like that. When you have so much money and you have power and fame, it's like you have too much possibility. Yeah. There's too many things that can entice you. And if you're doing blow and going to strip clubs all the time, it's just like, more titties in my face. Please. Yeah. Like, let's keep doing it. Let's keep partying, let's stay up. It's selfish. It's, and it's, and you're not thinking about it Because you, you, what are he saying? Goodfellas? Ah, your brain is going to mush something. It's, I balance. It's true. It's imbalance. It's like what we're talking about. So you need a balance. The A-list parties turn to B-list parties.


The B-list turns to sea list. The sea list turns to fucking street urchins. You know what I mean? I remember I've had some fucking funny moments though. Like, I remember having a party, it was like a Super Bowl party. I had like seven or 800 people at my house. And like, everybody's like fizzling out. It's now like nine in the morning, 10 in the morning. I think Snoop was there, Mike Epps was there. Different people were hanging out, lingering, chilling, like family people now, now it's like friends and shit. And like, there's a knock on my door at like 10:00 AM and it's Pamela Anderson. And that shit was the funniest shit in my house. Living with me at that time was one of my favorite people.


And I knew he was upstairs, like sleeping or whatever. My good friend, DMX, God rest his soul. And Pamela was showing up and I was like, yo ex your ex, check this out. I was all geeked out. I'm like, so thinking, it's so funny that I got Pamela coming to my house at 10 in the morning and he comes over the, the, the railing of my house. And he's like, looks over. He's like, Baywatch. And then he just walked back away, walked back in the fucking thing. Okay. X was like, X was living with me man. And Like, it was like the blind leading the blind. I'm a coke addict and he was a crack addict. And I'm like trying to help him.


I'm like, man, you really need to get clean, man. Like It, like, what the fuck? It's really, yeah. So I'm like, yo, you need to go to rehab. I'm like, So I, I get him, I convince him like to avoid like a, a jail sentencing for something, a charge that he had, whatever. He went to rehab and like getting his shit together. The, the place that I had gone, that didn't really work for me, but I had him there. I really did care about him. I wanted him off that shit. Like whatever it wasn like a worse evil or a faster suicide than I was even on. And he ran out of the place and I got a call from him, but the place was directly across the street from the Hard Rock in Hollywood, Florida.


And he's like, calls me. He's like, yo, what's up? I'm like, well, How are you calling me? You don't have phone privileges like that. And face, he's like, I'm across the street from the rehab at the Hard Rock with one of the nurses. And like, I'm like, oh my God, are you fucking kidding me? I was like, yo ex, Cover yourself up. Come back to my house. I'm gonna talk to these people. Let you back in. And they wouldn't let him back in. It was like real tough motherfucker to own this place. And he ended up, 'cause it was court ordered, he had to go away. I'm at the re one morning a couple of days later and my security is like, yo, Doug, there's 50 federal agents here. Woo, woo woo. Like crazy shit, bro.


It was like, I couldn't believe it. I felt horrible. And then you flash forward to, not so long ago, I was heavily involved in a rehab center in, in California in Studio City where we used cannabis for healing. And it came to my attention that he was on his last legs X was in bad shape. So I was able to make a meeting happen. My partner Steve LaBelle, I dunno if You know who Steve LaBelle is. Managed Bone Thugs in Harmony. And all these people, like real legend, we were partners on his place and we had X come in.


He had emphysema. He was one rock away from death. Like, You know, that kind of thing. Yeah. So we convinced him, we put him on a private plane to Washington to do a detox. He went, he went through the whole detox and his plan was to leave the detox and come to our facility inpatient and to rehab. He never made it back on the plane to head back. And we never saw him again. Oh. And like, it wasn me trying to save a man's life. And I really loved man. He was like such a special guy, but like Such a special performer. Yeah man. There's, there's so one Of the greatest to ever do it.


Oh, without a doubt. Without a doubt. The power that that guy had in his voice. It was amazing. But wild people make wild shit and Some intense, I'm one of 'em, it's like sometimes Yeah, you can't control it. You Can't calculate or, Yeah. I mean, going back to Kinison, I mean that just did him, man. I mean he died in a car accident. But I mean his, he was falling apart 'cause it was all cocaine. Cocaine and drinking. And the wildest of the wilds all get caught up in that life. 'cause it's you, you escape yourself. It's An escape. An escape. I was just about to say. Yeah, it's an escape. The Difference between enjoying yourself and an escape is, You know, but bro, Like the come down, like after like, 'cause after a while, like that, like getting fucked up and going to sleep doesn't work.


It's like, it's like now you want to go for two days, three days the way you feel at the end of that run. It's no good bro. It's, It's not good. It's just no good. Well, you're closing in on death. Yeah. That's the reality. You do Two days body shutting down. People don't like to think that. But if you're up for two days, you're about four days away from death. Yeah. That's crazy. You keep that up for four days, you're gonna die. You'll stroke out. You'll have a heart attack. Something will go wrong. You'll pop. Ugh. Something will Gopuff. PPP. Yeah. When you're, you're, you'll get emphysema or you'll get pneumonia, you'll get something horrible Because you, your immune system's destroyed. Yeah. But it's like wild people make wild shit. And do you get a DMX without drugs? I don't. Yeah.


It's like, you call it sex drugs or rock and roll, rockstar shit, whatever you wanna call it. I Don't know if you get those people. I don't know if you get Hendrix without acid. I don't know if you get it. I don't know if you get it. I don't know if you get it without heroin. I don't know. Maybe I'm so lucky because now I finally realize and I'm like, understand like with all the things you're saying about you can just die. And like, I get it now and I'm like, I'm not doing that. And like I lived it though, and I got to experience, but the music is still fertile and like I'm still doing my thing. 'cause a lot of those memories and things. Oh bro, you made it through. Yeah. I mean you made it through. You made it through. You're alive, you're healthy, you're lucky, you're blessed. Fucking lucky as hell. Lucky as shit. And it's just like, that's the dance man.


The dance is how much wild do you let in your life. And if you don't let any in, It might be sterile. You might be boring as fuck. Yeah. Your, your art might suck. I Made it out alive. All my favorite artists are a little off the rails and always have been from my favorite writers to my favorite musicians. I mean, so many of my favorite musicians died Young Hendricks probably one of my all time favorites. But like, that's a great example. You know, Jim Morrison, Janice Joplin, all these people died. Young man. Kurt Cobain died young. 'cause they went too fucking hard. Too wild. Too wild outta the gate. Amy Winehouse too Wild hard dealing with stuff that like, it's not like you could just be an organized drug addict.


Like, You know, some people just have less of an addictive personality. But like if you, the the shit just takes over. It takes over. And again, if you're live in that, there you go. If, if you live in that wild life, it's like there's no one telling you to stop. There's no one telling you to slow down. You have all the money in the world. Like what, what, who the fuck are you? Why are you telling me to slow down? Yeah. We fuck Outta here. I just did the Star Spangled Banner with my teeth. Get the fuck off the stage. You know? Right. You ever see him do that? No. Ever see Hendrix do the Star-Spangled Banner with his teeth? Yeah, Bro. Crazy. That motherfucker. Yeah. I'm, I'm told I'm one of the only guys who could play like music and smoke weed at the same time.


I don't know how they play music and sing at the same time. I, I, I'm, I'm, I met this guy Post Malone, part of his business team. Like him and Dre London. This guy Austin Rosen. Austin Rosen's, a fucking awesome dude. Like he owns a electric field entertainment post. All these guys, Lou Bell, they're all part of like, some of the most talented and like, just one of the coolest things going on in music for these guys. So I wanted to make a life story. Like biopic, I was gonna do something.


I had one idea I was gonna do. And then he was like, Austin says, dude, I want you to go meet this guy. His name's Charles Ro he owns Atlas Entertainment. I don't know if you're familiar with Atlas, but they made like one of the biggest movie producers in the history of movies he did, like Suicide Squad, that whole series, the Dark Knight, Oppenheimer, like some of the craziest movies is the list just goes on. And I'm like, oh shit, this guy makes blockbusters. He was gonna make my movie. I was like, he was like, listen, just go meet him. See what happens. I meet the guy and I go in his office, I'm like so nervous.


He says to me, I don't like you very much, Especially From what I read. But if I like you by the end of this meeting, I think we'll make a movie. What does that mean? I don't like you very much. Especially from what I read. Because like, You know, what do you read? There's some fucked up shit. Like, You know, like Oh, tabloid type shit. Yeah. But a lot of it's bullshit. Like of course it is. It made me look a certain way. But meanwhile, me and him ended up really seeing eye to eye and I was able to articulate why a lot of these things happened. There was one interview I missed because I wasn't even told about it. And apparently it was rescheduled three times. And then I was told about it and I unfortunately had to reschedule it.


The guy wrote the most horrible story about me. It was the cover of a magazine And it was me covered with blood all over my face and just making me just look like fucking Hitler. And You know, it couldn't be any further from the truth. Like I, yeah, I made big mistakes, but I did it. I was the nicest person giving per I would give the shirt off my back. Any person that ever stopped me in the streets to like get a picture, like I'm gonna ask them how their day was like, You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm that guy. Yeah. I'm very, very thorough and very consistent with all Well, that doesn't sell. Yeah. What sells is you're the worst piece of shit of all time. Yeah. Oh my God, let me read about this piece of shit. So, and that's, that's a horrible thing that journalists do for money.


Yeah. They make these pieces where they completely distort a person's essence and they only do it for money. Yeah. They're, they're just like emotional hit people. Let's not talk about everything. I've left my footprint in the fucking world, but at any rate, yeah. Right. Let's just talk about negative things and only from a very distorted perspective, selfish life is nuanced and bal and it's weird. Life is fucking crazy. Yeah. And sometimes people make mistakes, but it's not their whole being. Yeah. And to try to like condense a person down to like tabloid headlines. Like that's the essence of the person. That's crazy. That's like the least compassionate, the, the, the least kind way of looking at human beings.


It's, that's not how human beings are. We're complicated. That's why those little hit pieces, they're gross and they don't really work because people know that. They know that a per this is probably a lot more to this. Like why is this per, why is this so negative? Like, this is not a balanced person. Yeah. This is one side Who that person is. I'm a complex character if I was in a movie, but of course you are. But yes, You're an artist. Yeah. Every artist is complex. I've never met one that isn't Well a very, very raw and real look at my life is happening now with Atlas Entertainment. We're making a movie, major movie. Who's gonna play you?


It's gotta be several mes because my span of my career starts ultimately. You're kid. I'm a kid. Yeah. I'm already a kid. Maybe They do CGI turn you into a kid. You could play yourself. Nah, they could do wild Shit. I didn't wanna be involved in production writing or acting or anything. I needed to be respected and real raw. Like, it's not gonna make me look like the greatest guy. It's not gonna make me look like a bad guy. It's just gonna make me look like who I was. You know what I mean? Do you have any say in like, 'cause No, one of the things that drives me nuts is when there's a movie and there no one was there. And you see like this historical figure say some things and you're like, well how do I, he didn't really say that. Like some fucking writer wrote that shit.


This is not a real conversation. I Spent a lot time with writers with somebody. This guy Dan's fricking amazing, talented guy. And yeah. Everything is gonna be cool if I have my way. I have an 18-year-old son who's literally me, who I make all of my music with this kid, Jaylen, he's my son and he's like one of my best friends. It's like when Ice Cube's son played him. Yeah. And this kid looks just like me. And at the time I was his age Acts just like me. Perfect. To a point where it's not even normal. So I can't think of anybody better, but We'll, we'll get to that. I'm not saying he's going to, but I would, I would love for that to be, and I think anybody could see that this kid's capable.


Yeah. And, and he is me. He's like, you feel me? Like my mouth every like different fucking things. Like Yeah. But, But it, it's weird when someone's alive and someone's playing that person who's alive and You know, like, oh, that's not really Scott Storch. You know what I mean? It's weird. It's like a movie about you and you're, you remember when Michael J. White played Mike Tyson? You know, and Mike Tyson was, I mean, they were friends. They were cool with each other. But like, that had to be weird. You're playing a dude who is still alive. Mike Tyson's a special guy. He's a Very special guy. He's a very good friend of mine. I'm glad he got through that fight and didn't get hurt. Yeah. That's what I was, I was hoping he would knock Jake Paul out just because that's the Cinderella story. Not, I don't have anything against Jake Paul.


Yeah. I like Jake Paul. I think what he is doing is genius. I think what he's doing is like, I mean, he's got, he's making insane amounts of money. He's having a great fucking time. He's a legit boxer. He's absolutely a legit boxer. Yeah. You Can't hate on somebody that works That hard. You cannot, I would never hate on If you do, you're an Idiot. No, I was, I was like, You know what, this guy is fucking really driven him and his brother. They're like driven. Like, it's not for at all. Everybody starts somewhere. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, And it, so there Were YouTubers where they were on Disney Channel, who cares what, what you do with it. But, but the reality is Mike is 58 years old and I was worried. Yeah. You know, I just, I love that guy. And he was a hero of mine Yeah. When I was a kid. So to see him, You know, 58 years old fighting part of me was like, fuck Me.


Him has fought a lot of the same demons and we were there for each other. Mm. Like in a lot of ways, like I've, I talked to him like pretty deep conversations with Mike and he, he actually checks on me and like, yo, you good. Like, and I do the same. That's great. And my friend Rick, like, we're all like, kind of like, that's beautiful. Yeah. Like, That's beautiful. He's A beautiful person. He really is. Man. For a guy who was the most terrifying fighter of all time, he's a really nice guy to be around. I felt like I was in the fucking movie hangover one time. Like, 'cause I was hanging out with him in Vegas. I remember we're cruising around in my fucking Bentley Mosse at the time. And he's like, yo, I want to, let's go jam out. Like we went to the Palms from my hotel to the Palms and we rented the studio there just So I could play piano and we're jamming out.


Oh wow. Playing like old records and shit. Oh, That's awesome. But just Cruising around Vegas. I was like, damn. Just like fucking hangover. That's awesome. It's great dude. Man. Vegas is a great example of a place where you have to have balance in. Yeah. It's like living in Miami to me. You live in Vegas, you should probably live in Henderson. Yeah. Right. Live, Live out There. Celine Dion neighborhood. Yeah, exactly. Live close to the mountains out there. Like don't be right in the middle of all that. Yeah, yeah. Attack it from the outside. That's what I did in la When I lived in LA I lived like an hour outside of la I never lived. I did when I first moved there. And then I slowly started moving further and further away until I got about hour Outside. I am not comfortable in LA anymore. I used to be.


It's Cool. I sleep at one eye open. Yeah. I sold my house. I got rid of that fucking place in the valley of just home invasions everywhere. Yeah. It's crazy. The it is like what they've done to that city in a short mi amount of time is shocking. I never thought it would go that bad, that fast. And it's, the way it is now is bizarre. It's Yeah. The, the, the, I always say that it's like a girl that used to date. She was really cute, but now she does meth and she works for the cartel. Like, what Happened to here? The pandemic happened. You Just remember her from when she was so sweet and cool. Yeah. Well the pandemic was the, the reason why the government was able to fuck up that city.


It's the pandemic was just, it wasn their way to fuck up the city. Dude, there were stacks of bricks. Yeah. On the street. Yeah. Stacks of brick. All the, where that came from and Like stacks of bricks. It's somebody left there hoping someone would throw through windows Starting riots and Yeah. That's a weirdo shit, bro. It's, It's Like, it don'ts spooky And scary. It's Spooky. I don't like to go full Batman on this, but it's like the, like there's evil villains out there that are pulling the strings of the world. And that's real. Those fucking protests are organized. Man. People spend a lot of money to organize those things and then put bricks out. The whole thing was designed to disrupt society. And then the defund, the police bullshit. How anybody bought into that is so crazy. Reform the police.


Yeah. Train the police better. Yeah. But defund them. Are you fucking Crazy? Yeah. Let's just all be safe because Are you outta your fucking mind? Do you not know the law of the jungle? Do you not know the real streets? Lemme Know when your Klaus gets robbed. You wanted the fucking shit. You know, you're not gonna get a cop. Like, it's not coming now. I have had so many friends that completely flipped a 180 after they got robbed. Right. 180. They're Trump supporters now. It's crazy. People that were like, what do you mean, full on liberals? And then they, You know, get a gun pointed in their face and all of a sudden they're like, oh, this is what we signed up for. This is you're just letting these people out. Yeah. Like, you arrest these people and let them out. And then they just do it again and they get arrested. Like, what the fuck?


The assistant to the, the DA in New York just got attacked. Just got by some guy who had been, see if you can find this. He got robbed by some guy who had been arrested some insane amount of times since 2023. I was looking at the story online. I was like, this is so crazy that this person just keeps getting out and keeps robbing people. And then just robbed the assistant to the da Alvin Bragg, ROR out Here it is. Suspected gang member accused of exposing himself, robbing Manhattan district, exposing himself. He pulled his dick out and he robbed him, exposing himself as funny because they have expo. Go to the headline, exposing himself as first, the robbing part that second.


But he showed him his penis. That is unbelievable. Unbelievable. What is Wrong with this world? Don't even laugh about it, but it's just like it's comedy bro. Yeah. It's like satire almost Branded Samosa confronted the 38-year-old victim in the hallway of her building on West 44th Street around 2:00 AM authorities say he grabbed the victim's purse, cell phone and bank card before exposing himself. He pulled his dick out after he robbed her. He robbed her first, but they put it exposing himself first. Like the, the har most horrible thing that he did. Police were able to track the phone and eventually arrest him near a hotel on West 45th Street, eighth Avenue on Tuesday. Leading authorities to believe the suspect is a migrant possession of drugs about No, they know who the guy is.


Jamie. They caught the guy. He's been, see if you can find a more updated version of it, because he's, he was arrested a ton of times since 2023. Exposing himself. Makes more sense now that it's a lady. I I thought was that Jamie? It's still on there. Oh, okay. Right there. He's been arrested six times in the last five months for similar crimes. Six times. Wouldn't you think after five times and go, Hey, maybe this guy's a real Criminal. Yeah. We might need to lock him up. Maybe we need to put him in jail. Maybe he's a real criminal. Nope. Keep him out there. There's reasons. Jesus Christ. That's the world we're living in now. And that's LA and that's New York. And that's a lot of places that got fucked up by incompetent people. I Don't know. I just feel safer knowing like police Microphone with You face.


Oh, I feel safer knowing that Trump is in office. I do too. I like feel great about it. Like I just like Think what I don't feel safer is right now they're launching missiles into Russia. That's fucked up. Yeah. The how do you, How are you allowed to do that when you're on the way out? Like, do people don't want you to be there anymore? This should be like some sort of a, like a pause for like significant actions that could potentially start World War ii. Maybe that would be a good thing that we would like to avoid from a, a dying former president. It's, it's, the whole thing is nuts. I mean, look, I don't know shit about politics. Zel. I'm Not gonna, Zel says Putin is terrified. Fuck you man. Fuck you people, you fucking people are about to start World War iii.


Yeah. It's crazy. Russia fired a missile today. I feel they fired an intercontinental ballistic missile for the first time ever. It's the first time one of those has ever been used. That's insanity. It's fucking insanity. 'cause those intercontinental ballistic missiles can have nukes on 'em. This one and didn't. But if it does, the whole world changes And it changes because of the military industrial complex. And it changes because of the money that's going to Ukraine. And it changes because the outgoing president or whoever the fuck is actually running the country is designed to do some, decided to do something fucking insane. Fucking insane. And we're all sitting there watching it and people are cheering it on. CNN was saying like, finally, see what, what their headline was about zelensky using, about Biden giving Zelensky the ability to use long range missiles us made long range.


It's not like nobody knows where they came from. It's not like nobody knows we've been funding this. It's a proxy war. The whole thing is fucking insane. It's insane. Come to the negotiation table, sit down, work this out. Stop killing everybody. Us allows Ukraine to use long missiles. So what did they say? Someone had said that like CNN was saying that it was a good thing, which I think is how, how has the left gone so far crazy that they think it's a good thing to launch missiles? Just, That's what's scary about life is like, you don't want to pay attention to that shit. You just wanna live your life.


You want to just be carefree and have fun and do the thing that you're passionate about. And meanwhile the world is burning and you just hope Anything doesn't get you anything. It's at that high level. It's like there's nothing. Well, we can, we voted Trump in and Yeah. His his idea is to stop all this shit and hopefully he can do that. Yeah. But You know, man, fuck. It's scary. I feel like none of the fucking problems between the Ukraine and Russia would've been exacerbated as far as they went. Had Trump been in office at the Time. I like to think that I, I I genuinely believe that he has a way of keeping the peace in a certain way and like, well As soon as he got elected, the Taliban said, let's form a truce.


You know, Hamas is saying, look, let's cease fire. Everybody's saying these things. What a coincidence. Like right away China was saying we'd like to do business with America. Russia was saying that like, let's fucking calm everybody down and stop being so fucking tribal. Yeah. You're so crazy that you think that everything the left is doing is right because you're on the left. This is insanity. And for anybody that's a, a left wing, progressive person to think that somehow or another missiles are a good thing, God damnit, God damnit you people are outta your fucking Minds. How do you think that's the answer? There's ne it's never the an this is craziness. Especially with Russia. God damn. Yep.


But anyways, that's the Shit that keeps me up at night, man. Oh, I know when, when I get paranoid late at night when everyone's asleep. That's the thing that gets me a world war. Yeah. The war. Just because it's happened before, man. The, the world has been at peace before and then all of a sudden chaos. And to think that that can never happen again. You're wrong. It's happening right now. It's just not happening here. And we don't feel it here. So we don't, it doesn't affect our thinking process and we support things that could lead to it happening here. And we don't even realize we're doing it while we're doing it As a human being. Like, wouldn't you think that keeping yourself and the rest of the pop the population of the world safe is priority number one?


It's priority. Right? That's number one. And peace. And by the way, everybody wants peace. Everybody wants their children to be happy. Everybody wants to be well fed and healthy. Everybody wants that. Yeah. Just figure out a way to fucking balance it all out. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Well We got 60 more days until Trump gets in or whatever it is. How many days is it, Jamie? 20. But who knows, maybe once it gets in, they'll ramp it up. Who knows? Maybe they'll sabotage his administration. That's what's even more scary. People don't want 'em in power. And the people that are in power don't wanna leave power. And they'll try every way they can to keep it 60 days from today.


All right. On the news, 60 days. Just keep your fingers crossed And yeah, just hope Putin understands what's going on as well. And Zelensky doesn't do anything stupid, but saying that Putin's terrified. God dammit. It's like you're trying to like tug the tail of a fucking sleeping Dragon. Dragon. Yeah. Also zelensky, can I get a drug test? Can we just get one drug test before we send you any more money? Like what are you doing? Are you doing a lot of blow over there? Like, because this is like blow like Behavior. I'm not responsible for him. I wasn't There, but You know what I'm saying? This is like cocaine, like behavior. Putin's fucking Scared man. Yeah. Putin's terrified. Jacked up. We got him. We got him, man. We got him. Like, what are you talking about?


He has nuclear missiles. You fucking monkeys. Jesus Christ. It's my chance right now. Jesus Christ. Cause Destruction. Yeah. Putin should not have invaded Ukraine. Yes, 100%. But don't start World War ii. Like there's gotta be a way to settle this. There must be, I gotta put some of this into my music. Like these feelings of like even the conversations we're having And just one of my best, my favorite anti-war songs is Ghetto Boys Fuck a War. Yeah. Bushwick Bill. Willie d told me he wrote that in 40 minutes. I like Ghetto Boys. I fucking love Ghetto Boys. Storytellers. Like Yes. Like Polo Cool g Rap.


Oh yeah, man. And that era Cock blocking. Yeah. Fucking I love They were The, they were the storytellers. Oh my God. Scarface and yeah and Cool g The L Street Blues. Yeah. Yeah. No, I love cool G Rap. I'm on the virtue of committing murder. It's like a whole fucking plot to He had a great flow too. Yeah. Yeah. He had a great flow. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. G Rap was awesome. Hip hop's different these days, man. I heard. He's like a, someone told me he's a devout religious man now. Really? See if that's true. I always wanted what happened? That dude, it wasn a guy that I felt like didn't get his due like on the world stage. Like people don't respect him for as good as he really was.


'cause I, I would tell like some young guys about Ji rap, they don't even know who he is. And I played music in the, the Green Room. You ever hear the brand new heavies, like the jazz band when they lay linked up with a bunch of rappers. The Heavy Rhyme experience. Have you ever heard that album? Of course. Yeah. Cool G Raps. Death Threat is the best track on that shit. Yeah. I played that shit in the Green Room with the mothership and everyone's like, what is this man? Yeah, he's saying some shit. Yes, he's saying some shit and it's with the brand new heavies playing the music. That funky ass. Fucking tremendous jazz. Tremendous. They did a great thing with Gang Star too. Yep. They have a great song with Gang Star too. That's on that. Yeah. I'd love, that's where I entered into my passion and love for hip hop is that era.


Yeah. You know, I was saying that earlier, but That's one of my favorite eras. Nas You know, Illmatic Godson. That's, that's like one of, that's almost like the Sergeant Peppers a rapper. Yeah. Illmatic. Yeah. Man. Oh my God. And how old was he when he made that? He was young man. Really young. About to Say one Love. Yeah. Genius. How about Rewind? Yeah. Rewind is one of the most genius rap songs of all time. Yeah. He tells a story backwards. Yeah. Insane. And It's genius and it's, it's fun and it's, it's the flow's great. Mind melting shit, bro. I think Nas is my all time favorite lyricist. Yeah. It's like Nas and, and then everybody else is like, You know, I love 'em all, but like to me Nas is a special lyricist.


Like his lyrics are spec like, like he's got so many Oh moments where you're listeners to me like, oh, oh, It's not even just punchlines. It's like just the whole subject matters is the way he describes the Way he hits things. He could paint a picture, he Paints a picture, but it's the way, the way he chooses his words. Like we were listening to Get Down last night. Oh my God. God damn. That's good. That word choice m is m is to me, like one of the really like the greats of that. Oh for sure. Say things in a different amount of syllables or a word that you wouldn't expect. It's just real creative shit. Yeah. I love Jadakiss at style Speed. I think Jada is like in my, my top tops DMX, My workout music is Wu-Tang Clan.


Oh yeah. That's my workout music gravel pit. When you hit in the bag, of course. You know. And when, when, whenever we do shows, we have like a, a ritual, like when we're driving to the arena, especially if we're getting a police escort, which is the craziest shit of all time, right? You're going to do a show and you got a police escort and we always listen to protect your neck. Like, oh, we gotta play it. Like, okay, here we go, let's go protect your neck, let's go. We're on our way to the arena. And then once we get in the door, I'm your boogieman Casey in the Sunshine Band. Boo Man. I Know Casey, I'm bogey man. Yeah. Like, just to get everything going. Like, let's go Casey, you mentioned his name.


I have to do it. I see him at the Hit factory in Miami one time. I was like, wow, it's fucking Casey. Casey in the Sunshine band. And we meet and he's like, I saw your MTV cribs and I'm just gonna tell you that I spend more on my flowers and my orchids than you probably do on your cars every month. I was just like, what the, Wow, what a weird flex. What a weird flex. I was like, okay, Okay, cool. You must, I think you're wasting money because them flowers are gonna die. Right. And I got a Bugatti. So to each his own bizarre Quotes, That doesn't even make any sense. You're getting robbed. Okay. You're getting robbed. Your florist is a piece of shit.


Hey, everybody's got their own thing. I know, but you're getting robbed. If you're spending that much money on your flowers, you are getting fucking robbed. Or he'd Being facetious, but of course he was making a point. But that's a crazy flex. It's crazy. It's also a weird way to introduce yourself to somebody. Yeah. Yeah. I had just met him. But isn't that one of those things where you, like you used to be on top and you wanna show everybody you're still on top. Right? Just like you were talking about like wearing the diamonds and the jewelry. Go up to the guy who's hot right now and say, yeah, I saw your MTV cribs, but guess what My flowers are? Yeah. I spend more money on dirt. Dude, I've seen some crazy shit in my life, bro. I've had some crazy fucking moments for a fucking poor boy that came from no nothing and a rose to like a place where it's like I've seen life on every side of like, I've seen life as a poor boy.


Seen life as making it made it blew it, this, that. And I've seen, like, I remember sitting in St. Bart's had been invited on the boat of pretty successful, very wealthy Russian people that I knew. I know. And I'm sitting there chilling, doing my normal like just hanging thing. And I see a, a battleship pull up, like a actual, like fucking Army or navy, whatever the fuck boat pull up near us. Somebody gets off a tender, gets on the boat, I'm on.


And it was Gaddafi's son. Whoa. Yeah. M Like, what the fuck? This is surreal. This is And what year Is this? Was is Kadafi still alive? Yeah. I I forget what year it was. I think it was like 2008, seven, something Like that. So he is probably still alive. Yeah. Definitely's Still alive. He was telling me how his country is becoming much more like open-minded and normal. Yeah. And this and that. And I, I had a keyboard. I was like jamming out playing and shit and I'm just such a fucking weirdo. I was like playing Hava Naah like the fuck, I'm just like a weirdo dude. I was funny, but I've seen some shit man. I've seen them fucking craziest.


It's a great American story. That's the great American story. You know, like coming from nothing, chasing your dream, making your dream fucking up your life along the way, but still alive. Tell the story, You know, It's to see fucking BMF out at the club all the time and like be in the club. And I'd be like, You know these guys over there, they just sent you 20 bottles of crystal. And you're like, okay, who are they? And they're like, this is the fucking, this is the guys. I'm like, okay, cool. Thank you guys. Like, they were fucking cool as shit to me. Every time I see 'em. Weird. Yeah. I never had any drama. I never had any like, crazy situations happen because I think in the terms of like, I was providing opportunity for a lot of fucking people, like trying to like make it like rappers from the streets.


Like, so people were just always cool with me and like I was respectful to everybody around me. Did you ever have a, a communication with that guy who called you the white devil? No. It wasn it. It wasn it. You ever talked to him after that? I knew what I had to do. I had to like make my own world and like Yeah. People that love me and be around those people and that's A terrible way to think. Yeah. It's such a terrible way to think that someone just because of the color of their skin, even though they're, they work with you and you're cool together, that you could just out that person the Shit that the other side is endured over. Like of course since the beginning of time it's like, okay, so what, whatever. But it just hurt my feelings Because it was my fam Right.


I thought and like, I guess like, I just felt like I just felt fucked up and I was like, You know what, if anybody knows me, they know that. Like I'm not that devil. Like I'm the guy that's just is loving like free spirited, like open minded like non-racist Person. Right. But that doesn't sell headlines, buddy. Yeah, I know. The white devil sells headlines. The white devil gets people feeling better about themselves. I moved to LA and, and started working in Dre's camp and I felt so much love and respect and like I was, I was made to feel like what I was bringing to the table in that crew was like, they were like identifying that shit and they were like praising me and making me feel great and This, but You know, the expression game recognized game.


Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's what it is. People see you and they hear you and they know, they see like, oh, this guy's a wizard. Like what's going on? Okay, you're staying here for a long time, Scott. I let a lot of people down, man. When I got heavy into drugs, like, like the Dr. Dres of the world, it's like they're trying to hang in there with me like, fuck bro. Like at some point, You know, they gotta like put me on timeout, You know what I Mean? Yeah. So, well that's probably good for you too. Yeah. When you disappoint people that you respect and care for. Yeah. It's, that's like, that's a real emotional rock bottom. You know? That's, and that's sometimes people need that to course correct. If everything's going great, you have no reason to stop doing blow and partying all night.


Everything's perfect. And You know, there's a lot of people that will enable you to keep that life going because they're feeding off of you. Misery loves company. There's that. But then there's also people that like, all they want to do is keep you happy because they make a living off of you. And so they don't wanna rock the boat. Right. So they'll, so they don't care. Like if you're destroying yourself. No, But the truth is there's two different modes. There's the guy that can make music and smokes his weed and fucking eat pizza and just this like a normal guy. And then when I flip to that other thing, the cocaine is not a drug you can really make, I feel like good music on it may seem good when you're making it, but when you listen to it the next day, because any the emotions to a whirlwind of emotions that you feel when you're in that world, like you really feel like happiness, sadness, this, that, the other, like all these things all within 10 minutes you could have all these emotions and it's no good.


So How are you gonna stay on something that you want to make people feel a certain way? Right? So that's, I mean, I've never done coke, but everybody that I know does Coke says you can't perform on it, it fucks you up, you don't feel right, you, you're, You know, No, because you're feeling 20 different emotions inside of a minute. And it's like you can only think about one thing when you're on it. Is that, that's it. So Yeah, there's no real good Coke Stories not recommended for anybody, Anybody who's got like a great Coke story. No. Maybe one night, but most Coke stories lead to my life fell apart. No happy ending. No, no Happy ending.


No, there's no like Coke advocates. Right. You know, there's a lot of marijuana advocates. They'll tell you marijuana changed my life. Marijuana made me more compassionate because that's me. Marijuana made me a kinder person more sensitive, You know, more into community, more into love. Nobody says that about there's no co cocaine fix my life. My life is kind of a mess. Then I started doing blow and then man, it all just came together. You know? I realized that's what I need. I was a little, I think I'm a little imbalanced. I just need cocaine every day. I remember being so perplexed. I, I, I don't like throwing people under the bus So I won't say who it is, but one of the most massive people in the world of technology, like in the world of These younger computer guys that became extremely famous.


Like start people that started Facebooks and this and that, all that type of shit. Like one of those guys, I'm not gonna say who, but like somebody who's fucking so huge. I went to visit him with some friends of mine. I was sitting at a table whacking it up and the dude's telling me that he had just had a heart attack couple of nights before. And then he started talking about how cocaine's one of the most poorly publicized drugs in the world. And I was like, what the fuck am I listening to me? Even being onto the influence was like, this is frightening. This was one of those guys, like one of the big, big like change the world kind of people. So he was telling you he just had a heart attack, but cocaine is awesome.


Yeah. And he's super smart. Yeah. Which is even scarier. Yeah. Because you can convince yourself that you're right, the World knows who this guy is. Wow. Whole world. But You know, I don't know. I've had many situations Where I know People so selfishly, even knowing I'm recovering or recovered or whatever the fuck you wanna call it, want to like have the opportunity to do something, they'll pull me aside. Like, I always wanted to do a bump with you. Yeah, man. But no, we can't do that, bro. When was the last time you did one Shit? I mean, I've, I've fallen within the past six months, but You know, I got good people around me now.


That's good. And like the shame and the guilt and the, everything just prevents you from, from enjoying that and making, like, even thinking about doing it, like can't Do it. That's good. That's good. Hey man, six months is great. Yeah. Six days is great. The whole, the whole thing is just you're gonna fall. Yeah. And if you fall, get up. Yep. Get up. It's okay. You're human being human beings. Fuck up. They make mistakes. Yep. Especially when you're dealing with something like addiction. And most people think that can never be me. That could never be, I'm not like that. Yeah. It could definitely be you. There's things definitely be you that trigger it and like, it's usually pussy, You know what I'm saying?


Like you're not, And it like you have no intention whatsoever of, of doing something. And then all of a sudden it's right there in front of you. There's a fucking ass naked girl and there's a pile of this and there's, you had like two Drinks. You're like, like, I've done it before and I could just do it this one time. Yeah. I'm gonna be okay. Yeah, we'll be okay. Three days later you're looking out the window like, ah, like what The fuck? Bloodshot eyes like you got pink eye. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But too much. Too much going on now, man. That's kind of be In the movie With my, my single with like my, You know, it's just, Well, it seems like you're in a good place's. Great. I'm a great place, man. That's awesome.


That's awesome. Happy. Well, it's, I think it's So important for people like you to tell your story raw and unedited like you do. 'cause I think people wanna see a person that's been very successful and they want to have this rosy view of what their life was like. People love to like build you up, but they love tearing you down. Oh yeah. Like, It becomes like a, and then for me, like In my business, it's such a desperate business. If people know I'm of sound mind and like, at the top of my game and I'm making some fucking fire ass music, that's a threat for certain people.


Of course. So they'll block it, like, and they'll perpetuate the rumors and do whatever. Of course the fuck to make sure that I don't get behind. They're, they'll be like a goalie for the artist. Like, right. So many huge artists, they like, they don't want me to get with them because they know what's gonna happen. I'm gonna make better shit. People don't like when someone's talented and they don't like when someone's successful because everybody compares themselves to other people. That's the real, the real problem is the comparison is the thief of joy. Is that Thoreau? Is that who it Wasn say that? I think it was Thomas. Thomas Jefferson. Yeah. Thoreau is, most men leave live, lead lives of quiet desperation. But comparison is the thief of joy is That's a real thing, man.


And if you are a person that's looking at someone else's success and somehow or another wanting to diminish that, you're doing it to yourself. Whether you real realize it or not, you are wasting your own precious life energy on hating on a person. And that will take away your gift. It'll take away your creativity. It'll take away your ability to be present. They don't feel like that 'cause They're fools. That's why they do it in the first place. Job security. It's, it's a foolish venture. And even if it works, even if it works, you're doing yourself into, 'cause You know you're a piece of shit. You know that you've done that to a person. You know, you've distorted who that person is just Because you want to feel better about your own life. You want someone to falter so that you don't feel, when you're comparing yourself to them, you don't feel inadequate.


And that's, that's the reason. It's just pettiness, just human weakness. And it's one of, its grossest forms and it's not called out enough. You know, it's, it's, it's really dis it's a disgusting behavior pattern that's bad for humanity. I genuinely feel joy and excitement and happiness for friends or colleagues that have success. Yeah, You should. And it's inspiring. I just see so many others that just don't like look at it like that. They look at it because they're selfish. Yeah. But it's, they Haters. But that's a good thing. And you could say that that's selfish in a way. Because when you help people and when you're inspired by other people's success and when you enjoy other people's success, you are experiencing a positive thing.


And that positive thing is one of the most important aspects of life. Like to deny yourself that Because you can't control your emotions and you can't control your jealousy and your feelings and to like hate on someone. You are denying yourself an opportunity to feel good. Yeah. And you could genuinely feel happy for everyone's success and still be successful. It doesn't take away your success at all. Yeah. It's just a mental trap. And people need to understand that trap insecurities. It is insecurity, but it's also an a lack of understanding of how your mind works. How the human mind can play little tricks on you and lay traps for you. And how jealousy can rear its ugly head and distort your views.


Yeah. We fall into certain ways. Yes. Like we fall into certain ways When I was in the fucking the limelight and now I'm like in like Team Hilton and I'm hanging out with certain people. I'm hanging out with like some fucking like spoiled brat, lucky sperm club ass fucking degenerates. And like basically competing with who could be the most obnoxious in the crew. Like, you don't see that happening until, like, I looked back at videos and things of me, I was like, dude, what a chump. I was like doing that. I was like slowly but surely. Like turning into that. Yeah. Just to be like, I don't know, just that's the shit that's fucked up.


Like you just have to like really always maintain who you really are and like not get lost in that shit and like, live for others or try and be Did did we, were we talking about this on the podcast the other day? Or was it a green room conversation? Someone said that per personalities are as infectious as diseases. It can Be. Someone was saying that like energy, like people's energy is as of infectious as diseases. And when you're around someone that has a great personality and, and very positive, you get infected by that positivity. You Start exuding that. And when you're around shithead like fucking dumb asses who just thinking of stupid fucking way, you start thinking that way.


It's, it's contagious. There's something to it. You gotta be careful about the company we keep, Oh my God, This world is so polluted right now. It's the most important thing. It's the most important thing is your community, right. Your family, your friends, your community, the people that you associate with. And if you're associating with shitheads, you're gonna have a fucked up experience. Dude, the less people I come in contact with for me is the better. Like, I like being home. I like going to nice restaurants and I like being home. I don't really like going out and fucking 'cause all that energy rubs off on you and Yeah. People's karma, whatever the fuck it is. Yeah. And like The anxiety, everything.


Yeah. Although the weirdness of people comparing with each other, who's got the better watch? Who's wearing the nicer shoes? Like what the fuck are We doing over that? It's stupid. That's good. You're smart, you're wiser. Yep. It takes time to figure these things out. Like, but but better late than never. Yeah. But but you still have the art, you still have the desire for the art like that through the whole thing. I lost that passion that we spoke of earlier for a while and now it's back like a motherfucker. Beautiful. Yeah. I'm in there. Like That's the American success story. And when you rather that than at the type height of your fame with the party and the drugs and the fucking chaos and the falling apart, it's better to just like embrace the art.


That's where like to create. If It's not real, I don't wanna fuck with it. Right. Like I'm, I'm like not gonna like chase checks to work on music. Like I'm gonna work on what's great and that's how you fucking do what's right. You stay in your lane and Yeah, you do what's, You know. Is there any way to play the single I got coming or? Sure. I think I have it. I have it. But I'm gonna show you. This girl is 21. Is there a picture that you can I don't have a picture. You don't have a picture. He's Like It. It's like I have a single cover. Yeah, I Just have the song. I can Google it or something, but No, it's all good. I'll, I'll show you. But, but the girl is like organic. Like she doesn't need autotune. She's not like, like shit's real.


So this is just an example. Auto tune is a wild Thing. Yeah. Abby Sta texture. I mean I don't see this every day in like artists. It's usually like some You I feel beat. I'm out clean sitting in this room. Life is quiet all alone. She's a writer too. I'm Not there. You cared. You'd already know because the sorrys are all just for show.


You're finally gone. But at least I have some leniency that I may feel something just Because you don't and a goal falling hard. No, it ain't for the week. So don't try this funny game. It's forgot to read. If I go back to that place, I know, I know, I know.


I'd rather fly away away 10 times longer to feel the right way On My Own. My faith would die away if I go back to that place. I know, I know, I know. I'd rather fly way away 10 times longer to feel the right way On My Own. Mama told me if you can live with without something then you gotta give it up. Can't live with it. I guess I'm the problem when it's all said and done. You laughed at your fun.


I got the last one. Something saw me when you was popping. Shit. I just knew you would never live it up courtesy or the bad or you fucked around and found out. So what you're listening to is a Girl that's amazing voicemail. She writes that shit. See the conviction, if you get a songwriter, a big fancy songwriter to work with some girl and like teacher how to have a motion. It's not the same as that's her. There she is. It's A lot of her. Amy Winehouse vibes. Yeah. I mean Amy Winehouse vibes in that song. In in this fact that it's both organic, raw Yeah.


It's different. No, not different. Not like she's copying Amy Wine, but like that vibe of authenticity. Yeah. Yeah. And she's a real, She's 21. She's 21. Damn. And the emotion is there that comes from And she Writes all that. She, Yeah. She's Like, that's incredible. That shit is not something like that. Could be, Put that up again. Jamie Melody. Is that available right now? Can I get that? Yeah, Yeah. We just, I'm gonna add that shit to my Spotify playlist. Right. I'm gonna put that on the Green room pri playlist right now On My Own. Yep. That's gonna be the first one. Look, I, I'm showcasing her. That's my, this is my single, it's Scott Storch featuring Abby's there, but she we're, You know, I'm part of the making of her physical, her album, which is already has a bunch of stuff that she made on her own that she made.


And then stuff I did with her and 1217 records. Me and my partner Kevin. Yeah. That voice is amazing, man. Oh, she's dope. And You know, I got some great records. So I got records with a-list. Celebrities like that. You know, it's not exciting to play as like for me a record with somebody who has already sold millions and millions of records. Like for my project, I wanna break, I, I made a habit in my career of breaking artists and like I've, like, I did Chris Brown's first song and I told him sitting in the studio I was, I'm gonna make you a hit record today.


And he was like 15, 16. And I did that. Wow. We made run it that day. I've done a lot of, You know, when I came back into the business after my like dark period of just not doing anything except doing drugs, which lasted eight, nine years. I met Steve LaBelle and Steve, not only were we partners on the rehab center, but he was helping me get back into the music thing and he, I was like, yo, get me a meeting with Jay-Z, get me Beyonce, get me all the people I made hits for. He's like, fuck no, they're not gonna work with you right now. Show 'em what you're doing. I'm gonna give you the best blueprint. Some people like to jump the gun. Yeah. He's like This artist, this artist, this artist, this artist.


These are all new artists. You don't know who they are, but if you make them fire, everybody's gonna look at you like you're a fucking get the Heisman trophy again. Like, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And One by one, every single one of those artists that he put me with that were nobodies at this point are all huge right now. Trippy Red, A Boogie Roddy Rich Russ who's one of my favorites. Like I love Russ. I dunno if you're familiar with his music. He's just like, he's got something to say. He is like, he's the man. Like you gotta like, fuck with Russ. He's a really serious artist today. I've seen this guy without radio because he has a fan base, a cult fan base.


'cause what he does is so real without radio or any shit. He's selling out arenas by himself. You know what I mean? That's Amazing. Yeah, it's amazing. He's just, I love That that's happening today. Yeah. They've kind of taken the gatekeeper. The gatekeeper is out of the equation now. Yeah. All something has to do is be good and get it online. He released 200 songs of one year, just like SoundCloud or whatever fuck was Wow. 200 songs in a year. Yeah. Holy shit. You know, and he just started that consistency. Yeah. Which people Became an acquired taste. And then So you just, you love watching people make it. Yeah, I like being responsible for that.


It's more of a challenge than just, ah, I'm gonna make Drake a hit. You know, I really wanna work with Drake, but I've been roadblock with Drake. I know Drake loves me and my production, but for whatever reason I haven't been able to get in. I want to get ahold of Drake and talk to him about his fight picks. Yeah. That motherfucker loses more money on fights. I wanna call him up and say before it's over, get John Jones by KO before It's over. I need to get a record off with him. Get it right. I wanna get a record off with him. Wasn't John Jones a 600 to one favorite? I mean, well he had it by KO wasn't just the win, but Yeah. Well that's what I would've said anyway. Well, I mean, I would not have thought John would've. I mean that's a easy bet.


I Wanna get a record off with Rihanna too. I had a very uncomfortable meeting with Rihanna and I'm mortified to this day. Uncomfortable 'cause of the cocaine. No, what happened? I, she was in a VIP in New York years and years ago and doing her thing or whatever and they like, obviously people know who I am, so they didn't front on me. They let me up into her table. This was a greenhouse and back in the day and I introduced myself and whatever and I gave her a hug and I fucking got hooked onto her hoop earring. My clothes got hooked on and like, don't move, don't move, don't move. No, it was shit's gonna, I almost ripped her fucking ear off Accidentally. Oh no.


That Walk out of that VIP room was the most no mortified, most embarrassing shit I ever fucking felt in my life. I was Like, oh, she's cool. I bet she, I bet she doesn't remember that really Do that. Like It wouldn't mean to her. But that's Accident. I know, but still that's an accident. You're that guy at that moment. Oh no, it that guy. So yeah, it haunts me respect You, meaning someone you respect. If respect, If I only didn't hook up with that earring, You wanna make a good impression, you get her ear ripped off. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever. Life is full of surprises. Yeah. So I is is like your favorite, your favorite thing seems to be breaking new people then. Is it Because you get to show the world new talent. Is it, does it remind you of you when you were getting your breaks, You're helping sculpt what somebody's sound is gonna be with backbone of what, where they started like, like creating something new.


And I think that's a, to me, like my sound has always been to not have a sound and like, You know, have like different like genetic strains of music. I call them. Like, there's like different things that I brought to the table that nobody else was doing. And then when people start doing it so much, you're honored copying you and then you move on to the next thing. But like with artists, you get to like concoct some kind of new vibe with them. I did Beyonce's first solo album and we made a sound and we did three smashes. I did three straight smashes out of three songs I did.


One was baby boy, naughty Girl, and me, myself and I. And at that point I had just moved from LA and like I had been working with Dre for so many years and I'm looked looking at Dre and I'm like, Dre has his empire and I need to like Gopuff and like create my empire. Not competing but doing something different within music and not using that sound that he and I created and sculpt together, which was like the new wave of West coast music. I moved back to Florida to Miami where I hadn't been in eons.


I, 'cause I went from Florida as a kid into, I lived there until I was 15. I moved to to Philly, my dad and then from Philly to LA and now I'm going from back, You know, to go start my own little world. I'm now rich. Okay. And I go home to Florida, I'm rich and I'm ready to fucking make my own little sound and shit. Create some shit. Beyonce was one of the first contestants and we fucking solidified that shit and made history with that album. Like I remember she did the Grammys and she thanked God and then she thanked me first.


Like, and I was like, I have it up. I'm Like, It was like one of the biggest honors of the world. Like, and like we made history and it wasn like the gr that's like, that's the ultimate thing that I want to continue to do is like, I wanna do that with Abby. And I feel like once I get driven like that, there's nothing can stop me and I prove my point. That's beautiful. Yeah. Scott, it's been great talking to you man. I really appreciate it. Appreciate you coming down here. It's been a lot of fun. Thanks Man. Wow. We did three hours, or it's Close like two and a half hours now. It's Crazy. Yeah, I could talk. All right. Yeah man. Well you got good stories, you got good story and you have a good story. Your, your story is a good story and like I said, I think it's a, it's a great story for people to hear people.


That's why people like biographies. You know, people like to find out like what was it easy for you? Why am I struggling? Like what is the struggle? Like is it the same for everybody? When you're struggling yourself, you think you're alone. And when you have a dream and you don't know if it's gonna come true, you go, was everybody like this? You Know, nothing great comes easy. Nothing. Nothing. Thank you for having me. My pleasure brother. Pleasure to meet you. Pleasure to hang with you my man. Appreciate You very much. Yes sir. Alright, bye.