
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Alright. Hello, mark. Hello. Good to see you. Thanks for having me back. My pleasure. Good to see you. Where the world's still functional. It's Amazing. Yeah. Amazing. We, we wanted to talk, you wanted to talk about the post-election, sort of a wrap up. Yeah. Sort of where we stand. Are you happy? Very happy. It wasn a weird one Morning in America. It wasn one of the first times ever I felt hopeful after an election. Like you should have seen the green room at the Comedy club. Everybody was like, yes. Yes. Whew. So my theory is the timeline, like in a science fiction movie, the timeline has split twice.


Ah, in the last, in the last like nine months. What was the first split It wasn when Trump got shot. Oh, yeah. And, and there was that moment where the world was gonna head in two totally different directions. Right. If he got hit. Yeah. Yeah. And we saw the most conspicuous display of physical bravery I've ever seen Right. Afterwards In that moment. Exactly. Yeah. And it could have gone v You know, horrifically badly for the entire world after that. So it wasn timeline split number one, so that other timeline's out there somewhere. Yeah. And I don't wanna visit it. Boy, Imagine being stuck there. What kind of horrible karma. No, I mean, that's a totalitarian, dystopian nightmare. That's The bad place. Yeah. And then timeline split again on election day. I know you're a, you fancy a good conspiracy theory.


Yes. And that, that gentleman being able to pull off what he did, and, You know, the way it happened, the way it all went down is it's a Lee Harvey Oswald 2.0 Yeah. Oh yeah. Clearly. Yeah. The shooter and Yeah. That we still don't know anything. There's no call for disclosure. Yeah. There's no call for a press conference. There's no toxicology report. The toxicology report had to have been done. Yeah. Wouldn't you want to know like what kind of stuff this kid is on that made him want to do that? Or if anything Yeah, So my theory is it's almost as if they, people want us to think it's a conspiracy. Like It, it's almost like the whole thing is almost orchestrated.


Like, it's just, it's so strange. Strenuous is like the rapid cremation, like the, the whole thing was just completely bizarre. And then you're exactly right. Like no hearings, no, no nothing. Now having said that, I expect that this will change. Right. So, You Know, do you think they're gonna do a dive into what happened? I mean, I would. I I don't know if they will, but I, You know, I certainly would if I was in a position to do that. I wonder what they can actually find. I mean, I don't know if they wanted it to be a conspiracy that people talked about, or if that's simply the best way to pull it off. Yeah. Or it's just Yeah. Or it's just a, You know, as we saw, I think in the hearing afterwards, maybe just a systemic collapse of confidence. There's also a confidence in the fact that the, the news timeline today is so rapid that when things are relevant and people are paying attention to them, is you have a couple days.


Yeah. Even with an assassination attempt on a former president Yeah. Where, where, where people were murdered. Yeah. And there's, it's in and out. Yeah. That's right. I think it's exactly, I think the news cycle now is like a two to three day social media firestorm and we just cycle from one to the next. Yeah. And we have the memory of goldfish and Right. They, You know, things. Right. Things that would've been, I defining just come and go with astonishing speed and shock. By the way, I, I should say, I don't think there was a cons. I, I, I doubt there was a conspiracy. I think anything's possible. I think it's just if we have a competence collapse, and I think we saw that on display when the, when the director at the time, You know, testified, Well there's all the elements that it could have been a conspiracy. Right. It could have. But this is kind of the thing which is just Like, It also could have been Right. Systemic competence collapse. And then it's like, okay, would it be better off for the institute?


You know, if it looks like a conspiracy, right? Yeah. Like, You know, which world. Okay, two timelines. Which world would you, would you rather live in the one with the conspiracies or the one with just like incompetence everywhere? Well, I think you have both, right. Simultaneously. Right. I don't think it's binary. Right. I I think there's incompetence everywhere and conspiracies are legitimate. They're real. Yeah. And that one seems like conspiracy. The, the fact that his, his house was professionally scrubbed. There's no social media record of this kid online. There's no nothing. He's The only kid of his generation who's that fired up about politics to have no online footprint. Right. Like, It just doesn't make any sense. So He, as a registered Republican, like the whole thing is like, yeah. So weird. And he was like a bad shooter and then he became a great shooter and Well he definitely trained.


Yeah. Right. Like you could train someone to become a good shooter, but like, this is all you have to do. But that's a little, don't move and do that. Right. Get all your mechanics in place. Right. Understand technique and positioning, breathing. It's not like the most complicated thing from a prone position. Right. But the fact that he chose to use iron sights, I thought was weird too. Yeah. There's a lot of weirdness to it. Yeah. You know, from 140 yards with a scope that is an easy shot. Yeah. Well then he could just like wander up. That's the different timeline. Right. The different timeline is he has a scope. Yeah. And that's it. Okay. Alright. Right. That would've And Trump's dead. Yeah. And then boy Yeah. Boy, do we live in a crazy world then? Yeah. Yeah. Completely bizarre. I mean, what does the streets look like right now?


Yeah. What kind of like protests and riots and Yeah. You think January 6th was nuts? Yes. They had killed Trump. That would be January 6th on steroids everywhere. Yeah, That's right. And we would, we would experience it. I mean, You know, I, I don't know, when I was a kid, my, my high school high school history teacher got us a bootleg copy of the, the Zapruder film. Really? Which, You know, I was like, What a gangster high school history teacher. He was actually pretty focused on the, he really love the Kennedy assassination. So it, we spent a lot of time on that and, and You know, You know, you kind of watch it frame by frame and you can kind of see what's happening with, there's lots of questions, but like, when things like that happen, You know, today it's gonna be in high definition 4K ultra surrounds on forever. Yeah. Right. Playing out in real time forever. And so, like, I yeah. I I very much don't wanna live in the world where those things happen.


Well, we are very fortunate. Yeah. I mean, I, like I said, after the election, I was like, wow, voting works. Yeah. Yes, yes. Yeah. How about that? How About that voting works, that's nice. Like they don't have the system completely rigged. Yeah. And then, but they kind of tried to rig it, at least with the media, the where the real rigging in the 2020 elections. I mean, you can cast all your conspiracies upon it as in terms of like mail-in ballots and all this jazz. But the real rigging was the collusion between social media companies and the government to suppress information that would have altered the effect of the election. Yeah. That's legitimate.


Oh yeah, For sure. Yeah. It wasn like direct interference. And it was, You know, aided abetted by a lot of former, You know, intelligence officials and Yeah. By and by the current administration, You know, tons of pressure on censorship coming from this, You know, the current administration and all their kind of arms of the censor censorship apparatus. You have your Hands in the tech community, you have your fingers in all that jazz. Yeah. Like what was the general attitude about all that stuff when it wasn revealed? How did, how did people, You know, how did your peers respond to that? I think anybody in social media, the internet companies knew it. So I, it was pretty widely understood. I mean, look, there's nothing that happened at Twitter and the Twitter files, it wasn't happening all the, all all the other companies. Right, right. And so it's a, it's a consistent pattern. If you got the YouTube files, they would look exactly the same. And of course, we should get the YouTube files.


Sure. Right. And now we probably, we probably will now with, You know, this new administration's probably gonna like, carve all this stuff open, but yeah, no, look, it was a pattern. And then look, You know, the companies bear a lot of responsibility and the people in the companies, You know, made a lot of, I think, bad judgment calls, but the government, the, like the, the Biden White House was directly exerting censorship pressure on American companies to censor American citizens. Yeah. Which I, which I think by the way, is just flatly illegal. Like, I, I think it's actually subject to criminal charges. Like I think there are people with criminal liability who were involved in this. So there was that, there were also members of Congress doing the same thing, which is also illegal. And then there was a lot of funding of outside third party groups that were, that were bringing a lot of pressure down on censorship. Yeah. And it just, an example of that is, there's a unit at Stanford, You know, right next door, You know, to us that, You know, was the internet censorship unit.


It wasn funded by the US government Wow. And exerted tremendous pressure on the companies to censor. And it was, And it was very effective at doing so. Does it smell like sulfur when you walk those halls? It is very dark and grim. This whole thing is, is very bad. And so Stanford Oh yeah, it's Stan, yeah. Stanford, Stanford, by the way, another unit like that at Harvard, You know, a bunch of universities got pulled into this. A lot of NGOs and nonprofits got pulled into this. And so the Twitter files showed us kind of the basic roadmap. And then there's this thing called the weaponization committee that Congressman Jordan is running. That has also revealed a lot of this. But I, I would imagine the new Trump administration is gonna come in and carve all that wide open. And I know that there are people in, You know, being appointed to senior positions who are very,


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health. You should worry about as we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and loss funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals. With LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jr and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. E terms apply


Determined to do that. One of the things that I found really kind of shocking was when they revealed how much money the Democrats had spent on the election and how much money was spent on activist groups. Yeah. Right. It's like more than a hundred million dollars. Right? Yeah. There's just, there's extensive government funding of politi. Of, of, of politically oriented NGOs. Yeah. NGO's one of those great terms, like non-governmental organization. All right. Like what, what, what the hell is that? Right? What is that? Tell me. I don't know. Well, it's, It's sort of a charity and, but what it really sort of, sort of, but most of the time it's, it's a, it's a political entity. It's an entity with a political agenda, but then it's funded by the government in a very large percentage of cases, including the, the ngo, the NGOs and the censorship complex like the government grants, national Science Foundation grants, like direct State department grants.


Yeah. Right. Direct money. And then it, okay, now you've got an NGO funded by the government. Well, that's not an NGO, like Right. That's a geo. Right. Right. And then you've got a conspiracy. You, You know, like when censorship, then you have a conspiracy. 'cause you've got government officials using government money to fund where are what look like private organizations that aren't. And then what happens is the government outsources to these NGOs, the things that it's not legally allowed to do. Like what? Like, Like censorship. Oh, okay. Like violation of first amendment rights. Right, right. The, the government, so the first, so what they always say is the First Amendment only applies to the government. The First amendment says the government cannot, cannot censor American citizens. And so what they do is, if you wanna censor American citizens here in the government, you, if you're smart, you don't do that.


What you do is you fund an outside organization and then you have them do it. Boy. Right. And, and that's what's been happening. Right. And, and, and that, That's like hiring a hitman. Like it's not okay to murder someone, but you can hire someone to murder someone and in you're clean. Yeah. And if you wanna solve a murder, it's not enough to find out who the hitman was. You have to find out who paid the hitman. Right. Right. You, you wanna work your up the chain. Of course. And so, a lot, a lot of this traces into the White House. The best defense the companies have is that a lot of this happened under coercion. Right. Because when, when the, when the government, when the government puts pressure on you, Like, It, it might be a phone call, it might be a letter, it might be the threat of an investigation, it might be a subpoena. It, it could take many forms. But when the government does that, it carries, You know, that's a very powerful message. It's like Right. It's like a message from a mob boss. Right. Right. It's like, don't you wanna do me a favor?


It's like, You know, yes, Mr. Gambino, I do. Right. Like, I like my corner store. I'd Like It to not catch and fire tonight. Right? Yeah. And so there's the, there's this overwhelming hammer blow pressure that comes in. And, and by the way, even when the government doesn't talk to you directly, if they're funding the organization that is talking to you, then it's very clear what's happening. And so you, you come under incredible pressure. And so the, the, the whole kind of chain, this whole chain of governments, activist universities and companies, it's corrupted. And then on top of that, people in the companies in a lot of cases made a lot of decisions that I think they're probably increasingly starting to regret. What was confusing to me was that the government spent so much money on these activist groups during the election. And I didn't understand like what purpose that would serve.


Like what, what function would it serve to spend all this money on these activist groups that already support you? Supposedly? Yeah. Like, are you bribing them to support you? Are they, what are they, are they, are you paying them to go on talk shows and consistently repeat the government's message, the current administration's message? Like what, what would be the function of that? So I think in some, in some cases just it's just pay to play. Right? So for as an example, we know that Kamala's campaign paid certain on-air personalities, You know, follow. And then there were, there were, You know, which were, it's your point. People were very supportive of, of Kamala who've then gave her, You know, interviews that, that weren't really well. And So I, I think in some cases you just have straight pay to play.


That's just how that system works. It's just expected. And then I think you have other organizations like, like these NGOs and others activist groups where they're, they're actually, You know, they actually do field activities, right? And so there's, You know, maybe there's a get out the vote component or there's, You know, social media influence downstream component or some other, You know, kind of field activity that's happening in support of the election. I just didn't think that they pay, like when it's still unclear whether or not celebrities got paid to endorse her. Right. Right. Have you They they, they've mixed it up. 'cause there's, there's, they, like Oprah said, Oprah says her production company was paid to put on the production, but she was not paid for the interview. Yeah. Whatever. But it was, You know, two whatever, $2 million, two and half Million. Half million was initially listed as one, And it turned out it was 2.5. Right. And so Own, but if I own a production company Right.


And my production company gets paid $2.5 million to endorse Trump. Right. And then I go, I didn't get any of that money. Right. People are like, shut the fuck up Because you got, it's your company. What you talking about? Yeah. And also how much did it cost to do an event? Yes. How does it cost $2.5 million to put on an event? Like, are you feeding people gold sandwiches? Like, what are you doing? Like, how is that possible? Yeah, exactly. So yeah. And then you, you can see the fact that it's deliberately obfuscated, of course, is a, is a clue as To what's happening. I just thought the really bizarre one was the allegations. And I, I'd say unsubstantiated allegations, it's been alleged that Beyonce got $10 million. Yeah. And Lizzo got $3 million.


M and m got 1.8 million. Like really? Yeah. I think if you just like published all these numbers, these celebrities would all get so mad at each other that you, you Oh, sure they are. Then you would learn everything m and M got short, he got shorted. Right. Right. Liz Lizzo was furious right now. Right. Yeah. Lizzo was probably listening to this right now being like, what? Well, I wonder if Lizzo was like, I didn't get shit. I would say it, but why haven't they said it? Like Beyonce has been mum about the whole thing. I I, I think I would probably say Yeah. Like, I didn't get any money to do that. Yeah. Yeah. But it wasn a weird one too, because a lot of people thought Beyonce was gonna do a concert. Right. And she just went out there and talked and everybody's like, what the fuck? Because they all came to see a free Beyonce concert. Yes. And then she just said, I wanna support Kamala Harris.


And everybody's like, good, good. Now if you Like It, then you should have put a ring on it. Right. Uhoh, come on. We love your songs. Yes. That's what we're here for. Yes. I just didn't think that it was even possible that a, I I didn't think a candidate would ever pay for an endorsement. Yeah. I mean, the fact that it was even alleged. Yeah. Yeah. Well, You know, and then there's of course, there's, there's the, the even Stinkier version, arguably, which is all the, all the social media influencer campaigns now there's, You know, tremendous amount of payola, That's for sure. Right. Because I know people personally who are approached multiple times Yeah. And offered a substantial amount of money to post things in support of Harris. Yeah.


And like, I'm, I'm pro capitalism and I'm happy for them that they get paid, but like, maybe we should know, Like Yeah, that seems like something you should absolutely have to disclose. It should be like, like say if I was gonna do an ad for, You know, whatever, a certain coffee company, black rifle coffee, and I did it on my Instagram, I'd have to say ad I have to say this is an ad. Yeah. It's a paid ad. Yeah. I mean, that's part of the thing. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Unless it's your company. Yep. Like you're supposed to say, they're paying me to do this. Yeah. Yeah. Well, You know, look, I, the good news with these is we learn each cycle, we learn a lot about how politics works. We learn about a lot about how fake it is. We learn a lot about the things we put up with for a very long time. I mean, everybody's always like freaked out by like whatever the new guy does. But like, this real scandal in most cases, I think is just the way the system already works.


It's a sneaky system. Yeah. Well, another fascinating aspect of the system that we learned out this time around is the uncontrolled aspect of it. Like what Trump called earned media Right. Was much more powerful than anything else. Yeah. The uncontrolled version of it. Like, one of the things that unfortunately for them mass media or corporate media has done is they've diminished their credibility so much. So much so that, like, joy Reid was on TV today talking about saying that Trump was gonna shoot protesters and all just wild, unsubstantiated, crazy shit.


Yeah. And the more they do stuff like that, the more that they say things like that, the more it diminishes their impact and the more it drives people Yeah. To independent media sources. Yeah. I'm sure you've seen the ratings collapse that they, that they've, they've been, You know, they're down to like, they're down to like MSNBC's to like 50,000 people in the 18 to 20, 18 to 49 demo. That is so wild. Which Is tiny. Right? It's So crazy. It's really tiny. So I, I think that's happening. The Gallup organization has done polls on trust in institutions including, You know, media for the last 60 years. It's been a steady slide down. And in the last, You know, four years fallen off a cliff. I I think it's real. Oh, there's another study that came out. The kids are now watching a lot less tv Kids are just giving up on tv.


Yeah. And they're just, You know, they're on YouTube and TikTok and Instagram and other things. And so, like, I I, I think it's tipping question I've been asking myself is when when will the actual, You know, famously 1960 was the first television election. Right. The, You know, sort of legend has it Because it was the one where the televised debate really mattered. And if you saw the televised debate, you saw Confident Kennedy and nervous Nixon. And if you heard it right, you experienced something different And handsomeness Came into effect and vitality Yeah. And Health. Yeah. Right. And all, all all these things sort of positive, positive spirit, positive energy. I'm actually not, this, this might be have been the first internet election, or maybe we actually haven't had it yet. Like, I, I feel like we're really close to the first internet election, but maybe it's not all the way there. I think This is it. I think this, there's an argument that this is it, right.


And that, You know, all the, You know, all the stuff, especially in the last six months, all the po You know, po podcasts obviously in your, your show played a big role. But like, I think there's a real, if you're gonna run in 28, like I think there's like a fully internet native way to run these campaigns that might literally involve like zero television advertising. And maybe you don't even need to raise that money. And maybe to your point, if you have the right message, maybe you just go straight direct. Yeah. I, It might be a completely different way to do this. I think that's the only way now, and I think if you do pay people, it's not gonna have the same impact. Yeah. You know, I think these call her daddy shows and all these different shows that she went on, I mean, I'm sure they had an, an impact, but I think that in the future, I, I, I'm sure they're, they're scrambling to try to create their own version of this show.


Right. This is one thing that keeps coming up. Like we need our own Joe Rogan. Right. But they had me, it wasn on Side. Well, number one, they had you, number one, they had you comes on the side, they had you and they drove you away is the number one number. But they also have, You know, A-B-C-N-B-C-C-B-S-C-N-N. Right. But that doesn't work anymore. That's like, You know, like you're using smoke signals and everybody else has a cell phone. Yeah, that's right. It doesn't work. Yeah, that's right. That's right. It's just, it's, it's a bizarre time. Yeah. It's really interesting though. Yeah. Like, as you said, like we're in a great timeline. And I think it's a fascinating timeline too, because there's so much uncertainty and there's so much. Right. We are at the verge of ai, You know, open ai, You know, Altman has said now that he thinks 2025 will be the year that AI becomes sentient.


Whatever that means, You know, artificial general intelligence will be, will emerge. And who knows how that affects, I I've said publicly and I'm kind of half joking Yeah. That we need AI government. Yeah. You know, I, it sounds crazy to say Yeah. But instead of having this like alpha chimpanzee that runs the tribe of humans. Yeah. How about we have some like really logical fact-based Yeah. You know, program Yeah. That, You know, makes it like really reasonable and equitable in a way that we can all agree to. Right. Let's govern things in that manner. Right. So you can actually simulate this today Because you can, you can go on these systems, strategy g PT or collateral or these others, and you can, you can ask, You know, how should we handle issue X?


How should this be run? Yeah. We've done that. Right. How Should the Department of energy do whatever nuclear policy or whatever. And, and what I find when I do that is I discover two things. Number one, of course, these things are, these things have the same problem social media's had, which is they're tremendously politically biased and Right. You know, that's on purpose. And they, they need to fix that. And that's gonna be a big topic in the next several years. But the other thing you learn is if you can get through the political, basically bias and censorship, if you can actually get to a discussion of the actual issue, it's, you get very sophisticated answers. Yes. Right? Very logical, very straightforward. And it will explain every aspect of the issue to you, and it'll take you through all the pros and cons. Yeah. And You know, I mean, it might be the way to go. Yeah. Which is so horrifying for people to think because everyone's worried about the terminators taking over the world. Yeah. And like, if that's the first step is we let them govern us.


Well, Look, there's nothing stopping a, a politician from using this. There's nothing stopping a policymaker from using, You know, as a tool. Right. You start out at, at the very least, you start out using it as a tool. There's nothing to prevent, You know, like for example, I think military commanders in the field are gonna have basically AI battlefield assistance that are gonna advise them on strategy tactics. Yes. Right. How to win conflicts. And then it'll start to work its way up. And then they'll be doing, You know, war planning and, and then if you're a general, if you're a, You know, a sergeant or a colonel or a general, it's gonna just mean you perform better. Yes. And so maybe there's like, You know, the human, the sort of man machine kinda symbiotic relationship. And, and you could imagine that happening more in the, in the policy process and in the, in the political process. And there's also AI controlled jets, which are far superior. They, they did, Mike Baker was telling us about that. They did these simulated dog fights and the AI controlled jets won 100% of the time Yeah.


Over humans. Yeah. And there's a bunch of reasons for that. And part of it is just simply the speed of, of processing and, and, and so forth. But a another big thing is if you don't have a human in the plane, you don't have the, what do they say? The spam in the can. You don't have the, You know, you don't have the human body Yeah. In the plane. You don't have to keep a human being alive, which means you can be a lot faster and you can move a lot more quickly. G-Force Much, much Higher G-Force. Yeah. And then there's no option for someone to go crazy. Yeah. That's, yes. That's also right. Yes. Exactly. It's no, there's no human element. Yeah. You know, which is a real element. Yeah. No, look, I think we're gonna, it's gonna be common to have like mach five drone, You know, jet drones within, within a few years. And, You know, there'll be a fraction of the size of the current, You know, manned planes, which means you can have like a lot more of them.


And so you kind of wanna imagine, You know, a thousand of these things like coming over the horizon right. At you. And it really changes. It, it, it's actually, I think it'd be very interesting. It really changes the fundamental equation of war in the following sense. Fundamentally, in the past, the people who won wars are the, the want the the people who had the most men and the most material. Right. So you just needed the most soldiers and you needed the most equipment. And in this drone world that we're talking about, it's gonna be the people with the most money and the best technology. Yeah. Right? And so, for example, small states, You know, small advanced states like Singapore will be able to punch way above their weight. And then kind of large, sort of economically or technologically backward states that normally would've won will now lose. And so it's gonna, it's gonna be a, a recalibration. And then it has the, the, the good news is you're not putting soldiers at risk.


Right? Right. So you'll have a lot less, a lot less death. The, the, the bad news arguably is it'll be easier to get into conflicts because you're not putting soldiers at risk. So there's gonna have to be a recalibration of like, when you actually like lean into an attack. I'm sure you're aware of all this UUAP disclosure jazz that you see on television. The more I look into it, the more I think at least a percentage of it, a healthy percentage of it is bullshit. And there's probably some government projects where they've developed some very sophisticated propulsion systems that they've applied to drones. And that that's what these people are seeing. And this is one of the reasons why they continually have sightings over secured military spaces like out in the eastern seaboard.


Like there's areas over Virginia where they continually see them in San Diego, they see them off the coast of San Diego. Right. Where there's a place where you would test stuff like that. Yeah. Well, so of course, of course we know that it wasn the case for a very long time, for sure. From the fifties through the eighties, because the development of stealth, right, right. Was, was highly classified. And the SR 71 was brand new at one point. And so you had these like, You know, alien, You know, Do you pay attention to any of that stuff At all? Of course, of course. A hundred percent. Yeah. And then, and then, and then by the way, we're not the only ones. And So I, I I, You know, my speculation would be that a lot, some of the military based stuff is, is, is, You know, the Chinese doing something similar. Yes. And, You know, we got a glimpse into that with the balloon, You know, well, that thing was goofy though. They got shut down. But still the fact that the Chinese are flying surveillance balloons over American territory and they were able to slip through our early warning systems and just like, You know, loiter above military bases and like, You know, take lots of, You know, imagery and do whatever scans they do.


Yeah. And like, literally nothing was happening and we didn't even know they were there most of the time. And so, like, You know, I would just say that's like a tip of the ice. It feels like a tip of the iceberg kind of thing. Where if, if they were doing that there, there are probably other things going on. Well, I've read that someone had commented that similar things had happened during the Trump administration, but they didn't tell Trump 'cause they didn't want to him to shoot them down. Hmm. Interesting. Interesting. I, for the record, I'm pro shooting them down. Yeah. I think you should probably shoot them down. They're taking pictures of shit. They're not supposed, there's not even people up there fucking shoot 'em down. Yeah, yeah. What's the problem? Yes, Exactly. You Know? Yes. Do you think there are any of those that are not of this world? I, I've, I I don't think there's any way to know from the outside. Have You ever like, pondered it late at night, sitting on, on your porch porch?


Of course, of course. Staring up in the sky. Course. Of course, Of course. Well, it, it ra You know, raises, You know, racist. And number one is, is there not? And then if, if, if it is, You know, did it recently get here? Have they been here for a long time? You know, did they arrive 5,000 years ago? Tucker thinks they're demons and angels, You know, I mean, demons and angels are demons and angels real. It's like, You know, literally, You know, probably not, but like, certainly they're metaphorically real. And are there China shades of gray between literal and metaphorical, You know? Well, the actions are certainly demonic and angelic. Yeah. Right. Actions of human beings. Yep. Of course, mass things that happen in the world are uplifting or horrific. Yeah. Evil, evil people doing evil things are possessed. I mean, they're, they're possessed by something. Right. Like something is going on. Right.


And like, You know, what's, what's the dividing line between, You know, an actual supernatural force and a and some sort of psychological sociological thing that's so overwhelming that it just takes control of people and drives 'em crazy. Like you might might as well call that a demon. Yeah. It's fascinating because like, when you think about from theological term, like when you think of it from a religious perspective, You know, people would apply what would a demon do? What would angels do? What is, what is a, what is the will of God? And what is like the evils of the, the worst aspects of humanity? You would, You know, you could apply them to so many things in the world, but we're very reluctant to say that something is demonic.


Yeah. Like, even though it's clearly demonic, like clearly in action, like this is what a demon would do. Yeah. A demon would possess people to gun down children. Exactly. You know, and, You know, use drones to shoot down a wedding party. Yeah. A demon would do that. Right, Exactly. So a friend of mine is a religious scholar. He's a, teaches a Catholic, a Catholic university. And he is religious history scholar. And he says that medieval people would have had a medieval, people were psychologically better prepared for the era ahead of us with AI and robots and drones everywhere than we are, because medieval people took it for granted that they lived in a world with higher powers, higher spirits, angels, demons. Oh. All kinds of supernatural entities. And it just, it was just assumed to be true.


And in the world we're heading into, You know, that we're arguably already in, You know, there are going to be these, You know, new forces, these new entities running around doing things. And You know, we're gonna just, we're gonna struggle and we're gonna, You know, we're gonna catastrophize, we're gonna conclude, You know, like AI's the end of the world. Yeah. The medievals would've said, oh, it's just another spirit. Like, You know, it's just another kind of entity. Yeah. It's better, it, it's better than humans in some things, but so are angels. And so we're gonna have to like, change our mentality. We're almost gonna have to become a little bit more medieval. We're gonna have to open up our minds to the kinds of entities that we're dealing with. Wow. Yeah. Which, which also could help us actually deal with people. Like It may, maybe, maybe, maybe there's an explanatory the way to think about human behavior here that seems less rational, but might actually be more rational. Well, You expressed yourself very brilliantly in describing the current state of woke ideology as a religion.


Yeah, that's right. And that the, the way you described it was brilliant. 'cause you were, you were saying that it has all the elements excommunication, adherence to a very strict doctrine, all these different aspects of it saying things that you, everyone knows to be illogical and nonsensical, but you must repeat it. Right. You know, these things are indicative of people that are in cults or people that are a part of like a very, like a serious fundamental religion. Yeah. Well, I mean, of course the big difference between woken is traditional religions is woke, has no concept of redemption. Right, right. No concept of forgiveness. Right. Which Is a very evil religion. You Do not want that to C of your religion. Right. It's also so Well, it's ill-conceived, right? Yes. 'cause it's like immature, it's an immature religion.


Yes. It's absolutist. It's inherently totalitarian. It has to be 'cause it can permanently destroy people. Yeah. Woke also understands something that the Greeks understood, which is the being ostracized and being put to death through the same thing. Mm. And so when the Greeks sentenced somebody like Socrates to death, they gave them the option of just leaving. But the problem was really, yes, Socrates could have just walked out and left. No kidding. But the, the, the, the reason it wasn considered equivalent sentences is because at, at that time, if you were not a citizen of a particular city, you would get killed in the next city. You'd be identified as the enemy presumptively and killed. And so there was no way to survive without being part of your community. Wow. And I, and I, that's what the wokes figured out is you can do the same thing if you're able to like, You know, nail somebody on, You know, on, on charges of having done something, You know, unacceptably horrible, then you make them toxic and all of a sudden they can't, You know, they can't have, You know.


Sure. You know people, You know, they lose friends, they lose family, they lose, they can't get work, You know, before You know it. Like they're, You know, living, You know, severely diminished, damaged lives. Some people then go on to kill themselves. I don't know if you have been paying attention at all to Blue sky. I have, but I have multiple friends that have accounts on Blue Sky that are very sophisticated trolls and are pushing like the woke agenda to a satirical point. There we go. Like to like parody. Yeah. But like on the edge where you're not quite sure. Yeah. Or they'll say enough real things that make sense and talk about their own anxieties and personal issues with stuff and then say fucking ridiculous shit.


And it's fascinating. I bet it works. It does work. Yeah. That's what's so terrifying. Yeah. It's like all the outcasts of Twitter. All the people that were like, I can't take this. A few of them have come back, which is wonderful. I love when they come back, I'm gone, I'm gonna go to Blue Sky. Fuck you people. Like a bunch of 'em went to threads for a while. Like Stephen King, he went to Threads, came right back. They all come right back. They can't, the marketplace of ideas like, okay, you could go to like a fruit stand in the middle of the fucking desert and that's a marketplace. Or you can go to the farmer's market where everybody's there. Yeah. Like, where are you gonna go? That's right. You're gonna go to the farmer's market. That's right. Tons of people. It's a lot of fun. Yes. A lot of activity. Yes. That fruit stands fucking barren and deserted.


There's no one there. There's very few choices. Yeah. Yeah. It's not Fun. And it's win-win to have. Well, it's win-win. It's win-win to have the back on Twitter. 'cause it's good for them. 'cause they wanna proselytize and so they, they need an yes, they need an audience. So they, they they win and then we win. 'cause it's really, really fun to dunk on them. But it's also weird for them to not want any pushback at all. Yeah. Like don't, isn't the whole thing supposed to be about an exchange of ideas? Like, if you have a controversial idea and someone disagrees with it, don't you want to hear that position? I, I know I do. Yeah. I want to hear it. Yeah. Even if I vehemently disagree with it, I want to hear it. I wanna know where, how do you, how's your brain work? How are you coming to these conclusions? What makes you think this way? Who are you, what do you like? I wanna go and on Instagram, I wanna look at your pictures.


Yeah. I wanna see what you're up to. What are you doing? You know? Yeah. What you do with your free time, You know, what are complaining about. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna, it's Like, it's a fascinating education on human psychology and to, to watch people express themselves publicly. Right. And then also be attacked publicly by strangers, which never happens in the real world. Right. Like at scale Yes. The way it happens on social media. Yeah. And I think it's a, an amazing time for people to examine ideas if you can handle it. Yeah. My favorite term is marketplace of idea. Yeah. You can have a marketplace of ideas, it's just gonna be one idea. Right. So blue sky is a marketplace of idea. Sure. Yeah. X is the marketplace of ideas that that final s makes a lot of difference.


Yeah. Right. But the thing about X is it really is diverse. Yeah. There's, I follow tons of like kooky leftist progressive nut bags that like have bizarre takes on everything. Yeah. Yeah. And that we're a hundred percent convinced that Kamala Harris is gonna sweep all the swing states, including Iowa. Yeah. They were all in. And I was like, this is wild. Yeah. Like, is that gonna happen? Yeah. Are they right? Like, this is crazy, but it's, they were 100% convinced. And it's, it's fascinating to see all these different kinds of people to see the Charlie Kirks and, You know, the, the full on left wing kooks Right. And see 'em all together. Right. So what you need that. Yeah.


Well, look, so one, one of the ways I think to think about this is all new information is heretical by definition. Right. So, so anytime anybody has a new idea that it's, it's a, it's a threat to the existing power structure. So all new ideas start as heresies. And so if you don't have an environment that can tolerate heresies, you're not gonna have new ideas and you're gonna end up with complete stagnation. Right. And if you, if you have stagnation, you're gonna go straight into dec into decline. Yeah. Right. And, and, and I think this is the, the, the aberrant nature, this is the timeline split. I think that, I think the last decade has just been like a really weird aberrant time where things have not been working like they should. And, and You know, in 2015, Twitter called itself the free speech wing of the free speech party. Right. And Elon, Elon has not like, changed Elon has restored it.


Right. Right. He brought it back, he brought it back to something that everybody thought was completely normal 10 years ago. Yeah. And I think, I hope this last 10 years increasingly is just gonna feel like a bad dream. Like, I can't believe we tolerated the level of repression. Right. And anger and, You know, emotional incontinence and, You know, cancellation campaigns, Emotional incontinence is a great term. Yes. There has been a lot. That's really what it's Like It of emotional incontinence. You just diarrhea in your emotions just S spraying rage in all directions. And So I I, You know, I I'm very, at the moment at least very optimistic that there's a cultural change happening here that's even more profound than the, than the than than the political change. I have a lot of respect and also sympathy for Jack Dorsey. I, I like him a lot as a human being. I think he's a brilliant guy and I think he had very good intentions, but he was a part of a very large corporation.


And he had an idea for a wild west Twitter. He wanted to have two versions of Twitter. He wanted to have the Twitter it wasn pre Elon where there's moderation and you, You know, you can't dead name someone and all that jazz. And then he wanted to have an additional Twitter. It wasn essentially what X is now. Yeah. And he just didn't have the ability to push that through with the, the board and the executives and all the people that, You know, were fully on board with woke ideology. Yeah. So the experience that people like Jack have had running these companies in the last decade has been, and I don't mean to like let them off the hook for their decisions, but just the, the lived experiences they say of, of what these people's lives have been like is just daily pounding.


Just every single day. It's like meteor strikes coming down from the sky exploding around you, getting attacked from every conceivable direction being called just incredibly horrible things. Being attacked from many different directions. Well, He's already left blue sky. Well, Yeah. So, So I was gonna say the irony of Jack is that Jack then created blue, blue sky, which is kind of exactly the opposite of anyway, where he thought, You know, oh, by the way, You know, the new the new name for it of course is Blue Cry. Ah, yes. I didn't know that exactly. Yeah. And, but he's also got, You know, look to his credit, he's still trying. And so he's got Noster, You know, which is another, another thing. What is it? It's called Nos, N-O-S-T-R. Oh, okay. It's his kind of new, this is, it's actually his third. He's gonna keep swinging. He's gonna Look at full credit. Full credit. He's gonna, he's gonna keep swinging. And by the way, full credit, he supported Elon.


You know, they, they mixed up a little bit, but by and large he's been very supportive and was very supportive. But a key time. And well, I also found it fascinating that when there was any sort of a right wing branch of that stuff, like Gab or any of these, they would immediately be infiltrated by bots as well. Like my friends that troll on Blue Sky. But these are Nazis. Yeah. Like these are Nazi bots. Yeah. These are people that would just spew horrible hate. And then Gab would be labeled, oh, this is where the Nazis go. Yeah. This is a a a right wing psychopath Yeah. Social media app. Yeah. And I think, frankly, I think you get the same thing if you start out, if I think if you start out overtly political on either side, I think that's what you end up with. Yes. And So, I, I just like that, that that doesn't seem to be an effective route to market.


It seems like you have, you have to start from the beginning as a general purpose service, but you need to have some sense of the actual guardrails you're gonna have around. And by the way, every social media service, internet service that ever works, there's always some content Yeah. Filter and restrictions. Because you can't have child porn, you can't have violence, you can't have terrorist recruitment. Right. And even the First Amendment, there's like a dozen carve outs that the Supreme Court has ruled on over time that are things like that, that you can't just like say, right. I can't say let's go join ISIS and let You know. Let's go, let's go attack Washington. Like, it's just, it's literally not, not allowed. So there, there's always some controls, but you need to have like a spine of steel if you're gonna hold back the, the, the, the, the censorship pressure and, and You know, there's basically Substack, You know, company I'm involved, You know, doing very well, You know, smaller.


I love substack. Smaller Than Twitter, but doing extremely well. Fantastic. And they've done a great job, I think, of holding the line on this stuff. Yes. And then obviously, And it's an amazing resource. There's so many brilliant people on Substack. Yeah, that's right. I love Substack. I get a large percentage of my news from Substack. Right. That's right. It's really good. And it's so valuable and it's such a great place for people who are independent journalists and physicians and scientists to publish their ideas and actually get paid for it by the people who subscribe for to it. I think it's fantastic. Yeah. And there's lots of people on the far left and the far right. Yes. Right. So you actually have the full spray of like, when a far left person gets upset at work, You know, somebody working in the New York Times that mad because they're not far left enough, they quit and they start a sub stack. Right. And Substack welcomes them in.


Yes. Which is which which is why they don't devolve into a gabber or, or something like that. 'cause it, it really is a pla it really is a platform. You, it really does welcome all commerce. Well it's also very difficult to subvert in that same way because Substack is essays, right. You're you're reading people's essays and papers on things. Yeah. And like these are long form things that are very well in a lot of cases. Yeah. Very well researched. And it's not the kind of thing you could just shit post on. Right. You know, there are comments, but it's just like, they don't hold the weight that the actual article holds. Right. So my partners, my partners at work, they've observed that I tend to be able to inflame situations from time to time. I, I can tend to be provocative. I get people really upset. And so the, the, the rule they've asked me to comply with is, I'm allowed to write essays, for example, in Substack.


And I'm allowed to go on long form podcasts, but I'm not allowed to post Really. Right. Exactly. You have rules. That's, it's the rule. It's the rule. Now, by the way, I struggle, I struggle against the rules 'cause I can't, I can't help myself from time. Well, why do you want you to have rules? Because otherwise I, I I inflame people too much. I drive, I I I drive people too crazy. Do you do it on purpose? Sometimes. I mean, sometimes you have to. Sometimes it's unintentional. Did you ever hear about when, when the entire continent, when the entire country of India was mad at me? No. Oh, I, I spent one night with the entire country of India, basically wanted to kill me. Oh. It was Like, It was, it was incredible. I, oh my Goodness. What Happened? I mean, I was in a Twitter debate with somebody back when I was just posting freely on Twitter. And it was a debate about economics. And the topic of colonialism came up and I, I made a, a, a comment in a, in a, in a long thread about, You know, colonialism And it, And it turns out the, the Indians are still extremely sensitive about the topic of colonialism and Wow.


I did not understand the mindset and the historical orientation. And I tripped a line. Ooh. And I stayed up all night and I went hyper viral in every time zone in India. Every hour there would be like an entirely new activation. Whoa. And I, and I was like, I was like front page, headline news, top of the hour TV news, like all the way across India. Wow. Yes. It was like a, i I do not recommend this as an experience. I, I, by the way, I learned how many incredible Indian American friends I have because they all rallied to my, You know, my side. You know, said he's, he's not, You know, mark's not literally calling for the recolonization of India. Like it wasn it wasn It's not actually, It's probably the language barrier as well. Right. Oh, Language. And then just what I, my big is just historical context.


Americans have a different, we Americans experience history differently than almost everybody else. History for us is just like stuff that happened in the past that doesn't matter anymore. But a lot of other people around the world experience history as something that really still matters, like really matters to their lives today. Yes. They, they just, they, they, they live in history more than we have a deeper understanding of kind of how they got to where they were and the things that happened to their parents and grandparents and Right, right. And ancestors. And so there's just a, it is just, it's just, You know, I dunno if it's, You know, better or worse. It's just a different way of experiencing reality. Yeah. Anyway, I, I recommend learning that lesson, not by enraging a billion people. I experienced a small version of that recently because I said we shouldn't be using long range missiles on Russia. Mm. Okay. And the Ukrainians, like, and Ukrainian bots, a bunch of people came after me because I was saying like the Biden administration, I was like, fuck these people.


And then I think some people misconstrued that as fuck the Ukrainian people, which I absolutely was not saying. I see. I was saying, fuck whoever in the last days of the presidencies decide to escalate this war. 'cause it appears that that's what they've done. Right. It appears that they're leaving Trump of giant mess. Right. At the very least. Right. So good news is I am allowed to go on podcast. I I that's good news in the theory. It's it's your sub bringing it up though. 'cause it's your substack thing. It's, it's because it's basically Mark, you, you need, you need to explain yourself in long form. Yes. You, you can't just say a thing exactly to your, your example. You can't just say a thing and have people extrapolate from it. 'cause they'll extrapolate it is not their fault. 'cause you haven't, it's your fault 'cause you haven't explained it. Right.


Right. And so if you write something long form or if you go talk for three hours, at least you'll, the, the context will be there. And then if they wanna get mad at you, that's fine. But you can point everybody to the transcript and it's clear that that's not what you meant. Do you also think while you're writing how things could be misconstrued? So let me like, do a really good job of being very clear about this. A hundred percent. Yeah. You kind of have to, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Like I had Jimmy Corsetti on the other day, and he is an expert in ancient history and ancient civilizations, and we had these fascinating subjects, and one of them that came up was the Nazis and their fascination with the occult. And so you had to like clearly say, listen, fuck Hitler. Okay. Can I be really clear? Fuck Hitler.


Fuck the Nazis. Okay. I have not in any way. Okay. Now that we're clear, let's talk about where the swastika came from. Fuck Hitler. Did I say fuck Hitler? Lemme say it again. Fuck Hitler. But the swastika is this ancient symbol, and he's like talking about like, why did the Nazis have this fascination with the occult and with ancient civilizations? And so we got into it, but it was like one of those things where it's like, all right, we're hitting the third rail. Everybody get your rubber boots on. Yeah. You know, let's, let's save everybody here. Yeah. I've got a friend in the entertainment business who quite left wing, but really likes World War II documentaries. Ooh. And so he'll be like, yeah, I saw this great documentary last night about Hitler. And I'm like, I bet you did.


You can't even have a copy of Mind Camp in your house. Oh. A student at, this is actually one of the Stanford crazy stories. A student at Stanford was reported to the disciplinary board, the d the, the civil whatever, disc disciplinary board for reading a copy of mine Conflict. Oh my God. In, in the Quad. Oh my God, that's so crazy. Which Is a book that's been, You know, assigned for, you could Buy it right now on Amazon, 80 years Yeah. To college kids to like understand who these people were and like, how to not do that again. Yeah. That, that, that kid was like, nearly brought up in charges and nearly expelled. So like, wow. Yeah. That's, that's, yes. This, this is the world that I, that I, that I hope that we're leaving. Well, it is just an awful way to look at things. It's, it's so awful to think that if you read about someone horrible, you support them.


Yeah, that's right. It's just so crazy. Like, what, how are we gonna study history? Yeah. Right. And how are we gonna, well, and how are we gonna prevent bad things from happening again if we, if we can't, if we can't wrap our heads around why they happened the first time, especially Something like the Nazis, like, How are you, how are we gonna learn? Like what happened? Yeah. Clearly 1920s Germany was very different than 1945 Germany. Right. What the fuck happened in 25 years? Right. So what we're essentially talking about is the year 1999 America. Right. Versus 2024 America. Right. Imagine a shift of that magnitude. So crazy. Yep. That there's a holocaust in 2024 and in 1999 everybody's just hanging out.


Yep. That's right. Well, you should probably study that. You should know that, and you should probably not reprimand someone for reading a book on this. Yeah, that's Right. Yeah, exactly. And look, the German people went along with it. Right. And so, like, how, You know, how did that happen? How did that Happen? And how many, You know, did they, was there active agreement? Was there risk agreement? Was there, You know, what, what, What are the steps? Yeah, Exactly. Where things go horribly wrong. Yeah, no, that's right. And how can we recognize those? Because those steps have taken place multiple times in history and recorded history. Right. We'd know about them. Yeah. So like, if we see them happening today, maybe we should stop it, nip it at the bud. What better way than to read about when it already happened. Yeah. One, one of my observations about people talking about current events is we know conclusively, the prayer eras all had hor horrible moral problems, disasters, You know, catastrophes, wars, and all kinds.


They made all kinds of horrible mistakes. But we are completely certain that in our time we figured it all out. Right? Right. We're a hundred percent convinced that we have it all dialed in. And the one thing I know for sure is people 50 years from now are gonna look back on us, and they're gonna say, oh my God, those people were awful. 100%. Right. It just, it's But like, in what way? Right. In what way are we horrible? Yeah. I mean, certainly a lot of the way we treat each other is horrible, especially with the amount of information that we have available. But it is fascinating also that if you, You know, I, I visited Athens last year's, last year, and I got to tour the ruins, and I was like, oh, I wonder when it all went south. Like when did they, when did they know this had fallen apart? Like, when, when was it in the peak of everything?


Yeah. They probably thought, Hey, we have the most amazing sophisticated civilization that's available on Earth, and we will maintain this. Yeah. This is how we will be the center of intellectual discourse and the, the home of democracy. This is us. Yeah. Yeah. And then, no. Yeah. Now there's like shitty apartment buildings next to the Parthenon. You're like, what happened? Something horribly happened. Yes. And we don't want to think that could ever happen to us today. Right. We wanna think we're American motherfucker, we're gonna keep this bitch rolling forever. Leonard Skynyrd, Freebird, let's go Second amendment. Come on. And we're gonna, we think that it's just, this is, this is the future. We, America is the shining star of the world, and we're gonna carry this on, but probably not like historically.


I mean, the, what is the longest running dominant civilization ever? The Romans existed for what, a couple thousand years. Like how long did the Greeks run? How long did the Egyptian, the Egyptians might be the longest running, especially if you like, take into account the possibility of alternative history timelines. Right. Where they, You know, like Egyptian hieroglyphs, they have kings that go back 30,000 years. Right. Here it is Egypt and Mesopotamia. There it is. Yeah. One estimate, measuring the time of the first Pharaohs, the use of hieroglyph writing to the native religion was replaced by Christianity. Ancient Egyptian civilization endured for about 3,500 years. But I bet it was more than that. Well, the, I mean, the, the argument is just, things just really didn't really change.


Right. Like change, as we understand historical change of the kind that we understand where things actually change, right. The way people live changes really kicked off with the Greeks. And so it wasn sort of the default status Quo Civilization for a long time. The, the Greeks kicked off change as we understand it. And then, and then, and then, and then the Romans. Do You know about the fish ponds? The fish ponds? The fish cicero's fish ponds? No. So the Roman Empire, You know, ran for, You know, in, in its sort of Roman Republican empire. And it sort of helped, which you consider its dynamic phase. It, it sort of vital phase ran for a few, You know, a few hundred years, but maybe 400 years total, something like that. And towards the end, as it was sort of falling, stagnating and, and increasingly starting to fall apart, friend of mine says when the roses got dangerous, and nobody could quite explain why.


Right. Which sounds familiar by the way. Si Cicero was, You know, one of the great, one of the great Roman statesmen. And he, he wrote these letters that we have, and in, in the letters, he sends these letters to all of his aristocratic friends. And it, the, the theme in the letters is basically all of the actual competent capable citizens of Rome are at out in the countryside, at their villas perfecting their fish ponds. Wow. Right. They're pulling into themselves. They've built their themselves their own protected environments. Right? Yeah. Right. Where they control everything. And they're completely focused on ornamentation. They're completely focused on their clothes and, and on their, You know, lifestyles. Right. Kardashians, they were Kardashians, I'm sure, I don't know if the Kardashians have fish ponds, but if they did, they would be spectacular fish ponds.


It would Be amazing fish Ponds. I have no doubt they would be the most amazing fish ponds we have ever seen. And he, so he kept railing, he is like, stop with the fish ponds. Like, stop working on the fish. Like get, get back out here, rejoin the Senate, like get back involved in the system. Let's keep this thing from caving in. Yes. And I think, You know, look as I, You know, the significance I think of, You know, Trump actually talked about this in the campaign, You know, his version of this talking on the campaign campaign trails. He's like, look, I could be off in a resort. I own all these, like all 12. I have many things I could be doing in my life. Of course. And he's 78 years old. He probably would like to do that. Exactly right. And he is, You know, surrounded, his family loves him and like, You know, grandkids and like the whole thing. And, and he's like, look, I, I'm not doing it 'cause like, I need, I need, I need to do this. And, and it's interesting 'cause You know, he doesn't use, You know, he's not referencing Cicero when he says that, but it's, it's that spirit Yes.


Right. That Cicero talked about where, You know, when times get tough, do the people who are in a position to actually make positive change actually step up or not. Right. And I think we've had a pretty long stretch here where that hasn't been the case. And I think maybe with Trump, and then I think also with Elon, I think Yes, because Elon's the other guy. Right. He, he for sure could focused What's a coalition, right? It's not just him, it's Vive Ram Swami. That's right. Which Another guy by the way, who Yes. Could be kicking it on a beach somewhere. 100%. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. S a shit. Very successful guy. And young and handsome. Yeah. He could do whatever he wants. He be doing Anything. Yeah, exactly. Instead, he's decided to go all in. Yeah. And then you, of course you have Tulsi Gabbard and You know, you have JD Vance who I think is brilliant. You have all these brilliant people that are together. Yeah. Which is very hopeful. Yeah, that's right.


This is what we didn't see out of the Biden Harris campaign. Right. You know, what we saw from Harris and Waltz, you have waltz. This guy who's, it seems like he's a compulsive liar, at the very least. He's lied multiple times about fairly insignificant things. Yeah. You know, like whether or not he was a head coach or an assistant coach, and the lies have always elevated him socially. Yeah. Right. All the, the lies about his military service, or at least implying that he served in a different perspec in a different aspect. And then there was Tiananmen Square. This, everything enhances his virtue. This is not what anybody wants. You want the opposite, You know, you want a guy like JD Vance who served in the Marines and, You know, went to Yale, comes from a single mother with addiction problems, rose from hard work and dedication to become who he is now.


Like that's the kind of guy that I like. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we all would like, like okay. That looks like a leader to me. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the Romans have this con the concept they took very seriously. They called virtue. Right. And like, did you, did you, there's a whole way of ranking by the way, the Roman virtues. And if you read them today, you just like wanna burst out crying. 'cause you're just like, oh my God, I can't believe what we're missing. But like, yes. People with virtue, people with virtue, it's not just that they think that they're good people or that they tell everybody they're good people. They actually act on it and actually step up. Well, this is what's missing from today's secular society. Right. Like we, we don't have like a doctrine that en encourages that sort of thinking and behavior and rewards publicly. Right. Which religion does. Yeah. You know, true Christianity, You know, not subverted fucking giant arena Christianity where the guy's flying private jets and has Rolls Royces and shit.


Right. But actual like real Christian people. Right. Well, and the Roman, the Romans had gods, I mean, their, their virtues had gods. Yeah. And so, and so they, Like, It was actually wrapped. It was, to your point, it was like encoded into their religion. It was wrapped up in their religion. They knew exactly what was expected of them. Yes. They knew exactly what their ancestors expected of them. They knew exactly what their gods expected of them. I recently read meditations again a couple of months ago. Yep. Well, I listened to it in the sauna. But it's, it's brilliant. And it's, it's amazing that this guy Marcus Aurelius was thinking like this so many years ago. Yeah. And it's so, it's so valid today And it applies so well to modern life. It's so, so strange. Yeah. You know, how brilliant this person was while he was running this incredible empire Yeah.


That he could write about human psychology and the value of forgiveness and, You know, being true to yourself and constantly being truthful everywhere. And everything you do, and all these virtues and all these, the, the stoicism that he, that he espoused, it's, it's so valuable today. It's really remarkable that this person who was a leader, what was it, 2000 years ago? Yeah. That his words still ring true today. Yeah. You, you probably know he didn't write it for public consumption. Right. Yeah. It was just, it's even more amazing His private notebook, Which is why it's so good. Probably. Yeah. Because you probably wrote it for a substack. He'd like, well, people are gonna hate on this. Lemme Yeah. Yeah. Lemme lemme Yeah. You know, let preemptively attack the people in the comments or Right.


Subdue them. But he's like, He's like, he's, he's, he's lecturing himself, like he's telling himself how to act. Right. Like, You know, he's very, this, very deep, deep, these are very deep important. Yeah. My favorite, my favorite part of, of, of meditations is there's a section where it's something like, yeah, you're gonna wake up this morning and everybody's gonna hate you, and everybody's gonna lie to you, and everybody's gonna make dumb decisions, and you're gonna be incredibly frustrated and you're not gonna get any credit for anything, and you have to get up anyway. Mm. Yeah. Like, that's all Yes, yes, yes. That's all true. Right. And you still have to get up and do your job. And of course, he's saying that to himself as the leader of Rome To himself. Exactly. Yeah. And, You know, and what's in there is just like, wow. His life was not, You know, he's just like, again, it's, it's actually, You know, like the CEO some, it's just like, you're gonna get pounded. Like Yeah. If you're in these positions, you're gonna get pounded every day.


Yeah. It's incredible. And if you're operating out of a, out of a, out of a, out of a true sense of virtue, if you're operating out of a true sense of like, if you're exercising your responsibilities, you, you, you get up and do it anyway. It's amazing how much it resonates. Yeah. It really is. Yeah. What's amazing, how much so many ancient writings resonate. Yeah. You know, there's so much valuable information, just like in Sun Sue's the Art of War, or in a Book of Five Rings, You know, there's so many ancient books that you read and you go first, first of all, I love reading them. 'cause I, I try to imagine what, You know, what is this life like in like, if you wanna take like Miyamoto MUI 1400, when did he live Miyamoto Mui?


He was like 1420s or something like that. Like, what's that like, right. Like what, what is your life like? Right. What is, what is the, what is the view of the world when you, you don't really have detailed maps or you don't have any photographs, you don't have any idea what the fuck is going on in Europe unless you go there. Right. Like, what is, what is your version of the world like? Yeah. And then to see someone's words written down and you read them and try to just imagine yourself and their perspective and their mindset. Right. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. And look, I, I think if you're somebody like that or somebody like Marcus Aelius, you just have this incredible sense of responsibility. Yeah. Like you, the, the one thing you do have is a sense of purpose. Like, You know exactly why you're here.


You know exactly what your role is. You know exactly how you're supposed to behave. You know exactly how you're supposed to basically gain glory, how you're supposed to honor your ancestors. Like, it's, it's just all, You know exactly where you are in the community. Right, right, right. You know? Right. You, you have this like, incredible sense of groundedness and rootedness. And of course there's huge downsides to that, which is it really cuts off your ability to, You know, run off and, You know, You know, go American idol. Right. Like there's, there's like a lot of things you can't do. Right. But like Yeah. You know, You know what you're supposed to do. Right. And you either, you either do it or you don't do it. Yeah. And, and these days to, to have people like that, we need people who choose to be that way. Right. Which is a, which is a, You know, which is arguably harder. Right. Given, given all the choices that they actually choose to, to live that way. Well, Not only that, giving all the distractions that people face every day that keeps them from sitting down and writing a journal like that.


Yeah, that's Right. Yeah. You know, I mean, back then there's not a lot of different things to entertain you with. Correct. Yes. You had to be maybe a little bit more serious 'cause you couldn't, you couldn't have as much fun. My, my favorite, my other, my other favorite Mark meditations. Marcus really thing is, is something like be the rocks on the shore at, at which the, at which the waves beat, right? Like, yes. Like, yes. Your job is to stand there, like the rocks do. And just the surf just like keeps coming and keeps coming and keeps coming. And your job is to just like, stand there and take it. Imagine what it was like, like addressing the people back then too, just yelling out into these groups or speaking in front of all the leaders, like Yep. And all everyone's ploting to kill you. There is also a lot of that going on.


Yes. Yeah. Everyone's Exactly. You, you Boys. I mean, how many times they try to kill Hitler. Yes. Like everybody's trying to kill you. Yes. If you're, if you're running things Yep. All your generals are probably secretly wanting to become the king. Yep, Yep. Exactly. Yeah. All these s surfers are waiting in the wings. Not easy lives, You know, today, today most of the killings happen, metaphorically, Most, Although every now and then. Yeah. Somebody takes a shot in the alternative timeline. Yes. Yes. Exactly. That's right. That's right. Yeah. How fearful were you leading up to the election that it wouldn't go into the new timeline? It was so weird because all the experts said it was 50 50 razor, You know, razor sharp, You know, it's this tiny little, You know, thing. 80,000 votes in eight counties. Yeah.


And, You know, and then number one, then it wasn't, which means we can take all those experts and just dismiss them forever going forward. 'cause they clearly, clearly have, clearly have, clearly have no clue. So it's another set of people we don't have to listen to. But I had this really interesting conversation that kept nagging at me with a, a senior democrat who's on his way out of, of, of, of, of politics. And he, he said, in the summer, I said, how, how certain is, or what's your view? And, and, and this person said, Trump's gonna win with a hundred percent certainty. Really? It is a Democrat and from a sort of purple state. Right. So, You know, not New York or California, but like a state with, You know, sort of maybe Arizona Broader cross section of people. And this person basically said, yeah, look, said, look, all you have to do is fly anywhere in the country into any purple place and go into a second or third tier, You know, side city and take an Uber for 30 minutes, You know, land at the airport, take an Uber drive around for 30 minutes, come back and just ask the driver like, how's it going?


And who are they voting for? And basically, a hundred percent of the time, the answer is gonna be Trump. Wow. 'cause people are just, were people were just like, completely fed up. They were just completely fed up. And then there was the, You know, Kamala enthusiasm, which th this person said, You know, the common enthusiasm is like highly focused in New York and California, which don't matter from an electoral standpoint. Right. So they're not gonna decide anything, But matters huge when it comes to media. Oh, sure. Of course. But that's, that's the thing, this, the self-reinforcing nature of the bubble, and this is what's actually so interesting with these media bubbles, is like the, the people in these media bubbles are not breaking out Like It, like they're getting deeper into this sort of collective psychosis that they indulge in. And part of it was getting excited about a candidate for which there was very little popular support for once you got outside of these, You know, heavily blue states.


Yeah. And So it, And it is in a lot of ways, it's the most, You know, obvious explanation in the world, which is just people just fundamentally did not like the direction the country was going in, and they were just fed up with it. There's also this very bizarre arrogance of people that were certain that Kamala Harris was gonna win. Like, I'm, I'm sure you've seen the viral video of this lady who's a political analyst who talks about going to the liquor store and buying a bottle of champagne. Oh, right. I saw that. Yeah. Right, Right. Yeah. I don't wanna choke the poor lady getting ready to, she's probably living in hell right now. But on On blue sky? On blue Sky, sky. She's probably on blue sky. On blue sky. She might be on, well, she was on XI think she deleted her profile. Yes. But I, the poor lady, I mean, she, but she was being very arrogant and she laughed and mocked this man and said, you do realize you wasted your vote.


Right? That's right. That's right. That's Right. That's right. That's right. And she laughed, which makes her hard to feel sorry for That's right. It's like you were, you were ready to mock this man. Yes. But in her eyes, it was all about reproductive freedom. Yeah. And she thought that it wasn under attack under the Trump administration and that women are gonna stand up and they're gonna stop that because in her echo chamber it wasn the case. Yeah. Everybody was universally, they all agreed, we're universally on board with this idea that Trump is evil, we gotta get rid of 'em and women are gonna vote, and this is gonna be fun, but like, who are you hanging out with, lady? Yeah. You know, and you could hang out with a bunch of people that think baseball's awesome. Yeah. And then, You know, you run into someone from another country like, what the fuck is baseball? Like, you gotta realize there's a lot of people out there. Yeah.


And people really don't like being talked down to, they Really don't, and they don't like you mocking the fact that, first of all, nobody wasted their vote. Right. Like, that's not how it goes. Right. Like, you don't waste your vote if you vote different and the other side wins. It's not how the other side won. That's just all it is. Right. Like wasting the vote is a crazy way to look at it. Yeah. Like, 'cause I think also people look at things like tribal games, You know, like, You know, in Texas is a huge football state and people love football and it's always, we this we that when ut plays South Carolina, we this, we that. It's like people love to be a part of a team that's winning and they apply that, especially if they're not into sports, to other things.


I think it's just a war mentality. It's a tribal war mentality that's been sort of subverted in the human mind and applied to other things. Right. It could be like Microsoft versus Apple. Right. You know, it could be Android versus Apple, You know, iOS, it's weird how people get so tribal and then connect their own personal identity to other people agreeing with these ideas that they, that they believe. Yeah. Yeah. I, I dunno for 2, 2, 2 thoughts. One is the Democrats for a long time were the big tent party. So the Democrats were the coalition of people who had very different points of view on things. And of course, You know, famously it's all the different identity groups and it's all the different, You know, economic and unions and all these things. And republicans were like the party of like rigidity.


Right. And just for whatever set of, a lot of the woke stuff had a lot to do with it. Is it flipped? Which is where at least today, Trump's Republican party is the big tent party. Yeah. You know, to your point on having all these new people and many of whom are former Democrats, a lot of them and the Democrats have decided to try to isolate out anybody, right. Who disagrees on any, any issue and demand Right. Lockstep conformity through the, the cancellation process. And so that, that's a very interesting inversion that happened kind of without anybody saying anything about it. But it, it did happen. And then I think the other, the other inversion was the economic inversion, which is, remember the criticism of the Republican party for a long time was it was the party of trickle down economics. Yes. Remember the idea was the rich people are gonna get all the money, Reagan administration, taxes, Reagan administration. And then basically if poor people get any money, it's gonna, because the rich people like trickle trickles them down.


Right. I think that inverted to where the Democrats, especially in the last four years, became the trickle down party, which was, we're gonna tax and we're gonna collect all the money and give it to the government and then we're gonna let the government hand it out. Right. But they did it under the guise of tax the rich. They did it, but They, but they did it with this Robinhood mentality. At least they expressed that Publicly. Of course that's how it starts. But then you end up with $35 trillion federal debt debt. You, you end up with this giant annual deficit and then you end up with all this money being handed out. Right, right. Handed out and all these grants and all these, the things like just this, this like shower of money coming from the government. But of course, if the government's giving you money, it also means the government can take money away. Right. Like Right. If you're making somebody dependent on you because you're giving them money, then you're in, you have tremendous position of power. 'cause you can make their life horrible by, by pulling the money away.


Right. You know, you could also control their ideology that way. A hundred percent. Yeah. You, you own them. Like, It, it's, it's actually a form, You know, it's, it's, it's, it's on the, it's on the spectrum to a form of like domination. Right. You know, that should make us very uncomfortable. And so the, and and, And it, You know, maybe that would be fine if the debt, if the debt and the deficit didn't outta control and inflation didn't get outta control. But it did. And then at that point it's like, okay, the, like this, this new kind of sort of tax and spend driven trickle down economics is clearly not sustainable. It's not going to work. So the way the Trump administration is gonna approach the economy, they want less regulation, they want tariffs and less regulation, and they want more, more reliance on US energy. Right? Right. They wanna drill more, more natural gas, more fracking, more drilling for oil, and then allow companies to, to work without regulations inhibiting their performance.


This will boost the economy. You'll have more productivity, have more American manufacturing, you have more things happening. Yeah. So the, the two headline things you hear from them when, whenever they talk about this two headline things are number one growth. You just need faster growth. But by the way, it's the only way to resolve the long-term fiscal situation. It's the only way to resolve the debt. There's only two ways to do it. You can inflate your way out of it And it end up in 1930s, Germany with hyperinflation like that, that's one track you can get on, which is a very bad track. And you don't want to go there. Or you can grow faster because if you grow faster, then you, your, your economy can catch up to the debt and you can, you can pay down the debt as as you grow. And so they, they wanna go for a higher rate of growth. And then the other thing is they want America to win. And this is, You know, my, my partner Ben and I were able to spend time with Trump this summer, and it wasn like his, like adamant think he kept coming back, which is like, look, America has to win and Amer and, and specifically what that means is America has to win in business and in technology and in industry generally globally.


Like our company should be the ones that win these, You know, broad, we should win global markets. Like our, our company should be, should be the global Standards. How can anybody be against that? I happen to think that makes a lot of sense. Yes, I know. I mean, obviously you're a wealthy man and I am as well, but it's like, how could you not want that? Yes. By the way, if you are in favor of a, a high level of social support, if you want there to be lots of welfare programs and food assistance programs, all these things. I, I, I would argue you also want that because it's the growth that will pay for all the social programs. Right? Like, that's how you square the circle. That's how you actually have your cake and eat it too. Which is like first you, you, you, your economy just generates a fountain of money through, through growth and economic economic success. And then you, you can pay for, then you can pay for whatever programs you want.


I actually don't personally, like I I I'm totally fine. Like set up all the programs you want, all the social spending you want, all the safety nets you want. And if as long as it's easy to pay for 'cause you're growing so fast, then everybody wins. Yeah. I mean, I've always said if I knew that I paid more taxes, people in the world in this country would live better. I would do it Right. Of course. I just don't believe that they're good at spending it. That's the thing, right? Yeah. It's, it's like if, if you're putting in this, if you've generated 35 trillion of debt and these are the results. Yeah. No. Like this, this is not the deal. And, and this is my, my, my friend that I talked about earlier that it wasn, the point he made is just like, look, the deal has been broken. Like this is, this is not the deal anybody signed up for. This is not how it's supposed to work. Everybody knows it. And when you were talking about giving people social programs and giving them benefits, and then you could take that away at any moment.


Yeah. This was one of the big fears that people had about letting illegal immigrants into the country and moving them to swing states, which clearly happened. And also giving them a bunch of benefits, which clearly happened. Money, food stamps, housing, all that happened. Stuff that wasn't available to veterans, stuff that wasn't available to homeless people, wasn't available to the very poor of this country. All of a sudden people came here illegally got those things. Right. That's right. And the thought was, if you gave these people these things and you gave them a way better life. Look, if I was living in a third world country with a family, and I knew that I could come to America and I could get a job, an actual job and make money, and my family's gonna definitely eat right.


I'll vote for whoever the fuck you want me to vote for. I don't care. Right. My life is infinitely better than it was in this totalitarian shit hole that I was in until I walked here. I'll do whatever you want. Right. Like, I just want my family to survive and I think everything's gonna, it's so much better than where I was. Right. If I'm in some war torn part of the world, it's so much better here. Right. I don't care if the Democrats win or the Republicans I'm in America. Right. And if the Republicans didn't give me any money Right. And they want to get me out. Right. They wanna deport me. Right. But this nice lady, she gave me an EBT card. Right. And I'm staying at the Roosevelt Hotel in New York City. Right. And I can get a flight somewhere else if I wanna go there.


Right. Oh, this is wonderful. Right. So that's how it starts. And there is a lot of that going on. But I, I will say, what's one of the things that's interesting is it doesn't necessarily stick that way. And the, the, the sort of evidence for that is the rapid, the sort of dramatic ramp up in the Hispanic vote for Trump. Well, Hispanic people generally are very hard workers. So, so this gets, this gets to the thing. So I, I'll just tell a quick story on this. So after the, the, the, the night after the 2016 election, like literally everybody I knew was just like completely traumatized. Like, we were all just like completely freaked out. Everybody was shocked. You were freaked out Too. Yeah. I was completely freaked out. Yeah. Everybody was freaked out. Like, I didn't expect him to win the nomination. I didn't expect him to win the, the, the, the race. Like, and then, You know, and the media's on like full historical blast and it's the end of the world. And he's, You know, he's a Russian spy.


All this crazy stuff that we now know not to be true, it's just Like, it's just like full on. So a group of us, a group of us went out to dinner at a restaurant in Palo Alto and, You know, to, and the atmosphere was like a funeral. I mean, like, everybody in the restaurant was just like despondent like ready to ready to slit their wrists. And so we're, we're sitting there eating and like the food doesn't taste good, You know, it's just like, can't taste the food. You can't taste the drinks. Like everybody's just depressed. Wow. And, You know, it gets this thing of like, You know, my, You know, my God, I can't believe that, You know, Trump, You know this, that, You know, so you, You know, ra You know, ra racist an, You know, anti-Hispanic and all this stuff. And it was, it was, it was one of those moments where the, the the young waiter who's, You know, Hispanic young man in, in his twenties, one of those rare moments where he broke into the conversation at the table. Right. But, but it was in context. It was like, oh, thank God. 'cause like, we're just, we're just depressing ourselves to death.


So like, thank God he's gonna say something. And he said, You know, I think you guys are looking at it all wrong. He's like, my father thinks Trump is fantastic. My father came here as an immigrant, whatever 30 years ago, built a life here, became a citizen, bought into the system, pays taxes, like raised a family, Mowing his lawn with a MAGA hat on. He thinks this guy, he thinks this guy is great. He thinks this guy is fantastic. And he voted for him. Wow. And he just has, and, and, and, and, and then, You know, you've, you've heard this before, but then it's like, and, and the, the thing that this guy said, the thing my father thinks is, is terrible, is if other people are able to come here, they're able to cut in line. They, You know, they didn't have to go through the process. They didn't have to prove anything. They're not bought into the system. Right. Right. They're, they're, they're able to jump in and then they, they, You know, they don't, You know, and then they're not buying into the system and, You know, part of it, maybe they're not being accepted, but also part of it is they're, they're not buying in, they're not, they're, You know, they're not, they're not assimilating, they're not becoming part of the, You know, of what makes America, America.


Right. And, You know, in some cases, and by the way, in some cases, You know, the cri criminals are coming across and tariffs are coming across and gangs. Yes. And and it's like, my father's not in favor of any of that. Right. Right. My father wants to be part of a, of a great society, of a great America. Not some dysfunctional, You know. Right. Basically just disaster zone. And I, I remember the, the group of us, it was my, my first glimmer of like, okay, I, I need to like completely rethink my whole sense of like how the world works Because it, that one conversation. Yeah, yeah. Well, it was, it was weird. 'cause it was like, so, so what happened with me is like, I grew, So I grew up in rural Wisconsin, which is now like completely Trump country. And so from like zero to 18, like I completely understood the mentality, and I was always like explaining to my friends of like, no, no, like, this is, You know, this, this is like a different place and people think differently. And then somehow between the ages of like 18 and 40 or whatever, I just like forgot.


And I, I became a Californian. Right. I became, I became a fully assimilated Californian. And I was just like, well, of course the Californians are much more sophisticated and in advance than right. Than people. This, You know, where I came from. And so of course, right. Of course, of course. Everybody in California has it figured out. And of course, California is gonna lead, lead the country. And of course, in all this thinking, right? And, and, and Trump was, for me, Trump was the, Trump's 2016 was the wake up call of like, no, no, no, no, no. Like, that's just like completely, that, that is such an impoverished worldview of how this country works and of how people think that it, it doesn't explain what, Because you have to explain what happened. And then you have to, like, if you have what some sense of being able to predict what's next, which is what I'm supposed to be doing for a living. And, You know, it's what investing is supposed to be. It's like, okay, I, I gotta rebuild my entire model of the world for like, how, how, how, how this all works and how, how this whole system, how this country works.


But it was that conversation that, that kickstarted it for me. So what was the process of altering your perspective, or at least opening it up? Yeah, so for me it was, it primarily it was reading. And So I, I started actually reading my way back in history and I, I actually went all the way back. I tried to read of like where, where the origins of like left-wing thought came from, and then communism and how did that evolve? Mm. And, You know, liberal democracy and then also right wing thought and like, You know, everybody's calling everybody fascist now. So like, what was fascism, right? Is that what this is? Right. How, how did, how did the Germans do with it? You know? So all, all of those questions and then, You know, kind of converging on in the last 80 years. Like, how is that, You know, either stabilized or not stabilized. And So I did that. But the other thing is I just started talking to a lot more people.


And I, I just stopped assuming that because I read it in the New York Times, that it was true. And, You know, and, and by the way, and then of course what unfolded in the years, You know, kind of sense was, You know, the, the whole, I followed the whole Russiagate thing like super closely. Like, I read everything and I read all the reports, and I What did you think initially? Did you think it was true? Because it's like this overwhelming consensus from the entire expert class that, of course, he's a Russian spy. Right? I sat on stage, I went to Hillary's first post-election loss speech, which he gave at Stanford, the very first one. And I sat, we, we know that people organizing it. So we sat literally like 15 feet from, from, from Hillary in her, in her first appearance. And it's, You know, the whole thing is fraught with just like, incredible tension 'cause and Right. And the Russiagate stuff is in full, full blown, full blown display. And I, and I go there and I'm, I'm like, all right, this is gonna mean to me. And, You know, and the audience is Stanford audience.


And so it's all a hundred percent Hillary Clinton supporters. Right. And I, and I'm sitting there and I'm, I'm, I'm on my best behavior 'cause I'm with my wife and I have to like, not, You know, I have to not act out. And, and Hillary gets up there and she says, Trump is only president today because Vladimir Putin hacked Facebook and, and made him the president. Right. And I'm sitting in the audience and I'm like, on the Facebook board. And I'm like, that's not like, that's not true. And I know for an absolute fact that that's not true. Right? And so that got me thinking. And then the Russiagate stuff un spooled. And I was like, You know, the whole, the, the, the, the steel dossier and like all this stuff comes out. What Was the accusations about Facebook? How did she think that Russia hacked Facebook and made Trump the president? Yeah. So it's this whole thing with, it's this, remember this whole thing Cambridge Analytica.


And So it, it's this whole thing that there was this basically, there was this data, there was this theory, which by the way is like completely fake. This is like a completely fake thing. Like this didn't, so there was this da there was this, there was this data set on user behavior that in theory there's an academic, there's a theory that you could sort of impute human behavior from this data set. And then you could use it to predict what people would do and how they would react to different kinds of messages. And it was like this like magical breakthrough and basically thought control. And then there was this company called Cambridge Analytica in the UK that figured out a way to do this. And then it was this like new kind of literally like mind control, like, You know, by far, like the most powerful meme weapon of all time for getting people to vote the way that, the way that you want. And it was this data breach of face. The whole thing was weird because Facebook had been criticized for a decade leading up to 2016 that it kept all the data closed, right?


So the criticism was, Facebook never lets any of the data, it doesn't share the data, right? And the criticism for years was Facebook is the roach Mattel of data. And the virtuous thing for it to do is to actually free the data and, and, and let everybody else have access to the data. And then in 2016, like flipped 180 degrees And it was, Facebook is the most evil company of all time Because it, it let Cambridge Analytica get access to this data. And then Russia ran basically a psychological operation in the American citizens use this data. Why didn't Facebook push back? They did early. It's just this, they, they, they did early on. They do today in their way. But You know, they're trying to run a business. They're trying to get to the next quarter, right? They're trying to get the employee base and everybody copacetic. They're trying not to get just completely destroyed by the politicians. They're getting right. Slammed every single day on every conceivable issue you can imagine.


And it, it's actually very interesting when you're in, when you're in these companies like these, these big issues are big issues. But you're also literally trying to like, make the quarter, right? You're, you're right. You're trying to ship your products, you're trying to close your sales, you're trying to keep your employees from quitting, right? You, you, you have these act you have responsibilities, right? You have practical concern, responsibilities. And so sometimes these companies get kind of wedged 'cause they can't do the things that they would do if they were just in damage control mode. Mm. And then they Right. And then they, You know, then they, and maybe the, the message doesn't get out. But, So what was the bigger shift? The waiter or the Hillary speech? Oh, it was the waiter. I mean by it wasn, the waiter was the much bigger shift. 'cause it was listening to a normal, it was listening to a person with their feet on the ground actually explaining the way the world worked. Oh. Whereas with Hillary, it was, it was cope. Right. It was, it was delusion.


She then, it was, it was amazing by the way. She then spent the next hour and a half. When, when I, when I, when I'm in a place where I don't know if I'm gonna control myself, I bring a little notepad along. 'cause I can work out my demons. Like on draw dicks Nos. Exactly. So that I don't, so that I don't say anything. Right. Like super bad. So I brought my little notepad along exactly my little pen, little fi space pen. Right. And I, I pull it out, right. And I started making a list of all of the people and organizations that she blamed for her defeat that were not named Hillary Clinton. Oh. And I got to 20, oh, my favorite was Netflix, by the way. Netflix. She blamed Netflix. What Did Netflix Do? Netflix aired Anti Clinton documentaries. Oh, this you mean facts. Well, this is particularly funny 'cause the CEO o of Netflix is a famous Democrats of super Democrat, Ted.


Ted, well not actually dead, but also re specifically Reed. Reed. Reed Hastings and his wife are, are very enthusiastic left wingers. But I mean, it was just this litany of, You know, basically excuses and complaints. Right. With no sense of like responsibility, personal responsibility at all. You know, just like pure grievance. Wow. And So it, it was the negative, it was negative lesson of like, okay. Like whatever that is, is not the path. Like Did she blame Comey? Oh yeah. Of Oh absolutely. Yeah. Oh yeah. She absolutely hated that guy. Yeah, no question. It wasn a wild one. A hundred percent. Yeah. Exactly. And by the way, like it wasn super weird. Yeah. You know, I don't think she was completely wrong on that. I don't understand that one. Honestly, if they didn't want Trump to win, I don't get that one. Well she's, she, we know she's guilty, but we're not gonna charge her.


Right. Is a weird, It's crazy. Is a weird message to send. It's almost as weird as the Biden one. Yeah. Where we don't think he's confident to stand trial for the documents that he had that were classified. Exactly. But he can what have his finger on the button. What the fuck are you talking about? Exactly. We know this is, we know he is guilty, but we never convict him. 'cause the jury would say that he's a cile old man. Which is crazy because he is still running for president at the time. He's running for reelection. Well then remember everybody at the time said the media said that the, the prosecutor was lying. Right. Because we at that point, of course, he sharp As attack. Sharp as attack. Because, because My favorite is Joe Scarborough. Yes. This is the best Biden, intellectually the best one I've ever seen. Like, dude. Yes. And then meanwhile he had to go to Mar-a-Lago and kiss the ring.


Yes. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. My favorite was the, you remember the, about, about earlier this year was the invention of the term cheap fake, Cheap fake. Yes. Cheap fake. Because everybody's worried about ai. Deep fake, which really didn't then there was really nothing, nothing happened with that. And so the, the cheap fake we learned is a video that just simply shows you something. Mm. Right, right. That, that it's claimed to be outta context, but it actually turns out that it's actually just telling you the truth. She didn't Nancy Pelosi start using that one cheap fake. Yeah, Exactly. Well, because the theory was it was gonna be clips outta context. Yeah. But it turned out there were clips in context. Have you seen, there's a gentleman who made a video Here. I'll send it to you Jamie. 'cause I sent Duncan. It's pretty fucking crazy of what AI is capable of.


Now by, come on, on my phone, updated you son of a bitch. Come on. Don't make me go to a fucking Android. 'cause I will. This guy did this insane video where it's all completely AI and everything he did, including his voice. It's here. I'll send it to you, Jamie. It's 100% AI generated. And it's so hard to believe because it's so good. And it really puts you in this, when you're talking about cheap fake. I just sent it to you, Jamie. Cheap fakes and deep fakes.


Let's put the headphones on to watch this. 'cause it's so crazy. We're at that moment where you cannot tell. Right. And let's look at this one. 'cause it's, it's pretty extraordinary. This is the best version that I've seen so far. This is completely ai 11 Labs to Speak like me, that's one of our companies. So I can Input any text And it will sound like me. Then I trained Hagen with a video of mine. I input the audio file to generate a video based on my text. The video you are watching right now is the result. 100% generated in ai. What do you think of that, guys? I know this might sound insane, but This crazy.


How crazy is that? Oh, it wasn. That's your company. That's Him. Oh, that's him. Yeah. Yeah. That is, that's the AI generator. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. So that's two companies. One of one of them, the voice is ours. And then that's another great company called Hey Gen that did the, did the visuals. But yeah, no, that's right. That's nuts. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, this is part of the first internet. I say first internet election, probably the first internet election will be the one that has this kind of thing actually in it where people get tricked. Why didn't they do that with Kamala Harris? Well, Because it turns out They, they would've done an amazing job. Okay. They could have like, really knocked it outta the park with a solid speech. They didn't Yeah. Just have her say it on the internet. Yes. Just have a bunch of viral videos of her speaking so eloquently and perfectly One would think Exactly. That's the fear of the future, right? Yeah. Yeah. And so like, I think that's, that's gonna be the kind, that's gonna be the kind of thing that's gonna happen in terms of like the dirty trick side.


I I think that, You know, that will be a part of it, right? There's, there's always some way to try to try to game these things. Just have the most brilliant writers formulate, You know, get AI to do it. Like you're saying, like AI has all these solutions to things Yeah, yeah. That are super logical. Yeah. And well, there's no like, weird thinking in it. Yeah. It's like, You know, cut all the fat out. So I think we have a theory on how to fix this, and the theory basically is we're gonna have to switch our sense of what's real from basically just trying to eyeball it and figure out whether it's real, to only taking seriously the things that we know are real. And the way that we would know things are real is we'll have them register registered on a blockchain. Right. And So, I I, I think the way this is gonna work in the future is every politician will have a, an account on a, on a, on a blockchain service. Like a, a crypto, a crypto service. And then every politician, whenever they say anything in public, whenever they're, You know, they're gonna have people around 'em with cameras all the time, whenever they put out a statement, they're gonna cryptographically sign it on the blockchain so that it can be validated that it is actually content from them.


And then I think we're just gonna have to reach an understanding that we're just gonna have to write off everything else that we see. Wow. Which frankly is a good idea anyway, because there just is a lot of noise, You know, in the environment. There's also, how Would you integrate that with social media though? Yeah, because one of the, one of the issues is these low information voters that are getting information either from clickbait headlines on these websites Yeah. Where they, they don't even read the actual paragraph with might, which might be completely different than the headline itself. The headline is just inflammatory and then viral videos. Right. Like, how would you, How so, so the thing is, so that, so that's already happening even pre ai, right? And So I would say that's, that's a preexisting problem. And so like, we can't, we, You know, we can't, and by the way, that's been happening for a long time.


Like newspapers have been scandal sheets forever. If you go back, hundreds of, if you go back hundreds of years to the first newspapers, they were running all kinds of CROs. The first newspaper was a scandal sheet of the Vatican, like in really, I think year 1500. And it was all these like, terrible rumors about like the Pope and the Bishops and all these, the cardinals and all this Stuff. It wasn the first Newspaper, it wasn, the very first newspaper was in the Vatican. And then the American, all the American colonial newspapers were like that in the, really, in the revolutionary era. It was all crazy rumors and innuendo and people accusing each other of, there was a famous election in 1800, which was Jefferson versus Adams that we think of as these like super upstanding, You know, upright people. And they're just like smearing the crap out of each other in their respective newspapers. Right. Because they would actually own newspapers in those days, and then they Would just like, oh God, Attack each other More things change.


Ben Franklin, Ben Franklin, Ben Franklin, You know, printed newspapers before he became a a became went a government and he created 15 different sock puppets. He, he created 15 different pseudonyms. He was, he was a psed, an anon. And then he would basically have them argue with each other in his newspaper without telling people that it was all him. Oh, Ben. So he had all these different personalities. And so like, we've been in a world of like information warfare for a very long time. We've been in a world of sensationalist, You know, nightly news. If it, if it, if it was, if it bleeds, it leads Yes. You know, sensationalist stuff for a long time we've been in the world of like yeah. Prop propaganda for a long time. So, so that, You know that, that you're not gonna fi, you're never gonna make that go away. But isn't it funny that we don't think of the past like that.


Oh Yeah. We just assume think of them Being virtuous and We assume they had it all figured out. Yeah. Yeah. And that, that very much is not true. There. There's all kinds of crazy, crazy banana stuff. My favorite is in the Vietnam War, what was the, it was the, the Gulf at Ton Ken that sort of kicked off the sort of big escalation field. Like we now know for a fact it didn't happen. Right. But the whole thing just didn't happen. And now there's this big debate about like, did they know it didn't happen? Or did You know? Did they fake, fake it? But like, so there's always been stuff like that in history so that we can't fix. And, and AI will be a new way to do that kind of thing. But what we can do is we can re reorient people to say, okay, now you're gonna have to like, take seriously, this stuff is real. And if you want to actually know what's happening, this stuff is real, and we can prove that it's real. And if it's not, it's entertainment and you can choose to believe it or not. Right. But, but, but, but you, you should not rely on it.


And look, it's not gonna be perfect and it's gonna take time, But there is, there is a way to address this. Okay. So that would be the solution to deep fakes the blockchain. Yeah. You flip it. You flip it. Yeah. That actually, If you focus on the real stuff, That's logical. Yeah. That actually does make sense. That, that actually kind of gives me hope. I do generally have hope even though I, I look at the pessimistic side of things. I'm generally optimistic. 'cause my real feeling about human beings is most people are good. I genuinely believe there's far more good people in the world than bad people. There's far more people that just wanna live a good life and have a good time and enjoy themselves than there are people who are tyrants. Yeah. I'm super optimistic. I, I'm incredibly optimistic and I, I was optimistic already with flashes of pessimism, but like, I'm really optimistic and especially now, So I, I think this is gonna be, we have the real, we have the real potential here for Golden Age.


We Really do. We really do. Yeah. The capabilities that we have and the people that we, I mean, look, in my day job, I meet these young, You know, I meet these 22 year olds every day that are just like the smartest people in the world. It's the smartest people I've ever met. I think they're getting better, by the way, as time passes, they're, by the time they're 22, they just know a lot more. Mm. They have so much more access to information than we did. Yeah. There's so much better trained, capable, and ready to go. Yeah. And fired up. And they know each other, able to connect online, and they're, they're already in communities and they know how to help each other. And so, like, yeah. The, the, and the, the, the productive and inventive creative, You know, aspect particularly of this country is just like, there's never been anything Like it in the world. I Think there's also the real potential for a shift in perspective, a positive patriotic shift in perspective that can happen in this country.


And if you think about what happened with the woke ideology, how it swept so quickly over the country and changed so many aspects of the way we deal with things socially, it hap so radically and so quickly and such a large change that people are susceptible to change. It's possible to, to enact change and a positive change in a good direction where people are optimistic about the future, which you are. And I am, I mean, I think that's probably contagious. Yeah, that's Right. Exactly. I really do think that it's An, it's an upward spiral. Right. It was Evan Fer who said that thing about psychology the other day. It was, one of It is a friend of mine who's a, a former Special forces guy.


He said that psychology is more contagious than the flu. Right, Right. Exactly. Yes, yes. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's right. So one of the interesting things that's gonna happen right now, You know, we talked a lot about Trump's victory and Republicans, but there's now a civil war that's kicked off inside the Democratic party, which is very interesting. 'cause really, they, because they lost so badly. Right. So they, they, the fact that they lost the White House and they lost the popular vote and they lost the Congress and they lost the Senate, and they lost the Supreme Court. Right. Like this time, it's undeniable that like the, the the current path that they've been on is not working. Like It tos your, like being an exclusionary party and kicking people out for wrong thing Like It, it's not, they're not gonna win elections. They're not just kicking people out, they're barring people from making it to the primaries. Yes, exactly.


Which is very undemocratic. That's right. That's right. Yeah. Exactly. Well, starting with Bernie in, in 2016 and then Right. Continuing, so, and Donna Rice's book, she documented that. Right, right. Yeah. And so, so like the, the, the, I would say the smart Democrats know that this is not a, it is not a viable path. You, you can't have a political party that doesn't win. It doesn't make, it's not, it's not useful. And so you, there, there's gonna have, there's a civil war that's underway inside that party that's kicking off right now. Or they're gonna have to recalibrate, decide what they want their future to be. And it's gonna be a big decision. And the same thing happened, by the way, when Reagan beat Carter really badly in, in 80 and then, and then, and then had a landslide in 84. It then took Democrats 12 years Right. To get to Bill Clinton and to actually win again. Hmm. And so they had this cautionary tale of they went too far in the sixties and seventies, And it took them 12 years to recover.


And so if you talk to the, like really smart Democrats right now, they're like, look, this can't be 12 years. That's crazy. We have to do this a lot faster, but we have to reorient and we have to get back to common sense. We have to get back to normal. We have to get back to, You know, sensible. We have to get back to moderate. We were actually playing Bill Clinton debating Yeah. During the elections of, what, what year was that, Jamie? I forget which it was when he first ran. Yeah. What, what year did he first run? Oh, I, yeah. Oh, 92 was 9 2 92. Yeah. So it was the 92. And I was like, I'd vote for that guy. Yeah, exactly. In a heartbeat, guy's. Awesome. Also, we played a clip of Harley Clinton, Hillary Clinton, where she sounded more MAGA than anybody who's MAGA today, where she was talking about the penalties that illegal immigrants should face.


That's right. They should pay a stiff fine 'cause they came into this country illegally. And if they're a criminal, they should be jailed or kicked outta the country. Without question. Like, all this was like so maga. Yep. I was like, this is so wild to hear from Hillary in 2008. Yep. That's right. That's right. And, and, and Hillary and Joe Biden and Diane Feinstein and all these people Yes. Wanted to build a wall. They di Diane Feinstein our, our senator in California at the time, very, You know, very left wing. She was down on the border, like to photo ops in front of the wall. It wasn being built like trying to take credit for it. Crazy. Yeah, yeah. Like 18 years ago. Yeah. And so, so yeah. So I, another reason for optimism is I think that they're gonna be able to pull their way back. Like, I, I think they're gonna be able, I, I I think getting, losing this bad is very motivating to be able to pull your way back and become more normal.


And I think again, that would be like, I mean, how great would it be if you had two parties that actually had like sensible normal Yes. Normal nor normal policies. I mean, imagine you'd imagine Clinton was running up against Trump. Yes, exactly. Like he was so good. Right. We played that speech that he gave after sister, sister soldier. It said a bunch of like very anti-white things about white people. And he gave this like super eloquent, but yet compassionate speech about this. Right. Where he is very charitable about her position as being a young person and not having the, the best perspective on things. It was fucking brilliant. Yeah, that's right. It was brilliant. Like that's the guy, like that's the president. No, but modern standards, of course he was the fascist. Yeah. Well that's the weird thing about fascism, right?


'cause fascism by definition is almost always applied to right wing totalitarian governments. Right. But it's really kind of just adherence to the state and enforcing a doctrine and enforcing people to think and behave a very, which is what the left wing does. Yeah. And then you talk about like being pro-war. Well, who's more pro-war right now, Trump or the Biden ad administration clearly Trump Yeah. Is less pro-war. Correct. Clearly Trump wants to end the wars. Yeah. Clearly Biden just allowed Ukraine to use long range missiles into Russia. Like this is, I don't know what's going on in terms of negotiations. I hear all kinds of different things. But if you looked at one side that is pushing for these wars and seems to be all in on it, and the other side, that's not like w the fucking polar shift is so dramatic.


Yeah, that's right. It's really weird. The pr the free speech thing, which was always a te of the left wing party. Yeah. It was like, You know, I mean, it was doctrine. Yeah. Like free speech is necessary. It's, it's, it's the foundation of our ability to discuss and find out what's right and what's wrong. Right. You have to be, I mean Yeah, it's the a DL, you still let fucking Nazis speak. They used to let 'em march. They, they would defend their right to do it. Right. Right. Yeah. 'cause you needed to air out the idea to be able to show why it was wrong. Exactly. Yeah. So, so look, I it was not that long ago when you had Democrats that were very much in favor of many of these extremely sensible positions. Just Super recent. It was pretty recent. Yeah. And So I, but again, reason for opt, like, I don't know if they're gonna, I don't know if they're gonna pull it off.


They might just get, they might go crazier. Like they might just go right off the cliff. Like, it's certainly possible. But Like, It is also possible that they'll, they'll drag it back And it might happen quite quickly. And I'm, I'm hopeful and optimistic I am as well. I think the temperature of society, like the, the mindset of society is so clearly moving away from that madness. Right. That they're gonna have to course correct. Yeah. Which is just logical. There's, there's no way they're gonna keep doing it the same way or double down. It's just not gonna, it's like they're gonna go the way that M-S-N-B-C, they're gonna become ridiculous. Yeah, that's right. So they have to, which is good for everyone. For Everyone. So one of my theories is you can separate the concepts of the United States and America, and you can be very optimistic about America and have all kinds of issues with the United States, but still be positive about America.


And the, the, the difference is the United States is the formal system of the government and the politics and all the stuff we get mad about and America's the people. Right? Right. And so you can be in incred as I am incredibly bullish about the people. And then it's just a question of whether the America part, and that's just a question of whether you can get the United States part kind of lined up to at least not prevent good things from happening. Right. And ideally help good things happen. Well, what are, what are the things that you think about this administration, at least what they're proposing Yeah. That would move us in that direction as opposed to the way things were going. There's a lot of things. I mean, So I think you gotta start with the Doge, the Department of Government efficiency. Yeah. That, You know, Ellan Elon think it's hilarious And it just winds up being Doge Doge, DOG Ege. He's been pushing Dogecoin forever.


The universe speaks. Yeah. It's just so, so many things are just so on the nose that you're like, is the simulation real? Yes. I mean, it has to be real. Yes, Exactly. Exactly. And Elon is programming it in the back room late, late at night in between playing Blo. We certainly got a good position in the game and Tweeting. Exactly. He's the number one Diablo player in the world right now, by the way. Exactly. He just got number one, which means fucking bananas. How does he has the time to do that, which Means he could be the guy steering the sim the sim the simulation. Yeah. Yeah. So look, this goes back to what we were talking about before. Like It just, you, it is time to carve this, this government back in size and scope. It's time to take the overall, You know, you could talk about distribution of taxes, but it's time to take the overall tax load down. It's time to take the spending down. It's time to get the government out of the position of deciding who gets money.


It's time to unleash economic growth. Elon explained that there's more agencies than there have been years of the United States, Correct? Yeah. 450 federal agencies and two new ones a year. And then my favorite twist is we have this thing called independent federal agencies. So like, for example, with this thing called the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau, CFPB, which was the, it's sort of Elizabeth Warren's personal agency that she gets to control. And it's an independent agency that just gets to run and do whatever it wants. Right. And if you read the Constitution, like there is no such thing as an independent agency. And yet there it is. What does her agency do? Whatever she wants. What does it do though? Basically terrorize, terrorize financial institutions prevent FinTech, pre prevent new competition, new startups that wanna compete with the big banks.


Really? Oh yeah, a hundred percent. How so? Just by terrorizing anybody who tries to do anything new in financial services. Can You gimme an example? Well, I Can say de You know, de banking, this is where a lot of the de de banking comes from, is the, is these agencies. So de de banking is when you, you as either a person or your company, are literally kicked outta the banking system Like they did to Kanye. Exactly like they did to Kanye. My, my, my, my partner Ben's father has been de banked. Really? We had an employee who for what we, for having the wrong politics for, for saying unacceptable things under current banking regulations. Under, okay, here's a great, here's a great thing. Under current banking regulations, after all the reforms of the last 20 years, there's now a category called a politically exposed person pep. And if you are a pep you're required by financial regulators to kick them off of your, of, to kick them out of your bank.


What you're Not allowed to have. What if you're politically on the left? Well that's fine. No, because they're really, because they're not politically Exposed. So no one on the left gets Deb banked. No, I have not heard of a single instance of anyone on the left getting Deb Banked. Could you tell me what the person that You know did what, what they said that got them? Deb banked. Oh, well, I mean, David Horowitz is a right wing. You know, he's pro-Trump. I mean, he said all kinds of things. You know, he's been very anti-Islamic terrorism. He's been very worried about immigr migration, all these things. And they de banked him for that. Yeah. De they de banked it. So you get kicked out, you get kicked outta your bank account. You get, you get kicked outta the, you can't do credit card transactions, but by the way, and you can't run. How is that legal? Well, exactly. So this is the thing. And so, and then you go into this thing of like, well, there's no, this is where the government and the companies get intertwined back to your fascism point, which is, there's no, there's a constitutional amendment that says the government can't restrict your speech, but there's no constitutional amendment that says the government can't deban you.


Right. And so they, if they can't do the one thing that they, they do the other thing. And then they don't have to deban you. They just have to put pressure on, on the private company banks to do it. And then the private company banks do it 'cause they're expected to. But the government gets to say, we didn't do it. It was the private company that did it. And of course, JP Morgan can decide who they wanna have as customers, of course. Right. Is their a private company? Right. And so it's this, it's this sleight of hand that happens. It, so it's basically, it's a privatized sanctions regime that lets bureaucrats do to American citizens. The same thing that we do to Iran. Whoa. Just kick you outta the financial system. And so this has been happening to all the crypto entrepreneurs in the last four years. This has been happening to a lot of the FinTech entrepreneurs. Anybody trying to start any kind of new banking service? 'cause they're trying to protect the big banks.


And then this has been happening, by the way, also in legal fields of economic activity that they don't like. And so a lot of this started about 15 years ago with this thing called Operation Choke Point, where they decided to, as marijuana started to become legal, as prostitution started to become legal. And then guns, which there's always a fight about under the Obama administration, they started to Deb Bank legal marijuana businesses, pros, escort businesses, and then, and then, and then gunshots. Just like you're gun manufacturers and just like you're done, you're outta the banking system. And so if you're running a medical marijuana dispensary in 2012, like you guess what you're doing your business all in cash. 'cause you literally can't get a bank account. You can't get a visa terminal, you can't process transactions, you can't do payroll, you can't do direct deposit, you can't get insurance.


Like none of that stuff is, you've been sanctioned. Right. None of that stuff is available. And then this administration extended that concept to apply it to tech founders, crypto founders, and then just generally political opponents. Oh yeah. So that's, that's been like super pernicious. I wasn't aware of that. Oh, a hundred percent. And it is called op. So it was operation choke 0.1 0.0 was 15 years ago against the pot. And the guns choke 0.2 0.0 is primarily against their political enemies and then to their disfavor tech startups. And it's hit the tech world. Like we've hard we've had like 30 founders debunked in the last four years. Real Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's been a, it's been a big recurring pattern. 30. This is one of the reasons why we ended up supporting Trump. It's like, we just can't, we can't live in this world.


We can't live in a world where somebody starts a company that's a completely legal thing. And then they literally like get sanctioned. Right. And embargoed by the United States government through a completely unaccountable No, by the way, no due process. None of this is written down. There's no rules, there's no court, there's no decision process, there's no appeal. Who do you appeal to? Right? Like who do you go to to get your bank account back? Right. God. You know, and, and then, and then, You know, and then there's, there's this, and then there's also the civil asset forfeiture side of it, which is Right. The other side. And that doesn't happen to us, but that happens to people in a lot of places now who get arrested and all of a sudden, You know, the state takes their money Yeah. For, but that happens to people if they get pulled over and they have a large amount of cash in some states.


Right. Or, You know, there'll be, there've been, You know, well publicized examples of like, You know, there was like, You know, there'll be some investigation into like, You know, safe deposit boxes. And the next thing, You know, the, the, the feds have seized all this, all the contents of the state deposit. Right. Safe deposit boxes. And that, that stuff never gets returned. And so it's, it's this, and this is when, You know, this is when Trump says the deep state, You know, I like the way we would describe it is, it's, it's administrative power. It's it's political power being administered not through legislation. Right. So there's no defined law that covers this. It's not through regulation. Right. There's nothing you can, you can't go sue a regulator to fix this. It's not through any kind of court judgment. It's just raw power. It's just raw administrative power. It's the government or politicians just deciding that things are gonna be a certain way and then they just apply pressure until they get it.


So what happens to those 30 tech people that You know, that start To, to go into a different field, like try to do something different and try to Wow. Try to, try to get, You know, Complete upend of your life. Yeah. Complete upending of your life. And try to, try to Yeah. Try to change your life. Try to get out of the, try to get away from the eye of soran. Try to get out of whatever zone got you into this. And keep applying for new bank accounts at different banks. And hope that at some point a bank will say, You know, oh, okay. You know, it's okay. We've checked in. It's now, all right. Whoa. But there's no, So what do they do with their money? Like, what happens? I mean, you go to cash. I mean, You go to cash. Oh, you can't have a Yeah, You, so where do you put it? Don't, under your mat, under your mattress.


Yes, exactly. Yeah, Exactly. That is so insane. Yeah. Yeah. So if someone has $30 million in the bank and they get deb banked diamonds Art, You know, do you, I don't know, go overseas somewhere? Holy shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And just Like, It just ha it just happens. And, and again, it's really, really important. There's no fingerprints. Like there's no Right. There's No person Who, there's no stick above the strings. Yeah, Exactly. Right. It just happened. And, and we can trace it back 'cause we understand Exactly. You know, we, we know, we know the, we know the politicians involved and we know how the agencies work and we know how the pressure's applied. And we know that these banks get phone calls and so forth. And so we, we can loosely like we, we, we understand the flow of power as it happens, but when you're on the receiving end of this, you're specific instance of it.


Like you can't trace it back and there's nothing you Can about it. So these, what are the instances? Like what is the company, what are they trying to do, and how do they run a foul? Well, All the crypto startups in the last basically four years. So the, You know, remember the crypto crypto thing got like really, You know, sort of, everybody got excited and like, NFTs and like all that stuff. And then it just like stopped. Yeah. And the reason it stopped is because basically every crypto founder, every crypto startup, they either got Deb banked personally and forced outta the industry, or their company got Deb banked. And So it couldn't keep operating. Or they got prosecuted charged. Or they got threatened with being charged. This is a fun, this is a fun twist. This is a fun little twist. The, the se, so the SEC sort of has been trying to kill the crypto industry under, under Biden.


And this has been a big issue, issue for us. 'cause we're, we're the biggest crypto crypto startup investor. The SEC can, they can investigate you. They can subpoena you, they can prosecute you, they can do all these things, but they don't have to do any of those things to really damage you. All they have to do is they issue what's called a wells notice. And the wells notice is a notification that you may be charged at some point in the future. Like, whoa, you're, you're like on notice that you might be doing something wrong and they might be coming after you at some point in the future. Oh my God. Okay. So that terrifying. Yes. That's The eye, the eye of Soran is on you. Okay. Yeah. Now, trying to be a company with a Wells notice doing business with anybody else. Oh my God. Right. Try to try to work with a big company, try to get access to a bank, try, try to Do anything. So that's when they support DEI initiatives. And they Yeah.


Well, and then the s the SEC under Biden became a, the SEC under Biden became a direct application of Exactly. So DEI, they started, they did a lot with that. And then esg, all the ESG stuff. And ESG is a very malleable concept. And they piled all kinds of new requirements into that. So through that, through this process, the SEC could basically just simply dictate what companies do with no accountability at all. Like there's no, You know, there's no over, there's no over there are hearings where they get yelled at, but like, nothing's changed. Nothing ever happened in a hearing that ever changed anything. Wow. It was just the raw application of power. Right. And so, yeah. And This is your friends. This has happened too. Oh Yeah, for sure. Yeah. And we had, like I said, we had an employee who got de banked 'cause he had crypto in his job title. He was, he was doing crypto policy for us.


And his bank booted him because he, that's it. Because they did, they did his, they did a screen across, it's what they told us is they did a screen across their, their customer base. And it Just, anyone with crypto Because, because anybody with crypto became a politically exposed person. 'cause Wow. 'cause crypto was, was politically controversial. Right. That's So it, you hear this sometimes as like, You know, there's these terms, compliance, Reputation management. Yeah. Tone at the top. Yeah. They have these lovely sounding terms that make it sound like everybody's gonna be an upstanding citizen. Yeah. But what they're all, what they're all code for is destroy the enemy. Like bring the hammer of God and the bank and the government or whoever or the, or the social media bring it down and just like crush the individual Wow.


With no due process. And, and look, there's an argument in the long run that this is all unconstitutional because the constitution gives us all the right to due process. And this is government pressure and there's no Right. So like there's probably a Supreme Court case in five years that's gonna find retroactively that this was all illegal. But in the moment when you're the guy who's bent, de banked, I mean, number One. Right. And then also the potential that if you do challenge them in court and lose the repercussions to be even heavier. Exactly. Yeah. A Hundred percent. Yeah. And why is it really worth your effort? Yeah, that's right. Is it worth the risk? That's right. Especially if you've already had your life upended. Yeah. You ready to do it again? Yeah, that's right. When you barely built yourself back up. Yeah. So this is, and I think this is important context or like when Elon and Vive talk about like reducing regulation, You know, there there's two ways of thinking about reducing regulation. It's like, oh my God, the water and the air are gonna get dirty and the food's gonna get poison.


Right? Now some of those regulations I think are very important. But the other way to think about it is examples like this, which is just raw government power being applied to ordinary people who are just trying to live their lives, are just trying to do something legitimate and they're just on the wrong side of something. Right. That the people in power have decided, Well, there's something that isn't illegal, but they don't want to be done. Exactly. Like crypto. Like Crypto or having the wrong political points of view. Well, the, the trucker, You know, the other great examples, the trucker strike up in Canada Yeah. Was an even more direct version of this. 'cause here you had truckers physically showing up And it was something like, step one was they take away your driver's license, which by the way right, it's just somebody pressing a button on a keyboard. No more driver's license. Step two is they take away your insurance and step three is they take away your kids.


Right. And so like it wasn their version of this and it wasn a very specific take Away your kids. It wasn the threat at the end to the truckers and the Canada trucker strike because the truck, 'cause the trucker strike in Canada Right. Was gonna jam up these cities. 'cause it was the, the farmers that were, the truckers were very serious. They wanted to, they were doing a nonviolent protest, but they wanted to stall the, the cities to, to be able to exert political pressure back, back on the government. Right. And the government was like, we'll tolerate it for a little while, then we'll take your trucker license, then we'll take your insurance, then we'll take your kids. And, and How do they say they would take their kids? Because it's administrate it's administrative power. Like you can't, you, you, you can't. Right. The theory would be you can't let these aren't good parents if they're sitting in a truck in the middle of Calgary preventing, You know, goods and services from reaching people. Right.


Putting people's lives at risk. Wow. You know, You know, child se, child seizure. Now, I don't know if they actually see seized any kids, but it, it's an just an example of there is an agency in the Canadian government, just like in the US government that if they want to, they can take your kids. Well they were doing de banking there with people who donated to the trucker convo. That's right. Which is even crazier. That's right. Not even people who were there, people who were opposed to the mandates that Trudeau's administration was imposing on people. And so they donated to these truckers and then they got their bank accounts taken away. Yeah. Which is really crazy. Yeah. And so, and and I and I, exactly. And I, I think that, I think that right way to think about this is when we think about totalitarianism, we think about literally World War ii. You know, we think about Nazis and jack boots with like tanks and guns and You know, beating people up and killing people like that.


That's our mental, and that that's, you might call it that hard totalitarianism, right. That's like very clearly like violent totalitarianism. But there's this other version you might call soft totalitarianism, which is just rules and power exercised arbitrarily. Hmm. That just simply suppresses everything. Right. And, and this is speech control and de backing and all these other things that we've been talking about. And, and that that is, You know, the good news is they're not coming up and like beating you up in the middle of the night. The bad news is like you are under their complete control and they can do whatever they want to you that doesn't involve physical violence. Which basically includes the entire aspect of, You know, every aspect of how you actually conduct your life and support your family and get an income and everything else. And Most people aren't even aware of it. Yeah, that's Right. And then, You know, like these are, these are individual one-off things.


Most people don't have a voice. Right. You know, it's very hard to organi, You know, organize around these. And then by the way, if there's an organization that organizes to try to get these stories out, yet then itself can get Right. Deep suppressed and deep bank. Well it happened during the covid lockdowns. Right. So so the lockdown protests all got suppressed. Right. So you, you went, You know, so it's like, so the, the lockdown went from two weeks across the curve to two months. To two years. Right. Right. Which is like, okay, what the hell. Right. And then there were these protests that were, there were these protests that were forming up nonviolent protests that were forming up to protest lockdowns. And I, You know, you could argue the issue different ways, but people have a legitimate Right. To protest for that. Just like they do for anything else. And the next thing You know is all the, the lockdown protests all got censored. Like, just like boop gone. Right. And so at that point, like the, the normal process of being able to read, to try to get redress from your government, right.


For, for, You know, for to to force your rights to literally, for example, see your family all of a sudden. Like you, you can't even organize a protest, do You? I'm, how much are you aware of what happened with the FTX crisis? Because one of the things that happened with the FDX thing was it was revealed that they were, I think they were the number two donor to the Democratic party. Yeah. Do you think that that is sort of a preemptive measure to avoid any of this de banking and, You know, be financially invested in these people so they're not gonna come after you. Yeah. It wasn his ex, it wasn explicitly his strategy. It wasn Sam's. Yeah. Sam Sam's approach is Sam Sam's approach is just pay everybody. So, so Sam's approach was just, I have $8 billion of customer funds that I can use for whatever I want.


Right. Which was the crime. Right. And then a big part of what he used, some of it, he used to like hang out with celebrities and get Tom and Gisel to endorse FTX and the Larry David commercial and all this stuff. Right. But a lot of that, like, something like $150 million of that money went to basically just pay politicians. And, and a lot of that money was paid to politicians with no compliance at all, with all the, You know, campaign finance regulations that the rest of us all have to comply with. And so the money was just shotgun out the door. How come they don't have to comply? Well it, it was illegal. I mean it was illegal 'cause he was breaking the law. I mean, it was to, to be clear. He was, he was illegal. Now a very funny thing happened, which is when he was indicted by the US government, they didn't, they ended up not charging him on campaign, campaign finance fraud and, and because they'd Have to give all the money back.


Well, So, so there's two theories on it. The thing that they said was their, their extradition agreement with Bermuda, Bermuda threatened to not extra extradite him if they charged him on that charge. Which is like super weird. 'cause you're the United very number one, you're the United States of America, you can probably get the guy number two, did he really wanna stay in a prison in Bermuda? Right. And so, so it wasn all weird. And then, and then look the other, there's no evidence for this, but the other theory is Yeah. The, whoever are the powers that be, that decide these things in DC decided to not open it. It's, it's like the Epstein client list. Like there are certain boxes Yeah. That are better not to open at least. Well, the campaign finance thing, wouldn't they have to pay it back? So the, then there's this like panic the minute one of these scandals breaks like that there was these panic rush and all of a sudden politicians discover philanthropic causes they can donate the money to.


Right. And then, and then yeah. And the fullness of time the trustees might come cloth the money back. So Yeah. There's, You know, it'll, it'll, it'll play out however it does. But, but it is, it is interesting. It is a great example of, it was the shotgunning of money into the system under like, basically just like nakedly breaking the law. And then it now look, he's in prison. The other argument is he's in prison. He's in prison already. Like whatever. It just would've been, You know, another sentence. But like he did break the law and he was not actually charged on that. And the, that prosecution has not happened. And, and probably sitting here today never will. What's really fascinating about him is that he was right. And if they didn't come after him, he would have gotten all that money to those people. He would, it seems Like it kind of turned around.


Right. It didn't get him off the hook though. It didn't. No. Well, he did some, he still did something illegal. He Did, yeah. Did he know it was illegal? He is in prison. I think it's really hard to get inside that guy's head. Yeah. I I don't know that I can represent his mental state. He'd Be a fascinating podcast guest if he was out. He Flopped very hard, very hard at trial. Yeah. So he, he had an explanation. But no, it's just the jury didn't buy it. What Was his explanation? That, You know, he was, You know, that it was all the money was all being invested and he was gonna give it all back And it was all this and that. You know, it's like, and then all these complicated theories around all this effective altruism and this and that and the other thing. And the prosecution was just Like, it was the customer's money.


It wasn't your money. Right. What the fuck? Clearly. Yeah. And So I like, I I don't know like Yeah, Well there's also amphetamines involved, which definitely tend to skew your judgment. I mean, him and that lady were like sort of proponents of amphetamine use And they were taking, there was some, some anti Parkinson's drug they were taking Whoa. That has a side effect of reducing your, your risk calibration. Oh, dopamine agonists. Yeah. One of those. Yeah. Like Reequip. Yeah. Something like that. And they were, he he had these patch, he was, he was taking these patches That makes you do wild shit. That also makes people gamble. Yeah, Exactly. Well, yeah. Yeah. There was a guy who won a lawsuit from GlaxoSmithKline. 'cause he took Reequip and became a gay sex and gambling addict.


Yeah. I think they paid him the equivalent of like 500 plus thousand American dollars. I believe it was in Ireland. Yeah. Yeah. Dopamine agonists are weird. They, they, they do strange things to people. If that happened to me, I would definitely sue. That's crazy that those guys were taking those things. At least Sam, Sam was Ooh Boy. What a wild fella. Yeah. M S A confirmed he wears an M s A patch. What's an M s A patch? He's supposed to use the depression medication. Oh. His supposed use of the depression medication had kicked up some rumors. So what is That's the stuff That's the Parkinson's. I think it wasn. Is that a dopamine agonist? Does it say, I'm not sure.


I'll look it up On, Yeah. See put dopamine agonist. Yeah. Parkinson's. There we Go. Yeah. Interesting. So It's like related. If it's not that, it's like a related Classic drug. Interesting. How does it work? Does it say how it works? Commonly used to depression. How does it work though? Here We go. Okay. It's an MAO inhibitor. Interesting. Used to treat mental depression in adults. This medicine is a monoamine oxid inhibitor. That's a different one that says it's sludge. It could be the same. That's sl similar. Oh, okay. That's, yeah. That's sludge link. Slugly is also, people take that.


It's Well, as a nootropic I've heard. Yeah, That's What it is. So it ist a s a Celine Celgene. Celgene Egine. I think it's egine. I knew a doctor who was taking that. He was taking it as a, but not in a patch. He was taking it a pill form. And he said it was a atropic, so monoamine oxide inhibitor. So that's the stuff that's the active and that's what makes ayahuasca orally active. Same thing. A monoamine oxidate inhibitor along with the plant that contains dimethyl tryptamine, which is not normally orally active. Right. So this guy, if he was doing drugs and taking m mao inhibitors, he was out of his fucking mind.


Guaranteed. 'cause I know people who have taken like prescription grade M ma o inhibitors and then taken mushrooms and literally almost never came back. Yeah. Like got to the point where for weeks they were fucked up. And then when they did come back, they were like, I almost lost it. Like I was almost gone. Gone like, You know, like the dude from Pink Floyd, like never coming back. Shine on you crazy diamond. You're gone. Right. And that happens to people. Right. So this fucking kid with billions of dollars of people's money is taking those kinds of medications Yeah. And amphetamines and who knows what. Yeah. You know, he had an on staff psychiatrist who was prescribing all this stuff. Wonderful. Like Hitler. Yeah. An an inside guy. Yeah, exactly.


Exactly. Once again, once Again back to Hitler. That's so crazy. What a wild boy. Yeah. Are you following the psych, the theories that now emerging around ozempic and psychological changes that causes No, but I did read that it makes your heart shrink. Well, there, there's, there's some, some theory to that, which is very concerning, but there's fuck Yeah. It is. But there's a fair amount of evidence that it resolves alcohol addiction, certain forms of drug addiction Wow. And gambling addictions. And the current theory is that what it does is it basically, it essentially increases your self-control, your self-discipline, And it reduces cravings. Wow. And there's a theory that this is very positive. Let's let's say this is true. Which is what they, they think right now. We'll see. But that's what they think.


So the theory that it's positive is the theory that, You know, if we were all like more responsible in our lives, we'd all be more successful and society would go better. Yeah. Counter argument would be like, responsible is only part of living and it's only part of what makes a society work. And we also need risk taking and we need creativity and we need, we need impulsiveness. Yes. Right. And we need variety. Yes. And maybe we're all gonna get into a channel. Right. Right. And maybe we're not gonna like, where that where that, that just by itself ends up. Yeah. You can't have everybody discipline. You have to have wild fuckers out there. Yeah, that's right. You have to have your jelly rolls of the world. You have to be crazy people. They're fun. Yeah. They make things more interesting. Yeah, that's right. You have, so it's essentially discipline and You know, a pill form or an injectable form.


Yeah. And it's one very, it's been very helpful. Right. Prescribe increasingly starting to prescribe it to alcoholics. And apparently it's working quite well. That's crazy. Well that's, that brings me to Ibogaine, which is the one thing that has like the most success for people with addictions. And it's illegal in this country. People go down to Mexico and go to these IBO game retreats. It's apparently, I haven't done it, but it's apparently this insane introspective journey that's very uncomfortable And it lasts about 24 hours. It's not something that's addictive in any way, shape or form. Almost everyone says it's a very uncomfortable experience, but you gain unbelievable insight into what is wrong with you that makes you want to pick up heroin. Like what, what's going on in there that you're trying to escape?


Like, what is this? And it recognizes that pathway and puts a chemical stop there. It actually like stops people from having addictive cravings. Right. And it rewires the way they think about things. Right. Particularly beneficial to veterans. A lot of veterans who've just seen way too much and come over and they're all fucked up and they don't have any way to straighten their brain out. And they've had tremendous benefits using that. Yeah, that's great. You know, I wonder with particularly with these, these ozempic and wavy and all these different types of weight loss diabetic drugs, I, I wonder if there's a way to mitigate these side effects.


Because, You know, when I've talked to people that think that, like my friend Brigham Brigham Bueller, who runs weights too. Well, he, he's concerned about side effects of it, but he's also, he looks at people that are re just morbidly obese. Right. And he's like, these people, they need some fucking help. Right. That's right. There's, they've gone down this terrible road. Yeah. Yes. They shouldn't have done it. Yes. Okay. We all agree to that. Yeah. Don't, don't eat pie all day. Yeah. But if you've gotten to 500 pounds, you're probably, you're in a bad state and you could probably use some help. And maybe that could get them back on track. And maybe there's a way with maybe strength training. 'cause one of the things is they lose a large percentage of muscle mass and bone density.


Right. Maybe that could be mitigated with strength training. Right. Maybe it's one of those things that if you're gonna get on ozempic, you must lift weights three times a week. Right. Which is, that might be it. Right? I mean, if it's just losing tissue, there's certainly, that's, that's relatively easy to fix, right? That's right. And there's, by the way, there's a ton of RD going into these drugs right now. So there, there's gonna be many more versions of these things. I'm hopeful that we could develop something where no one can ever be obese again. Yeah. Yeah. That would be really interesting. I mean, maybe this is just the first steps of this. Right. And then like, these are crude versions of what will ultimately be a very comprehensive way of addressing an issue like that. Yeah. So the other thing I'd say, so I've been down in Florida the last couple weeks working on some of the, You know, stuff happening down there.


And I, one of the things I learned is that the RFK, the RFK is really in charge of health for the country from here. You know, for like, he's really in charge and, You know, working with the president and he, You know, for all the controversy around some of his positions, like he's, You know, this whole Maha like, he's very serious about this. And a lot of people, including a lot of the most qualified people I know in the field are like, yes, it is long overdue that we look at the food system. Yes. And we look at all these all all just whatever, to your point, the horrible track that we've been on for 40 years. Yeah. Which is just a complete catastrophe. And I think it's a, there's this concept in psychology called common knowledge, which is, it's like, it's something that everybody knows, but yet nobody states out loud.


And So it like, it's like known, but then all of a sudden there's a tipping point and all of a sudden it's not only known, but it's like obvious and all of a sudden everybody agrees on it. Yes. And this feels like one of those moments where it's like nutrition, behavioral, You know, exercise, like the path that people are on to become obese. Like no, like this actually needs to be addressed. Yes. This is actually a profound issue. Yes. And it's, it's, it's, we're on the road to hell. And Like It has to get fixed and maybe it gets, it gets fixed chemically and maybe it gets fixed behaviorally or other things. Maybe the culture has to change, but Like, it has to get fixed. And I'm actually, I've been very encouraged that that like, I think this is now gonna be a very big focus area and, and not just by the government, but I think also in the culture. I agree. Yeah. And I'm very encouraged as well. And I think as we were talking before about a sort of a shift in perspective of the country, I think a shift in perspective of the country towards that being something that you should strive towards.


Right. I think that's coming too. I think that's happening right now. One of the happiest moments for me is when I run into someone and they said they were inspired to get fit and healthy from listening to me talking about the benefits of it. And I've talked to so many people that are lost a hundred pounds, 150 pounds. They, they're exercising regularly. They eat healthy. It's fantastic. Yeah. It's one of my favorite things when I run into people that are fans of the podcast. Yeah. So one of my theories on this is that this is part of this, what happened is if something very specific happened during Covid, which is the public health people by and large looked very unhealthy. Yes. They didn't, They didn't look good. Right. And so you've got these people standing up there telling everybody how they've gotta like do all the, You know, lockdowns and the masks and like all that stuff.


And Like, yeah. Bill Gates should get jacked. That would be very helpful. He's Got a lot of money. It would be extremely helpful. Get A trainer when he writes the book and goes in the press tour to talk about public health, how rest of us Should look, get a trainer. That would be great. Yeah. It'd be great by the way. It'd be great for him and his family. Sure. And society. It would be very reassuring. Bill Gates had a six pack, I'd listen to him more That I think would be Abso absolutely fantastic. And so like, it's just this thing. It's just like, well of course, like yes. The people who are telling us all how to live and eat ought to be healthy. Right. And if they're not, like, clearly. Right. And that's where RFK comes in play. A hundred Percent. He looks fantastic. He looks great. He looks great. Yeah. Yeah. Super chill. Like Yeah. It's just like, wow. Yeah, we're taking a picture.


I'm like, dude, you're jacked. We got put my my arm on him. I'm like, you're fucking Jack, dude. Look at you. Yeah, exactly. It works out all the time at Gold Gym in Venice. There we go with jeans on. Awesome. Works out with jeans on. That's old school. I don't get that. That's Amazing. That seems weird. It seems Like It gets in the way of your squats. Unless you're wearing like, like origin jeans stretch. That's got a lot of stretchy fabric to it. Stretch stretchy jeans. You know, you gotta, you have to give stretchy jeans, but even then, like put some shorts on your fucking weirdo. Like, what are you doing, man? No. It's like, that's like, that's like, that's like prison yard credibility. It is. That's it's, it's fantastic. It is a little, It is a little street credit old school, You know, wearing Timberlands Yes. Timberlands and a pair of jeans and doing your squats. It's kind of crazy. Exactly. But the promotion of health is like, I, I don't know how anybody could be against that.


Yeah. Do you want more energy? Do you want more vitality in your life? Well, you should be healthier. It's like your li you have your body's a race car and you could choose if you work hard enough to jack up the horsepower. Right. You can make better brakes. Yeah. You can have a better fuel injection system. Like the whole thing could work way better. Yeah. Like all you have to do is work at it. Yeah. And that is your vehicle for propelling you through this life. It'll give you more energy for creativity, more energy for your family, more energy for your hobbies, your recreations time with your friends. You'll literally have more energy as a human, which is what we all like. Nobody likes waking up and feeling like shit. Yeah. I mean, everybody's been hungover who's had a, a few drinks and you wake up in the morning, you're like, what am I doing? I don't ever wanna do this again. Yeah.


Why did I do this to my myself? And then you can't wait for the day where you feel better. Yeah. Like you drink your electrolytes, you, you get your sleep, you do whatever the fuck you can. And you're like, I'll be over this soon. Yeah. Oh, oh, you head, ugh. And you, You know, everybody likes having more energy. It's better for you. And we could promote that as a society. And the this RFK junior appointment is a really big step in that direction that we've really never had before. That's right. Yeah. You have to go back to like literally his uncle JFK had a program like this in like 1962. Yeah. Been A long time. Well, Michelle Obama did for a bit. Right? A little bit. Although it wasn like vegetarian. You know, you getting into like vegetarian school. Oh, was she saying vegetarianism? I dunno know she was vegetarian, but like, well, Eric Adams, You know, the go mayor, mayor of New York has been trying to push vegetarian school lunches.


It's Like, no, that's Not right. No, that's not right. It's So dumb. I can't wait until they can figure out the plants really can think and feel. Right. Exactly. Because they're real close. They're real close to proving that. I mean, they've, they've demonstrated intelligence and allocation of resources through mycelium. There's a lot of stuff that we, we know now about plants that we didn't know then. I think they're all conscious. I think everything's conscious. Yeah. I think we need, we need audio recordings of the screams. Yeah. When you Mow the lawn, it's just like Armageddon. You know, the thing to play audio recordings of caterpillars eating leaves And it changes the flavor profile of all the plants around it. Awesome. Oh, amazing. Yeah. They've, they've done this because there's a phenomenon when giraffes, if giraffes are eating, if they are upwind and they're eating leaves, as the the wind comes down and gets to the other acacia trees, the acacia trees will, they'll come up with this phytochemical, they produce a phytochemical that's disgusting.


Yeah. To the giraffes. And the giraffes will literally starve. Yeah. 'cause they won't eat those trees. Yeah. And they do this somehow or another through communication. Yeah. It's like they're preventing war. They're being attacked by mammals. Yep. And they're like, we have to stop the attack. And nature has provided them with this mechanism to do that, which is really crazy. That's amazing. So back, back to back to the dos for a moment. So the, one of the reasons why everybody became unhealthy is because the government directly exerted, put itself into the food system and specifically high fructose corn syrup. Right. High fructose corn syrup was an artifact of government agriculture subsidies. Right, right. The country was, Which was good during World War ii. 'cause we needed food at One time. Yeah. Right. But like by the 1970s. Right. We were massively overproducing specifically, we were massively overproducing corn and the, and the corn, the corn lobby, the, the, the sort of agriculture lobby became very powerful.


And, and, and we have this government agency, one of the 450 government agencies is the USDA. And the USDA has a dual mandate. It's to promote US agriculture, specifically things like corn. And it's also to advise us on what we should eat. And they also do the food pyramid. Hmm. And that's why the food pyramid is upside down. Right. For, for, for, for all those decades where we're supposed to eat carbs and not protein and fat was because literally that's the agency that's responsible for, for, for promoting agriculture. And that then that agency, it's inserted itself through laws, regulations and this kind of administrative pressure. And basically he said, thou shalt use high fructose corn syrup because It is a, or byproduct of corn as opposed to sugar. Right. And as we now know, it wasn absolutely poisonous decision.


Like it wasn like literal, literal poison. Absolutely. A ruinous decision. Just an absolutely terrible idea. Well, Casey means was on here, and she was explaining the, the very mechanism by which a high fructose corn syrup encourages over consumption. And then it's essentially like, it's an evolutionary thing that, like where bears would eat like a bunch of berries to get fat for the winter. Right. It's like these high fructose corn syrup encourages you to overconsume. Yeah. We were not supposed to be eating this. Like this was not supposed to happen And it would not have Happened. Especially drinking It a hundred percent. Like Yeah, a hundred percent. And so, but this would not have happened had the government not made it happen. And, and So it traces directly back to a government decision to do that. Now they didn't, of course they didn't understand the consequences, but that's kind of the point, which is they interfered without understanding the consequences.


And so that's the kind of thing where you look at it and you're just like, all right, like, and then you're, you're 40 years later and you're still doing it. Right. And then at that, and, and then at some point You know what the consequences are, and then at some point there's a question of whether they're being covered up. Right? Right. And it's just like, okay, at some point this has to stop. Right. And, and, and literally they just need to stop. Like It, they just need to stop subsidizing core, and they need to stop forcing the food companies to do this. They just need to stop. And so there, this goes back to like the regulatory reform thing, which is like, there's just like tremendous amount of this that may have been good intention at one point. Yeah. But sitting here today, we're living with these horrible downstream consequences. And unless somebody steps in with a hammer, none of this is going to happen. None of it's gonna change. They also have the insane amount of money that's involved because RJ Reynolds, these tobacco companies, when they were getting sanctioned, they were getting in trouble.


They decided, well, let's buy all these food companies. Right? And so now these same companies that lied about whether or not cigarettes are addictive and cause cancer, now these same companies are pushing super unhealthy food on people, or at least selling super unhealthy food people, which I think you should be allowed to buy. Right. I think you should be allowed to buy whatever the fuck you want. I'm, I'm all for that, but I do think we should be like much more aware of what's actually going on, like you're saying, and why this stuff is in there in the first place. Right. Well, and then, and then you get in these other, You know, more, more delicate questions, but it's like, okay, food assistance programs for like, You know, low income people and low income children. It's like, okay, should they be, do we want little kids who have no control over this to end up on the receiving end of this food production pipeline?


Right. Paid for with government money and being 300 pounds by the time They're 18. Right. And cheaper than other food and Cheaper than other foods because they're subsidized. Right. Because they're subsidized. And so, and you just, you have this very perverse outcome where you have these government officials who have been standing up there for 40 years saying, we're protecting you, we're protecting you, and what's been happening as they've been poisoning us. Yeah. And So it like stuff, Like It just needs to stop. And, and, and that's, that's, that's where you need something like the Doge. So, and, and, and somebody like President Trump, What would they be able to do to mitigate a lot of these issues? Like how would they, if you want to, would you make it illegal to put high fructose corn syrup as an, as an ingredient? Or would you simply stop subsidizing? Like, and what would be, how would that work within the government?


Like how would you apply something like that? Yeah, I think there's three things you can do. Two of which involve direct action, and then the third is maybe even the most important. So one is you can just stop doing things that are harmful. You can stop doing things. The government can stop subsidizing bad things. That's an example. I'll give you any parallel, parallel thing. If you, if you want to clean up the universities, you, you need to stop feeding them student loans, right? So Right. The government should stop paying for things that are clearly harmful. So, so that's one. And then two is, look, there may be a role for additional, You know, protections or prohibitions. And so for example, maybe you let people freely buy all the Oreos they want, but maybe you can't get them with food assistance programs so that, You know, kids who have no control over it are not, are not being poisoned. And so, You know, you maybe do that, but, but I always think that the third thing is culture.


Culture. Like, there's always a temptation with these discussions because the government's so powerful to talk about what the government does or doesn't do. And I think so much of this has to do with the culture. It's, It is a actually upstream or downstream from politics, which is like, like what is the cultural tone of the country? Right? What's the value system, right? What are the role models? Right? Right. What are people being inspired to do? Also, what form of shaming is in effect? Like, what are, what are, what are we not gonna tolerate? Take the perverse fat studies, like Right. Are are we gonna glorify obesity? Right. Right. No, No. And that's not necessarily a legal judgment or a court case, but it's, it's Like, it's a cultural statement. And if the, if and and I, and, And it is not that the government plays should control the culture, but our leaders certainly play a big role in that.


Yeah. And so in both in and outside of government. And so for our leaders to step up at a moment like this and basically say, yeah, no, this is not the kind of culture we're gonna have. It's not the kind of society we're gonna have. It's not what kids should, You know, be looking up to. I think I, I think is just as powerful as the actual government actions. It's interesting you're saying the kind of shaming, 'cause I don't wanna shame anybody for being fat, but boy does that work. Maybe You Should shame pa fat shaming works and Maybe you should shame parents if their kids are fat. Yeah, Right. Problem is, And Maybe you so many people that are ignorant as to what exactly is going on. Of course. And that's, it's like absolutely required. Like, And they're being fed bullshit. A hundred percent and yes. Yeah. But, but again, it, it's also cultural, which is just like, okay, is is the media thing? Like, is the media educating people on this? And if, if the mainstream media's not doing it right, are there, should there be new media sources that are Yeah.


And like who gets and which sources? And then therefore, which sources the media get respect. Right. And so we, we have this giant collective culture question, right. That we get to, we all get to ask and answer, and particularly those of us in a position to be able to send messages that a lot of people hear. So that will help. Yeah. That will help move the needle. And, but, but what specifically can RFK Junior do once he actually gets in? Oh, I mean, there's, Well, he has tremend. He, he'll have, You know, secretary of hh s he has very broad, You know, I would say a very broad ability to look at this holistically inside the government. What kind of pushback is there gonna be against that? Like, that seems like a wild amount of money's gonna be lost. Yeah. So there, there's, there, so there's, there's, there's the work that there cabinet secretaries, like he will be doing formally.


And then there's the work that the doge and, and, and the president will be doing kind of in parallel with that. And, You know, there will be some convergence between those. And, and You know, there's the, we'll see there's the potential here for quite dramatic action on a lot of these fronts. Could you imagine if you're running an agency and you have to have a meeting with Vivek and Elon Yes. And you gotta open your books. Yes. Yes. It's like office space where they brought in the bobs for consulting. Yes. What do you do here? Exactly. That's exactly what it's like. Isn't there a meme like that? Isn't there a meme like that? I think there's a meme where they take those guys and they put Elon and Vivek's heads on them. Yes. Yeah. So there was a another key timeline split that happened in Silicon Valley about two years ago, actually two and a half years ago when Elon, actually, right before he took over Twitter, where he got in an email fight with the CEO of Twitter at the time, who's like, actually a guy who was a friend of mine, who's a really good guy, but had it literally this guy had just been promoted from engineering to run the company.


And then like a month later he ends up trying to deal with the Elon situation. So kind of got a little bit sandbagged on it, but Yes, Of course. He said, Elon Musk says he rewashed office space to prepare for Doge. Of course he did. Of course he did. Fucking psycho. Exactly. God, we're so lucky that guy's around. Exactly. So there was this moment in the Twitter takeover where Elon sends his email and he says, and the line is, what, what did you get done this week? Whoa. What did you get done this week? And in the context of Silicon Valley companies, it wasn a provocative statement because a lot of Silicon Valley companies take months or years to do anything.


But imagine that statement being applied to the government. Oh my God. Right? Like the level of like accelerated, like, okay, what are the problems? How are we gonna fix 'em? And what have you gotten done this week? Yeah. You think de banking upended some lives. Yes, exactly. So yes. What have you done this week? And by the way, when Elon runs this, it's actually interesting. A guy just tweeted, a guy just tweeted or posted or has edited what it's like to work for Elon at his AI company, XAI. And he said, Elon came in last week, and he said, Elon spent 18 hours at the office and in five minute chunks, And it was every five, each person had a five minute speaking slot to explain to Elon what they were doing. Wow. And he did that for, You know, five times, whatever. Right? 18 hours. Jesus Christ. And So think about what that meant.


Every employee had an opportunity to tell the big boss what they were working on. Every employee had an opportunity to be rec recognized for their effort. Every employee had an opportunity to get live feedback from the big boss who had a comprehensive overview of everything as to what they should be doing. Whoa. And there's no place to hide, right? Whoa. And think about different it is for a company to be run that way. Right. Then even again, and the valley companies generally are quite well run by, by sort of business standards. And, and even that, like, that's the level of intensity that most valley companies aren't even close to. Now imagine that applied to government, to Government and there, which is just, and it's, and again, this is the kind of thing, there's no law that like, there's no reason it can't be done. There's no law that prevents that. There's nothing in the constitution that says you can't do that.


It's a choice. How the government is run is a choice on the part of the executive branch and the president for how it's going to get run. And there's no reason why the government can't literally be run, be run this way. And here's what's crazy, the pushback against even the concept of this by leftists. So leftists defending bureaucratic bloat and big government Right. Is wild to watch. Right. Which they really shouldn't be doing, which is a weird thing to have wedged themselves into. My hope is they'll figure out how weird this is. Do you think it's like just an ideological thing? Like the right wants this, so we oppose it? I think, I think they, I think the left thinks they control the government. Like I think 50 years ago they would've been on the other side of this, of this issue. Like It, like Noam Chomsky 50 years ago, of course would've been on the other side of this.


Yes. He would've viewed government power as an extension of like the state and big business intertwined. And you have these just term manufacturing of consent where it's like government and business are conspiring against you. Yeah. And so he would've been on the other side of this, but I think today's leftist think they control the government, which in many ways they do Well. So Washington DC the Washington DC voted 94% for Kamala, 6% for Trump. Whoa. Right. And so o okay, so two data points. That is data. Point number one, data point number two, four of the 10 wealthiest counties in the country are suburbs of Washington, DC Wow. Lobbyists. Lobbyists. Yeah. They call beltway bandits. Yeah. That's a crazy job. Is the actual, it is the actual term. And these aren't people working for the government. These are people making money from the government.


Right? Right. These are, these are people sponging, sponging off the government. And so like yeah. For for for to the extent that Democrats have wedged themselves into a position where they're defending this, they really shouldn't, they should really rethink this. They should figure out how to get back to right. The correct, the correct mentality on this that they used to Have No only Yeah. If there's less government bloat, then there's less tax dollars. Yeah. You don't, you don't ha you don't need as much money to fund these things. Yeah, that's right. There's like, people can be taxed less. Yeah. There can be more allocation of these funds towards these social programs that We all want. Yeah. You know, most federal workers never came back to work. Really? Yeah. They, they work from home most, most. Yeah. What percent? Very large percentage. Something like half just literally just never came back.


Whoa. They, and they still, by the way, still draw paycheck. They're still on their jobs, but literally they're not in the office. Or in some cases they have an agreement where there's one agency I probably won't name, but there's one agency where there's, where the, okay, here's another great thing. There are agencies of the federal government whose workforces are both civil servants, civil, have full civil service protections, and the, and unionized entirely paid for by the taxpayer, but they both have civil service protections, which by the way are totally made up. There's no concept in the constitution of like civil service protections. It's just like a totally made up thing. And they're unionized. And, and then there's a particular agency that I know of where the union agreement, the union negotiated the return to the office from Covid. And the agreement was you have to be in the office one day a month.


Whoa. And, and actually what the, the pattern now is what they do is the employees come in on the last day of the month and the first day of the following month. So they only have to be there for two days out Of, for two months, Out of, out of 60 days. That's crazy. As a consequence, many of them have actually left the area. Right. Because they get their government paycheck, which is calibrated for living there. And then they go live someplace nice, You know, someplace nice. But You know, they go live in the Ozarks or something where it's the cost of living is cheaper and they have big a bigger house and You know, in theory they're working from home. But like, You know, like, is it, is it actually happening? So, and this is again, this is the do this is one of the things that the do the do, they've, they've already announced, the thing they've said is you can work from home just not for the federal government. Right? Yeah. And so when people are talking about like, is the doge gonna be able to do anything?


Like, It is just, okay, there's 50% of the federal workforce. Right? And, And it, You know, and as yes, as a taxpayer, how do you feel about that? And You know, to your point on paying taxes, like if those people are in the office and they're dynamos of activity and they're making the country better. Right. You know, fair enough. Of course. But if they're kicking it at home, Right? Maybe not. Yeah. Maybe not. And so that's the, how much oversight has there been on whether or not they've been kicking it? Excellent question. Yeah. Now it turns out there are way there, there are actually, there, there are ways to figure this out. So for example, for many, for many jobs where you have to log in to be able to get access, like to email you, you can actually check. And like often you have VPNs to get into the corporate network. You can actually audit and you can see who's been working.


Oh. And then there's a, do You know about mouse wiggles? Yes. Yeah. Yes. Programs? No, No, actually physical. Oh, they're physical mouse wiggles Now. Yeah. Physical mouse wiggles. And so it's a physical device that holds your mouse and, and, and then on a intermittently wiggles it. And a friend of mine who runs a big tech company, he just had like a nagging feeling in the back of his head that maybe all of his remote worker workers weren't pulling their weight. And so he actually wrote himself on a weekend, an algorithm to inspect all the mouse movements of all employees for a week. And then, and then he bought all 50 like mouse wigglers from China that you can buy. And he fingerprinted them all. And he found that he had a whole bunch of employees who were using mouse wiggle, mouse wiggles.


Wow. Right. And so how many federal employees are using mouse wiggler? Right. So How crazy is that? That that's how they can measure whether or not you're active. Yeah. Whether your mouse is moving. Yeah. Like what are they, what are they seeing? Just, just a pattern of movement of the mouse. That's it. Well, the mouse, the mouse wigglers is moving in a, in a way that you can fingerprint, detect. So is this like, do you agree to a certain amount of disclosure of your personal information while you're working? Like how do you get access to mouse wiggles? Oh, so it's very common. So in corporate environments, it's very common that the, your, your company issued computer has some kind of software on it that lets the company control the software and gives them, and gives the company some level of visibility to what you're doing. Oh. And it doesn't mean, that doesn't mean they're washing literally washing you.


Oh. But, But it means that they have the ability to kind of reach in and be able to, You know, be able to see, You know, how how much is the computer on Wow. Is the most moving. And so that, that's actually a reason reasonably common thing. I Heard the most ridiculous argument against this. Yeah. What are you gonna do with all those employees that get fired? Like what are you gonna do with all those people who are stealing hubcaps? They're making a living, stealing. What are you gonna do if you make hubcaps stealing illegal? Like, what are you talking about? Yeah. They're essentially stealing tax dollars. Yeah. If they really are doing something that's totally useless. Right. And they're, we're wasting enormous amounts of money on this every year. Right. The argument that what are you gonna do if those people can't do that anymore is really crazy. Yeah. Well the answer is they can do something productive. Yeah.


And people are more than capable. They can, you don't have to infantalize someone to say like, this is the only thing they're capable of doing. Exactly. They've worked for the government for 20 years, this is all they can do. Yeah. And then by the way, there's multiple knock on positive knock on effects. If you can cut government spending, there's multiple knock on effects. So one is if you cut the spending, you can cut the taxes and you can just simply, the, the private economy then just simply has more money. 'cause it hasn't been taken. And So I, if there's less public spend, there will be more private spend. Right. Right. 'cause the money reallocates. And so there might be just as much demand in the economy is just coming from people choosing to buy things instead of the government forcing it. So that's number one. Number two, you can bring down government debt, which means you can bring down government interest. And the government today, the federal government today pays more in interest than we pay for the Department of Defense.


Right. But how much of that is salary? No, no, that's just interest on the debt. Right. That's just interest on the old debt. Okay. We pay like 1.2 billion a year right now, I think is the latest number, which is, which is just interest on debt. It's not paying for any good or service, it's just interest on debt. But again, what Percentage of that is the What Of the GDP? Well, the, so the, the, the total government spending's on the order of 7 trillion interest payments are like 1.2 trillion, something like that. 1.2 trillion A year. I think that's the current number. DOD is 800 billion a year. So 1.2 trillion Just off the top. Yeah, just off the top. And again, no tax. Nobody's benefiting from that. It's just interest payments. That's bananas. Right. And total gdp. PS like, I don't, I don't know. It's, it's, it's, it's, I don't know. It's 20, 30, 40 trillion.


It's, You know, it's much larger than that. But like still, It's enough. This Is a lot of money. And any, and the, and the total accumulated debt is 35 trillion and, and grow the total accumulated debt is 35 trillion And it adds another trillion of accumulated debt every a hundred days. Yes. Oh my God. It hurts my head. There's A congressman actually Thomas Massey, you should have. So he's the one guy in Washington who talks about this. And he's an mit, he's a li he's one of the only libertarians. And he's a, he's an MIT engineer. And he actually designed himself the a pocket lapel pin calculator of the, of the, of the government debt. And he wears it every day in Washington DC So, so he walks around with this scroll, He walks with, he walks with a little scrolling LED Display Oh my God.


On, on his lapel. And it, it literally counts. It, it counts the debt and it's accurate. It's pulling data from the US Treasury and it's actually an accurate count. And so it's like 34 trillion, 35 trillion, 36 trillion. Here's the kicker at the current pace, at the compounding, it'll cross, the debt will cross a hundred trillion in the foreseeable future. So he's already working on the redesign. 'cause he needs a bigger device with a bigger screen to be able to display the bigger number. How much anxiety do you get standing around him looking at that thing? That's His goal. Right. He wants, because otherwise the status quo in Washington has just let this happen. Ugh. Right. And so, so anyway, so, so another way you benefit is reduction of interest. And then another way you benefit is reduction of interest rates. If you bring down the amount of debt in the economy, you bring down interest rates. And then everybody else who buys things, when you go to buy for a house, your mortgage is cheaper.


Right. So everybody who buys, anybody who ever borrows money in the real economy, then therefore is better off. Right? This is anybody who wants start a business being only good for wealthy people. Oh, it's good for everybody, right? Yeah. It's good for anybody who ever gets car loan, home loan, small business loan, you wanna bring down interest rates. But This fundamental discussion of it, the, the, like, the argument particularly from the left is that all these tax cuts, deregulation, all this, all this is going to do is make Trump supporters and Trump's people wealthier and it's gonna ruin the middle class and ruin the lower everyone else is gonna suffer. So just observationally, almost all the rich people in our society are for, were for Kamala. Right. Really? Yeah. The Democrat, the Democratic party.


So the, the, so Democrat Republican, it's a, it's what they call, it's a political scientist called top plus bottom versus middle is the configuration. So the democratic party is the top and the bottom versus the middle. So the top is what you might call the sort of upper middle class coastal elites. So it's everybody who went to the fancy schools, it's everybody with a fancy jobs. It's for sure me, I guess your grandfathered in. Yeah. Right. But it's Like, it's like, You know, it's like, it's like fancy, it's like high net worth high income people with primarily knowledge working jobs. Right? So some professor reporter programmer, right. Database expert. Author, author, lawyer. Yeah. You know, accountant, banker, like all, all this sort of, You know, quote elite jobs and, and all the elite degrees by the way, who all went to the top schools and got like, You know, the, the, the, the elite degrees.


So, so that's the top. And then the bottom is what, what you, you call the, the clientele underclass. Right? So it's, and it's, it's the, it's it they call the ra the rainbow coalition, right? So it's all, it's the minority groups, right? And so it's the assembly of, You know, low income, African Americans, low income, Latinos, You know, dot Recent Immigrants, recent immigrants and so forth, right? And so that's the democratic coalition that they explicitly program against. And then republicans in, in our era, Republicans are in the, it's, it's the middle, it's the middle class, lower middle class. You know, it's, it's all the people who don't have the fancy degrees and that are doing all the actual work that's basically making the country run. Right. So it's, it's everybody from the small business owner, the restaurateur, You know, the truck drivers, truck drivers, farmers, You know, all the way, You know, garbage men and janitor, like everybody who goes to work nine to five has a job.


Probably, probably either small business or a physical job. Mm. You know, You know, it's sort of say labor, like real labor, like actual labor callouses on the hands, right, right, right. Kinds of stuff. So kind of the, the so-called real economy, which is why Right. The Republicans are concentrated in the center and the south. 'cause that's where all those things are. And then Democrats are concentrated in New York and California and on the coast, which is where all the symbolic, You know, creative intellectual jobs are. And so, so, so what's so and so, so the, the weird thing that's happened is progress liberalism, progressivism started speaking for the working man, right? Like a hundred years ago it spoke for the working man. And now what's happened is there's been a complete reorientation where the working man has separated out. And then, and then you saw that in this most recent election where the unions, the union leadership still for the most part endorsed Kamala.


But the rank and file voted majority for Trump in a lot of cases. Hmm. And the, the, the, the data point that I remember is the teamsters voted 70% for Trump. What do you think the motivation of all these wealthy people to vote for Kamala Harris was? Because They feel great 'cause they're saving the world. Yes. It's, it's amazing to be in charge and control society and decide how everything works and decide who's good and who's bad. And like you're elite, you get to be the elite. You get to make the elite decisions. And if you want to be in that group, you have to, you Gotta, you gotta, you gotta do this. And you feel good about yourself Because you feel like what you're doing is on behalf of your, you, you feel like what you're doing is on behalf of your client, of your clientele in your class. It's reinforced by the echo chamber you live in. Yeah.


And it, it's why the con if you, if you read the media, You know, New York Times, it's just, it's, it's either how it, New York Times only has two articles anymore. It's either how evil are Republicans or how, You know, innocent and helpless are, You know, poor, You know, poor aggre minorities or You know, identity groups. Right. And So it oppositional force and then, but we're the party of good with a capital G 'cause we're taking care of all these poor, marginalized people. Mm. And so it's a very compelling, you feel great about yourself, right. It's just absolutely amazing. And then by the way, it just so happens that the economy is wired up in a way where you're getting paid a ton of money Yeah. For not working very hard. Right. And it's all great. And then you're completely isolated away from the lived experience of just normal people, which is the state that I found myself in, where it would never even occur to you to talk to a garbage man or to a somebody, You know, running a restaurant or whatever, Because it is just like, you're not affected by the rising crime rates, right.


Because you live in a safe neighborhood, right. And you've got a, You know, you're against the wall on the border, but you got a wall around your house. Right? Right. And so you, you just, you're in this bubble and then you only ever talk to people who agree with you. Right. And then the media is constantly reinforcing it, and then you get ostracized if you disagree. And that's, and That's the wedge. Like that's, that's the wedge. And, And it worked like, look, for a long time it worked for 40, 50, 60 years, it worked as a way to gain and hold political power. It's just, it's just gotten wedged in kind of this corner where it, it can no longer win. And so therefore it, it, it has to get reexamined. So for you, when you had this shift of thinking, you talked to the waiter and then the Hillary Clinton speech, and then like, how long is it before you start publicly expressing these things and like, how much of a reluctance is there?


Well, so from 26, 17 to 2020, I was just like trying to figure out what the hell was going on. And then Covid hit, and then I was trying to figure out what the hell was going on with Covid. And, You know, our business, You know, went crazy. Our business caved in and had all kinds of crazy, horrible things happening. And we, You know, we have all these companies, we have hundreds of companies, we're responsible for startups. And so we're working with them to try to keep them afloat, kinda get the money and everything. But really it was, I mean, really the big thing was the Biden administration just like flat out tried to kill us. Like they just came like straight at us and they came straight at our founders. And so, and they tried to kill crypto and they were, they were on their way to try to kill ai. I mean there, there were horrible, like there were a second. What Was the motivation to kill ai? Because It a because they, they want, they want control.


I mean, they want control. They want control. They wanna control in the same way they control. So they Recognize the potential of it. And they wanted to head it off with the path They wanna control. They wanna put it in a headlock. They don't necessarily wanna stop it, but they wanna make sure that they control it in the same way that they control social media in the same way that they control the press. So How are they trying to do that Sensor? I mean, So it is the, it is the ai think about it as the same dynamics that cause censorship to happen on social media. Were also gonna happen in ai. And, and so there's a couple steps. So one is you just want a small number of companies that do AI Because you wanna be able to put them in headlock and control them. So you, you, you basically want to give, you basically wanna have a government. You, you, you wanna bless a small set of large companies with a cartel and set up a regulatory structure where those companies are intertwined with the government. And then you wanna prevent startups from being able to enter that cartel.


And how would they do that? That's A threat to the control. So it's it's concept called regulatory capture. And so the, the way, and this is, this has happened many times for, You know, hundreds of years. This is like a very well established kind of thing in, in economics and politics. So if It is a, if suppose you're a big, suppose you're a big bank, suppose you're Jamie Diamond, you run JP Morgan Chase, like what's like the biggest possible threat of what you could possibly face. It's that there's some disruptive change that comes along that upends your entire business. And You know, you, you're Kodak, You know Right. You're Kodak, you're right. Right. You're making a ton of money on, on, on analog film. And then digital cameras come along and, and you get destroyed. And for the, in your obituary, it's like you're the idiot. You know who? Blockbuster Video. Blockbuster video. Like that's the cautionary tale. Yeah. That those are the ghost stories that those guys tell around the campfire at night.


Right. They're just absolutely terrifying. Right. And like business schools teach you, like, that's the one thing you do not want to do. And so there's two ways to try to deal with that. One is you could try to invent the future before it happens to you. But that's hard. 'cause you're running a big company and You know, these startups are out there doing all these crazy things and can you really do that? And it's hard and frisky and dangerous. The other thing you can do is you can go to the government, you can basically say, okay, what we're gonna, we would like to propose basically a trade, which is we would like the government to put up a wall of regulation. Right? We would like the government to put in place rules Right. That are potentially thousands of pages long. Right. And in fact, the more the better. Right? We want a very, very, very high bar for regulation for what's required to be in this business. Because I'm a big company, I can afford 10,000 lawyers in compliance people.


Right. I, I, I voluntarily put myself under basically the government thumb. But in return, the government has erected this wall of regulations such that the next startup comes along and just literally the next company comes along and just literally can't function. Wow. And by the way, this is literally what happened in banking. So pre 2008, pre the financial crisis, there were many different banks in the country. Big, big, medium, small, and lots of new bank startups every year that would, people would just start banks, entrepreneurial banks of many, many different kinds. After the financial crisis, we had this problem called the two big to fail banks. Right. The, the, the banks were too big. And so there was this legislation called Dodd-Frank, which was regulatory reform for banking, which was gonna fix the too big to fail banking problem.


They implemented that in 2011. I call that the big bank protection act of 2011. It was marketed as it was gonna solve the problem of the two big to fail banks. What it actually did was it made them much larger. So those banks are, those bank, those two big to fail banks, the same ones we bailed out are now much larger than they were before. The, the banking industry has concentrated into those banks. All the midsize banks are being shaken out. And You know, they're periodically, they'll go under, like our, we had a, the bank in Silicon Valley is called Silicon Valley Bank. Right. And You know, it went under, and this has been happening all across the economy. And then since Dodd-Frank, the number of new banks created in the United States has dropped to zero. Whoa. And so the banking system is being centralized basically into 10 big banks.


They act, they act, they actually have a term, they have a great term called gsib, globally significant something, something bank. And so there's like 10 G sibs. And then basically what's gonna happen is those are gonna consolidate basically into, into the three big banks. And If you get Deb banked by one of the big three, you're Done. You're absolutely done. Oh my God. But, but think about it from the other side. If you're the treasury secretary and you want your political enemy de banked, it's just a phone call. Right. Which is what, which is what has been happening. Which is happening under, under, under, under the prior regime. Wow. Right. And again, like at that Zero zero new banks. Yeah. Zero. Literally, literally it was like cardiac arrest. It was like, that's it for new bank charters. And we've had companies that have tried to start new banks and it's, it's essentially impossible Because you have to comply with the wall of regulation.


You, you need, you need to go hire your 10,000 compliance people and your lawyers. But you can't afford to do that 'cause you're not big enough yet. So you, so you, you can't function like you, you can't exist. Wow. Like, it's not all it's ruled out. It's by definition it's ruled out. You, you can't do it. It's not financially viable. Wow. Right. So, so, so that happened in banking. That's what they've been doing to social media. It's been the same. It's been the same. And by the way, this has happened in many other industries. By the way, this hap this is, this happened in the food, You know, the food industry is greatly consolidated that that's a lot of what's happened in that industry as well. And it, And it, and it's, it's the inter and think what it's the intertwining of government and the company. Right. Because, because at that point it's like, okay, is this a private company? Yes. Like it's still a private company. It has a stock price as a CEO. Does the CEO have to do everything that the relevant cabinet secretary tells him to do?


Yes, he does. Why does he have to do that? Because if not, it's going to be investigations and subpoenas and prosecutions and protological examinations for the rest of his life. Wow. Everything He, so It's essentially what we accused the CCP of doing in China. It's the imp So, so, so if you combine banking and social media and, and, and now ai, you have basically privatized social credit score, right? Is is where you end up with this. Right. And this goes back to the trucker strike thing. You don't have to threaten to take away somebody's kids. You just, like, you threaten to take away their insurance. You don't threaten to take away their insurance. It's not government insurance that's being taken away. The same thing has happened in the insurance industry. It's consolidated down to a small handful of companies. They're super regulated. If the government doesn't want you to have insurance, you're not gonna have insurance.


And there's no constitutional right to insurance. So there's Right. So there's, there's no appeal process. We're back to the, the de banking thing. And so that happened in banking, that's been happening in, in, in internet, in tech, social media generally. It's been happening in many other sectors. And then it's, it's happening specifically in ai. And what, what you have in AI is you have a set of CEOs of some of the big AI companies that want this to happen. Because again, their big threat is that we're gonna fund a startup that's gonna eat their lunch. Right. It's gonna really screw them up. And so they're like, look, if we could just take the position we have and lock it in with government protection, the trade is we'll do whatever the government wants. Wow. And if you assume the government is controlled by, You know, people who want to censor and punish and cancel their political opponents, that's gonna come right along with it.


And so that's why when these AI systems come out, like nine times out of 10, they're tremendously politically biased. You can do this today. You just go on, you go into these systems today and you just like ask, you just start asking like really basic questions. Gemini's the best example of that, right? When they had the multiracial Nazis, the black Nazis. Yeah. Once again, we're back to, we're back to back to the Nazis. Yes. So it, it turns, according to Gemini, the Hitler had an excellent DEI policy. Yeah. Now, in reality he did not. And it's important to understand that in reality he did not. But yeah, Gemini haha threw up black Nazis. 'cause it's, 'cause it's, they programmed it to be biased. They programmed it in a political direction. There's this guy David Rosado, who's been doing these analyses on the social media side where he shows the incidence rates of the rise of like all of the woke like language, like in the media.


And there's similar studies that have come out for the ai where you, there, there's, there's studies that have been done that basically show the political orientation of the lms. 'cause you can ask 'em questions. You can ask 'em questions and they'll, they'll tell you, and they're just like, nine outta 10 of them are like tremendously biased. And then there's a handful that aren't. And then there's tremendous pressure. This is one of the threats from the government is, is the government basically gonna force our startups to come into compliance, not just with their trade rules, but also with all of their Right ba base ba essentially a, a censorship regime on ai. That, that's exactly like the censorship regime that we had on social media. Wow. That's terrifying. Yeah, exactly. And yes. And, and, and this is my belief and what I've been trying to tell people in Washington, which is, if you thought social media censorship was bad, this has the potential to be a thousand times worse.


And the reason is social media is important, but at the end of the day, it's, it, You know, it's quote just people talking to each other. AI is gonna be the control layer on everything. Right. So AI is gonna be the control layer on how your kids learn in school. Right. It's gonna be the control layer on who gets loans. It's gonna be the control layer on does your house open when you come to the front door. Wow. It's gonna be the control layer on everything. Right. And so if that gets wired into the political system, the way that the banks did and the way that social media did, like we are in for a very bad future. And, and that's a big thing that we've been trying to prevent, is to keep that from happening. And, and, and, and I and the Biden administration was explicitly on that path. Like they were very clearly going for that. And it was, it was just like crystal clear that's where it was headed.


And do you feel like with a second administration they'd be even more emboldened to act in that direction? Yes, A hundred percent. Another Biden, another Biden administration for sure. And then there was, there was an open question around Kamala and the open question there was just, she wouldn't, as, You know, she wouldn't declare if her issues positions were the same as Biden's or if they were different. Right. And so in, You know, you could imagine a common administration that had a very different approach, but she, she refused to clarify any of her positions. Right. And so we, we had to assume that they would be the same as Biden's, which, which I think is the default case Now. Is this closeted sort of a perspective in Silicon Valley? Do people hide these thoughts that this administration would be bad for business?


I mean much less now than We used to? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, look, You know, Elon really broke a lot of, Elon did two things that really opened a lot of this up. One is he, he bought Twitter, which really gave us a place to talk about this stuff. All of us. But then also he, he himself, of course started to actually express himself. And so he gave a lot of the rest of us permission structure Yeah. To be able to say these things and then look it, it's, You know, it's like a cascade where people are like, okay, apparently you can now talk about things. Okay. I have some things to say. Yeah. Well, And then look also just, they went too far. They tightened the screws. I mean they, they, they really came at us hard. And so, You know, and the harder they come at us, like we didn't predict when Biden won. Like we didn't think it would have negative effects in our business. We thought, yeah, probably taxes will go up, but like, we'll just keep doing business.


But then they did all these things. Right. And it took a couple years to figure out that this was not like a temporary thing. Like this was like a concerted campaign and that they were really coming forth. What agency specifically is involved in doing that? Oh, I, I mean it's, they have alphabet soup, but, but like S-E-C-S-E-C tried to kill crypto very specifically. FTC, You know, was thoroughly weaponized. There's something called the CFTC, which is the other part of the crypto puzzle. Commodities futures. If crypto, there's crypto that's a security. There's some forms of crypto that are security. And the SEC regulates, there's other kinds of crypto that are a commodity that the ccft C regulates is the C, the C-F-P-B-I mentioned earlier. So the, the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau right.


Decided that they were also gonna regulate ai, which They, What which they just volunteered for. And then, You know, the FAA, the FAA killed the drone industry years ago. The, the reason why we don't have the reason why the Chinese are winning in the drone, the drone wars is 'cause the FAA basically made drones illegal in the US years ago. So like the FAA has been a big problem. You know, the, what is it? The f Oh also the FA When you say made drones illegal, but you could still buy drones. Like what, what have they done? So legally you cannot fly a drone in the US that is beyond line of sight if you don't have a pilot's license. Wow. Which means if you're a US drone manufacturer, you have to build a system that enforces that regulation. So you, But if you're a Tiny, have to handicap your ability.


Yes. So either the, either the US drone needs to either not fly beyond line of sight, which is not very useful. Right. Right. Or it needs to somehow validate or only have customers that have pilot, have pilot's licenses China, there's no such restriction. Right. And the Chinese we have, because we run a more open economy, the Chinese drones, you can just buy in the US and use however you want. Technically as the user of the drone, you're outta compliance with the law. But they ignore that part. They just punish the American drone makers. Wow. And that's why, that's why Chinese owned the drone market. And that's why 90% of the drones used by the US military and by US police are Chinese made drones. Which again, That sounds like a terrible security risk. It is a very bad idea because every Chinese drone is both a potential surveillance platform and a potential weapon.


Oh, criminey. Yes. Well I've seen the advancements in Chinese drones in particular the choreographed dances that they do in the sky where they had, did you see the dragon one? Yep. Yeah, exactly. See if you could find that Jamie Chinese Dragon drone display. It's like one of the largest ones they ever did. Yeah. It's unbelievable. Yeah. How much more advanced they are. Yeah. And I will tell you the Biden administration had zero interest in addressing this. Like, or worse than zero. Like just, I would say absolute contempt for the idea of a US drone industry. Yeah. So let's watch this thing. Yeah. So you can go full screen on that. Like this is just a grid in the sky. Yeah. Look at this. They're flying up together.


Yeah, they did one it wasn at night Jamie. 'cause they were all lit up. It's on this video, it's just full. Oh, okay. I can skip Ahead. So imagine those with guns. Jesus Christ Coming at you. Right. Well we get to see some of that in Ukraine. Yeah, a Hundred percent. Absolutely. Yeah. We've seen those suicide drones. Like look at this. That is, that dragon in the sky is drones that are all lit up. I mean that is unbelievable. Yeah. It even has a puff of fire coming out of its mouth. Yeah. That's incredible. If they send that at a football stadium during a game with grenades on those drones. Oh my God. It's carnage. Dude. Don't even put that out there. Don't put that voodoo on me. Ricky Bobby. Sorry. Sorry. Look at that heart in the sky with a heartbeat. Correct. This is insane.


Correct. Yes. It's so incredible. Yes. They had a little one like that that played over the Eminem concert at when I was at Coda. Right. At the circuits of the Americas. Here they had this giant Eminem concerts, like a hundred thousand people there. And then afterwards they had like drones in the sky that did little dances. Chinese Drones. I bet, I bet they were They weren't like this though. They didn't, they didn't, not wasn't at that level. I mean that, that's unbelievable. Enjoy the show while you can. That's crazy. Yeah. That, that's a Chinese thing only. Yeah. Yeah. Look, DOD runs in these soldiers in the field. You you, it's very common. Soldiers. Just soldiers. Normal, normal grunt soldiers in the field carry drones in their backpacks. 'cause they wanna be able to see what's around the building or up in the roof. Yeah. And these are Chinese major drones, Chinese drones.


And every single one of them can be taken over by China and used for whatever they want. Oh my God. Anytime they want Is is the Trump administration on this? They're very, they're aware. I don't know what they'll do. You know, it's, it's somewhere in the priority order of the things that they're dealing, but they're yes, they're well aware of this and Well, I Mean it's it's the kind, it's the kind of thing I would hope that would get, get some attention. Yeah. Yeah. Well this is the, brings us back to the UAP thing. 'cause if that's what we're seeing, we're seeing super sophisticated Chinese drones that operate on some novel propulsion system. Yeah. That's not good. Yeah. And that could be because they put ridiculous reg regulations on drone manufacturers Yeah. In America. Yeah, that's right. And they got way ahead of us. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. We, these are bad, these are bad.


These are bad Path. It's also, you're just opening my eyes to this. I always had this rose colored glasses view of our society, right. Versus the Chinese society. Like our society's more open, right? So people can innovate and come up with new startups and all these crazy ideas because there's so much freedom in America. They don't have to deal with the government being involved in every business. Silly me. Well, silly me, I was wrong. So this is my argument, this is my argument. I make geo geopolitically in dc which is our, if you imagine that the 21st century is gonna be a, let's say a contest between the US and China, the same way that in the 20th century it was the US versus the Soviet Union and like contest competition, cold war, maybe hot war. Yeah. But like that's, that's the, the basic fundamental kind of geopolitical puzzle of the 21st century.


Then you want to think very clearly about the strengths and weaknesses of both yourselves and about the other side. And then as you think about how to beat the other guy is the answer to become more like them or more like yourself. Maxine Waters made that argument when it comes to social digital scores and cryptocurrency and a centralized digital currency. She was talking about that like, in order to compete with China, we have to come up with a centralized digital currency, which, Which in my view is exactly the wrong thing. Yeah, I heard that. I was like, that's a terrible idea. It's exactly the wrong thing. You gotta be like China to compete with China. It's Exactly the wrong thing. It's exactly the wrong thing. You don't want that because, because because as You know, the China system has its problems. Like they, they terrorize their own population directly. They do impose the social credit score stuff, right?


They do. And they, they do all this stuff. And then by the way, the, the here's here's something we have going for us, which is the Chinese system has turned on capitalism. Xi Jinping is not a capitalist. And he, there is a broad base crackdown private business in China to the point a friend of mine invest one of the leading investors in China. And he said every single Chinese tech founder has either left China or wants to leave China. Whoa. And they're all trying to get their money out and they're all trying to get their families out because it's now too dangerous to run a tech company in China. 'cause the government might just snatch you, like literally physically snatch you at any point. Yeah. And you may or may not come back. And then every Chinese CEO has a political officer of the Chinese Communist party sitting down the hall who can come in and override your decisions anytime he wants to. And by the way, and drag you into training.


Oh, It is a great thing. Okay. So you're, you're sitting, you're the CEO of a company with, You know, 50 billion in revenue and a hundred thousand employees and this guy from the CCP comes in and pulls you and you sit in the conference room down the hall for seven hours getting grilled on how well you understand marks. Right. So like that actually happens, right? So political officers, and that's the kind of thing that happened in the Soviet Union. And that's the kind of thing that happens in China. So you'd rather be a CEO in the US than in China for sure. As long as the US system actually stays open where you can actually get all the benefits of all the power of all these incredibly smart people building companies and building products. But, and that's why this administration freaked us out so much, right? Is Because it felt like they were trying to become way more like China. See, I was not nearly as aware as I should have been about the, all these things that you're saying.


I didn't know this. I, I did know that about the banks and I certainly didn't know that they were cracking down on AI the same way they cracked down on social media. The AI thing was very alarming. We had, we had meetings this spring that were the most alarming meetings I've ever been in where they were taking us through their plans And it was, What kind of, can you talk about it basically Just full government, full government control, Like It, this sort of thing. There will be a small number of large companies that will be completely regulated and controlled by the government. They told us, they told us, they just said, don't even start, don't even start startups. Like, don't even bother. Like there's just no way there. There's no way that they can succeed. There's no way that we're gonna permit that to happen. Wow. Yeah. They said, this is already over. It's gonna be two or three companies and we're just gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna control them. And, and that's that, like, this is already finished. Oh my God. Now, now when you leave a meeting like that, what do you do?


You Go endorse Donald Trump. Oh my God. And again, like, I'll just tell you like, You know, look like, because I'm gonna get a lot of, You know, the flack I'm gonna get for this is, You know, he's just a crazy whatever, right. Winger. But like, I was a Democrat. I was like a demo. I was a, I supported Bill Clinton in 92. I supported Clinton in 90 96. I supported Gore, who I knew very well in 2000. I knew John Kerry, I supported him in oh four. I supported Obama. I supported Hillary in 16. Like, I was like a Democrat in good standing. And then Are, are you completely out in the cocktail circuit now? Like, are you allowed to hang out with people? So there's, now, this is actually true, there's now two kinds of dinner parties in Silicon Valley.


They, they fractured, they, they've fractured cleanly in half. There's the ones where every person there believes every single thing it wasn in the New York Times that day. Oh. Which by the way, is often very different than whatever was in the New York Times six months ago. Right. But everybody has fully updated their views for that day, and that's what they talk about at the dinner party. Yeah. And I, I'm no longer invited to those, nor nor do I want to go to them. And then, and then there's the other kind, which is, You know, David Sachs and like all these guys and all, all these people and, You know, just this growing universe, You know, it's, it's a microcosm of what's happening more broadly in the culture, which is like, Hey, let's actually get together and talk about things and have Fun. Right. But it's so much more comforting when it's you guys and not the MyPillow guy. You know what I mean? I was like, no disrespect Mike to the MyPillow guy, but You know what I'm saying?


Like, I want people that are smarter than me to be saying these things. Yeah. That's what helps. Yeah. It helps when you say, well, this person actually knows what they're talking about. They're very well informed. And they understand the repercussions. Yeah. They understand like, what's been coming their way. And there's people like yourself that could speak about these, these, the plans that you're laying out. What they were trying to do with AI is fucking terrifying. Yeah. That should terrify everybody. Yeah. Where you have bureaucrats are now in control of potentially the most, the biggest ancient of change in the history of the human race. Yeah, that's right. Potentially. Yeah. And you're gonna let what the, the people that can't even balance the budget. Yeah. The people that don't know what the fuck is going on. That's, that sounds insane. Yeah. Yeah.


And, and look, my, my hope, my, I think, I think under Clinton and Gore, I think that they, they, they dealt with this very different, I mean, look, they dealt with the internet very differently than, than, than the current crop are dealing with these technologies. Well, It was very different. It was very different. But also they were much more, Clinton and Gore in particular were much more understanding that you could act, you could. So it used to be this thing I called the deal with the capital D. And the deal was you could be, and this is what I was, you could be a tech founder, you could start a private company. You could create a tech product. Everybody loved you. It was great glowing press coverage, the whole thing. You take the company public, it employs a lot of people, creates a lot of jobs. You make a lot of money. At some point you cash out and then you donate all the money to charity and everybody thinks you're a hero. Right. And it is just great. Right? Right. And this is how it ran for a very long time.


And this was the deal. This was, You know, the deal. This was Clinton Gore with a hundred percent support of that. And they were a hundred percent pro capitalism in, in this way, and a hundred percent pro protect. And they actually did a lot to foster this kind of environment. And basically what happened is, the last 15 years or so of Democrats culminating in this administration, basically broke every part of that deal for people in my world. Like every single part of it, wasn shattered, right? Where it just like technology became presumptively evil. Right. And like, You know, if you're a business person, you were presumptively a bad person, and then technology was presumptively had bad effects and.dot do. And then they were gonna regulate you and try to kill you and quash you. And then the kicker was philanthropy became evil. And, and this is a real culture change in the last five years that I hope will reverse now, which is philanthropy now is a dirty word on the left because it's the private person choosing to give away the money as opposed to the government choosing away to give the money.


Ooh. So I'll give you the ultimate case to, here's where I radicalized on this topic. So you'll recall some years back, mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla, You know, have a ton of money in Facebook stock. They created a nonprofit entity called Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, which of which the original mission was to literally cure all disease. And this could be like, You know, $200 billion going to cure all disease. Right? So like big deal, they said they committed to donate 99% of their assets to this, to this new foundation. They got brutally attacked from the left. And the attack was, they're only doing it to save money on taxes. Now, basic mathematics, you don't give away 99% of your money to Save money on Taxes. To save money on taxes. Right.


But it was a vicious attack. It was like a very, very aggressive attack. And, and the, and the fundamental reason for the attack was how dare they treat that money? Like it's their own, how dare they decide where it goes. Instead, tax rates for billionaires should go to 90 something percent. The government should take the money and the government should allocate it. And that would be the morally proper and correct thing to do. What do you think is the root of that kind of thinking? Utopian is a utopian collectivism. You know, it's the, it's the Socialism that works. Socialism. Yeah. It's the, is the, the core idea of socialism. Like the core idea is this, this, this is sort of, It is a radical egalitarianism. Everybody should be exactly the same. All outcomes should be exactly the same. Everything should be completely fair at all times. And some root of it has to be an envy.


Of Course. Yeah. Envy resentment. Yes. Nietzsche had this great term, they called sentiment, and it's like turbocharged resentment. And so the way he described it's re sentiment is envy, resentment and bitterness that is so intense that it causes an inversion of values. Ooh. And the things that used to be good become bad and the things that used to be bad become good. Ooh. Right. And that's how you Philanthropy becomes bad. Philanthropy becomes bad Because it should be the state operating on behalf of the people as a whole who are handing out the money, not the individual. I was not aware of that blow back. I would've loved to read some of those comments. Yeah. Could, I wouldn't like to go to their page and see what else they comment on. Oh, I'll give you another example. Here's another radicalizing moment for me.


Okay. So it, my friend Sheryl Sandberg, who I worked with very closely for a long time at Facebook, You know, and by the way, Democrat, You know, liberal by the way, endorsed Kamala, like very much not on the same page as me on these things. She actually worked in the Clinton administration, You know, died in the world. Democrats, she wrote this book called Lean In about 12 years ago. It's this sort of feminist manifesto. And, and, And it basically said, Lean in is what you Said saying lean, lean in, lean in. And the thesis of lean in was that women in their lives and careers could quote unquote lean in. She said what she observed in a lot of meetings was the men were leaning in to the table and sitting like in front. And then the women were like leaning back and waiting to be called on. Mm. And she said the women should lean in. It became a metaphor for her, for women should like, lean in on their careers. They should like aggressively advocate for themselves to get like raises and promotions.


They should, like men do, they like men do. They should basically, women should basically become more aggressive in the workplace. And, and then therefore, You know, perform better. And So it was Like, It was a manifest of women basically saying, be more confident, be more assertive, be more aggressive, be more successful. And I, I read the draft of the book when she was writing it. And I, I said, well, You know, you realize you've written a right wing manifesto. Right, right, right, right. And, and she, and she looks at me like, I've lost my mind. Right. Because she's a lifelong, lifelong left. And she's like, what do you mean? And I'm like, you, this book is a statement that women have agency. Right. This book is a statement that the things that women choose to do will lead to better results. That's what people believe on the right, on the left. What people believe is that women are only always and ever victims. Wow. And then if a woman doesn't succeed in a career, it's because she's being discriminated against.


And So I said, I said, I predicted when this book comes out, the right wingers are gonna think it's great and you're gonna get it. Like the left is gonna come at you 'cause you're, you're violating the fundamental principle of of of, of the left, which is anybody who does less well is a victim. Which in that case is, is exactly what happened. The, by the way, the reviews were all by women. And they tore into her, like in every major publication, they just like completely ripped her. Wow. And they're like, how dare this rich entitled woman be telling us, You know, these would be telling women that they're not victims and that they're, You know, that they have all this agency. 'cause every, this is denial of sexism. Right. Is denial of oppression. Wow. 'cause imagine if a man wrote a book like that for men. Right. Well that's patriarchy. Right. That's, You know, that would Be Well, but I mean that would be, but men wouldn't attack it.


Oh, Right. Exactly. Right. It would be a guidebook. Yeah, that's right. This is how you kick ass and get ahead. Yeah. Well you call it self-help. Lean In, bro. Lean in, just call it. Exactly. Right. Just call it lean in, bro. Exactly. Right. Wow. That's crazy that she got attacked for that. So again, it's this in, it's, it's the inion it's the sentiment, it's the inversion, which is like advocating on your own behalf and choosing to do things that make you worse. What Was her reaction to that blow Book? She, I would say she was, I don't wanna speak for her, but she was not, not pleased. I mean, she was, But also, was she shocked, horrified that you're correct. Did you have a, a follow up conversation with her? What did, what she say? We talked about it a lot. Like, God dammit, mark. How'd you see that one coming? So she was in the, but the answer is she w her, her worldview of how these things worked was from a different, it was from the Clinton Gore era.


Right. In which you could, in which you could say, talk like that. That you could talk like that. Yes. And by the time the book came out, it was already into the second Obama term heading it. Right. And it, and then the woke, the woke stuff started. And then at that point you could no longer say things like that. Wow. And everything got classified through this very hard-edged Right. Us versus them. Right. Oppressor versus oppressed, You know, kind of mindset. And so it's Such a, it's such a contrast to what we hoped would happen when Obama would be president. That's right. My thought was, okay, look, there's still some racism, but clearly if you are the baddest motherfucker, you can get ahead. Like you could win, the country will vote for you. That's not what happened. Yep. No. And you can win again. You Win twice. You win twice.


And, And be like, I've always said up until I, I've lost a lot of respect for him from some of the things that he said during this election cycle, because I think they got desperate and they just resorted to actual lies. Right. And I thought, this is crazy to see him lying, especially the very fine people hoax. Right. And we played the video back and forth of what Obama said, he said, and what he actually said. And it's pretty shocking. 'cause he is very explicit. You know, he's saying not white nationalists, not neo-Nazis. They should be condemned. He says that very clearly. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about people who are protesting the taking down of this statue. Right. And when you see a guy like Obama do that, it's such a bummer because he was the guy for me, it wasn like our best spokesman.


He was like, here's a guy that came from a single family, a single parent household. He wasn't some rich entitled kid who was given everything in life. He's this brilliant speaker. He, he's like, he's handsome. He represents like what we're hoping for. Yeah. We're hoping for a colorblind society that just treats people on the merit of who they are and anyone can achieve. And look, here he is. Yep. He made it. He made it. And then all of a sudden, identity politics goes through the fucking roof and victim mentality becomes a thing that people choose to side with. And it, it just gets real weird for a long time. Yeah, That's right. That's right. And look, like I said, I hope they can find their way back. So, but this lady's still on team Kamala. Oh Yeah. She, She's, she got a few lessons out of that, but not all of 'em.


Well, No, this is the, if you're, You know, if you've been a lifelong Democrat, this is a, if you've been a lifelong Democrat, and if that's, You know, if, if that is in this quarter a lot of people's value systems, then it's, it's a real challenge. You Know? Oh yeah. It's my parents. When your movement, They're all in, Goes in directions. Well, yeah. And there's, You know, right. And you can choose. You, you can choose to follow, you can choose to follow into the, You know, the craziest version of it. Or you can choose to say, You know what, like, I'm still not gonna switch sides, but at least I'm gonna advocate Right. For my team to come back. Yes. This is Richie Torres. No, this guy is a congressman in, in, in Queens I think, or the Bronx. And he is actually, he actually started out, everybody thought he was gonna be a far leftie 'cause he is gay, he's black, he's Latino. He was like, he was like at least associated with the squad early on. And he's like, one of the guys at the Democratic party who has now stood up.


And he, he's been doing this in public for the last two weeks, saying clearly we have to get back to sense. Like we, we have to get back to common sense. We have to get back to moderation. Yeah. We have to, we have to have law enforcement, we have to have, You know, we can't have crime in the streets. We have to have a border. You know, we, we have to, we have to get, we, the Democrats have to get back to moderation in a sense. And so he, he's hoping to lead the party. That's great. After that. And I think he's, we support him. And I think he's like a really, I think he's a very impressive guy. So there, there are people like, and he's young and very energetic and You know, he, he, I think he has a, You know, very bright future. But that's the kind of person who could lead the party back. Well the big nietzschean shift was when Dick Cheney endorsed Kamala and everybody cheered. If there's not a better example than that, please tell me what it is. 'cause that one was fucking nuts.


Like Dick Cheney was always the hard Right. Right. Like during the Bush administration, all the lefties looked at him like it wasn Satan. Yeah, that's right. He was the profiteer. That's right. He was the, the manipulator. He was the guy pulling the strings. Yep. Temper. He was the CEO of Hal Burton. That's right. That came, the whole thing was so crazy. And to see, oh, Dick Cheney just endorsed Kamala. And everybody's like, yay. Look, Dick Cheney's aren't our side. Like, what the fuck are you guys talking about? This is, this is the best shift of it. Right? Yeah. That's right. That's right. That's right. All of us. Right. All of a sudden we're all, all of a sudden we we're all neocons all of a sudden, as you said, all of a sudden we're pro-war, who it's like, wait, wait. You know? 'cause like as You know, like the Democrat, You know, the Yeah.


The Democrats used to be the anti-war party. Yes. They were the anti-war party for a very long time. Yes. Yes. And yeah, it, Except back when they were trying to keep slavery in act, that's part of the problem. It wasn a different, people don't realize that it Wasn a different era, but Yeah. You know, like coming out of Vietnam, they were definitely the anti-war party for like, You know, 30 Years. But isn't that a shift as well? Yeah, it was. But the shift of the Republicans from back in the day being Abraham Lincoln Yeah. And that trying to get rid of slavery. Right. And the Democrats fighting to keep it. Yeah. Like there's these weird ideological swings. They happen and, You know, we are still attached to the idea of being a Democrat is like being a Clinton Democrat. Right. We're, we're in this weird sort of denial of what the ideology actually stands for versus how we think of ourselves.


Right. When we say I'm a democrat. Right. I I'm a good person. Yeah. You know, I I support civil rights, women's rights, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Down the line, I'm a Democrat. Right. And if you go against that, well now you're against all these things that You know, to be inherently important for society. Yeah, that's right. They got you. Yeah, that's right. They got, yeah. They rope into some crazy thing where support war, and then there's the big faction. Right. There's the big free Palestine versus support Israel. Yeah. 'cause the left always supported Israel. Yeah, A hundred Percent. And then all of a sudden there's this free Palestine movement which divides the left even further. Yeah. There's this book, there was a book written some, some years back by this guy Norman Patitz. And the, that's why are Jews liberal.


Right. He was a Right winging J he was rightwing Jew. Very important Jewish thinker. American Jewish thinker of like in the sixties, seventies, eighties. And he's like, he basically is Like, It basically he, he had this thesis that like these Jewish liberal voters in the US like basically are voting against, ultimately they're voting for the wrong team. Because what they don't understand basically is that this is sort of a path number one to antisemitism, which is what's happened. But number two, the, the, basically you're never gonna have long term support for Israel from the left. 'cause Israel, the basic concept of Israel violates the, You know, the idea that Israel is like literally a religious ethnostate. Right. And that's like inherently a right wing idea, not a left-wing idea. Like the left doesn't have room for that. And a military superpower And a military Right. And, and is able to Right. Is able to, right. Yeah. Is Able to, And it is run by a former special forces operator.


Very yes. Very yes. A very capable yes. Very capable soldier in his day. Yeah. He's a fucking assassin. Exactly. Yeah. And so, You know, he argued, I was like, whatever, 20 years ago. He's like, this is headed in the wrong direction. And, but You know, the argument was ignored at the time. And then, You know, at least a lot of my Jewish friends after October 7th, You know, they were completely horrified, You know, to find out, for example, the DEI was actually anti-Jewish. Right. Which is what everybody learned with the scandals at the universities. Right. Right. And it's like, You know, and there's two ways of looking at that. One is, oh my God, the DEI is anti-Jewish, therefore we need to add, choose to the DEI scorecard. Right. Well, what were the other, we saw the, the heads of Harvard and was it, am I what was it Yale? No, it was Harvard. MIT and Columbia.


Yeah, It wasn. Yeah, That's right. It wasn just so in everyone's face. And so bananas. Well, and then we saw that. Yeah. Right. Exactly. And then what we saw is that this, the same sort of radicalized left, had actually slid into not just antisemitism and not just anti-Israel, but also pro, I mean ultimately pro terrorist, pro Hamas. Yeah. You know, the, the new acronym, right. L-L-G-B-T-H. Ooh. Right. But there's a bunch of other stuff in there now. There's q there's two-spirit. I Know. But you gotta get, gotta get H in there now for Hamas. Oh boy. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Of course, of course. And so, so like yeah. I, I bring it, I bring it up just as an not to take a position, just to, as an example of it's the kind of realignment. Yeah. A lot of Jewish Americans now are, are having to kind of rethink fundamental questions about political structure and alliances and who, who they should be part of and who they shouldn't be part of.


So I, I, I think to your point, I think like the whole country is going through, I think we're going through the first like profound political realignment probably since the 1960s. Yeah. Which, which is when, which is when everything shifted, You know, between Johnson and Nixon in the South. I think we're going through like the most profound version of that right now. And I think it's, it's something like the multi-ethnic working class coalition, You know, that came together around Trump, You know, basically, again, against this sort of super exaggerated elite plus underclass, You know, kind of structure that the Democrats have built for themselves. And it just, I think it's just, And it just turns out there's just a lot more people in the middle. Mm. And So, I think, but, but, but by the way, including like a lot of, a lot of black people, a lot of black people, You know, black vote for Trump is way up. Hispanic vote for Trump is way up. Right.


Youth vote for Trump is way up, way up. Gay vote is like all of the Yes. All of the identity groups that Democrats relied on all these years are union vote is is for Trump. I'm sure you've seen the de the map, the electoral map of California. Yeah. 2024 and 2020. Yes. In contrast, it's a crazy red wave. It's going through across the whole, the most of the state is red. Now Those of us on the coast are gonna get pushed into the ocean. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I think, You know, maybe the other way we were talking about the hopeful way Right. That the Democrats will wake up Yeah. And come up with a more reasonable, well, I mean there's obviously clear cultural pushback, lot of these crazier, crazier issues Yeah. Include, I mean like the giant pushback from women about biological men competing against women.


I mean, this is a giant one where women are like, listen, we created Title IX for a reason. Like we, we want women's sports to be for women. You, you can't have 'em for mentally ill Men that think that they can be able to just decide they're a woman and compete against women, which is what it is in a lot of places. You don't even have to get tested. There's not like some sort of a hormone protocol. It's just like, it's just what your identity is. Right. Which is just nuts. Yeah. And that's one of the things that I think a lot of people on the left are having a really hard time justifying. Yeah. Right. Because how, how can you, how can you deny a victim group? Right. Right. You can, you can't. I mean, in the, in the full version of that, in the extreme version of ideology, you cannot deny any, you cannot deny a victim claim. What also comes with this weird caveat where you have to deny the existence of perverts.


Right. Because a pervert, all they have to do is say, I identify as a woman, throw in a wig, and now you can go hang around in the women's room and no one can say anything. Well, you've, you've emboldened empowered one of the, the worst groups in society that we've always protected women from. Yeah. And you have to pretend they don't exist. If you just want to base it solely on identity. Yeah. Especially like a, a self-described identity. Right. You just decide and then that's it. Right. And You know, I mean, there's states that have that now with prisoners that all prisoner has to do is identify with being a woman. And you are now housed in women's prisons. Yep. California has 47 of them when the last time I looked at it.


Yeah. And there's hundreds that are waiting on like a waiting list to try to get in. So you have women who, You know, especially if you're someone who's dealing with, if you've ever been raped or sexually abused. Right. And now you have to share space with a man who might be a fucking pervert. Yeah. And some of these men even have some crimes that are along those lines that they're in jail for. Yeah. It's crazy. I mean, Canada's the worst at it. Yeah. There's a bunch of different examples of these type of people getting into female prisons. Yeah. And it's just, it's insanity. Yeah. And I think the left re rejects that too, for the most part. There's the sensible version of the left that is like, Hey, yeah, I'm pro gay rights.


Yeah. I'm pro women's rights. I'm proc whites, I'm pro-choice, I'm pro this, I'm anti-war up. But also, you can't let psychos just put on a fucking dress and hang out in women's rooms just because we wanna be kind. Right. Like, that's nuts. Yeah. So there has to be some. Yeah. And then there's legitimate trans women. So like how do you make the distinct Well, clearly we have to have a fucking conversation. Yeah. And if you don't allow that conversation to take place, like if you go to Blue Sky and you type in, there are only two genders. You're banned. Yeah. You're new Right There. People have it, there's a bunch of people who have done it. It's fun. Yeah. It's fun. They have like, they created a little sock puppet cow and they, they say some shit That should have been a reasonable thing to say just 20 years ago. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you make me hopeful, mark.


Good. You do good. You do Because you, you lay things out in like a, a really well thought out way that is not hyperbolic. And you're, you're, you're making a lot of sense. So I'm glad we talked to you. I feel better. Good. Fantastic. I think the world does too. I really do. I mean, I've talked to a lot of people, even people that are Democrats, I say I feel better that Trump won it Every day. It feels better. It's just like the, the And it, You know, So it feels like just things are opening up. It's Really, it's the Obama campaign. It's hope and change. Yeah. Hope and change. Never it's hope. Be changey. This is kind of actually hope and change. Yeah. This is actually it. Yeah. It feels like oxygen returning. Yes. Yeah. Well, thank you very much, mark. I really appreciate you tell everybody there's substack how to find you on social media.


Oh, I'm on, I'm on. I'm on X under P mark. K I'm on Substack. Google me. Alright. Ask perplexity. Alright. Ask chat GPT And it will deny that. No, it, it will, it will happily tell you that I exist. At least, I at least last, at least last time I checked. So What about Wikipedia? Yeah. We, We don't know. Yeah. We, we don't know if that, if Catherine is still running. Always a pleasure. Mark. Thank you very much.