
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Yeah. Good to see you, brother. Yeah. How are you, man? Great, great. It was Nice to meet you at F one, and I really loved your episode of Sean Ryan. I fucking love that Dude. Thanks, man. Yeah, Sean is, He's the man. He's Awesome. I Love Sean. I'm so glad there's guys like him doing this, that there's, there's more people like him that are like finding new ways to like, You know, media's, it's so wide open now. Yeah. And it's not, you don't have to get hired by a television station anymore. You could just start your own shit. And Sean's show is fucking great.


Yeah, He's great. Sean's, I love him as a person, so, Yeah. I love him too. He's great. He's an awesome dude. And I loved you on that show, but God damn, man, that show was crazy. Like your childhood was so nuts, dude. Yeah. Hearing about you living in a brothel when you were 12 years old. Yeah. Me, My brother. Fuck. Dude, your whole story was so nuts, man. I was listening to it in the sauna this morning and I was like, oh my God. So I'm there cooking and 195 degrees listening to you struggling. I was in there for half an hour, Which I usually do 20 minutes, But I kept going. I'm Like, It, his life was so fucked up. I feel like I shouldn't bail right now. I should keep listening. I, I feel like, like I'm, but I'm not the only one, You know what I mean? No, I feel like where I was in the Army is full of guys just like that.


A hundred percent. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. And I think in some, well fighters as well, You know, a lot of fighters that I know, like Sean Strickland, a lot of guys I know had fucked up childhoods, and I think it gives you an extra gear. I think when you can get through a childhood like that, you got an extra place that you can go to Yeah. That other dudes can't go to. And in your line of work that comes in very handy. Yeah. I, Well, I think it works like this. I never heard it as an extra gear, but here's the way I always equated it. You know, you're gonna get a beating and it's coming at five o'clock, You know, You know, after dinner you Yeah.


They're gonna be hammered. And this is another argument and fight, and it's a pattern. Right. And You know this as a kid, right. And what happens is you gotta take that beating and then like, put your church clothes on, we're going to church. Ugh. You know what I mean? Yeah. And the truth is, is like, I think my, My brother more than me, but I think my mom actually had him convinced that we were super bad kids. And like, You know, we were, I don't know, a couple years ago, I was like, You know, like, you ever met an actual bad, like four or six or 8-year-old? No. It's how, how they're raised, right? It's all How they're raised. And then it was kind of like, yeah, I think it wasn an eyeopener for him, but Like, It was always our fault.


Well, that's the thing. You can convince kids of almost anything. You can convince them it's their fault. Yeah. You can convince them that they're bad kids and then they feel bad for the rest of their fucking life. They feel like a piece of shit. Yeah. There's a lot of people out there that didn't do anything wrong. They're just raised by shithead and for their whole life they feel like garbage. Yeah. And they don't know why. Yeah. I, I agree. It's so hard to snap out of that too. And it, it takes something for you to do that makes you feel valuable and worthwhile. Like you, you have to kinda like relearn who you are as a person. Yeah. And some people never do. Yeah. And then they, You know, find meth or heroin or something that takes the edge away. Yeah. And it can just exist. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you, it wasn the army for me.


Like, the first time I ever felt like, like I fit in or I was with people like me Right. Was when I was, You know, in Ranger battalion. Yeah. I, I think fighting is the same way. A lot of those guys, the only time they ever feel normal is when they're in a gym with a bunch of other savages. Yeah. It's Like It guys who wanna do that for a living, You know, generally something fucking terribly wrong happened when you were young. Yeah. That put this anger, this monster inside of you. Well, I tell you though, I tell people all the time, jujitsu's my sanity. Yeah. Jiujitsu iss meditation, man. Because if you are doing jiujitsu, you can't be thinking about anything else.


Right. So it cleans your mind up. You know, we were talking about bow hunting. Yeah. I think that's the same thing, I think in a different way. It's just when you're doing that, it's so difficult. You can't think about anything else. Right. I, I love when I'm, I don't even care if I get or see an elk today, the places I go to get these elk. Right. I could just sit there all day anyway. I know it's, You know what I mean? The fact that like, one of these majestic beasts is gonna walk 20 yards from me, fucking bonus. You know what I mean? Like, I just, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, and I feel the same about juujitsu. You know, like, I, I always like in Juujitsu, when someone does like what you call high level juujitsu to me as it's happening, like couldn't, I don't care if you're smashing my fucking face.


It wasn amazing. Are you kidding me? Like, let's take a moment here. You Know what I mean? It's amazing that someone can do that. Yeah. You know, I remember when I was first starting jujitsu, I was like 30 years old and I thought I was a badass. I had kickbox, I had won a bunch of TaeKwonDo tournaments. I thought I knew how to fight. And I remember one day when I was a white belt, this purple belt just raped Me. I mean, he was my size. This was what drove me crazy. He wasn't bigger than me. And he just destroyed me. Just destroyed, just did whatever he wanted. Triangled me arm, barred me, choked me. And I remember walking outta there going, I can't, first of all, what a like shift of like who you are in the world, knowing that someone can just do that to you.


Not a bigger guy. Like someone your size can just, you're helpless. And then I remember thinking, I gotta get good at this. Like that, having that as a skill that's like one of the greatest things you could ever have. Like, 'cause that's what martial arts was supposed to be when we were kids like that. The smaller person could beat the larger person just with technique. Correct. Until Horse Gracie came along, you never really saw that. Right. The bigger guys always won. Right. And then Ho Gracie, all of a sudden he's killing people from his back and we're like, what is going on? Yeah. Yeah. This Is crazy. He's losing. He's not losing. All of a sudden he's like, Ugh. Some, He's strangling some guy with his legs. We're like, what the fuck is this? Yeah, I agree.


I agree. I tell you, I met hoist, like we, You know, in the early days we'd bring hoist and Horian was actually the first Gracie I met before Hoist. Right. But we'd bring hoist in and like watching these guys, like, You know, we get like 60 guys up on the mat and this is hard to do. And this is a lot of guys because it's hoist, You know, and he would run through every dude. Yeah. Every dude. And it was like, not, like, not Like It was a close match. It was like whatever dude from the Defo stepped in front of him was the 12-year-old child against the fucking an adult. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, he just fucking handled everybody.


And I remember one of those times he just fucking, I did something and he cinched down on me like a spider and I couldn't fucking move. And he goes, yes, I did not think of this. This is good move. And I was like, I don't even know what the fuck I'm doing. Like, You know what I mean? I, I wasn't even a white belt yet. It was just, he was just fucking me up, You know? But I knew like right then and there I was fucking helpless. Yeah. It's A weird Feeling. And like, and like yo, unacceptable. You know what I mean? Unacceptable is the right word. Right. Unacceptable. That's the Right word. Yeah. Like you gotta learn this, You gotta know some of it. You know what I mean? And even back then, like we would all tell Hoist, You know, 'cause we were more Muay Hai, we would train a lot of Muay Hai boxing. Right.


Wrestling. A lot of wrestling, You know, before the Jits. And like we would tell Hoist back then, as soon as you learn the punch, you are super dangerous. Which is I think where it is now. Yeah. Well I think wrestling is kind of, there's like so many elite wrestlers now that have learned submissions and that extra skill of being able to throw bodies around is another level. I agree. Because wrestlers can learn Juujitsu pretty easy. Yeah. An elite wrestler. You take a guy like a bow nickel or a Daniel Cormier teach him Juujitsu, they're gonna, Hamza Chamiah is the best example of that. Yeah. You gonna, you teach a guy like that submissions, he already knows how to ragdoll people.


So he has this ability to take everybody down and then on top of that, he's gonna break your neck. Like he, it's like that extra, I think wrestling is like the foundation. Yeah. That's the one thing. Because then you can dictate whether to fight.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin. And it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all forgetting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks US-based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals. With LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply


goes to the ground or stays up, You know? Yes. And then once you learn submissions, which is pretty easy for a wrestler to learn. Yeah. It's pretty similar. It's the same sport I used to wrestle and it's like the cradle for the pin versus an arm bar. Right. In My opinion. Sure. Dart jokes, all these different things come from similar positions. But then standup, You know, you have to have standup today because every have to, I think, You know, I've been talking about this a lot. I don't think, I think what, when you have a fight and there's five rounds, let's say you have a fight. If a guy's mounted on top of a guy at the end of the first round, I think the second round should start with that guy mounted on top of you. Yeah. I don't think they should start standing up. 'cause it doesn't make any sense.


Like, you didn't earn that standup. Yeah. That guy took you down. He got on top of you, he's mounted on you, you're about to get fucked up and then all of a sudden you have a reprieve from the governor. Yeah. Reset. Reset. 'cause the round is over. Yeah. And now you're standing up again. And if you're a striker, that's your world. But you didn't earn that position. Right. It's one fight. It's not five fights, it's one fight. Right. So why should you have a beginning of every round where you're standing up? Yeah, I agree. I agree with That. If I could change the rules, that's the first rule that I would change. I would say you whatever position you were in at the end of the round, that's where you start. I completely agree with that. And I always feel like that it just fucks shit up. Yeah. You know what I mean? And then, You know this doing juujitsu is like seconds matter.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And this fight could turn around in seconds, but those seconds can't happen if we stop this early. A hundred percent. Yeah. I Agree with that. Well, the early days were wild. Right. Because there was no time limit That hey, that's what I watched the early days is my heyday. Like I could not get enough. I was, You know, fight dummy for hoist for soccer. Rob, who else? Oh, hoist. So, okay. I'll tell you a quick story about hoist. He, he comes out, we're doing Jits with him. And I'm a new guy, so I'm like, Hey, you could share my Wall Locker. Right? And you got a Wall Locker and you got like your towel 'cause the shower's down the hallway, You know what I mean? Like have my clothes.


Right. And then so hoist put his family pictures and I didn't notice this, but they slowly did this. Him and my team retagged everything with like my last name and team numbers with hoist. Right. So they retagged all my gear as hoist. Right. They, the hoist put his kids' pictures up over mine. Right. And one day I'm in the, I'm in my locker, like, is this my locker? Like, what the fuck, what the fuck is going on? And I'm like, whose kids are these? Like, and then hoist is like, You know, yes, you like my kids? And I'm like, oh, those are your kids. Like, nah, this cool. Right? Like years later I'm in Iraq and I'm like, I gotta go for like one of these surges into Fallujah with another squadron.


And like their op star major calls me by name and it's like, I've been in Iraq like 30 seconds. These guys are calling me by name. Like, what the fuck? You know? And then he was like, we're getting your stuff. It's on, it's on the helicopter. You need to get on this little bird. We're leaving like 20 minutes. And literally I got on a little bird, they bring my kid over, I get my shit on right? And they're like, yo, whose shit is, Hey Royce, is there a Royce Royce? You know what I mean? And then like my bag is one, it's fucking still tagged with Royce's name. That's hilarious. Like years Later. Yeah. That's hilarious. Yeah. So you started training martial arts in when you were in the military? In the unit. Yeah. In the unit.


Yeah. So did they have like, was it like technical training? Yeah. Did they teach you, did you, did they have like real instructors? Yeah. Or was, how does it work? Yeah. So in training, when you kind of make it to the unit, there's a hand to hand program. A lot of the hand to hand program is like traditionally like you gotta cuff people, You know what I mean? Like, which is all Japanese wrist locks, which is a foundation for a lot of shit. Right. But You know, you learn that stuff like how if you have a weapon, how to like approach somebody if they grab your weapon, what to do. So it was all like a weapon focused, like more like self-defense. But I think back then, in my day right, in the nineties, it was still, bro come at me like this.


You know what I mean? And you're like, why the fuck would I stand like this ever? Like, what the fuck was I doing that got me here? You know what I mean? Right. Like, So it was always some, back then there was a lot of hocus pocus. So we kind of had our own training program. And then as my years, the training program got better because we started getting hoist. We started groundfighting. You know, I think the, the premise for everything they taught in my day when I was a student was like, You know, weapons retention, Japanese wrist lock to get someone cuffed, You know, two man cuffing procedures searching and then like how to defend yourself if someone grabbed your weapon or if you went to the ground.


Right. Right. Which is all stuff you have to know. Right. But there wasn't a lot of like just one-on-one. No, no. It's like, You know, you're in the, you're in the gym. They roll out the wrestling mat and it's like, okay, come at the guy. Like with your rifle, You know, You know a bunch of fucking white belts, basically like out there, fucking around basically. Does it, was it like, was there a system, like a training system? Yeah. Was there like a A Yeah, there was a, there was a system back then. And the system was really, I, I think kind of four things without really knowing what they did back then. I went through the training, but I don't really know what the hand the hand was back then until later when I was like in the hand to hand program or fighting with guys.


You know what I mean? But I would say this, back then, I'd say it was wrestling, it was Muay Hai. Right. It was a little bit of Japanese wrist locks and some Filipino martial arts. Oh, like Collie Collie? Yeah. We had guys that would do the sticks. I know a little bit of the sticks, You know, like first time I got smack 37 fucking times around the head was another guy. You know, this guy with his sticks. It was like, what the fuck was that? Like how do these sticks move so fucking fast? You know? Dudes Are good with that. Are very impressive. Yeah. Super impressive. So I think it wasn really the foundation. Like, and You know, maybe like some, I don't know, like dirty boxing, I would kind of imagine, You know what I mean?


Like clenching and punching the clench. Yeah. Clenching, punching, stuff like that. Did, how did the Filipinos develop that stick fighting? Like, where'd that come from? I know, man, I got Weird. Where do like, one culture's known for their stick fighting. Yeah. Yeah. Kinda of odd. Yeah. Right. But I, I love all that, that the stick fighting, what do they call it? Pon token or whatever the dirty boxing, they do like all very, make your opponent off balance at the same time you can strike. Or if they are trying to strike you, knock them off. Balance, stuff Like that. I'm just, I've always been so fascinated how different cultures have a completely different approach to fighting. Like the ties figured out the best way to fight standup.


Yeah. Kick the shit outta the legs. Yeah. Fucking kick his leg. Elbow The fuck outta people in the clinch. Yeah. Plum knees. Yeah. The c Clinch knees to the body, knees to the face. They figured out striking in a way that nobody else had. It's weird that they did it. Yeah. And I think it's just 'cause of the competition all the time. And the betting. Yeah. Yeah. Because like, they were fighting so often and they had so much money on the line for fighting that they developed a very pragmatic way of fight. 'cause they were fighting all the time. Yeah. As opposed to like karate or any of these other things. I don't think they were really fighting as much. Well, We don't, I mean, think about America, like prior to Mike Tyson boxing was kind of like Americans.


If they would've seen like s and Gracie, You know, if s and Gracie would've been popular in like the seventies or sixties, people've been like, well that's not civilized fighting. You know what I mean? Right, right. Like, Get your dukes up. This has gotta be fair. You know what I mean? Americans have a, a very fair sense of what fighting should be like. Americans hate like dirty fighting, but You know, all the, all Muay Hai and, and the Kaly and all that, they, it wasn all seen, You know, those guys would come from Asia, fight around the states here, fucking kick everyone's ass. And people still weren't attracted to it. Did you ever see there's one fight that's like one of the most important fights in kickboxing, where Rick Rufuss, who was like the king of American style kickboxing, like above the waist kickboxing, fought this tie guy, I forget how I can't pronounce the guy's name correctly So I don't wanna butcher it.


But this, and Rick Rufuss was fucking him up in the beginning. He dropped him, he had him in real trouble. Rick Rufuss was really good. But this dude just kept chopping at the legs, chopping at the legs. And by the end of the fight, Rick's in a heap on the ground. And his own brother, duke Rufuss, who became a world moay Thai champion himself later and became one of the best trainers in MMA. This is, so this is the fight. What happened? Oh, show his Name. Oh, that's how his name. Oh, alright. Good luck saying that one. Yeah, Yeah. But oh, this is not, this is a different, this is like a compilation of a bunch of different people fighting. That's not, I thought it wasn it. Right? This is it. The fight that changed kickboxing.


So this, this fight. Well this isn't it. This is a bunch of other shit. Go, go into the fight itself. That's fucking Shit. No, just go, just forward. Chuck Norris know I've seen Chuck in there. Chuck Was legit. Chuck was was legit. Very legit. So this is the fight. So in the beginning, Rick Rufuss, who's like this above the way kicks, he dropped someone in the left hand. Rick was really fucking good, man. He was really good. But they just didn't know anything about the leg kicks. And after the fight, like his brother Duke was like, well, I don't think there's any skill involved in kicking the legs. And he was saying that, look, he drops 'em again. So he dropped him two times, looked like Rick is fucking him up. But this tie guy just, he's probably had 200 fights. Yeah. And he just keeps kicking at the legs. And after a while Rick's legs are just dead.


I mean, the tie guy's getting lit up. But Rick became an unbelievable leg kicker himself after this. Yeah. But no one knew. They just, they just didn't know. So as the fight goes on, I mean, this is like a huge like challenge match. See look, he drops him with his leg kick after a while. Rick just can't move anymore. Yeah. And this dude, I don't want, he ain't even running away. Well, No, he's, his legs are dead right now. Yeah. And he's just getting, every time this tie's kicking him, he can barely walk. And at the end of the fight he winds up in a heap because he just doesn't know. Yeah. You know, he doesn't know yet. And he's getting dumped to like, look at these fucking low kicks, devastating, low kicks.


And at the end of the fight he's just in a heap on the ground. Yeah. His kick had no power there. But the thing is like Rick was really fucking good back in the day. So when you, that, that didn't show the end of the fight. But at the end of the fight, he just, he brutalized him with just low kicks. The ties had figured something out that nobody had figured out. And it's kind of shocking that this one area of the world, like this one small island Yeah. That they figured it out. Yeah. It's kind of crazy. They love it. Yeah. I, I love it too. It's just, and then Brazilian jiujitsu, right? Yeah. Yeah. Until, You know, ADA comes to Brazil in like the 1930s or some shit, whatever it wasn, whenever it wasn and then they go, the Brazilians are like, huh, I think we can fix this.


Yeah. Then they start like, You know, because Ilio was a small guy and Helio is like going, well, what about if we just did it this way and fought with leverage and just instead of using strength, we used technique and changed everything. Yeah. Changed martial arts forever. Yeah. I love it. It's wild. I love all it. It's wild. Yeah. I'll tell you that leg kick is my go-to in Iraq and Afghanistan. You know what I mean? Like, I get about this far from you. This is good distance for me. You can't grab my weapons. But what I would do is I'd throw the tie leg kick, but I wouldn't aim for the middle of the thigh. I don't care about your pain. I'd hit your knee and either it's gonna break your knee or it's gonna knock you outta your little fucking slippers.


And then I'd just stand on your neck. Yeah. It's, it's one of the most effective things you could do. You take away someone's base. Yeah. And You know, it's a crazy thing about MMA is now we're learning that kicking in the calf is actually even more effective than kicking in the thigh. Fuck yeah. 'cause there's no meat there. Yeah. Fucking hurts. And you slam a shin into that And it, all of a sudden your foot goes floppy And it doesn't work anymore. Your legs useless. It's crazy. And we've figured that out over the last five or six years, which is really nuts. Like Michael Bisping, who was a world champion, told me he went his whole career without ever getting kicked in the calf. Wow. And it wasn like, You know, four, four or five years ago, he was a world champion.


Yeah. Yeah. And went his entire career without getting kicked in the calf. Nuts. It's nuts. It's like, it's constantly changing and evolving. Yeah. Like, people find something that works and they're like, oh, what about this? I love that. It's always evolving too. Well, martial arts have evolved more in the last 30 years than they have in the last 30,000 years. I agree. That's, that's a fact. Yeah. That's a fact. Yeah. And that's kind of shocking. You think about how long people have been fighting. I don't know. You know, I see this, You know, I shoot every day. I teach people to shoot all over the country all the time. Right. And it, it's kind of interesting to me that I don't think it works like that. You know what I mean? Like, you would, you would think people would've been doing this right the whole time.


But there's like a lot of myth involved and, And it gets watered down over time. I think a lot of times shooting, even in shooting. Yeah. Like what are the myths in shooting? Oh, so fucking many man. Really? Like, do we got the time? We got time. I fucking shred this shit. That's the n a's I go to all, I speak at the NRA shows like the NRA hires me. I speak at all the NRA show this year. I actually got roofied in fucking Dallas. What? At the NRA show? Yeah. No shit. Do You know who did it? So it is fucking, this is crazy, right? But okay, I have an assistant, right? I don't know, she's like 30 blonde girl, pretty girl. Her and her husband are, are with me.


And I'm with like the surefire representative. Like, yo, sorry, we got you roofied, by the way. And then like some other guys, right? And we get done with the show and we just go have a drink or two and we're going into like the hotel restaurant to eat a nice steak dinner. You know what I mean? So we get around to drinks And it was like, well, old fashions is what it was. Well old fashioned. And my assistant's, like, I was sitting next to her, she's like, I just can't drink anymore. You know what I mean? Like, these are horrible old fashions. I just can't, I just can't drink these anymore. And it was like, Hey, we'll be at dinner in a minute. They got good booze at the good restaurant, we'll get anything you want. Right? So she's like, okay.


So I was like, here, I'll take it. So I held my cup up and then I kind of held my cup up the surefire guy, her husband, and she kind of fills us all up equally. And so, so somebody was trying to ruby her, her, right? So, yeah, this is in Dallas, right? So, okay, so we go to dinner. I don't know, I get this Wagyu burger, it's fucking delicious. I'm kind of buzzed. I'm drinking good whiskey, You know what I mean? We're having a good time, right? I love good food, right? So I'm having a great time. Her husband's at the end of the table and all of a sudden, and now this is like within 45 minutes of that drink, which I also didn't know, right?


So his head hits the table, boom. And I look at him and I'm like, like, like, is he okay? And then like, Hey, You know how, like, You know them blow up pools where you pull down the side in the water, just kind of, yeah. Glides over the top. Yo his mouth opens And it was just like, whoa. Across the table. You know what I mean? And I was like, I pushed it away from the table, like, So it didn't leak on me. And I was like, we gotta go. You know what I mean? It's time to leave. You know what I mean? I'll get the check by the front door or something. You know what I mean? Right. But it's, we definitely, it's time for it. And you weren't feeling it yet? No, I wasn't. I didn't, I didn't feel anything yet. Right. So, okay.


So it was like, I've never seen this happen to this guy, ever. Right? So he, this isn't him that like, so it's kind of weird, right? So my assistant's like, Hey, I'll take him up to the room. I was like, okay, well we're gonna go have a few more drinks at the bar, right? So me and the other guy go to the bar, she goes up to her room, right? I don't know any of this is happening, but as soon as they get to the room, head of securities knocking on the door. So my assistant answers, and I guess the guy was like, is is there a guy that threw up in the restaurant here? And she's like, he's in the bathtub naked right now. Like, and then the head of security, like, Hey, we watched the tapes, ton of info comes out. Right? So I don't, Don't know who did it.


I think so, but like, and then did it tell you? No, no, no. They, they talked to my assistant and then her husband. Right? Like, so I go down to the bar, right? I put my credit card on the bar and like, I fucking party till all hours of the night. Yo, what did I learn? If you roofy me, like you're gonna wait six hours to get that booty. 'cause once you give me drugs, I wanna party baby. You know what I mean? Like, so I'm out. Like, I don't know what the fuck the, the surefire guy fucking peter's out on me. And I'm probably just in the lobby alone. Like, It s fucked up. I don't know the bike. Do You Know what was in it? Fuck no. Because It was just something, it wasn wasn't necessarily roofie roof and all.


Yeah, I was probably something, I don't know what it was. Yeah. So the next day we check out, right? Show's over, we check out. So my assistant's knocking on my door, right? And I'm a get up early guy. I do my cardio, You know, so I'm normally up early and she's knocking on my door, right? So I answer my door and I'm like thinking the fuck is she doing here so early? Right? Both of 'em, her and her husband. And she's like, You know, I'm glad you're okay. And I'm like, what? You know what I mean? And she's like, what, what? And she looks, she's looking at me, she's like, not you too. And I'm like, me too. What? You know what I mean? I'm kind of foggy, right?


It was like, fucking, it was checkout is, after checkout time, I slept till like fucking one in the afternoon. The next day. I had the worst fucking hangover ever. Like if it wasn, roofies, do the hangover. I understand why people don't do 'em recreationally. You know what I mean? Like, I had the worst fucking hangover. So she's like, Let's, did anybody get tested to find out what it is? No. They had to fly home that afternoon. They got me in my sprinter van. I had to go do a class like somewhere else. I was on the fucking road. So like, she got me, they drove me to breakfast, got me something to eat, kind of sober me up a little bit, right? And then they went to the airport, dropped me off, and I drove somewhere else in Texas.


I was working here. And then, You know, the, the head of security talked to her and her husband called them a couple days later, check on 'em, make sure they were okay. But long story short is we had a round of drinks that none of us ordered come to our table, and they came to our table from the same waitress that we had. You know what I mean? So somehow we got a round of drinks and we even paid for 'em. And when I got the bill, like, I don't know, we had two drinks and we were getting ready to go. And then the, a third one came and I just figured, oh, someone, one of these, someone ordered it. You know what I mean? Right. It'll be fine. And then I just paid for it all. Did not even think of it. And so did the security know who Roofed you?


I think So. I think so. And they didn't tell you? I think they told my assistant. I think they And you didn't ask her? No, I didn't care. Yeah. Oh, I'd want to know. I think it was like a targeted thing where they just fucking rob you. Oh. You know what I'm saying? I like, I don't think, I mean, all right. First and foremost, I think everyone's trying to burgle booty holes this day and age, and you gotta keep your safe. So there's that. Right? But I also think, like, I think it was like, they know all these people are in for these conventions, so they try to drug somebody and just rob 'em. Just fuck it could have just took my outta hage in my wallet. I that, You know what I mean? Fuck it. It wouldn't, there's not a crime handed. Yeah. It happened to a buddy of mine recently.


Oh yeah? Yeah. He met this girl and they go back to his place and then he wakes up the next day and he's robbed. Oh. Stole his Rolex. Stole $25,000 in cash from him. But he got tested and he had, I think it was Xanax, she piled a bunch of Xanax into his drink, and he was just out, didn't know what the fuck happened. Came to the club afterwards. He was like all fucked up. Came to the comedy club. He's a comedian. Hans Kim, shout out to Hans. Hilarious guy. So he's like, something happened, I don't know what happened. We were like, Hey man, go to fucking go get tested right now while it's still in your system. So he goes and gets his hair tested and they, they found that there was roofies in him.


Damn. I Didn't even Know Xanax. You could be tested. Yeah, you could be tested. Yeah. Oh, shit. But you, there's like a time period they, if you test hair Yeah. It'll like last a little longer. Yeah. And I think he laid, waited a day, so they had to test hair, but within a certain time period they could test you and find out what it is. And they said, did you take any Xanax? He's like, no. And like, you have a lot of Xanax in your system. And apparently that's one of the things that they give people to rob 'em. Dang. Does it cause a hangover? I'm sure. Fuck. It's got to. I mean, If You're gonna drug me anything, he's gonna wh you out. You know, drug me. You know, if you're gonna rob me, like, I just wanna say this to the world. If you're gonna fucking rob me, like give me the non hangover shit. You're getting, getting my shit anyway. But what is the non hangover shit? Fuck. I don't know. Whatever that shit is. I don't, You know more about drugs than me.


I, I was in the army. My whole Life exists. I don't think it exists. Damn it, Joe. I Think it's prescription stuff. Or GHB. I know a lot of people give people G hb, I've heard of that. That just gets you, like, you don't know what the fuck's going on. I've heard of that. I've heard of people getting roofed that way. If I was a woman, I'd be fucking terrified to accept a drink from anybody. Fuck Dudes are, I've talked to so many ladies that have had their, their alcohol drugged by someone. Women go to bars, they keep their fucking hand over their drink all the time, even when they're turning around and looking away. Because you just never know. Some guy just drop something in there real quick. Next thing You know, you're going home with him. You don't even know where you are. I had a buddy, he doesn't even drink. Like, someone convinced him to have, have like a glass of wine, small town, North Carolina.


And like the cops pulled him over, like, You know, not far down the road. And he was like, I, I don't know what's going on, but I can't feel my hands. You know what I mean? Like, and he's like, he's just a regular guy, You know? And they brought him back to the station and someone had put, I think it was a little bit of fentanyl or some shit. Jesus, Jesus Christ in the wine. And like, he, he left and he said he felt fine. And he was driving. He said like, I don't feel right, even though, like, he doesn't really, he had one glass of wine. Like, he, he might, he doesn't even drink. You know what? I don't even know why he had a glass of wine. Someone probably talked him into it. You know what I mean? He probably didn't even finish it. But he's like, he, You know, he said he was lucky. He felt lucky. There's some Fucking non-human people out There.


I'm telling you that's one of the things I wanted to talk about today, is like, there's fucking real evil in the world. And in Iraq, where in Afghanistan, you go into these fucked up places where they've been like, I don't know, fucking raping, beheading people. Fucking forever. Tribal shit. Forever, forever, forever. Like there was buildings I didn't even wanna fucking go in. Like, you'd, you'd go and you'd be like, every fucking hair on my body just be standing up. And I'd be at the doorway. I'd be like, I don't even wanna clear this fucking building. You know what I mean? And I don't know fucking why, but I know there's fucking old evil in this world, man. Evil's real. It's fucking real. And if you've never experienced it, you could walk around delusional think, oh, come on. It's real.


It's real. You can feel it. Like when I'm around real evil shit, only two places I felt real evil shit in my life is gettysburg and fucking in Iraq and Afghanistan. Yeah. I, I felt that like I did because I felt evil before. And it like, makes me want to throw up. It hurts my stomach. Like You mean in the area of Gettysburg? Yeah. Yeah. On the battlefield. My stepfather felt the same thing. And he's not woo woo at all. He's like a real straight edge guy. Fuck man. And Then he said, it felt so creepy. I was almost gonna, me and me and my my son were out there ghost hunting. Right? And we were both gonna throw up and I didn't tell him. But like, I had felt that feeling before.


It's crazy That you said that about Gettysburg. 'cause my stepdad's never said anything like that before. And he said, just the feeling it was so sad and creepy and you just wanted to get outta there immediately. Makes me wanna throw up that feeling. I think places have memory. I really believe that. Well, It's EI think his energy, and I don't think it can be created or fucking you, you've talked to science guys, right? Energy don't go away. Right? Well, I think you just don't see it and you can't measure it. So you assume it's not there. But I think that's one of the reasons why when someone gets murdered in a house, they have to tell you about it. Right. They have to. Because like, people, they, they know, like there was JonBenet Ramsey's house when I lived in Boulder. I lived in Boulder for a while. And we, we were looking at houses to buy.


And there was this one house, it wasn like really cheap for the house. I was like, this is a nice fucking house. They had changed the name of the street so they could try to sell this house. Because everybody knew that it was the house that JonBenet Ramsey had been killed in. Oh fuck they, they couldn't fucking sell the house. House. And we were, look, yeah, fuck that house. We were looking at the house on like, Zillow and we're like, oh, this is a beautiful house. Maybe we should go check out this house. And then we found out, we're like, oh, that's why they can't sell it. Like, oh man. Like they changed the name of the street to try to sell this house. It's Fucked up. Yeah. I should have just bulldozed It. They should have bulldozed it. And then what do you do about the ground? It's still there. Fuck. Bring it. You still it? Would you wanna live in a place where they bulldozed a house where a little girl is getting killed?


Fuck that. Not, not even, not even joking about it. No. I don't Wanna live there. No, no one wants to live there. I don't even know what it, what it is now. I mean, I don't think know if anybody ever bought it, but Yeah, I grew up in old houses in the Chicago area, You know what I mean? And like some of them houses were creepy for no reason and some weren't. You know what I'm saying? Like Yeah, Yeah. Well there's something, there's something to that. But Hey, I was, I was in Iraq and I was in one of them like, You know, sse like fucking raped people. Them guys were evil. You went to like their, like their palace, all that kinda shit. All Of 'em. My, yeah. Those guys were, I carried, I carried their bodies off an airplane and had to guard them until they got cleaned up by the Morgan DNA tested, whoa.


Uhuh them fucking guys, them palaces. Like they would pick up like fucking 12 year olds off the street. They didn't give Up. They feed 'em to dogs. B the lions. We found them fucking, so Uday had lions and the lions were, it's not funny, but I mean, it's kind of humorous, but I think it's funny. But the lions were like on the, the army side, the big army side. And they were inside this fence. Right? And then the lions were like just lazy as fuck. Didn't care about no army guys. And then one day I seen a lady and kids walk by and they were just behind chain link. And them fucking lions went nuts. And I knew like only They were feeding them movies and Kids.


Fuck yeah. Fuck yeah. They were fucking evil. Man. I have read so many horrible stories about those guys that they would find a woman who was getting married and they would rape her and then feed her to their dogs. Yeah. Or the fucking carp outside the palaces. You know, them big lakes full of these giant carps. Well going to eat bodies like you ever eat about. Yeah. But, So I was down in one of those one night just 'cause like I could be, and I had my flashlight always been fascinated by ghost hunting, by the way. So I'm down there by myself just exploring, You know what I mean? And like, this fucking door slammed on me. You know what I mean? I was freaked the fuck out and I'm the only one down there.


You know what I mean? Like freaked me the fuck out man. Yeah. And the energy down in those fucking like rape rooms or whatever the, I don't know the fuck you call it. Like they did fucking bad shit there. It's just like, I don't know. Like, It, it it like, you ever ride like a roller coaster And it like turns your, turns your stomach. Yeah. That's how it feels to me in them rooms. I don't know what that is, but it makes me almost want to throw up. And the stronger it is, the more I feel like I'm gonna throw up. But yeah, those guys Were such fucking monsters. It's just so crazy that, that that story repeats itself over and over again. Like the sons of kings Yeah.


That grow up that way. Yeah. Are always like, just super fucking evil. 'cause they have unchecked power from the time they're a child. Yeah. Yeah. I got, I gotta be honest, if I could clone myself and I'd had like a mini me right now, I would abuse him just to make sure he grows up. Right. I would raise him. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, I don't, and I, when I say abuse him, I mean like force Him to work hard. Yeah. Fucking earn his shit his whole fucking life. Yeah. I mean like, You know, I had a guy, like, I had a, I don't know what he was, I was in the Middle East somewhere and I, one of the guys asked me like, our American baby stupid. And I'm like, what? And he's like, are American babies stupid? And I'm like, why?


And he's like, well in America, like there would be a fence at the edge of the cliff so the baby can't go over in my country. Like the baby knows don't go by the cliff. And I'm like, I don't know. Like fuck a fuck. What the fuck? Well, I bet they don't. I bet the babies that don't know Gopuff the cliff and they're, those gene never propagate A gun. Yeah. Yeah. That's the most harsh form of natural selection. Darwinism right there. Yeah. The most harsh form of it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No fucking, I mean, kids that grow up outside lock key kids, like when I was a kid Yeah. You just got same. Got left out of the house by Have fun. And you figure out who's the child molester. Yeah. Yeah. You figure, you figure out who's a creep, who's, what's dangerous.


Go, don't go near the train tracks, can't hear the train until it's too late. Yeah. Stay away from the drunk Because you hear about The kid that gets hit. Yeah. At The liquor store. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I did the same thing. You Learn about danger. Yeah. I tell you my, I lo I got my first key. I was six, I fucking lost it. Like the same day my mom's yelling at me and she's like, You know, what do you got to say for yourself? I was like, I still remember, it's like one of my oldest memories. I was like, I'm six. Yeah. And she was just kinda like, yeah, I'm six. Like yeah, I had it one fucking day. Like I never carried a key in my life. Like of course I'm gonna fuck this up. You know? And she was like, we can't afford all these keys. You know what I mean? Like Right.


But at the same time, like, I'm fucking six. You know? So we ended up having to hide it somewhere and then, You know, 'cause My brother wasn't good at fucking keys either. Like, You know, it's fucked up that I don't want that to happen to my kids. Like I don't want my, I mean my life was nothing like your life, but I was definitely like let loose in the world, You know? Yeah. And not really given any guidance, Ton of, ton of let loose with no guidance. But that's how You make a person like you, like a person. Like you doesn't come from a home that has like Right. You know, you're coddled, you're taken care of. You're always protected. Yeah. Like the only way you make like a legit beast of a man is that that man has to go through a lot of shit through their life.


Yeah. And then they come out on the other end hard. Right. It's the only way. Right. Like you don't, You know, I've never met like a world champion fighter that came from like the happiest of childhoods. Yeah. It's just doesn't exist. Yeah. I don't, a lot of, a lot of unit or special forces or ranger guys. Like I used to call it the fatherless, You know what I mean? And it, it works kind of two ways. Either you had a dad, but he worked and he came home and he passed out and he woke up and he was gone before you got up. And when you got home he was asleep on the couch or already out for the night 'cause he fucking works fucking lot of hours. Or you kind of just didn't have a dad. You know what I mean? Right. Those people make special forces soldiers just like, You know, dad issues for a chick or put her on a pole.


Those same issues in a dude puts him in special forces, I think. Yeah. And I'll take the fatherless all day long. Yeah. You know? Yeah, For sure. Well those are the world champions. I mean, that's Mike Tyson, right? Yeah. You know, he was 13 years old, no family. Yeah. He gets adopted by a guy who's a psychologist, who's, You know, a hypnotist. Yeah. And is a great boxing coach and teaches him to become this elite fighter. And you, I kind of think that you don't become that guy unless you're dealing with all sorts of unspeakable tragedy and horrors. Right. When you're a child. Well, you wouldn't have that kind of focus without that. Right. You wouldn't have that monster inside of you. Right. Like you have to, that monster has to grow Because it needs to be there.


Right? Yeah. Yeah. I would say like, and I don't know what the ratio is, but I would say like one outta every fucking a hundred or 300 is like the fucking high school quarterback who married the fucking prom king. Very rare. Yeah. Like very rare. Very rare. I think I only knew one of those guys. Yeah. You know, You know what I mean? Those guys, I bet if you dig into their childhood, the dad was probably a little abusive. Yeah. Or their mom or Or brother. Yeah. Something, There's another thing, older brothers, it's like you want to find the young brother. Yeah. The young brother's the beast. I'm the little brother. Yeah. That's it. The young brother gets beat up by the older brother and just constantly in battle his whole life. Like so many fighters, the best fighters have like, like Chris Weidman's got a great story like That.


Well, I mean, think about this. If you had to fight your bigger brother off your whole life, you would be good jitsu. Why? Because you understand leverage, you understand patience. Wait for the move. Yeah. Take some punishment, move later. You know the deal. Right. You're Also accustomed to being in battle all the time. Right, right. With your brother. Right. Yeah. Hi was a little brother to holes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Same Thing. Yeah. And Ian, yeah, Hixson is, he's such a unique guy because he was like the first guy that figured out like that physical strength, yoga, all the gymnastic natural stuff that he did. Flexibility, breathing like Yeah. He was like a physical specimen on top of being super technical.


Yeah. So he had like both things. Yeah. He had it all. I think way before people knew Way before Like he, he knew the winning mindset and how to keep that mental edge. Yeah. With all the other things. And the fighting was just something that he grew up to do, I think, in my opinion. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. He had that samurai mindset. Yeah. I'm telling you, I think he, like I talk to a lot of people. I know some legendary guys from the army. Right. When he talks, it's like this weird time vortex. You ever talk to him? Like, oh yeah, seriously? Yeah. Yeah. I've had a couple podcasts with him. Wow. Like, it's incredible.


You know, I went over his house once in like 2000 and him and his, his son and we were watching Coliseum. So Colosseum was like the last time he fought when he fought Fki and we were watching all the different fights. He had a tape of it and we were watching it and he was breaking down all the things that all these guys were doing wrong. It was such a fascinating education. Yeah. He was like, there's too much space. Yeah. This, he had, there's too much space. And he goes, he had this philosophy, Good accent by the way. He goes, we started a neutral point. We started a neutral point. If I get to one, I'm not going back to zero.


I'm going one to two, to three to Checkmate. He goes, I'm not going backwards. And he goes, these guys, they lose position. They go for here, go for there all this extra space. And he was like breaking it down while we're watching the fights. It was such an education. Love That. Oh it was fucking amazing, man. Yeah, it was amazing. Yeah. He's a, he's a legend. Oh man. Like one of the great legends of martial arts. You know, if you like go into the history of martial arts Hicks and Gracie will go down. As You know there's a Mount Rushmore of martial arts legends. Him and hoist are right up there. Yeah, I agree With that. And Hoy would tell you, like Hixson, he goes, My brother was a hundred times better than me. Yeah, yeah. Well when hoist used to come to us, he would tell us straight up, I'm not the family fighter.


Yeah. Our, our, You know. And I think what he told us back then was like, I don't know, Hixson was pride contracts UFC was different. Couldn't figure it out. Yeah. That's why hoist even fought. Right. I, I thought it wasn kind of the deal back then, but I think, I don't, it wasn a long time ago, Ian, there was a bunch of different thoughts on it. You know, hoist jokes around he goes, he goes, look how beautiful I am. That's why they wanted me. But it was also because Hickson was very physically dominant. And the idea was like, let's have this guy that doesn't look physically impressive to show Juujitsu, to show the power of Juujitsu. But if that doesn't work, then we bring in sson. But obviously I didn't know that Hoist beat everybody.


And then Hickson went over to do Japan Valley tdo. Yeah. And like 94, I think it was. I used to love all those, the valet Tudos pride. I thought it wasn the best. Oh The great, the golden era of martial arts Because it is when everybody was learning. Yeah. Like holy shit, there's so much out there. Yeah, I Agree. I know. I loved every Minute of that. And then Fedor, me and Anco comes on the Scene, he's just like, Ugh. Fedor is my favorite. One of the all time greats. Yeah. He's another one. Yeah. I mean, if there's an the greatest heavyweight of all time, you have to have, he's gotta be in the conversation. I feel like back in the day we'd be like, we'd be talking about fighting and it'd be like, man, I wonder if anyone's ever like done this from like the Mount. Yeah. Fedor won like six fights like that.


Yeah. And then like, I wonder if anyone's ever done like something like this and like, well, Fedor won his last fight just like that. And you're just like, fucking this guy. Like, You Know what I mean? In his prime, he was a monster. Yeah. I Agree. And so stoic, like his expression never changed. Yeah. He gets head kicked. He gets plexed. Yeah. Nothing. It's like no one's home in there. You know what I mean? Just, just didn't register. He was just a machine. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I loved him. And I liked when he, I seen an interview one time, remember his brother Alexander? Sure. He was like, Alexander is better than me if he just wouldn't party so much. Yeah. He was an animal. And I was just thinking fucking Fedor saying his brother's better than him. Yeah. You know what I mean? Well, his brother was bigger and taller.


Yeah. And was a nasty striker man. Yeah. His brother was a vicious striker. Had Good kicks too. Oh My God. Good night kick. Oh my God. He was fucking good, man. Yeah. But it wasn, it wasn the days where, You know, everyone was just kind of figuring out what worked and what didn't work. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You had Vander lay the ax Murderers. I love it. It was also a time where everybody was juicy. Yeah. The, the, the whole organization was like, I had a friend who was gonna fight over there and he was 170 pounds. And they said, no, we want you to fight at 180 5. Go do steroids. Like go do Steroids. He was like, what the fuck? Come back. He's like, they tell Us to do steroids. When Enson was on the podcast, he told me in the contract it said like, in capital letters, we do not test for steroids.


They're like, go Have fun. Yeah. Come back. Yoked up. Come back. Juicy. Yeah. Everybody was juicy back then. Yeah. Because it was the wild days. Right. It was like the wild west. Right, right. They just wanted the best, most exciting fights Possible. I think that's what people want now. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? Like I, there's A real argument For that. I don't think the fans give a fuck about drug testing. No. I, You know, I don't think, look, and I think this is for all like the Olympics. I get it. But the NFL, like seriously, why you even fucking, why? What do you test? What do you want the sport to suck? Like baseball, it wasn the thing when they were doing like Mark McGuire and all that shit and Sammy Sosa like, why are you testing these guys? It's the most exciting thing is to hit a home run. These guys are doing something that makes them better at hitting home runs.


Everybody should do that thing. Whatever the Fuck that is. Think about how much more money that bring those organizations. Yeah. But there was this thing back then that it was cheating, but what it really is, is science. Like they'd figure out, there's a way where you recover more, you get stronger, you get faster. Like, Hey, do that guys. Wow. And by the way, everybody else is doing it too. They're just like hiding it in some sort of a weird way. You know? They're just masking it and taking weird stuff. And there was, You know that Baco scandal where they're all taking this stuff called the Clear? So they never even heard of that. You never heard of that? No. I never heard of know this. I Had that guy, Victor Conte on the podcast who created the Clear and what he was, he's a scientist and what he did is he BCO Labs, they figured out that when they're testing, they're testing for very specific metabolites.


So they took steroids and then they changed it slightly so that it didn't show up in the test. And they're giving them the stuff and they would all pass clear. And they were all fucking, they were just monsters. Like Barry Bonds. Yeah. Yeah. He was a monster. I met Barry Bonds in 1994. I was on this television show called Hardball. And Barry Bonds was, You know, he was still a major league player, big time player. Famous. He's famous, but He was a regular guy. Like you look like a regular athlete. And then he started getting juicy and then years later he gained like 60 pounds And it was just fucking Gigantic. And Smashing home runs like that would be good. Like you should keep doing that. Whatever you're doing.


I think that's all sports. Yo. Jump as high as you can. Take your fucking gear. Jump high, run far, smash each other. Yeah. Let's Go. Well that's the enhanced games. Yeah. You know, the enhanced games doing that. They're developing this whole protocol right now. Yeah. And the enhanced game's gonna let people do whatever the fuck they want. That works. Yeah. And their idea is we are gonna develop the best athletes in every discipline and then we're gonna give them a lot of money and we're gonna like, fuck the Olympics. The Olympics is a giant scam. Yeah, I agree. Because the Olympics, the athletes don't make any money. And NBC and all these broadcast networks and the IOC, they're making billions of dollars off the backs of these athletes.


Hard work. And no one is going to see them. They're going to see the athletes. Right. I mean the athletes aren't even compensated. Right. It's a crazy scam. It really is. 'cause it's not like, no, if no one made any money, including the networks, including the IOC, great. Great. Right. Right. That's not the case. Yeah. Someone's making a fucking shit ton of money. But it's not the people that are putting in the hard work. It's the people that are pointing cameras at them. Yeah. It's the dumbest fucking thing of all time. Yeah. That's fucked. And so the enhanced games is like, let's throw out the drug testing. Let's encourage people to do whatever the fuck that works and let's give them a lot of money. So like whoever wins whatever they like, give 'em a million dollars.


Yeah. And then you'll get like the elite athletes will be like, well why am I wasting my time competing for free? Maybe I blow out an ACL or herniate a disc and my career's over and I don't have shit to show for it. Or I can do steroids and then win and, and have money for the rest of my life. Yeah. I wanna watch the steroid sports. Of course. Yeah. You know what I mean? The enhanced league or whatever it's called. Yeah. Like that sounds to me like the NF l's going away. Yeah. I know. I wanna see the mountain hit another mountain. You know what I mean? Like let's go. Could You imagine if they just got, they told the NFL, let's just say everybody get juicy. Fuck, those guys are already Freaks. They're already doing it.


Like they probably, You know what I mean? Have to, I mean, I, I only imagine, I don't know, have to have to be, but my 2 cents is like, you're doing it anyway. Just fucking go with it. The way I understand it. Just don't talk about it. They allow, they let them know when testing is happening and so then everybody, Why wouldn't waste the fucking money. Yeah. You know what I mean? Exactly. Like phone it in. Let's just phone that in. You know what I mean? Like, yo, I took that drug test. Okay, click. Save some money for everybody. The drug Test should be multiple choice. That's fill it out. No, Nothing. Yeah. The, the drug test should be, we're just kind of curious if you've had any success and when we wanna know what works so we can recommend better stuff to people Right's. That's what I would do. Weird thing about, You know, protecting the athlete's health.


Like, hey, fuck face, they're playing football. If you really cared about their health, you would tell them don't play football. So true. There's no way you care about their health. Yeah. There's no fucking way. Yeah. You know, it just doesn't make any sense. I mean there's inherent nature is a danger there. Yeah. Concussions, knees, shoulders. Right. There's Everything gets blown out. Yeah. How about vaccines? Oh, how about you making 'em get vaccinated and they're having fucking heart attacks on the field. Does that make any sense? No. None. You don't care about their health. No. You're full of shit. Yeah. Those guys didn't have to worry for a second about covid. They're elite athletes of the highest order. Do you really think that something that is literally only kills like 0.03% of the people who get it?


And those people, or most of them have comorbidities. You really think elite athletes of the highest order had to worry about that? Of course they didn't. No. It's all bullshit. You don't care about them. Yeah. Let 'em get juicy. Yeah. Fucking juicy. That's go, let's get that gear. You know what I mean? Hey, let's take those piss cups and turn them into fucking drink cups and serve 'em some whiskey in the locker room. Let's get this shit going. And I want more fighting in my sports. You know what I mean? Like that's why I like hockey. Yeah. Love hockey. Hockey's the last sport that allows fist fights normally in the middle of a sport. Yeah. It's the only sport that allows the occasional fist fight. Yeah. Well, which is kind of crazy. I live in North Carolina and there's a, there's like a little local hockey team at Brag and like every I, I go to a lot of hockey games 'cause it's Like, It is like seven bucks for like a long time.


You know what I mean? And they'll fucking blood on the ice on the Thanksgiving game and You know, they'll throw like a, they'll, they'll have like a non-league team come in and it's fucking blood on the ice. Man. These like the Southern provisional Hockey league. Like I love this hockey. It's just Wild that that's the only sport where fist fighting is allowed. Yeah. It's kind of crazy 'cause it's grandfathered in. Yeah. Because it's basically bare knuckle boxing in the middle of a sport. Yeah. Which is real weird. Yeah. Well then you got soccer where like, You know, you rubbed elbows with the guy and he falls over and you're like, what the fuck? You're faking it? Like Yeah, I have children. I know the faker. Like what the fuck? Like, I'm a parent, you can't fool me.


Well anybody could see it's the dumbest thing, like a Hand hits their face. Oh yeah. They fall on the ground, they fall Down and they're fucking holding their side. They're holding their chest. It's so dumb. But it's also one of the reasons why it's not really accepted in America. I agree. Because you watch that flopping where you're like, come on, get up. This is so crazy. Yeah, I totally agree, Man. Especially when people watch football. Yeah. You watching guys get fucking way laid. Yeah. By a 300 pound super athlete. Yeah. They get up and shake it off. Yeah. And then they're right back on the field. Yeah. The guy's like a adjust helmet a little bit. You know What I mean? Takes his mouthpiece out. You go, all Right and go fucking move on. I Just started watching football literally this last year and I, You know, when I see guys collide, I fuck I, I've had so many injuries, knee surgeries and shit and juujitsu injuries.


I see guys get hit. I just like fucking hold my knees. I hold my back like, oh, it, it's the most brutal shit of all time. A guy who's 290 pounds is running Yeah. Full blast and colliding with you with a hundred percent of his strength. Yeah. Yeah. It's fucking crazy, man. Yeah. I used to, when I was 38, I was a SAR major in the army and like, I don't know, hand to hand juujitsu kind of got boring for me. So like I was looking for other hobbies. I was at the PX and I seen like the Fort Bragg rugby team practices like Tuesday at six or something. So I just went out there for something to do, man. And I'm gonna tell you, you think fucking juujitsu fucks people up fucking go play fucking rugby.


Matter of fact, stay the fuck away from rugby. Yeah. Like, It is fucking brutal. And like No helmets, No nothing man. And like when I was a kid, I don't know if I can say this, but we played smear the queer all the time. Like, I don't know what you call that, but that's what it was just called when we were kids, I'd come home, my shirt would be ripped, I'd get another beating 'cause like, you ripped another shirt. These are expensive. You know what I mean? But Like, It is my brother's anyway. Right. Like, not like he bought me a shirt, but man, it was like crazy. My first practice, like the ball's sitting there and then one of the coaches like grabbed the ball and run. So I just fucking grabbed the ball and just ran every one of these little motherfuckers over. And then like, guys were like, man, what college you play in? I was like, none.


And I never played a rugby a day in my, You know, my first game, You know, was like fucking in my third practice, You know what I mean? That's crazy. But in, in doing juujitsu and fighting people in Iraq every night, like I thought rugby was kind of easy. The guy's running at me and I just gotta take 'em down fucking double legs. And then I started getting more tackles than anyone in my coach. You know, they keep stats and be like, you had like 80 tackles a game. How do you do that? And it's like double, double, double leg, take down single leg, maybe a trip. Yeah. You know what I mean? And but, and then like one of the times, You know, one of the coaches was like, Hey, will you teach us how, You know, how would you, how do you normally tackle you get the most tackles and like double single legs.


So You basically teach 'em wrestling? I just taught wrestling moves. Why don't they Teach them that? That would seem to be like I Be, I bet the pro level fuckers are doing that shit. They have To Like you have to. Yeah. I mean, 'cause think about this, like I know a lot of linemen do like Cali for hand speed and stuff like that. Oh. You know what I mean? Right. Because they gotta, they gotta win the hand fight. So I know there's a lot of sports that use a lot of discipline. So I would imagine they would have to be fucking having, You know, wrestling practice or take down tackle practice. Right. I would imagine they're doing same shit as everyone else first. Well, just understanding leverage and how to manipulate a body.


Right? Yeah. Right. Well there's no pads so You know, you can't come 30 miles an hour into this tackle. You might have to come in at 10 miles an hour. You know what I mean? Because you got no pads. Right. You know. Well That's the argument against pads in football is that these guys, the only reason why they could play the way they are and collide with each other full blast is 'cause they have helmets and pads on. Yeah. Yeah. Which is totally True. Yeah. I want thicker helmets and more collisions. Let's go like, come on. It would be A wild game if you had American football and no pads. I mean that's what they used to do. Yeah. Way back. They had those little leatherhead Things around their head. Yeah. Had a leather helmet. Like you couldn't pay me to wear one of em. Let's get the fuck outta here With that.


I wonder how many guys died playing that. Oh, imagine how many concussions. Oh, how Many head to head collisions. Oh, running full blast. And then, You know, if you're Sam mowing, you're like some big giant dude. Yeah. You're gonna go head to head with guys 'cause You know you're gonna win it. Yeah. Fuck every time man. So you're Just fucking headbutting everybody. Yeah. The The Army team has a lot of Tongans. Oh yeah. There's a Fort Bragg. Tongans are paratroopers as people. I don't know how that works, but they are, man, they all play rugby. A buddy of mine was like, I was like, You know you how You know when when you start playing rugby? He was like, I was like three, You know, huge guy. Like I knew, like I knew I was doing pretty good at rugby when the Tongans were like, we'd pick, they'd pick teams and all the Tongans would be like, we want Big John, you can have the rest.


And I'd be like, yeah, me and the Tongans against some. Right. We'll fucking crush the people. But like they start playing with like a coconut, Jesus imagine holding a coconut and just going down ribs on a coconut. Like, and I'm like, why would you play with a coconut? And he was like, well there was only one rugby ball on the island and the bigger boys had it. Jesus. Okay. Like Yeah. But yeah, I played rugby for a while and I stopped doing MMA to play rugby. But what I realized is rugby's way more injury prone and dangerous. So I kind of went back to juujitsu. Oh yeah. One-on-one is definitely, you can control a lot more of what's going on than a bunch of dudes Yeah.


Colliding into each other. Yeah. Yeah. I agree man. So it a hard fucking sport. I know. Rugby's awesome man. It's, it is awesome. It's weird how it never took off in America. It's kind of strange, You know, because we love violence. You would imagine that rugby would be something that we would've adopted. I, I think the only reason it's not popular is 'cause of the time. Like it's like soccer. Once it starts, it doesn't stop. Oh, Americans want to go take a piss and get another beer and come back. And then they want you to, you have To have commercials. Yeah. And like That's the big thing about soccer And the game never stops. Tough. Tough to sell commercials. Right. Because you can't stop the game. Right. Whereas football, you have a fucking, you have halftime bro. You got a whole half hour. Well you ever see the apps that just show you the plays of football a whole game's like 12 minutes of actual work.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Right. 10 minutes, You know what I mean? Soccer, those motherfuckers are running the entire time. Yeah. 80 minutes let's go. And it doesn't stop. You know, You have to be in insane shape to play soccer. The cardio is just nuts. You're basically sprinting for the entire game. Yeah. I never played soccer but, and I don't think I would enjoy it. Well We went to watch they the, they have a professional league here in Austin and these dudes have these fucking quarter horse legs. Yeah, I bet they're like thin upper bodies And these fucking Gigantic legs. 'cause they're just constantly doing plyometrics. Yeah. All day. They're Just constantly All day sprinting and going side to side and left and right and fucking crazy cardio. Yeah. But it's never gonna sell in America if you can't have commercials. Yeah.


I think that's why Rugby's not popular household. Yeah. I mean that makes sense. Maybe they just changed the rules a little bit. Right. You know. Okay. Give us a Little break every step. Well it's kind crazy. Yeah. Here's what we're saying is rugby starts and stops without a time. That's the same thing we want for, you just said for MMA. Oh Yeah. Right. Well that's the problem with MMA too. Right? You can't have a no time limit fight because How are you gonna get the next fight at midnight or 10 o'clock? Or also Dudes would kind of fight to the death. Like if you get the best of the best today where they're so evenly matched and they're brawling from hour, it could go, Go four hours, five hours. Like, And then it would probably end your career. Like at the end of it'd, you might not ever be the same again.


You'd be spent. Yeah. You'd be spent like you got one of those didn't you? Right. 'cause there's a lot of guys, like there's a fight and you could point to that fight and say he was never the same. Yeah. Like Tony Ferguson, Justin Gaje, a lot of people point to that fight. Justin Gaje battered Tony Ferguson so bad. He was, he was undefeated up until that. Or maybe he lost a couple of times. But he was the boogeyman. Tony Ferguson was the scariest dude in the sport. And then one bad beating and he was kind of never the same again. 'cause one bad beating just changes everything. Yeah. He just never really recovered. Yeah. Well once you lose the mental edge, right. Like There's a little bit of that, but there's also like a bad beating to the brain.


Like he got just, he got hit so many times in his head. A bad beating to the brain after a certain, I mean, no matter who you are, if you're sparring and if you're fighting, you're getting hit in the head period. And so over the course of your career, you're already accumulating a certain amount of abuse and there's one fight that could break the camel's back. Yeah. Again, boxing. I always point to Meldrick Taylor, Julio Caesar Chavez, like Meldrick Taylor was the fucking man won the gold medal in the Olympics and Chavez just methodically broke him down and then stopped him in the last round of their fight. Like literally two seconds to go. Richard Steele stops the fight. And from then on he was never the same.


It was just, he took so much of a beating in that fight that he was n never the same again. Yeah. I think that happens with soldiers too. I've seen a lot of guys who are like, we got mortar or rocket it and then next deployment guy doesn't wanna, You know what I mean? So it's a guy until thing. Yeah. I think there's a, there's a time where everybody says enough's enough, right? Yeah. Like, yeah. Whether you want to or not. And then once you reach that point, like coming back from that point, right. To become that mental champion again. It's a fucking long road. Is there anything like you as a leader, when you see a guy who's maybe crossed over in that way, is there anything that you would do to try to bring them back?


Or is there nothing that could be done? That's a great question. Define, bring them back. Define what's wrong with them. Right. I guess a confidence thing or just being terrified. So like new fear being introduc. You know, a lot of guys think they're indestructible. Yeah. Until they're not. Yeah. And then all of a sudden now this is a new factor. Yeah. I used to teach tandem jumping and bundle jumping in the military. And I don't know if you ever seen my social media, but like I'm in the sky flying and there's that huge barrel under me. I used to teach that. And what would happen is if you had a bad jump, a You know, bundle jump, you would have to cut away.


And we called it the nightmare. Right. And you gotta end the nightmare and this thing starts spinning you outta control. It'll be so many Gs that like you'll pass out, the parachute will open later. Right. You'll be fine. But we used to tell guys, right. Like, fucking end that nightmare. Make sense? Now you're the captain of the ship. So a guy would have to end this nightmare however he ended the nightmare. Right. And then what would happen is afterwards we'd review the video and I'd have to show a guy. Right. And then we'd leave him in the classroom for a minute and we'd tell him, Hey, gather your emotions, whatever you need to do. And then get on the next plane, Get right back on the Horse. Get fucking back on that next plane.


Yeah. You know what I mean? And guys would do that. You know what I mean? A lot more seals needed that time than like unit guys. 'cause unit guys are like, yo, I'll fly this motherfucker up your ass. We ain't gonna have no problems today son. You know what I mean? What's the, what's the difference? I don't know. I think the difference is that, look, the unit is always more mature than seals. It's an older culture. It's older guys, more experienced guys, more methodical guys, more planned out. So like in a, a lot of times like, You know, younger guys, normally the seals, they'll have their jump numbers, but they're like the, their core, their what makes you you confidence, dexterity, strength, fucking health.


It ain't there yet. And they kind of freak out once in a while. Younger guys. It's a maturity thing. I think normally happens to the seals. Most unit guys are pretty mature and have been through so much shit by the time they get to the unit that like, you're probably unshakeable by then. But You see that in fights too. Like young undefeated guys who fight like a world champion who's like in their thirties and that guy breaks 'em down and then you see like they don't know what to do when things are going sideways. Yeah. And then mentally they fall apart. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's right. That's when the bad decisions will start. You know what I mean? Yeah. And the reality is, is you gotta snap your fucking self out of that.


You gotta fucking put your parachute back on and get the fuck back on that airplane. I had plenty of those jumps. I've cut away more. Fuck, I had a cutaway training for D-Day last year. Fucking put my cutaway. You can see how fucking low I am and everything. You know what I mean? And I have procedures, I have another parachute, like we're all gonna die. Am I gonna let it ruin my day? Kind of thing. Like let's fucking move on. You know what I mean? But how did you develop that mentality just over time? I, I think that comes with what I just said is the core of a person. And I think this what the army is really good at is developing this core. Right? In this core. In this core. Right. How do I develop your confidence?


Well, I don't fucking know. I couldn't even define fucking confidence 'cause I went to Chicago public fucking school system. But I could tell you this, if I taught you to rally race, car drive, and you got pretty fucking good at it, if I taught you jujitsu eventually you're pretty fucking good at it. I show you skydiving eventually. You're pretty fucking good at it. Right. Wise. 'cause every one of these things I showed you world class level and we run world champions in to show you. Right. Eventually you are gonna gain confidence. It's the taking your daughter to karate or ju little kids to jiujitsu. They have confidence that other kids don't have. Right. That's what you gotta build.


So it takes a lot of different skills and getting guys good at a lot of different skills to build that fucking unshakable core. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. And it's, it's a matter of when do you introduce them to like extreme adversity. Do you build them up slowly? Right? Right. And it, it has to be built slowly, right? Yeah. And then we used to say this like aircraft training, right? Let's say you got a breach in airplane, right? And you gotta climb a fucking 20 foot ladder 'cause these motherfuckers ain't low to the ground. Right? Right. And you're hanging on a ladder and you weigh fucking 200 and fucking 80 pounds and you're shit.


But you're on these fucking ladders with fucking six other guys who all weigh the same as you or more. You gotta crack the door, get the fuck in this airplane right now, let's just say this is your first time and you crack that door the first time. And as an instructor, I know you're cracking the door and as soon as you crack that door, I fucking shoot you in the face. You know what I mean? Yeah. And with a training round. Right? How fucking embarrassing. Right? And then the reality is, is yo, you just move, ruined this motherfucker forever. How do You breach an airplane? What's the, what's the successful protocol for breaching an airplane? Mechanical or explosive?


What do you mean? Sometimes we open doors, sometimes we blow doors. It depends. So which one you wanna know about? Okay, let's Go with mechanical. Yeah. Most, most doors have a lever on the outside that can be activated. And most doors, there's a certain way they open. Right. My team, I was always kind of like a primary door guy. And then there's a certain way doors open, there's latches. So all airplane doors open from the outside. So, but once you breach it though, you're in a tube. You're In a tube and everybody knows where the door is. Yes. It's a very vulnerable position. Yes. Yeah. And so what's the protocol for breaching a door when you're in a tube like that?


So what you have to do is breach as many doors as possible and get as many people in as possible as quick as possible. And everyone goes to positions, right? You got cover guys, you got runners, you got searchers. There's a lot of shit that needs to go on on these fucking aircraft. Same with a fucking big cruise liner. Right. So everybody's gonna, once the door is open, everyone's gonna flood in and kind of like go to their places. You know what I'm saying? Right. So you plan it out. Yeah. You know where you're gonna be. Yeah. And then you're still dealing with the chaos of you're in a tube. Yeah. And there's only one way in. Yeah. And things are coming at you. Yeah. No matter what. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


So there's no clean way to do that. Not even once. Not even once. No. Fuck no, man. You know what I mean? What a crazy fucking Task. I know. But the back to the point is, if a guy cracks that door, any door, let's say it's your first time. I'm showing you like, alright Joe, I'm gonna show you some, You know, close quarter battle. I'm gonna show you how to clear a door. And then just joking around like, you're about to go through a door and I shot you in the fucking forehead. You would mentally never want to go through that door again. Right? Right. So I have to build you up to where, well, the first time you come through the door, well I just let you come through the door.


Right. And then it builds from there. Got it. And then there's a point where it's like, well this motherfucker's shooting through the crack of the airplane. Wait till I'm in this fucking bitch. I got two pistols on me. This motherfucker's going down. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So as you, as your confidence, your core, that core of a human being, like that core of an operator, right. As that like becomes fucking concrete, A guy's just unshakeable. Like, let's, I don't give a fuck what this position, I don't care. Like I don't care if I fucking die. Let's do this. You know? And It's consistent training over and over and over again. Over and over and over. Do you think that this is what's missing in the police force? Oh man. Are you kidding me?


First off, I work in a lot of police departments. I love police. I support police all the time. It's a fucking thankless job. It's, I'll say that. It's, yeah. But I would say like, think about this, Joe, if you trained police better, right? I work at a lot of police academies. I've helped a lot of police academies. They don't fail people anymore. I show 'em what I do. I train them to do what I do. They have great success with it. I would say this in a police academy, let's say it's six months long. Whatever they do, I don't fucking know. Probably about four months of that is fucking paperwork. And then, You know, you get a little hand to hand, you get a little driving, you get a little shooting, and then you learn what Yeah.


But I'm gonna tell you this. As a cop, you got the rest of your life to do that paperwork. Right? And when you're in training, right? As soon as you like get your first arrest, your training officer is gonna be like, don't write it that way. Hold on, let me see your paperwork like this. The paperwork could be OJT and they could spend them time Right. Training these guys. And if No, I'd also say this is, if police were trained better and truly, uniform officers are probably the only guys like stopping crime as it happens, if we train those guys better, why would we need SWAT teams? Right. You would have SWAT teams through the whole thing would all Be swat everyone, everyone could be swat.


And if we got 10 and they should be, and 10 of us come together. Yeah. We're our own SWAT team. Yeah. We don't, and then we could operate independently. We could operate one or two. And like, I think police don't do the force multiplier thing. Like each guy is his own fucking bastion of the law. You know what I mean? Like, I, I just think they kind of share injuries. They don't do hand to hand. Right. Shooting could be dangerous. Right. And then most shooting is, You know, the instructor is God and you are fucking stupid. That's how most training is. It's like basic training and like no one learns well like that either. Right. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. I I'm always shocked when I see fat cops, like really fat cops.


And I'm almost like, how, how your whole life is your body. Like your whole life is, you have to be able to physically defend yourself. You have weapons, you have, You know, the, the law and the uniform and bulletproof vests and all that. But you, your, your physical body is almost useless. Yeah. I, I was at a football game the other day and there's this like obese cop, like enormous belly. I was like, this is disgusting. It's ridiculous. Yeah. You've let yourself get to this point where I know you can't even run. Yeah. You can't. You can't, you can't last 30 seconds. All someone have to do is grab a hold of your arm that you would use to take your gun and control that arm. Get you to the ground and you're fucked.


Shit, I just, baseball collar, the back of their fucking collar, their shirt, where the fuck are you going? You know what I mean? Like, oh, it's crazy. Yeah. Look, okay. First off, I think also police should have different jobs like the army. So, okay. If you were 400 pounds, maybe you're the computer guy at the police force or a desk guy or You know what I mean? Right. Like Right. I don't think everyone needs to be the fittest human being ever. However, if you're on patrol, get the young six foot kids in there, man. You know what I mean? Yeah. They can handle themselves. They're young, they're bigger than normal. Right. This is why a lot of troopers, state troopers used to have like a six foot 6 1 6 2 height requirement.


Right. Because a six foot two man can generally handle most people. Right. You know what I Mean? Especially a fit one who's Trained. Yeah. Yeah. So I think the fit guys need to be on the force. I think, I think there's room for everybody, but I think with police is you're a police officer or you're a detective and then that's it. But really you're always a cop versus like, well the army. Right. Okay. There's drone pilots, there's all these army jobs that kick the infantry kids out the door. Right. Why don't police kind of organize like that and that way like, the guys are going to run people down can run. That's What drives me crazy about this whole defund the police horse shit.


Like, are you fucking crazy? You should be funding them more. Fucking crime is real. Yeah. It's real evil's. Real Evil's fucking real. Yeah. Yeah. To pretend it's not Well that just means you haven't experienced it. Yeah. You're Living with blinders on. Yeah. Yeah. I see. I agree. Yeah. It's just bizarre that we expect these people to encounter danger and evil all day long. Their whole lives like 25, 30 years. I Know. I Know. And You know, you don't, you don't train 'em properly. You don't fund them properly. And then they get disrespected by the public. Oh, that's the worst. Well, the worst, I think the worst is when like the mayor or the police fucking chief is like not supportive of all of the fucking guys.


And it's like, you think the guys have bad intent, You know what I mean? I get it. There might be bad apples or whatever. Everyone's got 10% say what you want. But like, how About Kamala Harris when she was running for president, she was all about defund the police. I I don't know how that sells with anybody In the country. It's like 2019. 2020. I mean, it's fucking crazy. It's a crazy thing to say. It really is a crazy thing to say. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if we defunded the police, we'd be Mexico quicker than we thought. Yeah. Right. Right. 'cause the cartels would just drive over the Border. Yeah. That's real. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you think about this idea of using special forces guys to fight the cartels?


That this is first and foremost. Like if you were like, yo, we're gonna wipe out a cartel tonight. I'd have been like, I'll load my rags extra careful. Like, let's go. Right. But the reality is, is like, I know all my buddies are like, yeah, we'll fuck 'em up in a night. We'll, fucking yo yo fucking, let's back up a fucking second here. The cartels have fucking men. They own the ground. They have fucking technicals. They have machine guns, they have fucking everything an army has. Right. And they've had decades to train waiting for this. Number two.


And number three, our government's fucking compromised. So if you think they ain't gonna know you're coming. You know what I mean? I think you're fucking high. Jesus Christ. That's a terrible, terrifying thought. The government's so compromised. The cartel's gonna get the word out before. Well How are we gonna, how? Look, we're not good at being fucking sneaky. We're not the Israelis doing that fucking pager shit. Right. You know what I'm saying? That pager shit was wild. Yo. That needs to be the model for every fucking thing we do in the future. No Matter what you think about the Israelis, what's going on in Gaza, that pager shit was Wild. Which tells me America should go back to making its own fucking cell phones and it's own. We shouldn't have our fucking comms made overseas at all in any way, shape or form at all.


In my Opinion. At all. No, I've been saying that forever. We should have our own cell phones. Fuck. And the fact that we're buying so much shit from China. Fuck. Especially after they banned Huawei because they know that Huawei stuff was compromised and they're having third party input and be able to spy on people. Yeah. It's fucking crazy. Well, this is why we gotta go back to making America Like It used to be. We made our own shit. We use our own shit. We wouldn't have to worry about none of this. Yeah. It's, it's a very strange thing what's happening in this country where China's allowed to buy land that's near military bases. They supply cell phone towers. They, they put all these different, they sell us all this different shit. And we don't really know.


I mean, I don't know how many experts are investigating these fucking cell phone towers. Fucking Zero. I bet. Fucking zero Bet. Mike Baker was on here and he was telling me about how around military bases, like China has installed their equipment and all these military bases. Like at Formula One, we, where we were, my buddy owns the track and they found these Chinese boxes that they had attached to the wifi. So they were just scooping up everybody's data. They called in Homeland Security to have 'em remove it and investigate it. Fucking racetrack. A Racetrack. But, but they knew everybody was gonna be using this public wifi. Yeah. Probably no VPNs, probably no security. And these people are getting their, all their shit siphoned up.


Fuck. They're So sophisticated in how they've infiltrated. It's fucking crazy. And we just allow it to happen. It's very strange. 'cause you can't buy shit in China. If you think you're an American company, you're gonna go over to China and operate with autonomy. You're outta your fucking mind. Yeah. You can't buy shit. Yeah. They don't, they'll never let an American never. No. They don't want a Chinese would never buy communication devices from America. No. And they certainly would never let America buy farmland Right next to their military bases. Yeah. They'd be like, fuck you. Yeah. We're like, sure, we'll sell it to you. Are you gonna pay more? Oh boy. We'll take your money. Fucking, it's weird. It's weird how goofy we are.


I know. And then like, well, I think it's this Joe. I think people don't realize how fucking dangerous the rest of the world is and how like people are like plotting against us and it's fucking real out there. The world is a crazy place. I say this like, you don't know how fucking safe you got it here and how fucking great we got it here. You know what I mean? Right. Like, people don't know that. 'cause they don't never leave here. So they're stuck in their own fucking bad attitude of like their own grind or whatever the fuck they do. And like, look, I'm telling you, the world is fucking evil. People will fucking rape you, kill you. No one gives a fuck. Like protect yourself all the time, man. Well, You've been to parts of the world where you've seen this firsthand.


And I think it's one of those things where if you don't see it, you don't believe It. Yeah. I'll tell you one of the, I think the biggest thing I saw in Iraq, I think in maybe 2009 ish, there was like the most fucking US soldiers ever been in Iraq. Right. Like, whatever the numbers around, I don't fucking know. Right. But when Iraq had the most fucking soldiers it has ever had in Iraq is when Iraq was the safest. Think about it. You know what I mean? All we had to do was flood, put a fucking tank under every fucking overpass in every fucking neighborhood. There's a machine gun in fucking 50 cal Humvee.


Right? Like, who's fucking around? They're everywhere. And that's the safest Iraq ever was. I'm telling you. We have that here. And people don't understand that in general. So if you wanna defund the police, fuck man. We're fucked. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, it's, it's a crazy, but You know, do You know Evan? Evan fer? Yes. Yeah. Evan was, we were in Elk camp and he was explaining some of the shit that he saw when he went from Iraq to Afghanistan. Yeah. And it just how he's like, Afghanistan is so fucked that you can't even comprehend it until you're there. Yeah. He goes, once you're there and you see it and you understand it, you, you become so cynical.


You almost like this culture's like unfixable. And he's like, most people just don't know that a place like that exists. That's so just down to its core. So fucked. And we was talking about how these guys have these boys that they have as their, their harem. The number nine boy. What's that? That's what the Egyptian special forces called him the number nine boy. He's the boy that gets fucked. Why number nine? I don't, that's what the Egyptian special force is called. But every Afghanistan village had a fucking, what do they call it? The choy boy or Fucking some shit. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. But basically the 12-year-old that gets raped, He was saying, these guys have harems and they would parade 'em down the street to show they have the most boys.


Yeah. This was, this happened to me on my, So I did a solo mission in Afghanistan. The book killed Bin Laden. You ever hear of it? Yeah. I brought a hard back for you. Oh, nice. I'll sign it for you if you want. Sure. But it's hard to get a hard back. It's like, it's like it's got library shit in it. I had to buy it. 'cause like people always ask me to sign it. I didn't write the book. I'm just in it. And people always ask me for a signature on it. Right. So I bought like, I don't know, a family or friend. Someone wanted one. I bought a like a lot from a library. They didn't use 'em no more. 'cause they don't sell the hardbacks no more. But I went out on a mission alone in Afghanistan. I was going 10 days first, I think first successful mission of the war.


My opinion, I don't know. I don't know if there's other missions were more successful than mine. But, so I went out alone. And then I do the recon. I have the footage I need, I have every fucking thing I need to launch a raid. We, I'm alone. We stop. I'm in a fucking Jingly truck, right? Like, I fucking just, I'm in this truck. I hitchhiked basically from Jalalabad into the Tori Bora mounds. I'm in a jingly truck with this fucking driver. What's a, what's a jingly truck? You know where they like, it's like a fucking, like a six wheel like dump truck. But like, they hang the chains and bells and they paint it like 17 different bright colors.


And they, they, you never seen a jing. Yeah. Fucking jingly truck Because it, what is that it fucking jingles man? Yeah. Yeah. What the fuck is that? Yeah. So I'm in one of these motherfuckers with this motherfucker, right? He's like a logger. He's, he runs the valley. He's always in the area, but like, I don't know any of this fucking, I can't even talk to the guy. I don't fucking speak shit. You know what I mean? And then Like, It was fucking dangerous. I had to go through checkpoints. I had to act like a retard to get through a fucking checkpoint without like, what did you do, man? I was at a fucking checkpoint. And the dude was like, there's this fucking, the checkpoints in Afghanistan, they're fucking sketch.


You know, they got like one piece of yarn across the road. You better fucking stop or your wheel be shot. They don't give a fuck about you. And like, so the car in front of us, I think the fucking, like, this dude like stole bread from a little kid. You know what I mean? Little kid was eating a piece of bread. We just snatched it out of the fucking car, yelled at the people. I thought he was gonna swack him Because it didn't have anything to give him that he wanted. So I'm in this Jingly truck comes next fucking AK in the chest, la la la la. Fuck. I don't know what the fuck he's saying, right? But I know if I speak English, I'm dead. So not an option. So he's like yelling at me, right?


And then finally, I just figured I'm gonna do like volume level 12 and just fucking yell in his face, right? So I just get super close to his face, which he didn't like. And I'm like, no, no, damn. And the guy's like, what the fuck? And then like, backed up and then motion. Like, motion. Like get the fuck through here with ak. Wow. Yeah. So what, you just on the spot devised that? Yeah. Another one. I had a, I picked up like a dirty towel or blanket off the floor. And they took that, right? But what I learned being out alone, one of the things I learned is, You know how you, like, you watch movies and like, they pull out a wad of cash and they're like, ah, wink.


Get me across the border there friend. Right? You know, these motherfuckers are just shoot you in the face and take everything you got. Don't whip that shit out. You're gonna get murdered. They're just gonna take it all. I mean, they'll steal bread from a fucking kid. You think they give a fuck about your life, You know what I mean? And they just fucking throw you on the side of the road and let you rot. Like, they don't even care about the smell. Like, so like, yeah, I had to act like a retard through this one. Man. They don't give a fuck, man. They don't give a fuck. You just figure that out on the spot. On the spot. Yeah. So we get, I get in a truck, we do the recon. I like had a, literally, I had a cigarette bag. I think it's like Kent or some shit. I don't fucking smoke, but like Kent Cigarettes.


I had a plastic bag with my fucking sat phone. And anyway, I had to get a camera out, get it under my arm, and I kind of filmed the house, right? Usis on. And then I had to get the footage back. So we get to the end of the valley, it's fucking dark, You know, there's no way we can get outta the valley before light. So we stop at this house and the driver's like, You know, motion us in. Right? It's the Muslim right, of they can't turn you away, right? So we go to this house, we're in the room, bunch of old fucking grumpy men. They don't fucking like me at all. And the driver, and the driver, I guess goes there and crashes all the time when he's in the valley, right? So this is normal for him to be here.


And then, so in that room, they had like this boy and they fucking drug him into another room and you could hear yelling and shit. And it was just like, what the fuck do you do? I have everything I need to pull off the first successful mission in Afghanistan for the American government. Okay, do I save this kid and compromise my mission or do I just get the fuck outta here and pull this motherfucker off? And the reality is, I had to look the other way and I didn't Like It. But, so I took my speed, You know, they gave you speed. I took my speed, stayed up, everyone went to bed. They fed me dark opium. T they tried to put me down.


That's why I drank the tea anyway, knowing it was spiked. And then I took my speed to kind of counteract it. And then everyone went to bed. I laid there just wide awake. I laid there, wide awake. Like I fucking shut an eye. These motherfuckers are gonna cut my dick off and stick it in my mouth. 'cause that seems like what they like to do. And then finally the middle of the night, I fucking fucking got my ak I stuck it in the driver's face. I drug him out to the truck, like right before sunup. And we fucking left the valley. But like, You know, compromise the mission or save the kid, what do you want? What's it gonna be, man? And then like, you just see this all over the place.


So you, you were like one of the first guys to do these singleton missions. Yeah. Yeah. So when, when they set you off to do something like that, like what's the protocol? Like, how do they, how do they even Good luck. You know what I mean? I don't know. Like, what, what do you think? What, what did they say to you? Well, back then it was that guy Dalton Fury, right? The guy who wrote Kill Bin Laden was my commander. And Oh, okay. It's a long story. I wrote, I'm writing a book, it's finished. Maybe someone would wanna publish it, but it's called The Singleton and it's about my going out alone. But I was like, they see I was, I was at my base, I was in Asada bad, and we were just getting rocketed and mortared every day.


It's kind of like mortar bait, whatever. And then we had like fucking Zero Lick and Chewys, no fucking candy, no beef jerky, no fucking Pop tarts, no fucking nothing, right? And we're just sucking it up and like, I gotta eat fucking, these Afghan motherfuckers cook us food. And like, I'm eating vegetables. I don't even know what the fuck that vegetable was. I don't even recognize it as a vegetable. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know that's fucking goat. 'cause it tastes horrible. But I don't know what the fucking, I don't even know what the fuck they cook me. You know what I mean? It's like, anyway, So I go to my boss and I'm like, yo, hey, I wanna fucking go to the main base, right? And steal poey from the fucking chow hall.


What's poey? Poey Bait is a term for like beef jerky, snacks, candy cookies, like any kind, like snack food, right? So, and my boss is like, yeah, if you, you schedule the airplanes, you make all the coordinations you can go. And I was like, fucking bet, man. I fucking scheduled the helicopter. Like motherfuckers, you don't know how resourceful I can be. You know what I mean? So I scheduled everything for the next night. And then like I, I drove my, I had a red Toyota truck. I drove my Toyota truck in the back of the Chinook, right? So tight in there. You can't even get out. You gotta just sit there, hope you ain't gotta piss. They fly me to the main base fucking land driving the main base.


Like by this time, like the Army's like taking over where like, you gotta like fucking salute on fucking the army base in Afghanistan like two weeks ago. Like a fucking s a s guy lost a leg in a landmine, You know? But So I go to the base and then the, the commander sees me and, and he's with his sergeant major, another guy, and they're like, this is our fucking guy right here. So they're like, Hey, what are you doing? And I'm like, about to raid the chow hall, You know, like, what the fuck's it look like I'm doing? You know what I mean? Like, if it is one thing, I'm honest, right? So I was like, yeah, I'm, I'm getting pokey for the fucking, for our base, like, what's up?


And they're like, Hey, we got a mission for you. And I told them, Hey, I'll do it right, but you just gotta tell my, ask my boss if it's all right. 'cause I didn't work for these guys. And they're like, okay, cool. They're in my squadron, but like not my direct boss, right? So they call my boss, my boss says fine. And like they sit me in this room and they're like, Hey, we want you to go out alone. And I'm like, okay. And they're like, explain everything to me. We want you to go out alone. Like, do you have any questions? And I was like, my, my only question was, And it wasn't a question, I looked the commander in the eye and I said, tell me you're gonna cover my ass if something goes wrong. And he was like, oh yeah, we'll cover you.


Like, yo, you could have gave a fucking better man up with that answer. You know what I mean? Like, You know what I mean? He gives this like weak answer and I'm just thinking, well, fuck man. You know what I mean? Now, so what were they telling you they wanted you to do? Go out alone usis on, get footage of this guy at his house so we could launch. Right? Because the generals back then weren't in line with Bush's debtor alive. And they were, I believe the Pentagon was a bigger hindrance in the beginning of war than they were fucking, than they were worth. But how so? Well, the general, at the time, it wasn in charge of us, our task force.


Right? And then we're talking about tier one, like the guy in charge then had like two rules. Number one, you can leave the wire if you get USIS on a target. Okay. Okay. And number two, no one leaves the wire. Well, how the fuck are we gonna do number one without, if we can't leave? Figure it out. So the commander, I was, because I was, when when you say leave the wire, yeah. What, what do you mean exactly? Like go out hunting for bad guys. Leave your base, You know what I'm saying? Go out and combat. But you can't leave your base, but you can't leave the base. Who, but you gotta get these eyes on to launch a target.


So you gotta get your recon guys out there doing reconnaissance. 'cause we need these reconnaissance and us eyes on to hit these targets. Okay. We wanna launch reconnaissance. Yeah. No one leaves the wire. That's kind of how it worked, man. Right? So the reason they used me is according to the army, the army at every level is great at accountability. A hundred percent. We need to know where everyone is at all times, right? So when I flew to the other base, I was in transit, right? So they left me in transit for a week. So instead of saying I left the wire, I was just in transit because I was in transit anyway to go get Pop-Tarts.


Wow. So they lied to, everybody left me, my staff, and I didn't know this at the time. I'm like, like, this could have mattered less to me. I learned later, You know? But the paperwork nutshell, the general, and sent out reconnaissance and it wasn me. Wow. And then they came back with the eyes on and the general agreed to launch the mission, And it was a success. And no one asked How the fuck did someone leave the wire? 'cause no one cared. 'cause we were successful. You know what I mean? Wow. So what are you thinking when you're out there doing this? Like, what, what is going through your head when you agree to do this? Fuck, figure it the fuck out.


I don't fucking know. I'm not trying to have an anything in my head right Now. But that's what's crazy is like they just let you figure it out. Yeah. Yeah. So you have to feel very vulnerable. I don't know, I wouldn't say vulnerable, Joe, but I do think this is like, there's guys that like, fucking make it happen. You probably got guys like this. Any task you give a guy, he is just like, wait, you're done with that already? Like, Some people could just make shit happen. And then I'm one of those guys that's like my, one of my better qualities make it happen. So like, fucking go make it happen, motherfucker. Go act like a retard when you get pulled over. Hey Man, do what you gotta do, baby. Like fucking survival of the fittest.


So the problem is, once you do one of these, now you're the guy that can go do these things. Yeah. And I did hundreds in Iraq and fucking loved It. Jesus Christ. Yeah. You loved it. Loved It being alone, man. I love It. Fuck that. Yo, you, you okay? Think about this, Joe. And, and you do juujitsu when you fight, right? You wanna depend on yourself, or you wanna depend on yourself. And people you don't know what the fuck they're made of. Who the fuck are you gonna trust? You gonna trust Yourself, right? So I, it wasn't really a big stretch for me to be alone, You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I do. But it's still a very unusual mindset.


Yeah. Maybe. I don't know. And then my, my other mindset is like, no matter where I am, no matter what I do, everyone in a 25 yard radius is gonna fucking die Just So I can make it home. And if I had to kill everyone in a whole village, God damn right, everyone in that fucking village would be dead for me to come home. So I just figured yo fucking be ready to fight at all times. I learned a hundred to one lessons learned, leadership lessons, a hundred to one being alone versus being a pack of 30 motherfuckers. Right? Like, yo, let us come ram this down your fucking throat and we'll call it Tuesday. You know what I mean? Right.


Where when I was alone, like, you gotta make better decisions. You're a fucking coyote, you're a ghost. You know, you gotta make ghost decisions. The fucking, You know, the bravado, like, we're gonna kill everybody the fuck we are. We're not gonna fire a shot. Why? Because like you, you fire one shot as a singleton, you better be ready to kill everybody because gunshots is a fucking dinner bell for psychos. You know what I mean? Right. And so are you ready? You know what I mean? And the reality is, is like I had to think of other shit, do other shit. I had to act like a retard, You know? And then I had to get along with people. I had to, I had to do so much shit that is out of like, even the commando norm as a singleton, You know, I think About, and there's no one that can really teach you This.


Fuck. I mean, no. Like, fuck, I fucking gonna teach a guy how to breach an airplane. Right? How the fuck are you gonna teach a guy to act like a retard if you get pulled over? How are you gonna teach a guy to be a singleton and do hundred of these Missions? Well, we used to tell guys, and I used to tell my guys all the time, and this is a unit thing, but like I could train a monkey to shoot, I'm training you to think I don't care about the shooting. 'cause if you're thinking right, the shooting will be easy. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But yeah, man, I, I'll tell you, I thought about writing a leadership book, calling it The Singleton, and just kind of the lessons I learned, You know, like so few guys have done that. You know, like I, I see all these like, You know, I don't know.


I don't look at the internet. I don't watch the news. I don't do any of that. I don't do social media. I have it. I don't fucking look at it. I don't have it on my phone. It's not worth my sanity. So I'm like a fucking time capsule for fucking the two thousands. You know what I mean? Yeah. And like, I never understood some of these other like veteran stories. You know? I never, I never kind of look the lone survivor. I never understood the full story. 'cause I went out alone all the time. That shit didn't happen to me. Motherfucking seven Taliban on my ass. You wanna see seven fucking bodies super quick, You know what I'm saying? Bring them boys up here. You know? So I never really fucking understood some of these other stories because I had such a different experience.


I can't fathom if I was with five, You know, the times I was with five guys, You know how many people, I mean, I was with three guys. You know how many people we killed in the Battle of Torah? Bora fucking hundreds. I just stopped counting on my first day. Like, so having said that, like I, I don't understand some of these stories because I had the experience I had. You know what I'm saying? It's a very unusual experience. So like, how many guys were singleton's? Fuck, I don't know any You don't know any? I mean a couple of my buddies, but like, not like me. Wow. Yeah. And then once I did it, it was kind of my lot in life. How Many pages is this book that you wrote? I don't know. Like fucking 20 chapters. I wrote a big book. Yeah. It seems like it'd have to be big one.


500 fucking pages. Yeah. So I can't wait To read that book. Hey, shameless plug, if You know anybody Who buys books. Yeah. Listen, someone needs to buy that book. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. We'll get that book sold. Alright. We'll get that book sold. 100%. So That leads me, I need to read that book right now. I'll give it to you. I'll get it. I'll text it to you. Oh, okay. I'll Text it to you today. I'll read it for real. I'll text it to you. I'm done with it. Okay. No, Know you, I think it's as good as I could get it. And I'm just a reg, I mean, a Chicago public school system. Fuck. I didn't even take a book home because if the school loses the books, they can't teach. So it was like half, half my class was in the book and the other half was homework. And you left the books in class. So like, I didn't have homework, You know what I mean? Well, It's probably better because you're gonna get it like Yeah.


From you. Yeah. With no gloss. Yeah, no bullshit. But which leads me to Iraq, where I did hundreds of solo missions. I was a taxi driver. I had like, I don't know, fucking 30, 50 vehicles in Iraq. So once They realized you can do this. Yeah. Like, oh, call McPhee. Yeah. Well, no, it's just kind of my thing. Yeah. Like, you don't have to call me, just tell me what you need. Wow. Yeah. I mean, my bosses knew how to use me like that. So you started enjoying the craziness of it. I loved being alone. Why did you love it so much? I don't know. I hate to say this, but like guys like me are generally fucking assholes.


Like, you've met a few guys like me, and they're like, yeah, I was afraid someone would get away. Like, shut the fuck up, man. God dammit. You know what I mean? Like, so not really a fan of a lot of like alpha males. They can be dicks at times. So like, yeah, it kind of set me down my, down my path is I just stayed away from the dicks and did my own thing. You know what I mean? Right. So you just had, you had your mission and you enjoyed the fact that it was all up to you. And I didn't have to fuck with no one else. It's on my timeline. Fucking, and I will make this happen. Like I will make shit happen that other people can't. I don't know how, I don't know why, but I just will.


That Is such a wild experience. Like your experience in war must be so different than everybody else. It's just because of that. Yeah. So having said that, we're talking about Iraq. I brought some show and tell items. What'd You bring? I brought something I have never fucking shown before. What do you got? And I believe it's fucking evil. You wanna see It? Yeah, I do. What is it I Got? I got get it outta my box. Oh, you got a box? Yeah, I Brought a box. I'm kind of scared. What's that? Hey, can you google Saddam Hussein Mauser?


This is his hat. Yeah. Jesus. It's the one where he shoots the mouser in the air at the fucking parade grounds. I was given that to by his tailor. Wow. Yeah, that one, the liner fell out. The liner's in here. Look, it's, you can see what kind of hat it is. The glue fell out of the liner. But look, whoa, that's fucking crazy. I rolled up his tailor and all his butlers, anybody who touched his ass, fed him or touched his dick, I fucking rolled them motherfuckers up.


Wow. Saddam was captured nine days after I left. I had to leave for Christmas. This is crazy. This was on his head. Now it's here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. Yeah. But it's a Piccadilly fox fur hat. I also have a sweater. I took a, I had all his clothes. Like, I mean, fuck, I had everything that guy had. But yeah, his tailor. Okay, so Saddam's inner circle, right? When, when, when I was working Saddam, we were working a Saddam piece, right? Some fucking legendary hits that no one's ever fucking talked about. Like we did the cleverest shit fucking during Saddam.


And I will tell you this is, I learned on my fucking Singleton mission in Afghanistan. The first one, we need to be a lot fucking smarter if we want to crush these motherfuckers. And I'm not talking like we captured two bad guys. I'm talking, we go in kill, everyone needs to be killed. Capture everyone that needs to be captured and fucking do this. Right? Right. So yeah, with the Saddam piece, his tailor and his butlers and Saddam's inner circle was all Christians fucking, every one of 'em was a Christian. And Saddam believed that Christians, if they martyr themselves, go to hell.


Muslims martyr themselves, you go to heaven. Right? So he surrounded himself with fucking Christians. Ah. So his tailor, his butlers, his als, all those guys, they fucking washing his ass, feeding this motherfucker. Were all Christians. And it's why Christians flourished in Iraq, which they're, You know, like I, I'd like to, I'd hope all these guys are still alive. But the reality is, is like Isis probably fucking got rid of 'em after Saddam was gone, You know? Yeah. Isis killed so many fucking Christians, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But they were all Christians. And so his, I, it started with the ex ambassador, excuse me, to the us and then I met the tailor and started talking to the tailor.


And then one day he brought this hat and he brought some clothes. And I was like, what was this? And he was like, You know, he told me, this is the one where he shot the Mauser and he had some clothes. I grabbed a sweater, I wear this sweater on Christmas Eve, and then I, when I was, when I was fatter, it's like, it's like a fucking halter top. My bellies had my belly fats hanging out. You know, my family's like, I don't know anything. I'm nuts. But I normally wear that sweater on Christmas. I forgot to bring it her. I've brought it, but wow. Yeah. Now that I lost weight, I think I'm actually Saddam size, You know what I'm saying? Spooky. You know what I'm saying? I ended up being the same size. I coulda wore all those clothes, You know what I mean? Wow.


But yeah, they were Christians. Right. And we rolled up to Taylor, the Taylor gave up a butler like I was, me and another guy were at the Taylor's house. Right. And we were gonna snatch this guy, right. This butler. And the butler is the guy who used to wash Saddam. Like, he bathed Saddam every fucking day. So Saddam had someone bathe him. Yeah. He didn't bathe himself. No. Crazy, right? Yeah. Weird. But he had a lot of, a lot of, but they were all Christians and they were all, honestly, they were all fucking nice people, to be fair. Like all the Christians were great people. Anyway. Yeah. So I'm in the house with another guy and the guy's early, so we fucking shoot up on the roof.


The guy comes, I call my guys, they're, they're not really in place yet. So he comes, he leaves, he only stays a minute and he's gone. You know what I mean? And these, I think all these inner circle Saddam folks know they were valuable to us and, and like they realized they were gonna get snatched at sometimes. So he was like, he was out. Right. I called my guys, right? And then literally my guys were like two blocks away. As he was leaving, he ran into their Humvee, he ran into my guys and they're like, Hey, this guy just ran into us and like this vehicle, I'm like, that's the dude.


He got an accident with him. Yeah. He ran into our guys in a Humvee. He was trying to drive away. Oh wow. And like crashed into like the guys that were gonna snatch him. Wow. Yeah. I'll tell you another Saddam story. This is, this is my, one of my favorites. Saddam had like regular pieces of ass. And like his favorite piece of ass was this butter face lady. I don't know what she did for him, but she wasn't a looker. You know what I mean? Right. So like look and feel are different things. Saddam knew what felt right to him, obviously. And she was married and we wanted to get to her.


I mean, maybe Saddam's favorite sex partner wouldn't know where he is. Right? Right, right. So we have the Taylor, the Taylor knows who he is. So we have the Taylor kind of invite him to the Taylor stop shop. This Taylor had a store in downtown Baghdad. So he comes in the store and I told my guys if he doesn't come out quick to, I had a couple, I don't know what they're called now, Mohawks, I think is what they call the Iraqi counter terror guys. Well, before they were even established, like the guys were with us, You know, so we had a couple of those guys and I have 'em start fighting in front of the store, right?


So literally everyone piles on in the street to see these guys fighting, right? Like everyone piles outta all the shops stores, and everyone's watching these two guys fight. Literally, the guy we're looking for, like walks up to see the fight and his back is to the van door, the guys that are gonna snatch him. Wow. So I call him, I'm like, yo, you see that tall guy? That's our guy, fucking snatch him and no shit Van door, van door fucking open. Nobody even knew where the fucking guy went. The Taylor later was like, where did he go? Did you take, who took him? Where did this guy go? Where does this man at? You know what I mean? Like, no one even seen him get snatched, right?


That's such a clever idea. Yeah. Have two guys fight in front, so everybody's gonna come out and watch. And then later my boss was like, who are those guys fighting? I was like, that's our boys. And he was like, wait, did you do that? And I was like, I didn't wanna be there for like six hours. Like, You know what I mean? Like, how do we speed this up? We got shit to do today. Like, You know what I mean? That's my efficiency genius is my thing. Like that's genius. Yeah. That's one of the, and we did so much. Hey, alright. I'll tell you another one. My first Saddam hit, I worked a lot of Intel side for Saddam, me and a couple other guys. So we worked somewhere, not with our squadron, and we worked with another government agency.


Make sense? Yeah. So we get to call the squadrons, doing a hit. There's a Saddam siding, right? So this is like the beginning, like 2003 Iraq. We were fucking Ken blocking it with fucking maps. Like hit the third traffic circle, go out on the nine o'clock. Like literally, I get us to fucking Ken blocking, fucking navigating through a fucking shitty Baghdad fucking street map. I get us to the fucking target, right? Humvee's are already there. The rest of the guys are already there. Rangers got the blocking positions all set up. So we get there, we raid the house, right? We get all these guys. And then finally there was like, no fucking shit, Joe. There was like, I don't know, 15 motherfuckers.


It was like a Saddam lookalike fucking contest. They all had the mustache. There's like short fat Saddam's. There's like tall, skinny Saddam. Ah. So it's like, so your body doubles. Well, I don't know if it was body doubles, but they just all looked Like It. Yeah. Because like the Saddam look was popular, right? The mustache. And Yeah. I mean, not that they all looked the same, but they kind of all looked the same, You know, from my perspective at the time. Right. So Like, It was like, well, no wonder someone called this in. It's fucking like, they all look like Saddam. You know what I mean? Right, right. And then on the outside, like, fuck man, the Ranger shot up these vehicles at the blocking position. I have my squad, my my summer major was like, Hey, go fucking clean up the bodies.


And I'm like, why the fuck am I on brains detail? I didn't fucking shoot no body today. And he's like, you're the only one with a regular pickup truck that could haul the bodies. Oof. And I'm like, fucker already thought it through. This is why this guy's the boss. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, and then a lesson learned that day is, You know, like in Iraq, you just drink water outta bottles and then throw 'em in your truck. Man, we were loading bodies in, there's fucking a hundred water bottles in the back of the bed. Someone would just come by the bed of the truck and throw an empty water bottle in, like at the house or whatever, right? And like, I'm throwing bodies and fucking shit in the back of my truck. And there's like bloody water bottles squirting everywhere.


It is a fucking mess, man. So I learned that day, like my vehicles are always clean, always fucking clean, man, from that day on. But Like, It was a fucking mess. And then, man, they shot up this fucking, this old man, this old lady, like they ran the checkpoint. They were about, they were about to hit the Humvee with the Rangers. So the kid shot at the driver, but like the kids didn't, the rangers back then didn't know as much as rangers know now, You know what I'm saying? And the kid like shot the warning shots at the driver, but he hit the brakes. And the fucking vehicle will never stop if you shoot the brakes, if, I don't know if You know that, but, And it fucking hit the Humvee, like fucking 40 miles an hour, broke the transmission.


And I had to clean up the bodies, had to set up an HLZ, take 'em later to the HLZ, You know what I mean? And it was like my, as my first Saddam raid in Iraq. And it was my first experience in Iraq with the Rangers. And like that day I was fucking fed up with them, You know, like there's some young fucking 18-year-old kid medic in the back of the truck. And like, I'm like, Hey, fucking give these people morphine. He's like, I'm not supposed to give the enemy morphine sergeant. You know what I mean? I'm like, yo, does anyone look like a fucking enemy to you here? Anyone fighting you in the back of the truck? Then? There is no fucking enemies here, bud.


Fucking give these people some drugs. So like, at least we ain't gotta fucking hear 'em moan and shit. You know what I mean? And like the kid, like, I had to force 'em to like fucking be humane. You know what I mean? Wow. Because he was just trying to follow orders later. Later they'd be so much better. Right? But beginning of the war, like my first, it wasn, my first Saddam hit, You know what I mean? And I was just thinking, fucking, this is gonna be awesome, man. That kid was shooting down the street with the 50 cow. Like imagine just a fucking city street in Austin, right? And you're parked in the middle of the road and you just shoot with a 50 cow off the top of a Humvee, You know, like eight feet off the ground through those tracer rounds would skip down the road. It was breaking glass, fucking going through cars, fucking, You know, 500 yards down the road.


Like, wow. People scattered, Like, it's amazing. You know? I mean, wow. 50 cows. Amazing. You know what I mean? And then I had a fucking pickup guts. But, well, This is the fucked up thing about it is like you, you went through all this chaos. You are uniquely qualified for chaos. For some strange reason. Love, chaos is my jam, man. As soon as this gets confusing, yo, I got this. You know what I mean? Like, but why is that? I don't fucking know. Seems to be what I do best. Yeah, I think so. Does That something that, like you accumulated this mindset over time? I don't know. Or did you just always have it? I think it was beaten into me.


Really? Yeah. Like think about it, when I was a kid, the house was chaotic. Yeah. You know what I mean? Right. You learn the, you learn the chaos. Right? And then it just, you're designed for that break glass in case of War. Yeah. Yeah. I guess So. I don't know. I think I'm a normal guy, but like people tell me I'm not, it's not normal. Yeah. I mean, I understand you. I understand you. I, it's not normal, but I understand you. Yeah. I mean, like, look, I just feel like, okay, we're all gonna die. I'm not gonna let it ruin my day. I've been through bad shit. I'm not the fucking victim. I've done bad shit. I'm not the fucking bad guy. You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. Like, and then having said that, it's like, I don't know, man, I, I think it affects everybody differently. But I think, You know, before I retired, I was burned out. I didn't know I was burned out. I was an asshole every day. Fucking, I was, You know, you'd, I mean, I just, fucking guys would come into my office, what do you want? Yeah. Too slow. Get the fuck out. When You know what you want, come back. You gotta be like, okay. Sorry. Sure. Well, You were operating at 10. Always. Always. Yeah. And then I learned, man, like I was having a lot. I fucking hated my life. I was miserable. I hated being a sergeant major. I hated being army management is what I called it. I'm not a leader, I'm not a follower.


I'm not a soldier. I'm fucking army management. And that shit is fucking dry fucking toast. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And I just got on a fucking Baghdad in oh six fucking killing people. Like, oh six was a great year, You know? And then I gotta sit on the fucking staff and do this shit. Like, It just fucking killing me, Joe. And then, so like, I wasn't a very good sergeant major, So I realized one day, like, man, I think I used to be funny. Like, You know, like when I was a kid, like I'd catch that beating if I could say that one fucking smart ass comment to you. I might get beat more, but I fucking said my piece. You know what I mean? Right. Even as a little kid, I'll take the beating to fucking call you an asshole.


Like, right. So like, I, I kind of maybe had that mindset going into it or something, You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, but yeah, man, I, I just think like, I think a lot of it just goes back to my childhood and being able to manage the chaos. One minute we're fighting the next minute, You know, someone's at the front door, like go answer's. The Crazy thing about it is that like, if you are, you're running a, you're running any branch of the military and you're asking a lot of people to find someone like you, that you can find someone who doesn't just accept this but thrives on it. That's like, try recreating that in a lab.


Fuck. You know what I'm saying? I don't know. I dunno. How do you, how do you make that? You can't, I don't know. I've only seen, like, I don't know. In my experience, of all the guys I know and all the combat I've seen, I'd say there's like just, I mean, You know, we're not, we're not the common guys. You know? You know what I mean? Many, maybe a dozen in my life that Makes sense. You guys on a group chat, Fuck no. Fuck no. You don't talk to nobody. You know what I mean? You'll never know who they are. Right. They ain't fucking talking to you. Me fucking nobody. You know what I mean? Right. And some, You know, of the, You know, I maybe know a dozen of those guys, eight probably still work for the dark side of the government as old men, wherever that is. Yeah.


And the other guys are like raising families and don't want you fucking with them. Right. You know what I mean? They don't do shit like this. Yeah. Guys like me don't do shit Like this. But the thing about it is, if you didn't talk about it, people wouldn't know. Right. Like, I think it's great that you talk about it. I think it's important. I think people need to, I mean, people need to, You know, we're trying to like, fill in an understanding of the world. And until you've talked to someone who's experienced a part of the world in a way, in a way that no one else has, you don't know that that's a thing. Right. Like, the fact that you can come and talk about this is a very good thing for everybody. Thank you.


Because people have been able to see like, okay, like this is, this is super complicated. Like this, the whole thing was super complicated. And to have a guy that could talk about navigating probably the most complicated aspect of this super complicated thing, and to actually thrive in it is very strange. Thank you. That's, I still think I'm normal, Joe. I think I'm a regular guy, So you're definitely not normal. But I under, but like I said, I understand you. Thanks man. I get it. But yeah, man. And look, I got some more items. You wanna see something else I've never showed off. So I talk about stories and some of my videos about being a taxi driver.


I also had another vehicle, it wasn an Uday ouse secret police vehicle. So when I drive this vehicle downtown, like the fucking sea would park, the road could be packed. And I drive in my vehicle and people just move. What Kind of vehicle was it? It was like a Maxima, a Nissan Maxima. But it's what the Uday secret police drove. Ah. You know what I'm saying? And then they carried these, and I'll show you. Check this out. Well, So the, the lion is the Babylon lion, and that's the, the symbol of the Republican Guard. But I used to carry that as a taxi driver.


And when I'd get out of the taxi, people would see that fucking gun and just fucking walk away. Wow. And that's a Republican. That's what the Republican guard rock those silver guns. It called. I say it's a pearl handle, but it's like plastic. Yeah, it's plastic. Yeah. Nothing fancy about it, But specific to them. Yeah. Wow. Let's see on there. Yeah, I had a guy make it for me. Oh, elk River tool handle. Yeah. Bozeman, Montana. There's only so many guys that'll do AKs, like, You know, like Right. You know what I mean? You, you want a, you want like a silver ak, what are you the cartel?


No, get the fuck outta here. You're not serious about guns. You know how many fucking noses I had to collect up? They're like, anyway, but that's my Republican guard. That's my taxi driver. Gun Man. So you had that made specifically Because you knew that they carried that? No, I captured that on the battlefield and carried it in Iraq. So that is one, but why does it say Bozeman, Montana? Oh, 'cause, well, 'cause okay, so if you bring one home, you get fired. Oh. But what I did, what I did is I took the hand guard in the pistol grip, and then I had a guy make a copy Of what I had. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Ah, Okay. So it's, it's, I mean, it's legal and everything, but so The, so the hand guard and the pistol grip is from the original gun.


Right. But that's exactly what the original gun looked like. Wow. Because it, I didn't want, look, when you're in the, like, you wanna get fired for bringing back an ak Right. Fucking, You know what I mean? Right. Like dumb, like Right. You know what I mean? Like Right. It's not worth the risk. Right. But like, it's like, Hey, can I bring this hand guard back? Like the fuck you want that garbage for? That's a yes. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then it took me a while to get, but yeah, that guy built it for me. Wow. Just got, it kind of matches the hat. Everybody I know likes to take a picture with that and the hat. So it's kind of popular, but Wow. Yeah. The hat's been in Texas here for a very long time. Been stored in Texas.


Got it. Documented about as much as possible as I can can some Fucking nightmares in I Know. Hey, You know, anybody that would might want it. What? You were selling it. Yeah. I bet somebody want that. Yeah. I don't, I don't want it. Yeah. I don't wanna wanna keep that in my house. No. Fuck no. Joe, why do you think I keep it in a black fucking box, man? Yeah. Like, yeah, I don't want it, but I know there is people out there that would treat it better than me. Like, I mean, I crammed it in a box. Yeah. Well, And the, the guy that stored it for me put it in glass, You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, he kind of knew what he was doing. Actually, I had it stuffed in a bag. You know what? That would be good for Zach bag's haunted museum. Mm.


In Vegas. Have You ever of that? Do You know Zack? No. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I hear that place is fucking creepy. It's creepy. My brother said it was fucking creepy. It's fucking creepy. Like creepy. And My brother likes creepy shit. And he was freaked out. Oh. He's got everything in that place. Know he's got Caans Van. I know where he killed Those people. Hey, he's got the Camaro from fucking, the Waco. What's Koresh? Does He, and like the Serial? I don't think So. I thought he bought the Camaro from s You were gonna Yeah. Yeah. Wasn't c serial number like I Am God or something. Was it? Wasn't it the serial number? It's A 68 Camaro And it was for sale. And I came that close to pulling the trigger on it. But I was like, I don't want that fucking bad juju in my life. That's it. 68 Camaro from Deadly Siege, Zach Beggings.


Oh. Oh. He does have, so he bought it. So Zach bought it. Yeah. It wasn the one selling it, I think. Oh, he's selling it now. So he got it. It was for sale 23. This was from a, no, this it was for sale quite a while ago. And I was gonna buy it. Holy shit. Shit. Holy shit. Somebody, somebody emailed me and told me that they know I love old muscle cars. And they said, Koresh is Camaro's for sale. I was like, Ooh. And I went like this, let me buy it. Then I was like, no. The fuck am I gonna do with this? Yeah, Yeah. I'd rather buy one that has no history. Yeah. I have a 69. Yeah. I love them. I, I love old muscle cars. So I was thinking about it, but I was like, no, no, no, no, no, no. You don't want that in your life. You don't Want that. I, I had a 67 Camaro when I was a kid.


Look at the title. David Ssh, Waco, Texas. What's the Jesus Christ? Does the serial number say I am God or something? No, it seems normal. Look at the Vin numbers normal. It's a normal VIN number. Fucking crazy Asshole. Yeah, that guy. I, when You know, you went to the mothership last night. Yeah. Yeah. I was gonna buy another building before that. It wasn run by a cult. And they moved out here. It was called, I forget what the, what was the name? The Bodhi Tree? Is that what it was called? Anyway, there's a documentary on it. It's called Holy Hell. So this guy, this guy, he was a yoga teacher in West Hollywood and he was a gay porn star and a hypnotist.


So this fucking guy, He got a lot of ass. So what the Bode Field. That's it. Thank you. So Waco goes off, right? And then the Cult Awareness Network starts investigating him. And he's running this cult in West Hollywood. So he escapes in the middle of the night and drives out to Texas, moves to Austin, tells everybody come here and they all move out to Austin. And then he has them build this place. It's called the One World Theater. And all the cult members ran this place for years until they figured out that this guy was fucking everybody. One guy sends out a mass email, say, Hey, this guy's been hypnotizing me and buttfuck me for the last 10 years. And everybody's like, me too.


And so then they all find out that he's fucking everybody, this guy. So they all leave the cult falls apart, the building's for sale. So I swoop in when I move here, the building's for sale, Ron White tells me about the building being for sale. He's like, this building's fucking awesome. I performed there. You should get, you should buy it. So Ron White's my hero, so I'm like, I'll buy it. Fuck it. Yeah. You know, I need a clo, we're gonna open up a comedy club, let's open it up in this place. But all sorts of problems with the building code. This, that lot of environmental, lot of shit. So I get out of it, but I bought the building before I watched the documentary. Mm. So I watched the documentary and I'm like, oh no.


Same thing. It's like these fucking people, the, all the lives lost. They lived 20 years. These poor people wasted 20 years of their life following this fucking asshole. And he's got this building. But the reason why he bought the building was 'cause of Waco. So Waco, when Waco pops off, they, they were like, oh geez, these cults are fucking dangerous. So the Cult Awareness Network starts going after everybody. So this guy moves here and changes his name. So, because I was like, back then you could kind of change. Yeah. No internet. You could do that. You could kind of change your name and know Oh, It is a different guy. And so he builds, he has his whole, all his followers build him this theater. Mm. So for a brief period of time, I was under contract for that theater. Did you Go in there building? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Did it, was it creepy in there?


It was a Little weird. This guy would like, he had this theater, this beautiful theater. He had it built so he could dance in front of his followers so he could perform in front of his followers. He was a weird cat. He was like a really handsome guy when he was younger. But then as he got older, he started getting plastic surgery. He got look real weird. Oh. And he would like be thinking about getting something done. So he'd force one of his followers to go get it done. And so they'd get it done. They'd come back with their fucking cheeks. So he's like, Hmm, I kinda like that. And then he would go and get the, the surgery done. At the end of it, the end of the documentary, he looks really fucking weird. 'cause he's got like Botox and fucking cheek and all weird shit to his face.


Yeah. But the feeling in the building was just like, like of loss. That's what it felt like. Loss. Loss Just, just, oh no. Yeah. You know, like, like you don't wanna buy a house from some people that they went bankrupt and they lost everything and their family fell apart. Then you're in the house like, Ooh, this house feels like sadness. Yeah. Yeah. That's, I felt like we could burn some sage and fucking party in there for a few days. We'll clean it up, Get some good energy. But now I'm glad. I'm glad that that didn't happen. I'm Glad. Yeah. Why even go through that? Yeah. Well it was kind of funny at first I thought it was funny until IF You know, a cult owned it. Oh, this is funny. And then my buddy Adam called me up and goes, Hey, you watched a documentary on that cult? I was like, oh no.


There's a documentary That's never good. Yeah. They don't write doc make documentaries about the good cults. No. And it was a fucking, it was horrible. At the end of the documentary, like, you're tearing up, you're like, oh, these poor fucking people. 'cause these so many people, they, some people are just gullible and they, they're not bad people. They just want someone better than them to tell them how to live life. Yeah. That's all. It's, they need something. Yeah. They need Someone, they need something. They're missing something. Whatever it is, something went wrong. Yeah. And they're willing to believe a lot of really ridiculous shit. Yeah. And then 20 years later they realized they wasted their life. People do A lot of weird shit. Call it religion, You know what I mean? Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And it wasn this place. Yeah. But it wasn because of Waco that this, this guy built this thing.


Yeah. Damn. The Waco thing's fucked. You ever watch the the Raid? I know. Yeah. I mean the raid kind of like, we got the briefings back in the day. Like, You know, the raid was a couple years old, but Yeah. Yeah, I know about the raid. It was pretty fucked. I mean, they just cooked those people. Yeah. They burned it down. Oh Yeah. I can see the tanks like shooting fire into the buildings. Yeah. And they're like, I don't know what happened. Caught fire. Yeah. Fire. Like It was back in the nineties when you could kind of get away with something like that. Yeah. And people didn't really know. Yeah. Yeah. Like, well we didn't know it would burn. Well, it is made of wood, like Yeah. But I mean, and We shot fire at it. I mean, I don't know what happened. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy.


Alright, you ready? I got some other stuff. What, What else you got? What else you got?


So check us out. I got, I got a swag bag for you. Okay. I got a bunch of stuff I make that I do. Right. So I just kind of wanna, I like to do this. Right. Look, I got ya. The SOB hat. This is the best hat we sell right here. It's the one, I wear this on the range every day. Okay. I got your same t-shirt as me team. SOB shirt. Right. Well, welcome to the team, Joe. Thank you. We're glad to have you. One of my second favorite shirt of all times is this. And I wear this every day when I elk hunt. Do you really? Yeah. Oh wait. Oh no. This is the wrong one. I got a shirt. I, I sell these shirts. They're called slaughter things and it's all I wear in elk camp. You know what I mean? But look, we got you shut up. Hippie shirt. I sell a ton of these. Like, I wear these normally. What are they? They knives, eyes, The bullets. Bullets. Bullets. Got your shut up hippie shirt. I, when I go to California, teach California classes, I, I wear a shut up hippie shirt all the time. And then tons of guys buy him. I had a guy, he comes to my classes, he's a younger kid, he's tall, got a young family. Right. They go to I think Asheville, North Carolina. And they're eating at like some destination, like, you gotta go eat here. And it's a bus. So he's a big guy. Right. And he's in this like school bus and it's where you gotta orders in this old school bus. So he said like, my shoulders almost touching the ceiling. And he had to put his head down and he had his shut up hippie shirt on behind him. And some, eh, some hippie behind him was like, you better be careful wearing that shirt. You'll get your ass kicked around here. Right. Hey. And he, and he says, he looks back and he pulled up his shirt and he said, better make it a gunfight. And they shut the fuck up. Oh, That's hilarious. Yeah. Well, north Carolina's gonna get your Ass kicked. That's so funny. By hippies. That's so funny. Okay. That's the most gentle ass kicking of all time. Yeah. Thank you for that. You know what I mean? Yeah. Okay. I got your condom holster. I make these 365. It's your EDC. Yeah. You, you make these outta leather, right? Yeah. They're made outta leather. I saw this on Chocho. Yeah. Nice. Yeah, it's a, it's all I use. It's all I wear. It is the most comfortable holster here and this's all this stuff for you. Oh, thank you. I'll give you The bag too also. Oh, oh, I got a bag. Okay. So check this out. Here's another thing I use all the time. The cooling smog. So basically, oh, okay. I saw This too. You know what the, You know the smogs, right? Yeah. Yeah. Basically I made a cooling towel the size of a sch smog. Okay. So like when I'm on the range, literally I just dump a bottle of water in my neck. The fucking thing absorbs it. What's it Made out Of? It's the cooling material, You know, like the cooling towel material. Oh, okay. Right, right. The, the problem with most cooling towels is they're not big enough. So it's like one layer on your neck And it dries in like two minutes. This Right, this, you could kind of get double it up, pour water on it, it'll stay cool for Long. What is that cool. 'cause I've seen people, they, they're making gear enc close out of like this cooling material. Yeah. What is it? What is it? I don't know. I think it's Like It, the way it's woven to where when the water drains out of it, it cools quicker. Right. And it's materials that cool quicker or feel cool to the touch. Yeah. Kind of deal without knowing what it is. I've heard like people talk about clothes that they make outta this. They're Like, it's really legit. Like for whatever reason it like keeps you cooler. I would wear t-shirts on the range made of that shit every fucking day. I'm outside. Yeah. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Hmm. Especially in the heat, You know what I mean? Okay. So check it out. I got you a couple slings. I don't know if you have rifles, but, okay. I hundred percent made in America. Everything on the sling is made. There's a cutie on there. I make traditionally cuties in the gun world. If somebody wants to buy any of this stuff, where do they get it? Online. Sheriff of Baghdad. Joe Sheriff of baghdad.com. That's right. Okay. That's right. Okay. Here's another thing. I got you punchers punch daggers. Oh, okay. So it's G 10. I got, I got a few of them here. Oh, Okay. So this doesn't even go through a metal detector. That's right. There's a, there's no metal in the sheath. It's all plastic screws. A cleans up easy. It won't no DNA. You could clean it in diesel fuel. It'll wash all the DNA off diesel fuel. Yeah. You're watching anything. Is that the move alcohol? Yeah. Diesel Fuels The move. I think so. Yeah. Just go To the gas station. Get Get on canisters. Yeah, you could, you could do fucking dish soap, but you can't permeate the plastic. It'll come clean and I sharpen 'em with a, I sharpen 'em normally with like 400 grit sandpaper. Do you really? I just shar And it was sandpaper. Wow. But the reason I made it is I, I always wanted something where, like you, I was always wearing my body armor Right. And I wanted to just put the punch dagger right in the center. That way if something happen I could get it Right. Boom and just start fucking punching. I mean the whole problem with knives is you gotta learn how to use a knife, but with a punch dagger, if you could throw a punch Right. You could bury that thing in someone's neck. You know what I mean? Like, which is what I would tell anyone. You know, Jamie's been looking for one of of those for a while, haven't you Jamie? Yeah. For Carl. When Carl gets outta Line. Yeah. Hey, it'll clean the DNA off. Sand it down a little alcohol. Okay. Another thing I made, and this is super important, I call these combat bands. It's a high temperature silicone, but it's a rubber band. The, so what here is when like when I carry this rifle, I'd put a sling on it. But if I'm in, in and out of vehicles, the sling is always just hanging somewhere. Right? Right. So I put the rubber band on the gun and then I just weave the sling underneath the rubber band. So If this touches, the barrel doesn't melt. Right. Right. And then back in the day I had to use actual rubber bands for parachutes And it fucking lasts a day. Like in the heat in Texas, a rubber band will last one day in a car. Well, well that's only one day I might, I gotta go to out every day in my car. Right. So when I retired, it's one of the things I wanted the most. So I made 'em the guys use them, like put suppressor covers, hold them on their bar, You know, on their suppressors. You Have great videos online, like instructional videos, like how to fight out of your car. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Like They're, they're really like informative. Yeah. Like, like things I didn't think I was interested in learning. Then I started watching this, like, this guy's fucking thought this shit through. It's all I did Joe. Like, and I'm, look, I'm a simple guy. Let me just show you how I did this. Right. Maybe you come up with a better way. I don't know. Right, right. And, but I think this is like, this is the difference between the army and the unit. In the Army. They're like, here's a gun kid. Go use it in the unit. They're like, let me show you to the nth degree how to use that rifle. So when something happens, guess what? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's the difference between showing someone something and teaching someone something. Right. And I think those are different. Yeah. And I think, I think that's what the unit was good at. Here's some of my favorite things. The boot kits, Solomon boots were made for the military. I've been wearing Solomon boots. You'll see a set of Solomon boots in the Saddam picture. I Hunted with them this year. Yeah. Yeah. It's all I wear are Solomon's. Right. Well if you got the quests, You know how the laces kind of come. Yep. So Like the running shoes too. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So I turn 'em into like the running shoes. Nice. Yeah, we sell a ton of those. Okay. And what do you do with the extra lace? Cut It off. You just cut it off? I, I loosen the boot where I get my foot out and I cut the excess off and put the end on. Ah. So, So I don't have like three feet of laces. I only have like eight or 10 inches. You know what I mean? Right, right. Six inches, whatever. It's Okay. These are smart. These are some of my best things. This is a, I would call it a scribe tool, right. In the fact set that it's a carpenter pencil. Makes sense. You know a carpenter pencil. Sure. But the middle is G 10. Oh. Same thing as the punch knife. So it's for stabbing. Yeah. A lot of guys carry 'em go through metal detectors. A lot of guys carry 'em. Airports like these things. Right. I get pictures of these things everywhere. Yeah. I made it fist size so you could punch with it or kind of get a good stab with it if you wanted. You know what I mean? Something I always wanted smart. Yeah. Yeah. I have a pencil like that. Yeah. Someone gave me. Yep. Yep. Okay. So check this out. You here's a bunch of stickers. We make some of the things that happen on the range blind guys. I always tell 'em they can't see shit. You know how like when you shoot and guys like really push their butt backwards? I call that the prison wallet. You know what I mean? I'd be like man, showing me your prison wallet. You know what I mean? So there's a lot of stickers or like funny shit. I tell guys all the time, like a guy will be shooting good all day long at the end of the day, he'll fuck something up and I'll just come up. All I gotta do is whisper to a guy, be like, sucks to suck, don't it. And a guy will be like shut, shut the fuck up. You know what I mean? So all the stickers are just funny shit that happens on the range. Right. And then look, this is the premise of the NRA show we talked about earlier is I made a little card. The gun world is sketchy information at best. Generally speaking of where your bullets go and why like it's fucking magic. This is about eye dominance. Yeah. One side's eye dominance. The other one is how to fix yourself, where the bullets go and why. Mm. Makes sense. Yeah. So look, this edge grip, Well How are you gonna, yeah, Yeah. So look, this edge is tension On the left hand. Yep. And then like you use this edge. So if your group is generally tall, right. You got stance


issues. And then as you see your group, whatever angle it's on the arrows, point to it and tell you how to fix it. Oh, interesting. Now backside eye dominance, this is where the gun world fucks up. And I'll tell you this, the gun world talks about two things for eyes. Primary hand, primary eye, right-handed, right eye dominant. Right. They talk about being cross eye dominant. Right-handed, left eye dominant. Right. Right. Okay. Here's how the vision I think really works. Okay. Being primary hand. Primary eye is the guy who makes all the rules in shooting, you should open your eyes, right? You should do this. Right? Right. He makes all the rules. But the reality is, is his vision is his right eye.


On a scale of one to 10, he'll tell you borderline 11. 'cause it's that fucking good. You know what I mean? Borderline 11 in the good eye. Ask him the vision in his other eye and he's gonna tell you heart eight. It's not really so good. This guy will always be able to keep the other eye open. Makes sense? Ah, yes. Okay. Now these are the same thing. It whether your primary hand, primary eye, or cross eye dominant, it's the same thing. You have a strong eye and a weak eye and the strong eye takes over. Doesn't fucking matter. Strong eye takes over. Right? Fucking easy for you. Okay? This is one out of 10. The other nine are what I call eye neutral, right?


They don't have a dominant eye and either eye could take over at any time because either eye on a pistol could see the sights at any time, right? And this is where people get fucked up. That makes sense. With archery too. A hundred percent. It's the same. I don't Like to keep both eyes open. Yeah. I've tried it. Yeah. Well that's 'cause you're what I would call eye neutral. Say what I'm saying? Yeah. And then I would, I would also say this, if you have a gray hair on your head, you are closer to being eye neutral than any eye dominant any fucking thing because of life. Mm. Right. And, and the reason I would tell you that is because the part of the brain that works, the eyes is like the part of the brain that works. The ears. It's the part of the brain that works, the legs and the arms.


Right? They work all these things on your subconscious, I think work better together and are stronger together. What do I mean by that? You know, You know, when it comes to leg days, dudes are like, dude, man, bro, on a squat, 500 on leg day. Okay? Does that mean you can do 250 pounds with one leg? No, you can't. Probably. Right? 'cause the legs are stronger together than they are independently. Right. And this is a function of the, the, the deep part of your brain, the fast part of your brain. Right? So having said that, you can't choose an ear, can you? Right. The only way you can choose an eye is the eyelid, which has nothing to do with vision or dominance. See what I'm saying? That Makes sense. I've never heard anybody say that before.


But now that you're saying it, yeah. I'm like, okay. Yeah. So if you look at the card, right? If you're like right-handed, right eye dominant, you should be hitting in the middle of the circle there. Right. But if your left eye takes over, look where the rounds will go. And it'll always be, look, it'll always be eye distance apart on your target. So people that have eye issues, they don't shoot one group, they shoot two groups, one for each eye, and the gun goes left eye, right eye, left eye right eye. Evan was telling me that he learned to practice left-handed a lot. Yeah. And he practices things even though he is right hand dominant. Yeah. Right eye. He's Like, It helped the right side to practice with the left side.


Yeah. Do you subscribe to that? Yes, I do. And I'll tell you why. Before I retired from the army, I tore my bicep outta my, outta my left arm. I'm left-handed. So I went and turned in all my left-handed holsters and got right-handed holsters. And I was like, I'm gonna train myself to be right-handed from here forward. 'cause the VA said I'd never use my left-hand again. So I was like, okay, fuck you guys. I'll be a righty. You can't slow me down. You know what I mean? Right. And then I started training as a righty. Took me about two weeks. I was fucked up. It was tough, You know what I mean? I had to stick with it. Fucking, a lot of frustrating days. And after about two weeks, my brain just transferred all that skill to the right hand and I just fucking rocked it from then on out.


And it Makes sense Because you have this mental memory of excellence with one side. You just have to, Well, think about this. If, if you actually knew perfect practice, you could switch that to the other hand. Right. But if you never knew perfect practice, the other hand would get the same garbage. Right. That makes sense. Yeah. So I think completely makes sense. And I've never heard anybody say it before. E everybody says you should keep both eyes open. Well, You should. But the guy who made that rule has a strong eye and a weak eye. And he can do that right. Where you, your brain, when I say someone is eye neutral, your brain treats your eyes as equal. What does that mean? Your vision could be shit. It could be great, but the brain says, I got two windows. I look out of this one.


Eh, let me look out of that one. And you'll, and You're going back and forth. You'll see the gun move, you'll see the head move and there, and then most of the time it just like, it's no good. You're just not seeing it. Good. Make sense? It does. Are you one of those guys that resists red dots? Or do you, do You I don't give a shit. You know what I mean? But did bring that shit. Did you ever resist at all? Or do you So Because iron sight never fail, they're always there. Yeah. No batteries. I am not a red dot guy. I'm an iron site guy. However, let me explain myself. The internet knows me as a red dot hater, but You know, I'm taking that video and I'm gonna draw one line through that red dot back to your face. And if it don't point exactly to your eye, you're shooting and not seeing shit.


And every time I show this to somebody, they're like, so you're against Red Dots? No, you're never gonna catch the red dot unless you get better technique. You know what I'm, you get better technique with iron sites. Well, no, you could have good technique with a red dot also, if you had fucking good technique and someone showed it to you, but no one shows it to you. Right. The next thing with the red.is the red.is great for guys who don't see, well, because what happens is the red dot becomes in between you, your I and the target makes sense, essentially. Right. So you'll be able to see that. But what no one tells you is it's harder to learn, harder to master.


So you need it, but you need to train with it properly. Or it's not doing, why Is it harder to learn? Few reasons. You know, the, if you look at pro shooters, high level pro shooters, guys that are like fucking insanely fast winning, You know, national Ipsy, champs, Rob, Rob Latham, Dave Ney. You look at these guys, what you'll see is like, they're so much more efficient than anyone else. Right. And they'll use a way bigger site. Like I think the winningest site of all time in like gun games is, it's like the Seymour STS, but it's like more of the size of a beer can than, than It is a little tactical site.


Right. So now when you shrink that thing down to a postage stamp, they put a coating on it So it doesn't fucking reflect or whatever, but you can't see through it. Well, and they curve the glass, which anyone who shoots rifle scopes will tell you fisheye is a fucking real thing. Right. But this red dot has all these things going on, and it's supposed to be better for a guy who don't see shit. Mm. That's interesting. And it just becomes harder to do. And then once you show 'em how to get it right, like they'll never have problems again. But it's all about showing 'em how to get it. Right. Right, right. And then no one talks about that because they're stuck on you can't use the right eye or they never get past that point. How important is it to teach people the right way the first time so they don't have to unlearn shit, Man.


Everyone has a preconceived notion of what they think they should do, whether you've shot before or not. And I'm gonna have to unfuck that No matter what. No Matter what. So it's like, You know, it's like kind of like in the dojo where it's like, okay, I want you to do like 20 good 20 shitty arm bars and then we will, we'll get the hips better on the next 20. We'll tweak the hand on the next 20. We'll, do You know what I mean? Like, get some of them bulk movements down first. Right. And then we keep fine tuning. Right. Fine tuning. Yeah. So it doesn't matter if, I mean, look, even if, even if you learned how to punch from John Jones on your first day, you wouldn't go out and win a match that night.


Right. You know what I mean? So I think it's like, I always, I tell people this all the time. 1% better a day. Just 1%. That's what I'm looking for today. If I can be 1% better today than I was yesterday, well that's 365% by the end of the year. And I didn't do much every day. Right. You know what I mean? So I always tell people like shooting or a skill, like this is a marathon, not a sprint. Right. So it's better. And That's, that's with everything, right? Yeah. I think so. Yeah. Think so too. You know, and I tell you, you like, You know, if you, if if you think you're gonna have to pull a gun and save your family one day, you should be practicing a few times a week. Yeah. You know, And it doesn't have to be much, but you should be practicing a little bit.


Yeah. Getting this gun out shouldn't be a shock to you when the time comes. 'cause it's not gonna come to you then. Right. Yeah. That's great advice. Yeah. Do you enjoy teaching? I fucking love teaching. I love helping people. Now that I'm doing jits again, a lot of people want me to show 'em like fucking cars and guns and jits and guns. And I don't know if I'm ready to take my sanity pastime and turn it into work. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I understand. So I I, I play with guns now and a lot of guys have told me I need to be like, You know, like the car bailouts, like all this shit. Like I do, I'm afraid to ruin jiujitsu as work.


So I've been, I've been reluctant and I always tell people I'll never teach juujitsu, but like, I fucking teach anyone everything. I mean, if we can get better today, let's talk about it. Let's try it thing. Think about teaching Juujitsu though, is I think it makes you better at Juujitsu. I think it's selfish. Hundred percent. I think it's like a good thing for you. Well, okay, You know this, you're a black belt, right? Every day you went to a dojo, you were trying to hand that black belt his ass, and then you get your black belt, and now everyone, every day the rest of your life is trying to hand you your ass. You know what I mean? It's a fucking thankless Job. Yeah. No, I Love it. But there's no day where no one's trying to hand you your ass. Fuck. Yeah. Let's go. That's the beautiful thing about Jiujitsu too. I know.


Like you don't really Yeah. You don't catch any breaks. You might get a one day where there's like, oh, there's only blue belt here. I love it when someone forces me into like real survival mode. Mm. Now I'm not talking about like, yeah, You know, you got a triangle and I'm just gonna ride this. I'm talking like someone, like, I'm like, fucking I gotta do something now. Yeah. I fucking love that man. Like, How are you, How are you avoiding injuries? Okay. So first and foremost, I started out, I don't even take Motrin. I try to take no drugs after I got off the pills from the VA and started getting active and You know, I try not to take any medicines at all. I went to Master Worlds and motherfuckers are yoked up fucking and the gear is out.


You know what I mean? I mean, like, these motherfuckers are working out since last year just to fucking stroke a motherfucker today. Right? Yep. So like, I was a little unprepared this year for worlds in that aspect, but I'm all for the peptides. I'm all for the tr I'm not against any of it per se. And, and I think that's a, I did the peptides. I just, I'm not a, I don't, I don't like shots like Right. And I won't give myself a shot. You were talking about that on Sean Ryan show. Yeah, yeah. You know, like idea Something pie Piercing your skin. It's Like, yeah. Like, I don't like that. I don't know why that's so weird. Like, I know. It's so weird. A guy's been through everything that you've been through is like, needles sketch me out.


I mean, just give it, it doesn't hurt. Like I'm not a sissy about it, but it's like, but Peptides are so easy though. I know. Well, I took the pill, I took the, I took the pill Once. PBC 1 57. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I'll tell you like, super Legit, What is it? Gary Breca, that guy. Yeah. He talks about redheaded people. I'm a redheaded people. I got pale skin, You know, Redheaded people have better pain tolerance. Yeah. I, well, I take drugs different. I think there's a thing about that though, because see, Google that redheaded people have better pain Tolerance. Hey, my whole life I've taken drugs differently. Like, I don't get Percocet, I get Dilaudid. Ah. So I think like, you, you like When you got roofed, like everybody else conked out.


Yeah. I'm just in over party mode. Like, But you are also talking about on Sean's show that you take, you have the thing that Jamie has where you can take a lot of edibles and you don't feel it. Oh Yeah. The, the we wee gummies are look at Fucking worse. Some studies have found that redheads have a lower pain threshold, but other studies have found the opposite. Oh, okay. So it's all fucked up. Inconclusive, Who knows? Inconclusive. Yeah. But yeah, Man, just depends on the individual. So, but I will tell you this, it healed my stomach and my healing went from like a week or two to like Yeah. Four days. B, BC one 50 seven's very legit. Yeah. And then, so anyway, I want to do more in the future. I'd like to, I kind of wanna do it all.


Like, I mean, I'm fucking, I'm 54, Man. Yeah. I mean, that's why I was Asking you like Yeah, yeah. What are you do, what are you doing to avoid injuries? So, okay. So besides that, I do cardio. A couple years ago, my first elk hunt, my first elk bow hunt, You know, we ride up to like 9,000 feet and then like, walked up three miles from there. Yeah. Like, yo, I was two 80 at one time. It wasn a fucking hell of a walk for a big fat motherfucker up that fucking mountain. And then I hunt with these old guys, and then the two guys I was with, like, two of the guys have hearing aids and the other from guns, right? Huh? From guns? I don't know. They're just older. Whatever. Their ears blow out. Yeah. Yeah. They're hunters, right?


Yeah. So both of 'em got hearing aids and the front one looks back to the second one. Both good friends of mine like, and was like, turn your hearing aids down so you ain't gotta hear 'em breathe so fucking loud. And I'm like, I heard you mother, fuck you. Like, so I told myself like, I was gonna start walking 30 minutes a day and it wasn fucking hard. And then now I do like an hour of cardio. I could run, but I don't, but I started again, I need to be running a little bit for cardio. I, I treat strength as two different things. I spent about a year with 15 pound dumbbells, just like rehabbing, motion movement joints.


And it was a lot of fucking pain. And then, You know, now I'm, I'm getting stronger every day. I've been, You know, power athlete, big John. But I kind of look at strength two different ways. I try to do strength days where it's like the traditional squats, deads, like all the big ones, push pulls, all of it covered all. And then I see it as a conditioning, as something separate. Right. And conditioning would be lighter weight, like CrossFit, like round. Right, right, right, right. Without knowing how to say it better. Yeah. So, but the steps, fucking, I'm gonna tell you this. I'll tell anybody this. You wanna fucking start losing weight. It starts at 10,000 fucking steps a day. Get your ass out there, start fucking walking.


And then the next thing I did is I went to a competition class by Sean's in Tennessee. And I got a diet, I got workouts, I got an app. I tracked my diet. I did right before Worlds I was at 170 grams of protein, 1800 calories a day. Oh, so you're very strict about it. Yeah. And I shredded weight. I cut, I cut down. I was probably two 40. I cut down to 2 22 as the smallest human being in the fucking 2 22. 'cause everyone's yoked up like fucking mad men. And they probably all cut weight too. Well, my coaches were like, You know, and I can't believe I even listened to this, but they're like, man, it's the 55 bracket.


Like it's guys like you. This is their pastime. You know what I mean? 55 today is not the same. Yo, these motherfuckers will come. This is fucking killer season out at this bitch. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like I was unprepared for, man, I had this big Mongolian motherfucker, You know, Edwin, Edwin Jammy? No, You know, Edwin, Edwin Gracie, Barra, Tarzana, California. Right. Edwin's like a juujitsu legend. He's at Worlds. Who's your coach? I didn't fucking have a coach. It's me and my backpack and a gee, let's fucking get this fight going, bitch. Right? And he's like, well, coach. And I'm like, well, okay. You know what I mean? I don't got a coach. And then like right before we walk out on the mat, he's like, yo, ref, are they the same weight class?


And I'm like, yo, my man Ed, this is my coach right here, my man. Like, You know what I mean? But like, this dude was fucking huge. And he was one of them Mongolian jacket wrestlers who'd done this? Oh, I've seen that. I Couldn't, I couldn't get the take down. And then we went down on the ground, he tried, he hit me with a, like a fucking paper cutter, popped my head out, tried to choke me again. Fucking got out of it. But as I was getting up, I knew I needed to keep this guy in the ground. But guess what, man, when you get in trouble, guess what you do? You stand the fuck up. And this dude stand up. And I knew I wasn't getting my two points back. And then I was just fucking exhausted. Like I was fucking gas. Decided To ramp up their conditioning. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Man.


This year I'm fucking winning world. I'm fucking world champion, Joe. I'm the toughest old motherfucker. I fucking know, You know, God dammit, let's fucking go. I'm gonna figure this shit out. But I will tell you, I think what I didn't know is you gotta train to compete, to compete well, and I fucking fight and I wanna fight and I want to get smashed and I wanna fucking, I wanna almost lose this fight 10 fucking times to finally get that fucking submission on you. And that's a great fight to me. And like, yo, yeah. Yeah. You just lost 13 points on that. Right. And then if you don't get the submission, you just lost 13 points on that. You know what I mean? Like, so it's interesting. It's a different animal's Interesting about treating it like the sport versus what you get out of it.


Yeah. What you like, And I'll tell you this is like, I probably could have changed the match if I would've pulled guard around three minutes in. I ain't never pulled guard in my fucking life. Like what kind of fucking asshole pulls fucking guard. Well, I figured it out. I'll tell you what kind of asshole when you can't take a bigger motherfucker down. Yeah. This is maybe what pulling guards for. Yeah. Or in the real world, walk the fuck away. Yeah. Before you fucking just get fucking smashed out here. You know what I mean? Yeah. Thinking you're something you ain't Do you spend a lot of time practicing off your back because a lot of times with big guys, they don't Like, yo, I'll start there. Fucking get my neck. Let's go. You can't take, I will give you my back just to fucking get out.


I don't give a fuck, man. Good. I love that. That's Great. That's great. I, I always like, honestly, when I, when I'm like, when I'm just at the dojo, like girls or smaller people Right, right. Like I, I try not to smash 'em. Right. And, and I'll tell 'em like, Hey, if I get on top, just fucking sweep me. Right. Stay on top of me the whole time. And I just fucking let 'em go at Me like, yeah, your Best shit would just Pretend that I'm weak. Yeah. When I would roll with someone who's weak, I would pretend I'm weak. Yeah. And like that's, I think that's the best way to do it. Yeah. Like no strength. I'm never gonna use strength. Yeah. I think that's, SSON always said the, that defense was more important than anything he said. Yeah. I am always safe no matter where I am, I am always safe defense.


You're fucking, Hey, your Hixson is great, by the way, dude. You see Choke? You seen the documentary? I Have not seen Choke Dude, but I just finished his new book, the Dark One. Dark, dark Hixson came out with a new book. I just, I just audiobook the other other day. This is Because he's got Parkinson's now. Yeah. But You know, he's got the Breathe book. But he just came out with a new one. I just listened to it like last week, You know what I mean? Yeah. But You Gotta watch Choke. I got to one of the greatest documentaries of all time. I know, I've heard that for a martial artist. I've heard that fucking incredible. It's Hixson in his prime competing in Japan Valley Tudo. And just, you see him training and doing his yoga and all the crazy breathing shit where his stomach sucks up inside of him.


I don't even know how to do that. Yeah. Yeah. He, when when he was testing me my purple belt, he was like, yes, yes. Yeah. When, when I lay on the ground, I am flat. He's like, when you lay on the ground, you are not flat. You should roll more. I'm like, are you, I know You know enough English just to call me fucking fat. You know what I mean? But God damn it, you should roll more. Yeah. I should roll. Yeah. And he, he's, he's showing me like rolls from side control, getting outta stuff because I am more around than I am flat. And it's kind of like, You know, fat guy should roll more. It's hard to stop. You know what I mean? Right. Like, So he had, there's some real fucking wisdom in there, You know what I mean?


Yeah. But it's like, I always like how like they know enough English to assault you, but they'll say it like their way, You know? Yes, you are. It's Just being practical. Yeah, Yeah. No, it's just real talk. And that's what he does. Yeah. Yeah. That guy. It's pretty Cool getting your purple belt from that guy. I am the only person, so Okay. I had to do the paperwork. You know, there's other like, big time Hickson black belts out there that kind of police up all everybody. So when you go to Worlds or you fight, You know, like these guys. And they told me they would, they'd get me under their paperwork, but literally I did the paperwork with I-B-J-J-F and I sent it to SSON and he filled out the paperwork, but like, I didn't know, I sent him the paperwork and it's like one of them forms where you just sign it with your finger on your phone, like super easy.


Right. I sent it to sson, I was like, Hey Coach, we got a form, we gotta find a sign. And he's not, he's not a member of any of these organizations anymore. So like, I didn't know how this would go. And they like sent me a fucking paper copy and they're like, have Mr. Gracie sign this signature. Right. So I, I texted to Hicks and I'm like, Hey coach, can you sign my paperwork for Worlds real quick? And he texted me right back and he's like, Hey Champ, I'm looking for a printer now. As soon as I find one, I'll sign this. And I was just thinking, fuck, I don't even know who's got a printer. I don't even have a printer in my fucking house. Like if Dickson's looking for a printer, I'm, I think he just told me no. You know what I mean? Like Right, right, right. Like, fuck.


And then like a couple days later he, he sent it back to me. Signed. Right. I think probably his wife was like, oh, Hixson. Yeah. Look. Yeah. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. Figured that. I just didn't think, I think he kind of didn't know, but he got back to me and then they sent me, I had to do this a few times. And then I was the only guy, I'm the only Belte guy fighting under Hickson in Masters right now. Wow. Yeah. That's pretty fucking cool. Yeah. And then I would say this for Juujitsu, for me is like, I'm so glad it is where it is these days. 'cause back in the day, I mean, think about this. Back in the day, I travel all the time. I'm in a different dojo fucking weekly. You know, I might be here for four days. I try to get three days of Jits.


I'm in fucking Waco. I'm going to fucking places. I've been in 26 different dojos this year, like doing Jits. Wow. Back in the day, it wasn fucking Crete. You know what I mean? Right, right. Fucking monsters and Portuguese. Right, right, right. Because you don't have no loyalty. You don't have no fucking, and the reality is like, yeah, I'm just never home. Right. I don't wanna be unloyal to anybody. I'm loyal to everybody, but I just want to get rounds. And I'm so glad the juujitsu world is so fucking welcoming these days. Meaning, yeah. Like, like I don't have to show up and fight. Right. Much more open-minded. Yeah. They're happy to welcome people from other schools. The only, the only, the only person it wasn, like why are you here was Cyborg at Fight Sports.


Oh really? Yeah. You know Cyborg? Yeah, sure. Great. He's great. And You know, You know Roosevelt's fucking savage, You know Roosevelt the tall guy that hangs out with him. I don't tallest black belt I ever seen let tallest Brazilian I ever seen. Right. So he's one of the black belts down there with, with with him, with Cyborg. And I'm out there and then like at the time I was blue belt, You know what I mean? And I was probably, I don't know, two 50. I was kind of fat and like fight sports is like old school Brazilian juujitsu where we're gonna shrimp across the mat. We do fucking all this. I don't give a fuck if you losing in Juujitsu today, but you're gonna be tough. Right. So it's that kind of shit. And that's how Carlson Gracie's was. Yeah.


Before you even got to the class, you were fucking exhausted. Yeah. The class hasn't started yet, right? Yeah. So I'm out on the mat, I'm breathing hard, I'm just kind of doing my thing. And Roosevelt, the big tall black belt comes over and he was like, man, he's like, you are my inspiration. I'm like, I am coach. I'm your inspiration. He's like, yes. He's like, you are out here. You are doing this, man. He was like, you are, everyone's inspiration. And I'm looking around and like, everyone's rolling. Like, and then, and then like everyone stops. 'cause like he's talking to me. You know what I mean? Yeah. And like every now everyone's looking at me and I'm like, what in the fuck is going on? Right? So he was like, you are here, you are doing this.


You are old, you were my inspiration. And I'm like, thanks coach. I was like, and then like, I didn't need a break, but I was like, fuck, after that talk, maybe I do need a break. So I was like, maybe I do need a break coach, You know? And he was like, okay, fix your key. So I fixed my key, I tie my belt and he's like, run laps around the practice until you're ready to practice again. It was like, man, that's fucking worse. I wasn't, I didn't even need the fucking break. And he gave me the old speech. So I agreed. And then like, and then I had a run lap. I thought it wasn more embarrassing running laps around everybody. Right. But like, like when he said he wanted to give me a break, like the fucking breaks, it was like screech to a halt. Everybody was like, did he just say like, does that guy, why the fuck does that guy get a break?


You know what I mean? And your break Was do Laps. Yeah. And yeah. And then Cyborg came up to me and they didn't, I didn't have a gee yet. I hadn't bought a gee and I hadn't found a gee that fit me. So I had, I, I just bought a giee, but I only had a white belt. Right. I, oh, I got the gee at Gracie Raleigh, my home dojo. Right. And then they only had a white belt. So I had a white belt. So I was white belt in it, but really I was a blue belt. So, and when it came to rolling Cyborg is like, who are you man? And I'm like, coach. And he's like, who are you man? Who are you? Why He thought you were like a spy? Yeah. He's like, why are you here? And I'm like, I just, I just, well My brother lives here, coach and I called ahead of time and I asked if I could come do Juujitsu.


I'm just trying to get a couple days while I'm on the road. He's like, man, you are no white belt. Who are you? What are you doing here? Ah. And I was like, well, I'm actually a blue belt coach. And he was like, why didn't you? And then they got a wall of like old belts, which is like the coolest thing I ever fucking seen. Like I'm just a hundred just old, different, all kinds of belts. It's fucking cool as fuck my opinion. But he was like, why didn't you get one off the extra belt? And I was like, well, you didn't have one coach. And he, he thinks for a second he was like, you are right. There's not one your size on the wall. And I was like, holy fuck, there's a ton of belts there for him to even know that. Like wow. Because I went through all of them and couldn't fit one, You know? And he was like, okay.


You know? So he was just Concerned that you were sandbagging or trying to get Information? Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Something then. But they were great with me. Like, shout out to Cyborg and Roosevelt hard dudes. Yeah. They're fucking, they're hard down there. Back to Rocha, all those guys down there. Yeah. But I've been in 26, I think 26 dojos this year. Man. That's wild. And then, so you're all in. I'm all in, man. I'm in, I'm in all the time. And then like, so one of the things is like, I can only go to SSON to get promoted because I'm never in one Do dojo long enough. Right. To like earn, earn a stripe or earn a, So I, I think it's like a, I don't know. I feel like I'm fortunate of where I am, You know what I mean? And then honestly, the reason I went to SSON is 'cause I could Yeah.


And I figured if, if I need to be tested for a belt Yeah. Like who else should test me? You know what I mean? When you get Your black belt, you get a black belt from sson. It's like there's very few black belts that hold that kind of weight. Yeah. You know, there's like Henzel S Yeah. Jean Jacques Machado. There's a few of those like old school legendary belts. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Fuck yeah. Megaton Diaz. It's like A few of those Legendary old school belts, You know? Yeah. Pedro Sauer. Hagan. Yeah. Hagan. Yeah. Yeah. I love Hagan. I know, I love, I actually, it was Hagan's Corner guy when he was in Abu Dhabi in 2003. I was You were yelling his time out. Yeah. 'cause I was there with Eddie Bravo.


Oh Yeah, that's right. That's right. You know, we all trained at the Machato, So I know GaN and then Hagan's like my friend do do the time for me. And so like he was like, he was kinda outta shape, but he is still fucking people up. Yeah. But he wanted to know, like give, tell me when there's like a minute to go, it's like I really fucking hit the gas. Like I wanna coast for a little bit and then decide when to go. Yeah. I love, I call it like, I call it Fat Guy Juujitsu. And I think people are shocked when I say that term, but really it's, it's like the, I don't know, the Danaher Ageless stuff. There's, there's stuff that bigger guys left athletic right. Are gonna have to do because they can't do a flying whatever. Right. They can't, You know what I mean?


And like, I love his smash game and I, So I was at a, I went to the Machado camp, it was him, Roger, Carlos and John, John Machado. I love that guy too. You know John? Sure. He carries, he carries condom. Holsters nice. Yeah, he's great man. But I went to their summer camp and I was like, Hey Egan, can I get a picture? And like he was sitting on the couch and Carlos is like, You know, typical bigger brother, shit, get the fuck up. You're lazy. Kind of dogging him. So I was like, I was like, you don't have to get up coach. So I sat on his lap and he was like, what the fuck? That's hilarious. But yeah, I went to a Machado camp this year.


I spent a lot of time with Rafael Lavado. I love that dude. That guy's a fucking legend. Yeah. He is like he is, I, I got invited to Fe Acosta's kind of, and a affiliate training with Rafael. Like, shout out to Rafael. He's a fucking amazing, every one of his black belts gave me time. Like, and then fe Acosta like just fucking next level man. And it Like, it gives me hope as an old guy. Like I know I'm 55 and I know I want win the fucking 55-year-old bracket, but why the fuck do I need to be in the 55-year-old bracket? You know what I mean? If my juujitsu is good enough, I should be able to fight anyone. Right. And that's what gives me hope of fucking carrying on that one day.


Like, 'cause You know, all I do is fight these young guys and then Yeah, sure they beat me right now. But like, You know, how many times did Helio get crushed? Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So like it's the beauty of Juujitsu is the age should be fucking the least in this equation. You know what I mean? Right. So that's kind of where I stand. And I'll tell you man, anytime someone can fucking put it to me where I'm about to go down, I couldn't be fucking happier, man. I had this black belt the other day outta nowhere, just fucking smash me. And like, and then he lets I tap, he lets me up and none just got the biggest smile on my face. And he was like looking at me and I was like, it wasn fucking amazing coach.


I was like, you ain't never smashed me like that. Right. And he, he just kinda looking at me and just fucking tackled him again. You know what I mean? Fucking went right back to smashing me. You know what I mean? Like I just fucking That's a great attitude. Love it man. Yeah. Well that's the best attitude for learning. Yeah. There's no better. Well I, as a human being, I need to learn something every day. I think you're the same way in a lot of ways. Yeah. Like I don't care what it is. I think it's good for you. Yeah, Yeah. I do too. I think it keeps your brain healthy. 100%. I think it keeps Alzheimer fucking all that bullshit Away. Yep. Yeah. I think that's why people get old. Yeah. It's one of the reasons other than your body failing is your mind gets old. Yeah. You're not stimulating it. Yeah. For real. Right. John, this is a fucking awesome conversation. Thanks man. I really appreciate it.


Yeah, I had a great time. Yeah, thank you. And I can't wait to read your book, So, okay. I'm gonna get some rounds in the future. Yes. When you're healthy. Yes. Alright, I would love to do that. I'd love to get some rounds with you. Yeah, for sure. I definitely wanna come back, kill Tony last night. Fucking ama. It's like bucket list for Me. You can come to the club anytime you want man. I, I couldn't thank you enough. Like I know I came here yesterday, not a big deal to me. Right. Because like y'all, I got killed Tony out of this deal. Like last night was fucking funny man. This guy told a joke last night. The funniest fucking joke I think I ever heard in my life. I don't know if I could say it or not. Who is that? I, which guy? What did he look like? There was a guy just kind of shorter guy, A white guy, beard.


And he just read jokes. He just said like random jokes. Oh, was One of the bucket poles? Yeah. Oh, okay. It is a bucket pull guy. Oh, okay. Cool. And then like he said this joke, you wanna hear it? Sure. Okay. This is the fucking funniest thing I heard in a long time. Why don't police have turtles as pets? Why? Because you can't kneel on their neck. This I was like, oh my, that's to kill Tony joke. I've ever heard that fucking God. Like next level right there. Well listen Brother, anytime you wanna come to the club. Thanks. Yeah. More than welcome. Thank you very much for being here. Oh man. Anytime man. It was, it was a great conversation. Yeah, thank you. I really enjoyed it. Thanks for all the swag.


Yeah, thanks for letting me hold the evil hat. Yeah. Yeah. Well I gotta put it back in its box, You know what I mean? If people wanna find you online, sheriff of baghdad.com Yeah. Sheriff of Baghdad. SOB Tactical, either one will get you to me. Like you just, you die, you, you type in sheriff a Baghdad, a ton of shit of meat pops Up and someone, whoever the publisher is Yes. Pop on it. Yeah. Because I'm sure hit Me up. I'm sure that book's insane. Alright. Yeah. Thank you very much brother. Appreciate you. Alright, bye everybody.