
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. So we just watched this, what is this exact job? We watched this guy get assassinated, which is kind of, I've seen more people assassinated and killed over the last two years on Instagram than I ever have in my whole life. Oh yeah, dude. The explore page now is disaster. Why? As long, just like me and Tom Segura have this thing where we send each other the most fucked up thing we find every day. Yeah, yeah. It's a brutal text thread. But because of it, now I'm locked into this algorithm.


So He's the CEO of their insurance unit, which I don't know what the difference is and what people is CEO, but A targeted attack by a gunman waiting for him. A real assassination. 6:45 AM outside the Hilton on sixth Avenue where the company's annual investor conference is about to take place. Yeah, man, I wonder what's going on with that. That's the one of those things that just makes conspiracy theorists go cuckoo. I'm sure there's some real good theories floating around on X right now. Oh, for sure. Is there All of it's gotta be. The investor meeting has not been canceled, obviously, but so it wasn maybe the goal, What's worse?


Your ex explore page or your Instagram? My Instagram. Oh, Really? Yeah. My, I don't, I just follow, I mean, I follow a lot of people on both X and Instagram. It's, I don't know if it's necessarily a good thing, but when I, someone said something interesting or they post something interesting on Instagram, I just immediately follow like, let's see. Hmm, let's see if this would be fun. But on the thing about Twitter or X is that like I don't interact enough to have a really fucked up algorithm. I'm mostly just reading stuff. I don't really hardly ever like post anything. I think the problem is I'll click to watch a full video of the fucked up things.


Yeah. So then it reinforces the algorithm. Oh yeah. Like, oh, you want to see this guy get shot? Or, oh, you wanna see this car accident? We'll give you more of those. I've seen so many people get run over by cars. Oh, so many, many people. Yeah. And it, yeah. It's crazy. 'cause I, a lot of the stuff I've seen in the past year I didn't even know could be on the internet. Right. I don't know how it is when there's so many things you can't put on. Do You know that there's a loophole that the ladies use to show their breasts? Well, which one? Fake boobs. Fake baby. Oh no, that's, yeah, They use a fake baby. So they breastfeed. So you got these girls, these big juicy melons and they pull one out and have a rubber baby and the rubber baby's sucking on the T and the the baby looks so fake.


That's Hilarious. But they can get some like pretty realistic fake babies. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like what was that movie with what? The sniper movie about Chris Kyle. What was that called? Remember it was a movie where he had a fake baby And it was like so obvious. He's got this like rubber baby and he is like holding onto his child in this stupid scene. I'm pr I'm pretty sure on Twitter you can just post nudity without any Yes. Like pro problems. Right? You Can post pornography. Yeah. The dude, the replies to a lot of tweets that are irrelevant to porn. It'll just be like, that's cool, but have you seen my pussy? It'll be like some chick promoting our OnlyFans.


That's so common now. And I just like, the discourse is like half infested at this point. They have this one lady who was saying she made $40 million this year on, on OnlyFans. Oh yeah. That's nuts. 40 million. And she's a virgin, I guess. And she doesn't post sex stuff. Sure, sure. She's a virgin. Sure. She's a 23-year-old Big titty version. The only one that exists in the whole world. See That? That's an interesting scenario if true because it's like a lot of dudes want to shit on these chicks for being like, like prostitutes essentially.


Right? But like if she was actually a virgin and she's posting like almost nude, but not quite, but making a bunch of money off it. Yeah. There's like two contradictory things going on right now. Yeah. She wins. But the problem is this is the, I mean, I don't want to tell anybody to not do anything. Like ladies, you do what you want. You do. You, if I was a a young pretty girl, I'd probably be on OnlyFans. I'd probably make some money. Fuck it. Why would I wanna be a waitress when I could just show my tits? Mm. That's how I would look at it. The problem is twofold. One, you become addicted to an extraordinary amount of money if you're successful at it. Right? So there's like a scale of people on the OnlyFans. Apparently most of the only did we, we talked about this, right?


Like most of the gals don't make that much money. Most of 'em. Yeah. I mean that's, what's that much six figures or millions Or No, like even less. Like most of them make a few thousand dollars a month. I think. So I think out of this 43, 1 guy paid her 5 million. She said, Dude, that's insane. Dude would suck too, is if you went full board and you did like actual porn and you made no money and just got like banged on camera just for thinking you're gonna become a multimillionaire. And then you still are like, You would have to get banged on camera a lot for years to really develop a fan base. And you have to do a really good job. Like every time. Super enthusiastic. But my point is like, you are not going to, like most beautiful young women want a high value man as a husband.


If let's say they're heterosexual, let's just assume they wanna get married. If they do wanna get married and they do want a relationship, you're not gonna get a high value man. Especially if you are making, if you're making millions of dollars a year doing this, you're gonna want a guy who makes millions of dollars a year. Right? Yeah. You, you're not gonna want a guy who makes less than you. You're probably used to buying fucking Louis Vuitton, this and that. And you're used to all this shit. So you're probably, you're wealthy, right? So you're already, you're dating pools smaller because you're probably not interested in a guy who makes a hundred thousand dollars a year. Like a regular guy to you is like, what is he gonna do? He can't even take me anywhere. This is bull. I'm gonna pay for our vacation.


Get the fuck outta here. Right? So you've already like cut like regular guys out. So now you have a very small pool of men that you can date. And then out of that pool, how many of 'em are gonna accept the fact that you're doing this? Now you have an even smaller pool, so some guys will accept it, but for how long? Like if you get real serious and you get married and then you're still showing your asshole to everybody that's, You know, you're in, but you're addicted to that money. Yeah. Like are you gonna pick a relationship over this guy who may or may not be DMing his ex-girlfriend? You know, like you're gonna throw it all away and throw away this $40 million a year empire you've created? Or are you trapped in that essentially forever?


Yeah. It's, it's interesting the thresholds though too of where they become successful for what they're doing. 'cause it seems like some of 'em don't have to show their asshole. They just really, they just post like thirst trap, fitness girl type content almost. And people pay for that. I, I think, well, why would they pay for that when there's so much of that for free on Instagram? I Know that's like the common question. And I, My search page on Instagram is all buts. I, I assume it, it's something to do with like, you follow this person and like you get a bigger hit of dopamine probably from being able to hypothe, potentially see more revealing something from somebody that you are like a fan of already.


I think It's interaction May that I think is a big component too. Yeah. 'cause it's like, I think half the income is like dms. Well there was some Google guy, some executive at Google it wasn warning about what's going to happen with AI girlfriends with these sort of indistinguishable AI girlfriends that are gonna interact with guys and how this is gonna create like profound loneliness and all sorts of real problems.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks US based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr terms apply.


Yeah, I imagine so. And I I imagine a lot of the DM conversations are probably AI chat GPT already. A hundred percent. Yeah. Or You know, you got some Andrew Tate type deal. Oh yeah. There's a bunch of dudes who are like pounding on the keyboard where the girl shows their tits. Yeah. Which is what he did for years. Yeah. Innovator. Yeah. And the curve. Yeah. Yeah. You're you're going to not have any idea whether it's even a real person. Right. Because there's a bunch of AI generated girlfriends or girls router that have OnlyFans where they don't even exist. They're not even a physical being. Yeah. There's some pretty big Instagram pages I think that are just like fake.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And it's just like even a, i I think they're owned by entities. Like companies that have like an army of AI chicks. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Which is crazy. And they generate a lot of money. I've seen the common section on a couple of 'em too. And shockingly, well, maybe not, I don't know, but there's a lot of people that are engaging with it. Like it's a real person. And I thought it was pretty obvious it was ai. But I mean like, some people are pretty stupid. Well, There's a high percentage of people in this country that have a below 85 iq Mm. Look like a real good percentage. Isn't it like 15 or 20%? Is it something nutty like that? Yeah. Yeah. It's like a, it's the same amount that people that are like above that are gonna be below.


It's like a standard deviation of like averages and stats. Yeah. There's people that are, they're about as smart as a Labrador. Yeah. They just can talk then you can trick 'em. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and if you can get those dumb asses that work at Subway to donate $5 a month and you get enough of 'em, 'em, Have you seen the, the UFC collab with that OnlyFans Chick? No. There's a UFC collab with the OnlyFans chick. Yeah. Pull It Up. What Is this? So there's this girl who to spark outrage and get engagement. She breaks like exotic cars. Like she'll stand on a Lambo and just smash the windshield or something. What?


And just like shake her ass. And then it gets tons of views and there's a bunch of guys freaking out because she's disrespecting a nice piece of machinery or whatever. But at the end of the day, she gets views from it and then more people go to her page and sign up to it. But How much is a Lambo worth? Like, Lambos are like half a million dollars. Right? She'll smash like the windshield only, or like a window from like the driver's side and then do some like call to action or something. Wow. I pull up the, the UFC one. You'll be able to tell what I'm talking about better. I know the girl You're talking about, but I don't, I didn't know she did something with the UFC. Yeah. Dana White like posted it. What? He's like check this shit out.


What? Yeah, I gotta Find it. Hold On a second. Unless they un Is it UFC Instagram? Yeah. It was like a collaboration I saw a few days ago. Okay, Hold on. Okay. What They're giving away a McLaren or something for the next UFC event I think. Oh. And she's the one who's talking about it after smashing the window of a Lambo. What? Yeah. Real. I I thought it was kind of a weird combo too. This is the gal. Yeah. Oh, don't do it. Don't you gotta, is that a crowbar? Oh, what the fuck are you doing? Oh Jesus. You're right. That's why I'm giving away this McLaren 600 LT at Power slab for free. Check out the links in our bios on how to enter.


Everybody Said now. Wow. We're the dumbest fucking race One Of We are. So what Are the accounts that collabed with it? It was UFC, right? Yeah. It is A for power slap event. So we are, we are, of course it's for Power slap that's just as dumb. It's adjacent. We are the dumbest motherfuckers that have ever lived. We really are. What do you think about Power Slap? I don't, I don't, I don't get it. I, I've watched it a ton of times. Unlike little Instagram reels, You know, when it shows up, I watch guys get kd. It's, I would never advise anybody to do it. Yeah. I don't care how good you are getting slapped. I don't care how good you are at slapping people. For me, the whole idea of fighting is to hit and not get hit. Yeah. Like the whole idea is the skill.


It's like you impose your skillset. It's like a, You know, human chess game that's the opposite. You're just standing in front of each other, whacking each other in the face. But I will watch. So if people want to do it, that's your jam. You know, if you're some giant fat guy, you see one of those guys actually had a fight, a dirty boxing fight with Yoel Romero who's like the freaks All freak. Yeah. He's like the dirty boxing king dude. He's also super juicy now. He's a heavyweight now. So Yoel is 47. Yeah. Yeah. So he was competing under pretty rigorous testing with the UFC as far as like, You know, I'm sure you would disagree, but look at what he looks like Now it's right.


We could talk about that later. It's Actually, yeah, that's definitely, this is Yoel now he smashes this guy. Look at the size of him. This is not a good video. Jamie. Find, find another video of it. There's a, the actual video of it from the fight event that's like someone's camera from the side side view. But he's huge. Yoel iss like two 20 now 2 25 baby. He's fucking massive. He Used to suck down to 180 5. And then what would he walk in at though? I think like to, Well when he would weigh 180 5, this is back when Yoel was fighting, there was actual weigh-ins. Yeah. You know, so right now there's actual weigh-ins, but it's a ceremonial weigh in like tomorrow at the UFC I'll host the ceremonial weigh in.


So the fighters weighed in at like nine o'clock in the morning. The ceremonial weigh in is at 5:00 PM They've had the entire day to rehydrate. So Yoel back in those days was 180 5 when you weighed in at 5:00 PM at 180 5 and you couldn't believe he was 180 5. 'cause I would be like 200 pounds and I'd be sitting there, I'm like, how, how am I bigger than you? This doesn't make any, this like defies all known laws of physics and gravity. Like It doesn't make any sense. He was massive, these enormous traps. He was one of the rare guys that when he would suck weight, he didn't look smaller. He still looked fucking huge man. Yeah. He had like really, he has really round muscle bellies.


So it's almost like bodybuilder esque. Yeah. In terms of like how much, how much bigger you look just cosmetically too. So this guy that he's fighting is a slap fight guy. And look at the size of UL now. He's definitely less lean. Yeah. Oh he is less lean. He is eating whatever he wants, but he's still got a six pack. But he's fucking massive dude. So how do you end up in this league? Like what was, Oh I, I think this is Mike pe Mike Perry's thing. I think he's putting this together or he's involved with it in some way, shape, or form. So yo is just basically like toying with this guy. This guy has literally no business, no disrespect to the man but no business in the the ring with his world class athlete.


Like how much do you gotta get paid to go in and fight ol for This? Yes. $15. Like watch how he hops up in the air before he, he decides to go, what is that about? He just decides to like hop in the air. He's like enough, let me end this. He just decides it's time to end it. Oh my God. He's fucking huge. Julie at his back, look at his back. That guy used to weigh 180 5 and by the way, if look at see the back of his neck, he a fully fused neck. If he wasn't, You know, 36 when he entered into the UFC, that's how old he was when he first started fighting. He was already passed his professional prime when he first started fighting in the UFC.


You know if he had gotten into MMA when he was 20, probably nobody would've ever beaten him. Mm. He's the freak of all freaks when it comes to like athletic specimens. Like he's the freak. Yeah. When was his last fight in the UFC? Quite a while ago. He fought a Sonya, I wanna say five years ago. When did, when, when did he fight Israel And I think maybe he had one other fight other than that. But You know, he was knocking guys dead at 40, You Know, world, world class before The pandemic, what is it? March? March 7th, 2020. There you go. So it wasn his last fight in the UFC. So the last four years he's been competing for Bellator.


And so they're a little less stringent. They don't have a Sada deal or now whatever it's called. Drug free sport I think they call it now. That's the new company, which is essentially the same protocols, but they don't wake you up on the day of the weigh-ins or anything like that. You saw it was gross. Like they would take these guys that are dehydrated, starving themselves day before the fight, wake 'em up at six o'clock in the morning. Did you see that article I sent you about the s a corruption? Yes. So let's talk about that. Yeah. So basically, and this was like a WADA press release too, so it's not Like It was some journalist or something. It's like on the official WA site. And they were basically exposing how usat it was covering up test results.


So For which athletes Unnamed as far as which sports they wouldn't say they just had like Olympic level athletes and elite athletes and kept it very vague really? And essentially they, they just closed what they had tested positive for. And even that one of them was an Olympic caliber athlete and their entire career they got to go until retirement without getting exposed. Just because they helped you set supposedly catch other people. Oh they were narcs. So like, yeah, so if you help them catch people then you could get away with using like full board testosterone ep. No. Really? Yeah. Oh my God. So they're like a drug dealer that works for the government.


Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And this was like one of the reasons of many why like Hunter and others are very critical of us satin or glad they're not under it anymore. Well There's a lot of stupidity with their regulations. Like one of them is BBC 1 57, which is natural in the human body, You know, and peptides, all they're doing is helping you heal. Yeah. You're literally dealing with a sport where you beat the fucking shit out of each other every day in training and you, you're not gonna like assist these people in healing. Like, wouldn't that only benefit everybody? There's no like fear of like harm. There's no, there's like no one's dying from BBC 1 57 within the code there's a provision whereby an athlete who provides substantial assistance can subsequently apply to have a proportion of their period of ineligibility suspended.


Wow. Look how they phrase that. What dirty language proportion of their period of ineligibility suspended. What does that mean? It means you're, you're allowing them to cheat. However, there's a clear process for that which does not involve allowing those who have cheated to continue to compete while they may or may not gather incriminating. What, wait a minute, what are you saying then? So it doesn't do that. They're saying it doesn't do that. They May, well at the, at the bottom WA is now aware of at least three cases where athletes who had committed serious anti-doping rule violations were allowed to continue to compete for years while they acted as undercover agents. Okay. So they pretended that they wouldn't let someone compete if they were doping, but they still did.


Yeah. Is that essentially while They were on shit? Wow. Imagine if that's like boxing in the Olympics or something like that. The athlete was allowed to line up against their unknowing competitors as as if they had never cheated in that case, when you sawada eventually admitted to WADA that had been what had been going on, it advised that any publication of consequences or disqualification of results would put the athlete's security at risk. What? And asked WADA to agree to non-publication. What Yeah. Secure. Were they worried about with that? With Lance Armstrong? The fuck are you talking about security at risk? In other case of a high level athlete, you sought a never notified WADA of its decision to lift an athlete's provisional suspension, which is an appealable decision despite being required to do so under the code.


Had WADA been notified, it would've never allowed this. Wow. Interesting. And it sounds like this was somewhat how they operated is if they had a high profile enough person or certain circumstances, they would kind of autonomously decide, hey, if you work alongside us to catch other people 'cause you might know something that we don't or what have you, then we'll just let you, You know, no one will know. That's So dirty. I know. That's so dirt. That's literally contrary to the whole reason why they exist. Yeah. What's really crazy is, I mean, according to the UFC, so what happened was the UFC had some disputes with them decide to sever the relationship and then USADA like publicly said that UFC's gonna allow their competitors to do steroids Now, which is not the case at all.


Like they already had a contract in place with drug free sport. I talked to the guy from drug free sport and he was essentially laying out the pro, it was essentially identical. No BPC 1 57, no testosterone growth, nothing like you can't do Anything. The standards are actually much higher now too. In contrast, like you said, I would claim or at least suggest that they were doing full spectrum bulletproof testing, but it turned out they were almost never EPO testing. The HGH testing was never really done. And then also the isoform, what was it, the isotope ratio? Mass spec was not really being done either.


Was that a like a budget thing? Like It was too expensive to Those tests? Yeah, it's, I believe so. And also time intensive for some of these tests as well. And I guess for like the number of tests they were conducting, perhaps it was too extensive or I don't really know what the exact motivation was. Like often you would think it comes down to budget and time, but also if you have an expert who just thinks it's not warranted to go further. Like the same way if you went to a doctor and you'd be like, should I test this? They'll be like, oh, if we know this, like who cares? It's not necessary. Like I don't necessarily know they went to the depth and the rigor to claim somebody did or didn't cheat. If I have, You know, preliminary data that you would exclude having to go further, sometimes you don't have to, You know, test further if there's not an atypical finding.


So Yeah, But like let's, if they're not testing for EPO for example, and maybe there's an event in Mexico City, right? Which is 7,700 feet above sea level. That place is brutal. That, that's where Kane Velazquez, who was known as like probably the greatest cardio heavyweight of all time, he fought Fabricio over Doom and he did not prepare properly. Fabricio actually moved to the mountains above Mexico City and trained there for like four months. Hmm. So Fabricio speaks fluent Spanish, lived in Mexico. He like, he was really got ready and he beat Kane Velazquez in that night to become the champion and he had tremendous cardio and Kane was just dying.


That's how brutal Mexico City is. So imagine when you're competing at that altitude or maybe Colorado Springs or one of these like really high altitude places, which we have events, salt Lake City and you don't test for EPO. Yeah. No. I'm insane. That's crazy. Yeah, that's crazy because that's the place where you would do it. Particularly if like you're defending your title or you're challenging for a title. Yeah. And it's like some of this stuff, even if you're looking for it, is quite difficult to detect anyway. It's like microdosing EPO is still, they're trying to refine the parameters and determine with greater scrutiny how to detect it. And How long is the sh the, like the, the life it's detectable inside your body?


I believe it's like a few days. And that's if you're using like that's not a microdose protocol either. Well how much of a benefit do you get from microdosing? Fairly significant given you can even just retaining your baseline parameters if you're weight cutting can be quite helpful. So it's almost like offsetting, for example, the suppression of hormones or the suppression of like any sort of parameter that would decrease with heavy nutrient deprivation if you can sustain it at normal is performance enhancing Right. In contrast to your competitors who are also weight cutting and might not have the same advantages. Well that's why TJ Dillashaw did it when he was dropping down the fly weight to fight Henry Saluto.


Yeah. Which is when he got popped and You know, but he was, he looked like a skeleton. Did you ever see those weight cut? Yeah, it wasn insane. It wasn horrible. I might be misspeaking on the detection time of EPO by the way, but it's at, at minimum the microdose protocols that are being implemented still. Even most recent literature you find upwards of 50% of the studied participants where they're actually looking for it still passed their testing. Really? Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Well one of the things that I've read about sauna is that sauna use, especially like directly after cardio imparts like, like a microdose EPO effect.


Hmm. Have you read anything about that? Not for, not recently, no. So I don't know, maybe you could brush me up. Do you have a I well maybe we could find it, but I know it's helped my cardio it, it helped significantly because I went through an injury once where I, I couldn't do any kickboxing or any hitting the bag or anything for quite a while. And whenever I did come back from like three or four months off of that, it would be, the first few days were fucking brutal. And it wasn't brutal at all. And it was because of regular sauna use sauna bathing can increase the production of EPOA hormone that stimulates the production of red blood cells. This can improve endurance performance by increasing the amount of oxygen. Now it says here's how plasma volume, when you sit in a sauna you sweat, which comes from blood plasma as your blood plasma levels decrease your kidneys in release EPO.


So how do they detect endogenous versus exogenous EPO? It's similar to how they would detect for bioidentical testosterone. Other hormones they look for, does it look like a endogenous signature? So different compounds, there's different ways to analyze, but in general it's gonna be either the molecular mass of it or something to that effect would be have a blatant difference between what you would make naturally na endogenously versus exogenous origin, which is the way they make it in a lab does not necessarily look exactly the same. So even though it's EPO that you're injecting, it's actually like recombinant AKA made in a lab and not like, it's not like they're literally pulling EPO out of a guy and then giving it to you.


It's like grown in a lab essentially. Right, Right. Well it wasn, one of the things that Jeff Navitzky actually said could be an issue is that it is possible at least theoretically to take testosterone from animals. Yeah. So find a mammal based testosterone instead of getting it from, So I they they create it from wild yams. Right? Yeah. So wild yams from Mexico apparently where they get all the testosterone that when you buy testosterone cate or whatever And soy Yeah, Soy, yeah. What do you mean It they use soy to like the phyto, some of the compounds in the soy as well as the EMS look similar molecularly to the cholesterol that would get basically enzymatically converted to testosterone.


So you can just manipulate that slightly to have like a highly reproducible at scale for low cost way to make hormones. And that's how testosterone is made. Oh That's interesting. Because soy is always associated with like soy boys bad stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's associated with high estrogen levels. Yeah. I think the two primary ways they synthesize testosterone now is soy and yams. So Naski was saying that at least in theory A a really good scientist could actually extract it from animals and then it would be impossible to differentiate. Yeah, I think maybe the first time I came on we talked about the carbon isotope ratio testing and having a CIR proof testosterone formulation.


And if athletes are doing that, and I did dig into it after we talked about it a bit more, And it does seem like there's strong evidence that suggests they're aware of it and are trying to find new ways to refine even the carbon isotope ratio testing. Now they're looking at like hydrogen ratios because it's more minute and specific apparently as opposed to with the carbon content they've seen suspicious testosterone formulations that look similar to endogenous carbon isotope signatures. Wow. And your diet, even what you ingest can change what your signature is too. 'cause they have to use as like a reference they use, for example, from your urine, they'll find some other compound that is like upstream from testosterone for example.


And they will use that as a benchmark of like, this is what your signature is of how the carbon content of sex hormones And then if your testosterone has a different carbon isotope ratio than this, they know that okay, however you got this in your body is different than the upstream hormone. So through that we can infer that, You know, it's probably of exogenous origin but the, if the exogenous origin one looks like the upstream hormones that you, you would never be able to tell. So it's possible if you were sophisticated enough to make the exogenous look like the upstream. Yeah. And even though you've injected it.


Yeah. And if you had like animal grade testosterone or cholesterol even from like a medical grade, You know, compound facility or something like you could probably react it down and create like a CIR proof testosterone. God, it would be, it seems Like It would be hard to keep that under wraps for very long without it getting out Maybe. Yeah. But it's like the access to lab equipment and high level testing is not as, the barrier is a lot lower than it used to be for sure. Like there are, I even have heard of people paying off WA accredited labs to get like testing done to Really? Yeah. So they could like assess where they stand in terms of like some of the testing that they would do to see if they'd prop pop or not.


Is that Legal? No. So they bribe wa they allegedly, There's WA accredited labs not just in the states but like in other countries where they're a bit more corrupt and you can, You know, persuade them to test your samples. Oh So you send, you piss to Guatemala or somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. And then they go, yeah s you got problems, seniority just does not look good. Yeah. But Yeah, and if you do enough homework you can, You know, develop a biological passport internally with your own team and You know, interesting be it know your bulletproof rather than just guessing. Yeah. Well there was some concern with Brock Lesner at one point in time before he tested positive and one of the concerns was that he was testing himself that he had gotten tested like a number of times, which generally you don't do.


Hmm. Now why was that recorded though? Like that they have his medical records Because you can just like pay for blood tests and urine analysis. I might be speaking outta a turn, I might be speaking outta school here. I don't remember. I don't remember the thing. Hmm. But I remember someone who knows things telling me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know, I'm kind of on the inside. So someone, someone who knows things on the inside told me, dude, he got tested like 20 fucking times or something crazy like that during camp. Oh he was for sure trying to get around the, Well he is also pissed hot. This is when he fought Mark Hunt And it's, oh right, right. There's a giant lawsuit involved right now. Oh wow. Yeah. I don't know if that lawsuit has been, if it's still ongoing or what the deal was, but Mark Hunt was furious.


Yeah. And it was obvious when you look at the guy, I mean he was like 39 years old, 300 pounds like cutting down at 2 65. He was fucking huge man. Yeah. What's even more interesting too is the storage of samples. A lot of sports don't actually do it. So with Olympic testing, oftentimes the positive test results come retroactively to years in the past once they've refined the testing and actually are able to detect, You know, long-term metabolites of Tyra ball or something of that nature. But in a lot of sports, like especially in the, in the US for like traditional professional sports, they're not storing urine typically.


Right. So if you have more refined testing get developed, oftentimes there's no way to actually penalize an athlete who was ahead of the testing curve at the time. Right. And at least from what I've seen, there's a really good paper, one of the guys I know who's on the inside on this, his name is Alex Kaari Turner. He has excellent information and studies on this stuff. But he did a paper that basically outlined how I think 75% of the medalists that have tested positive in the Olympics at the summer Olympic games for the past, I dunno it was like a full decade of analyzation. It was like 75% of 'em tested years later not at the actual time of winning their medal.


So if they're only being popped, You know, three outta four people are getting popped retroactively over a half decade later or more based on advancements in testing. You can just imagine how many sports are getting away with passing testing given that retroactively they're not being tested at all. Right. So it's like if you're ahead of the curve now there are a lot of sports where as long as you pass the test now, even if what you took had a more refined assay developed, You know, five years from now, they're not gonna go get your sample and retry it. Right. That makes sense. Yeah. But wasn't there a famous Russian wrestler who was popped because they went back and looked at his, his old stu, like once they developed new testing protocols Wasn't an Olympic athlete.


Yeah. Yeah. That's why 'cause Olympic games, they started storing samples 2004. So they're a bit more rigorous about that. And there are, there are probably some sports that store but the majority don't. Hmm. Yeah. And it's like, You know, you could say it's corruption or you could say it's, You know, people trying to, the sport trying to cover it up. But I think sometimes it's just like budget constraints too. 'cause it's Like It still have to be a profitable enterprise and Right. You know, I, I don't know how much you can, You know, scrutinize the economics on something like that. You're also managing at scale, right? Like how many athletes are you dealing with? Yeah. How much time do you have to go back and You know, review all the different urine samples and go back.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. No but it gets crazy 'cause it kind of, it highly suggests that in a lot of sports, as long as you're ahead of the curve you're probably good. Yeah. Now obviously you have to actually beat the test now, which is more and more rigorous by the year of course. But at least historically what we've seen is it's the testing usually lag behind the methods that are being developed to get around it. Is there anything right now that is not being tested for, that you think is effective? Yeah, like in general the most effective stuff is going to be bioidenticals, which are being tested for.


But it's like at the scale it's kind of up for debate. 'cause sometimes they don't test at all. Like, You know, we saw with USADA, they were barely doing adequate in-depth testing for bioidenticals with no EPO testing or HGH testing. So I would say those are probably the go-tos. You know, like EPO especially and HGH there are other compounds that I think some people think they can get away with that sometimes they do, sometimes they don't. Like, I think it's called Tri Taine. There was some like top level tennis player who just popped like a week ago or something. And what is that? It's like an angina medication that the entire China Olympic team got popped for a few years back.


Yeah. It was like 23 Chinese swimmers before the Tokyo Olympics got popped using this thing. And then they claimed it was like food contamination or something. And they were like, oh that's, I guess that's what happened. And then a bunch of those, two of those athletes won medals in the recent Paris Olympics and 11 of them were allowed to compete still. And What does it do? It shifts your efficiency of fuel utilization. So basically in general to create a TP, your body would oxidize fatty acids as well as glucose and an endurance event, which is heavily oxygen sapping.


If you can shift, which is what this drug does, it sh inhibits a process by which your body proportionally oxidizes more glucose than fatty acids, which is a less oxygen intensive process. So you can basically conserve oxygen proportional to the amount of a TP you're producing. So in an endurance event, if you can have more oxygen for less cost internally, then it's highly performance enhancing. Wow. Or it should be, You know, it's kind of speculative as to if it's actually performance enhancing. But it's kind of a weird coincidence. How many people have popped for this drug? Oh by the way, you said the first time I was here you said the Russian Olympics, the only people who didn't pop were the figure skaters.


Yeah. Yeah. There was a Russian figure skater who's 15 who was on this angina medication. Well that kind of makes sense, right? Because one thing you would want is more oxygen and endurance when you're figure skating. It's pretty cardio intensive when you're spinning around and flying around like Yeah, Yeah. Oh for sure. But they said that steroids, it found, they found that like gross motor skills, like he's so loud, dude, you can nudge him, keep him from fucking snoring so loud. But they, they found that like testosterone and things along those lines, Like It actual steroids, it was not good to be stronger as a figure skater that it didn't enhance. But it wasn, it wasn Gregory, whatever his name was from Icarus.


Yeah. Yeah. And like I could see obviously the compound selection will differ greatly depending on what sport. 'cause You know, there are some sports where, You know, being heavier is gonna be problematic. Right. And you might, You know, want something that could enhance, I don't know, your cognitive capacity or whatever it may be. Right. Or like slow down your heart rate for example, for archery or Right. You know, different applications for sure. Like Beta blockers. Yeah. Like for archery for example. Things like propanolol, like highly effective as well as for You know, public speaking, playing piano publicly. I think there's like famous pianists who uses drug too.


Yeah. I've heard of people using beta blockers. Snipers too. Really? Yeah. It makes sense. Right? Yeah. Just dropping that, that anxiety response. Yeah. And if it crosses the blood-brain barrier like propanolol does, it actually calms you down very significantly. It's not just about lowering the heart rate. It also like de-stresses you. Like It is an anti-anxiety drug essentially. Wow. Yeah. You never tried it? No. For Archery. I'd be wondering if it was, I thought About doing it once I even asked my doctor about it and he was gonna get it for me. But I was like, I don't want to cheat. Like half of the bow hunting thing is about being able to keep your shit together.


Mm. And if you could just do it. Yeah. Like if I could just shoot at a deer the way I shoot at a target. Right. I don't think it would be the same. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah. It's like part of it is like you're a purist. Yeah. In that regard. 'cause part of it is the discipline of managing your mind. Yeah. That's what I like about it. Mm. I like that It's hard to do. Yeah. I don't want it to be easier, You know, it's fucking hard to do. And that's literally why I Like It. Like if I could take a drug that would make it easier to do, I don't think I would Like It. I'm very effective right now I'm very, I'm real successful at bow hunting, You know, relatively for like it's a non if like I go to a lot of really great places to hunt 'cause I have money.


I'm fortunate. But relatively speaking, bow hunting is not a successful endeavor. It's like maybe 10% of the hunts. Like when people get tags, maybe probably less in most places actually harvest an animal. How often do you do it? I do it twice a year. I go on a big elk hunt and I do like a bunch of pig hunts and stuff like that in between that maybe one deer hunt And it's like how intensive of a prep is it? And like the whole process of doing the trip, is it like a multi-day thing or? Yeah, I go for like a week. The really intensive part though is the preparation for it.


And I was gonna tell you about this too 'cause I actually fucked my body up getting ready for this one. So when hunting season approaches for like three months outta hunting season, I ramp up all my cardio and all my bow hunt, my archery. So I practice in my backyard, I practice archery. I'm shooting at 85 yards. I shoot an 84 pound bow and I might shoot it a hundred times a day. So I'm pulling 80 pounds, 84 pounds a hundred times in a day. And I'm doing it day after day after day after day. I'm doing it five, six days a week. So I was developing like severe pain in my lower back on my right side that led to like sciatica.


And I was also developing some severe neck pain on my right side. So this is, it's all, it's really an unbalanced thing, right? Because I really should draw something back with my, I should probably like at least draw back my bow with my left hand as many times I draw back with my right, but I don't. So you draw back. So I'm pulling, it's 84 pounds to pull it back. It's at least for the beginning of the cycle. And then the cams rotate over And it significantly lowers like the holding weight is, I think my holding weight is like 20%, 20 or 25% of the actual weight of the bow. But what happens is as you're pulling back and you lock it in place, the way archery works is you want to what's called pull at the wall, right?


So where the string hits the end where it can't pull anymore on a compound bow, I'm pulling hard against that wall. So I'm steady, right? And then I'm, I'm trying to relax this shoulder and pull and I'm stabilizing everything with this lower back, with my lower back muscle. So on my right side it was just getting locked up like painful and stiff. It's sore and like hurt even when I walk. And I would just keep going. I would do it for hours, three hours a day, just hours and hours and hours. And I just developed a real problem to the point where like when I was the last trip when I was going up hills, my, my hips were getting numb. Like my glutes weren't firing, I was getting sciatic pain.


It was pretty bad. So I knew after hunting season was over, I was gonna have to address it. So I got some stem cell shots, which definitely helped. I started doing a lot of stretching, no archery for a couple months. A lot of like hard foam. Like it's, I have a, from elite flexibility to make like a PVC roller with like a very thin layer. So it's very hard. And I was doing a lot of rolling, rolling in the sauna, cold plunge, sauna stretching. And it was getting a little better slowly, but it was brutal. Like It was taking a long time to recover. And then I started doing this thing called new fit. And what new fit is, is electrical muscular stimulation while you are going through exercise routines.


And so they slap these electro pads all over your muscles and fully contract you and then you go through exercises while you're doing it. And it's like significantly increased my rehabilitation. Oh, nice. I've only been doing it for a few weeks too. I've only been doing it for like three weeks. All my back pain's gone. Mobility's back. No, no more sciatica at all. No issues at all. And everything is like much looser. It's like coming back. So as you find that more effective than stem cells? No, I think it's the combination of things. It's whole, it's very hard to tell like what is actually working. But when you add one thing and then all of a sudden you get a significant response, I'm assuming that this new fit thing is having at least responsible for, I mean there's some sort of synergistic effect, right?


Because I'm using peptides. I got this, like I said, I got stem cells shot into it. So it is like a, And it takes a while for the stem cells to take place. So I'm sure that's part of it. But then this new fit thing's pretty significant. So I've been doing that quite a lot. I've been doing that four days a week and it's, it's legit man. It's really legit. I know Mike Tyson was using that when he was preparing for the fight with Jake Paul. So I know a lot of other athletes Yeah, use it a lot. Lot of people use it for rehabilitation. It's Like, It really reduces the amount of time that you have to recover from like surgeries and injuries and stuff like that. Hmm. What else are you using now as part of your Nothing new.


Nothing new. Still BPC 1 57, TB 500, You know, Ipamorelin, stuff like that. Like the same stuff that I've always used before. This is the only thing that I've done that's really new. This new fifth. Have you ever seen it before? No. See if you can find like some examples of I, 'cause like I said, Tyson was using it So it's no more time intensive because it's during training. So you're, what you're doing is, so I'm doing it for rehabilitation, so, so this is what it Looks like. So they slap these electrodes to you so your muscles are just like locked up depending on how much you can tolerate. You know? So I, I get 'em to crank that fucker up and when you're doing it, your muscles are like completely flexed Yeah.


Through the whole thing. It's like, it's kind of painful. Yeah. And then while you're doing that, you're going through all these different exercises. Okay. So they're like kind of rehabilitative type exercises as opposed to the actual workout that you'd be doing. For me, what I'm doing is rehabilitative, but other people do it for, for hypertrophy and bodybuilders do it apparently to like say if like you've got like trap issues. Like you don't, like you need to like have one area where you want to improve. They're slapping it to that area and then doing all these exercises. Yeah. They're, I an entrepreneur that I'm friends with asked me what I thought about it as like a replacement for exercise.


Oh, just a replacement? Yeah. And it was like such like a rich person question. Like how do I not go to the gym and still like go to the gym. There was a place in Boston when I lived there in the, the eighties that had that, yeah, I forget what it was called. But you would basically go there and their claim was they would get you, you'd have a six pack, you'd get jacked and all you have to do is lay there and lay there and they'd put these electrodes on. You just Have, have you ever seen those like ancient like belly shaking things for like women to lose body Fat? Yes. Like back in the forties? Yeah. They just sit there shaking back and forth. No, I'm sure it's, it's more effective than that obviously.


Yeah. Which did nothing. But I don't think it's a replacement. And I would imagine, I would speculate that the time it would take to stimulate yourself if it's for hypertrophy, if you just worked out more, you'd probably get better results. Perhaps It's the, the idea is that it's enhancing you past what you would normally get because you're in this very unique state of constant contraction. Yeah. So there's no contract relax, contract, relax. You are just contracted. You're just, and then you're going through all these exercises. So you have to kind of force your way through the exercises while you're contracted.


It's kind of difficult. I think if you were injured it probably has a lot of viability. Yeah. But I would be highly suspect of it being used for like a guy trying to break a plateau who's a veteran lifter for example. Right, Right, right. Yeah, I would agree. And no bodybuilders I know attribute any success to something like this. Right? Well this guy was telling me that some bodybuilders use to target areas that they like of having difficulty. Like maybe your calves. Yeah. So like people have a difficult time growing calf muscles. Most biggest nuisance of a body part genetically Is Cal. Yeah. We'll look at John Jones. That's the crisis thing. Oh yeah. Yeah. Like one of the best kickers in the sport.


No calves. They're like non-existent. Yeah. It's so genetically predetermined seemingly that, You know, you'll have guys who are top Olympia caliber bodybuilders and if they haven't had calves for their whole career, they don't suddenly develop them. Even though they obviously know how to train. And then people bullshit on 'em and say you have no calves bro. Like learn how to train. It's like, this is my job. Like do you think, I don't know how to do a fucking calf raise, But they just won't grow. Yeah. Like proportionally. So they lag behind significantly. And it's pretty obvious when somebody has a liking body part when they're on stage. But it is like a very, very difficult area to locally, You know, if you don't have the genetics for it and the muscle belly is, it's very difficult to make.


How weird a bad looking calf look. Good. It's weird Because you get to go like John where everything else is pretty big, You know? Yeah. He's got big chest, big arms. Like, And this is not to say don't train calves 'cause people get all riled up about, You know, skipping leg days and stuff. Well, Especially for performance. Mm. You know, like you, you certainly need strong calf muscles for performance so you can make them stronger. They just don't necessarily get aesthetically pleasing. Yeah. And there's definitely ways to optimally train them that maybe not everyone does, but in general, Like It seems like if they're lagging behind for you, it's, it's pretty difficult to bring them up. That's Weird. What a weird body part. Yeah.


Yeah. It's like one of the worst offenders really. Is there anything else like that? Any other body parts that are like notoriously difficult to train? That's a good question. Probably. There's probably something that I'm not thinking of. I don't know. Neck maybe. But I, that's pretty easy to train actually. It's just not many people do it Well with neck. You gotta be careful though 'cause an I, You know, I use an iron neck, which I really believe in. It's like the only thing that I've ever done that's strengthened my neck and not caused me any neck problems. Mm. Whereas I think those other ones, like, You know those things where you put like the leather helmet on with the chain? Yeah.


You're doing, I think that's an unusual movement for your neck. And I think you could probably get away with, I know a lot of wrestlers and including Mike Tyson who fucked their neck up from neck bridges. Have you seen the F1 driver's workup routines? No, dude, pull up. Oh, they would have to have crazy Necks, dude that Oh yeah. That's like what they do for their training, mostly seemingly. Oh, You have to have, They're just sitting there with like a giant fucking contraption on their head. Just like, Like an iron neck. Yeah. Yeah. But it's Like, It seems even more intensive. Like it's, Let's see. Yeah. But see what I'm saying is they're not bending the neck, right? So what they're doing is they're forcing their muscles to stabilize the neck as they're facing resistance, right?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But what they're not doing is bending all the way down and bending all the way up with weight, which I think is what's unusual. And I think that's just a, a weird strain on the discs. And with a lot of guys, especially wrestlers, where they get strained from is like someone grabbing them with a collar tie and like pulling their head down and they get it real low and then they're resisting that you can fuck your neck up that way. Or fighting off a guillotine or a darce choke or so, or a triangle where you're like really fucked up and distorted and you're resisting against it. You could fuck your neck up. Hmm. So what the iron neck does that I really like is you're rotating and you can adjust the resistance on the rotation.


So you have this halo, you put it on your head, you pump it like a Reebok pump And it like form fits to your head. You put a chin strap on and then you back up. And so it's got a bungee cord. So a very stiff rubber cord. And as you're pulling back, you have a lot of resistance this way. And then you could rotate. And then on the rotation you could adjust the resistance. You can make it more difficult, but you're never doing any of this stuff. Mm. And I think this stuff is where, at least from what I've seen, people get hurt. Especially neck bridges. Neck bridges where your whole body Oh, I can imagine. And you're doing all this and you're rolling. Like Tyson, you ever seen Tyson's Neck Bridge routine when he was younger? No.


Well, Tyson had a 20 inch neck. Yeah. 20 inches. You know how crazy that is. His neck would start at the top of his head when he was young. I mean he had a fucking massive neck. Yeah. But it's one of the reasons why he was also so good at taking a punch. Yeah. Because his head didn't snap around. Like, look how, look at his neck when he was young. That neck is crazy. Dude. That's a crazy head. It's like parallel with his head. Yeah. Like see, look at, this is what he would do every day in training. Holy shit. That looks Yeah. Rough. But this wrestler bridge does strengthen your neck but at a cost. And I don't think it's at a cost for everybody. I think it probably can be done safely, but I think you probably have to scale up very slowly and very carefully and make sure that you have the supporting tissue and strength around that to not compromise your discs.


You know, like when you're in these reared positions, like you're never supposed to have all, You know, at least bridging with like 60% of your weight sideways on your neck like this. And then roll it over to the side and then roll it over the side while you're putting all the weight in the back of your head or on your forehead. That's just crazy. That's Yeah. Oh yeah. I would, that looked fucking sketch dude. Yeah. Well Mike had to get neck surgery. Yoel Romero, like I said, had his whole neck fused. His neck doesn't, have you ever seen him run? No, but it probably looks hilarious. See, find the video of Yoel Romero sprinting. It's nuts. His neck doesn't move. It's like this, Like A robot, like a terminator. But it's also why Yoel can take crazy punishment.


Yeah. Like y'all got head kicked once by, I think it was Derek Brunson head kicked him and he didn't even move, like go get him run so his neck doesn't move. His entire neck is completely fused. And he has this giant scar on the back of his neck. He's a freak though, dude. Did you ever get the impression that if he just like threw himself into the fire more in fights, he probably would've won a lot more? I don't know. I don't know if you could keep that kind of muscle mass and have the kind of cardio that you need to throw yourself into the fire more. Because it was always, it was kind of hard to tell if he was gassed sometimes. Right. And then he would all of a sudden burst out. Exactly. Yeah.


Like that Costa Romero fight is still to this day, one of my favorite fights ever. And I, I don't know man, Like it almost a lot of the Romero fights. It seems like if he just started swinging and going in there, that he might be able to take out a lot of dudes that he just let go the decision Perhaps. But you have to like know how much gas you have in the tank and only he knows. And that style that he has Yeah. Is a style for someone who's very explosive. It's very smart. Mm. Because you don't just explode and keep going. You won't last, you'll last two minutes and then you'll be dead. Yeah. So what he does is like con, he looks like so relaxed and then he explodes on you. Mm. And when he explodes on people, they don't see it coming because he's lulled you into this false sense of security by this slower speed that he moves at.


Like, did you ever see his knockout of Chris Weidman? Probably. That's the perfect example of that. He caught Chris Weidman with a flying knee as Chris Weidman was coming in for a takedown. He just like lulled him into like, this is the speed we're moving at, we're gonna move at this speed. This is how we're fighting. Oh, I'm dodging your punches. Oh, I'm dod. And then outta nowhere, bam. He hits him with his flying knee and just destroys his head. Yeah. I mean it was one of the most brutal Watch this. So see how he like moved boom. Oh my God. Yeah. I mean literally his whole body fi back it up against, we could see that one more time, Like before it happens.


So they're fighting. He's got him on the ground. Oh. So here it is. So you see as he moves, he's not boom, he just leaps into him. This is like a highlight thing. It's not showing the, the whole exchange. But in the fight, You know, Weidman's very aggressive, very tough, and You know, pushing a pace, trying to get the take downs. Weidman likes to push a strong pace and really wear on guys. And Yoel just would like kind of like move and relax and then outta nowhere. He would just blow on you. Yeah. And that's what he did with Nia too. Like, it wasn a very boring fight. 'cause Nia is like, I see your fucking game. I'm gonna stay out here and wait for you to charge in on me. I'm gonna counter attack. And Yoel was like, come on, come fight me.


And he is like, ah, I know what you're doing. 'cause he, he exploded one time and caught Izzy with a left hand. Like a powerful left hand. Izzy's like, oh Jesus Christ. Yeah. Yeah. This guy moves so fucking fast when he wants to, but he can't really fight like that for five minutes, for five rounds. He can't really just keep exploding. That's like the problem with a guy like Conor McGregor, like Conor McGregor was lethal for one or two rounds, but then you get into the third, fourth, and fifth, it's, there's so much fast twitch muscle fiber engagement. There's so much explosion. It's like constant sprinting. Yeah. Has he ever knocked out a guy after round two even? That's a good question. I don't know. I mean, he certainly could, right?


Yeah. I mean, he's not out of shape. I remember what, what you're saying though. It was like the later rounds. It was so blatant. He was gassed. Yes. Well he was so fast in the first couple of rounds. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn the thing. It's like if he didn't fucking tune you up in those first couple rounds, if you were like Nate Diaz, some indestructible zombie, and then you get into the later rounds and you're fucking tired, like how is this guy still here? Yeah. And then Nate is just like slapping you and beating you up and Nate can push that 50% pace forever. Yeah. Him and his brother were very good at that. They didn't really explode. They just will like touch you. They're just touch you all the time and you can't breathe Because you don't have the time to relax. Right. So if he's constantly hitting you with punches that aren't that hard, you're like, 'cause you're always like, Because you don't know if these punches are gonna be hard.


And then he occasionally would mix 'em up with like really hard shots. Mm. And so you always have to be ready for the hard shots. So you never get to breathe, you never get to relax. So you're constantly on edge and you, you're just getting worn out and he's relaxed 'cause he's just hitting you and touching you and he's talking shit to you. What bitch, what bitch what's going on bitch. And he keep hitting you this like 50%, like literally like this. Not really trying to hurt you at all. Just, just constantly making you tense up and just drain your gas tank. They seem relentless For sure. Oh dude. Well his cardio Nick Diaz, especially his cardio was insanity. He swam back from Alcatraz. He did it on five different occasions in the ocean with great white sharks.


Sw, what is it, like a mile and a half or something like that in the fucking freezing cold Pacific Northwest Ocean. I don't know. But How far is Alcaraz? How far is this swim? They used to think you couldn't do it. Yeah. They used to think no one could survive it. So that's why they put Alca alcaraz there. Like put a prison out there. They're fucked. Yeah. Yeah. But a couple of guys did escape and they don't know what happened to them. They, they found their clothes at the beach and Oh wow. There's speculation that at least one guy survived it. But How are you gonna train? You can't train to swim and then you're gonna just swim for a mile and a half. Yeah. You're not gonna make it. I don't know. I don't What's car cardio regimens in prison? I would've no idea.


I Mean, you could do cardio, but you're not gonna recreate swimming. Yeah. Without, without swimming. The resistance, the current like all of it. Yeah. And temperature regulation, all That. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're just not gonna be able to recreate that unless you're doing it and they're not gonna let you practice. Yeah. Like guys, they're just gonna do laps around Alcatraz. I was like, get the fuck outta here. How far is it? Jamie? Mile and a half. Mile and a half. Geez. So a mile and a half in the fucking ocean with sharks. When was this that these prisoners escaped? Like It was this decades ago. What Was that? Clin Eastwood movie Escape from Alcatraz. Did you see It? No. Yeah. It is a movie about the actual escape from Alcaraz. These guys had made a paper mache model of their face.


Okay. And like put it like with put some pillows and shit and threw a blanket over it. And the guards, when they would go to check thought these guys were still in their bed. Meanwhile, they had tunneled a hole through the wall of the, of the, of the cell. 1979 film escaped from Alcatraz presented inconclusive conclusions. What does that mean? On one of the islands enduring mysteries told the true story of three men, Frank Morris and the brothers Clarence and John Algin Al Anglin, who made it outta the prison in June of 1962, were never seen again. Nobody knows for sure whether they made good in their escape or drowned in the attempt. True stories like that. And others embellished tales of man eating sharks and killer currents spread by prison guards as a deterrent contributed to the mythology of unassailable Alcatraz and the impossible swim.


Well it's definitely not impossible 'cause Nick Diaz has done it five Fucking times. But people do it all the time now. You know, it's like an endurance thing that people constantly do now. Someone Did It 979 times this guy, Whoa. It does it monthly. Oh my God. What a fucking psycho. 979 times that is rolling the dice on sharks, bro. What happens when you like Alcaraz is still operating? No, no, no, no. Okay. No, it wasn't operating. Oh, It's like a tourist attraction, right? Yeah. When I was a kid, we went to visit it and with school they took, when I lived in San Francisco, they took us to Alcatraz. Okay. A field trip.


It was pretty cool. You get to be in these prisons where all these people used to get, it's very weird. Mm. Why they shut down? I Don't know. It's a good question. Why'd they shut Alcatraz down? Maybe when they figured out people could swim it. That would be a good reason. Yeah. I mean, It's not unassailable. Close It down. It's gotta take a long time though. Like how in a mile and a half in the ocean. How long does that take? Some people think it was because those guys got away, but it was Because it was too expensive. Oh. To continue operating. That makes sense. Right? You gotta get all the supplies and out there by boat, by ferry. I Don't even think they had that many prisoners there. Hmm. Like, You know, But they had like super dangerous ones there. Right?


Wasn't that the whole idea? It was all murderers. I think it was like a like super maximum security. Like for the biggest psychos. Oh yeah. We put 'em on Alcatraz. Yeah. What was that movie? I think Sean Connery movie as well. The Rock. The Rock, yeah. Yeah. That's about that, right? Yeah. I think, yeah. Yeah. I think it wasn about it too. Yeah. But You know, guys who have extreme cardio like that, that's a real weapon. Like guy like power is important in the, well it's always important, but cardio is one of the most important things Because you just, when you get tired, you don't think Right. You don't have, you don't make good decisions. And then you also, you, you just, you're just not as effective.


You're, you're not gonna scramble out of positions. You're gonna relax a little, try to catch your breath. Like if you get taken down, you're not gonna like completely exert. C Chuck Ladale said this to me once. He said, when guys get taken down, they accept the take down. And the thing is, they get taken down and then they try to work their way back up to their feet. He goes, I never did that. When I got taken down the moment my back touched the ground, it was like hot lava. And I just exploded immediately. I never let them hold me. And it wasn the key to never getting taken down and held down. Is that the moment. He was a really good wrestler as well, obviously. But the moment someone would take him down, he would never accept it. He would just, some guys accept it like, fuck, I gotta take it down.


Alright. You know, over hook underhook, You know, like control posture, work my full guard, try to get back up, try to abide time where I have enough energy to escape Hmm. And figure out, or am I gonna try to sweep him? Am I gonna, You know, am I gonna try to pummel and, and try to get back up to my feet? Am I gonna try to scoot back to the cage? Bunch of different strategies to try to get back up. But the thing is like when you're tired, you'll accept that take down. Yeah. And when you see guys accept the take down and just pull full guard, like, that guy's fucking tired. You know? It was like the recent RA fight, it was like tough to watch some of the parts where it was just like, oh it's, You know, you're on the ground now and you're fucked. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.


Well that fight was crazy, huh? Yeah. When Michael Chandler almost fucking had him in that fifth round. Yeah. Almost had him. I mean, what a relentless motherfucker that guy is. Yeah. Man. He was getting his ass kicked for four rounds and then finally almost fucks him up. Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy when it comes down to like, You know, do or die mode. How many times it almost turns around. Well it's also crazy that a guy like him who is pretty heavily muscled and is just such a fucking training machine that he has that ultimate gas tank, even in the fifth round, just explode. Like in the fifth round. He was going hard. Which is why I always thought he was a super dangerous fight for Connor.


Yeah. He almost seems like a better cardio like Sean Shirk or something, right? Yeah. Well Sean Shirk was one of the first guys who really did have crazy cardio. Did He? Yeah. I thought, I thought he was so For the time, okay. He was a fitness fanatic. Mm. Like a conditioning fanatic. But like so was, there was a few guys, like Rich Franklin was like a fitness fanatic too. Like they dedicated a significant amount of their time just to strength and conditioning. So they had this like ultimate gas tank. Hmm. But like with Rich Franklin, the problem was his skill level was never gonna compete with Anderson Silva. Anderson Silva was just a god at the time. I mean, in his primary, he was like 34 years old.


He was fucking unstoppable. He was just soly. Yeah. The athleticism differential between everyone and him was like obscene. It was Skill too. Was like he had the ability to let punches get right here and he would just move his head slightly. And then P crack you was all your momentum is coming in and he would counter you. And he was just so skillful. And he was like a computer. He would, the first minute of the round, first fight, like first round of the fight, you would see him moving around and just like trying things on you and just sort of downloading your movements and what you're capable of. He would see you swing like, okay, I got that. Okay, I'll do a little of this.


I'll kick him a couple of times. And then by the end of the round he is like, okay motherfucker. And then you'd see him like, like the us know comedy fight. It is a great example of that. By the end of the first round he head kicks, okami and drops him. He just starts tuning him up. He just, he gets, he gets what you can do. He's like, you can't do it. I do. And then he just starts turning it On. Yeah. Some of those fights back in the day just felt like a taking time bomb for whoever he was facing. Yep. People forget, the thing about fighters when they fight past their prime is you get these guys like Anderson that fight into their forties and you remember them from their, their later fights. Yeah. You don't remember them when they were unstoppable. Like when Anderson was in his prime. He's one of the greatest fighters that's ever lived.


Oh yeah, For sure. Have you seen that UFC interview where they like sh accidentally showed, I think it was like HGH in the background. Yes. He opened his fridge. What he eating? Oh, I'm eating growth. He's popped for some dumb shit too, if I recall correctly. Well, Did you ever see his coach, his weightlifting coach? Probably when I was looking into it. But the dude was, I'm assuming he was yolked outta his Fucking mind. The dude was like 65 years old and built like Joelle Romero. Oh my God. See if you can find Anderson's Silva's strength and conditioning coach. I mean, there's no way. Yeah. There's just no way that guy knows what to take. Yeah.


There's no way. There's no, he was in his sixties fucking jacked. Huh? I mean, just super jacked. Like that's him. Oh Jesus. Yeah. Look at Anderson's face. It's a perfect picture. I mean, look at that dude. That dude's in his sixties Mean mu Yeah. Tainted supplements likely cause a failed test. Not what's in my fridge. No. Look at this. Look at the size of that guy in his sixties. So obviously he knows what to take. Yeah. That guy knows some stuff. So Chandler, you said good match for Connor. Is that ever happening? Or, I don't know if Connor's ever gonna fight Again.


What's happening with his, he just got like the civil suit Yeah. Or whatever and he's being dropped by all his Yep. Companies or something. Yep. You know, I don't know the real details of that case. I know his version of it and her version of it and what played out in the court. But the, the reality is that guy's partying and he's partying real hard. And he talked about it in the, in the court case, You know, he is talking about cocaine. Like there, it wasn the whole thing that we're all doing cocaine and we're fucking, And dude, some of his interviews, you can tell he is out of it. Allegedly. He seems at least excited. Dude, have you seen the Jake jail in Hall and Connor interview Yes.


For Roadhouse and he's just fucking tweaking the whole time. He seems like he's tweaking and Jake's just like, yeah, I can't, I can't imagine he wasn't thinking, what are you doing dude? Right. Yeah. Right. You know, it's funny, Shane Gillis has a great bit about Conor McGregor and Roadhouse. He goes, Conor McGregor basically played a coked out Conor McGregor in Roadhouse. And he, that's, So I, And Shane does like a Connor impression, so it's fucking hilarious. He's like, ah, fucking, I mean he's, he likes Coke. Oh yeah. But I think there, there's another issue to talk about and that is that a lot of fighters when they've sustained a significant amount of damage over the course of their career and there's no way to not get that right.


I mean, we saw, we've all seen Connor get beat up and knocked out. We've seen Connor's sparring footage, he spars pro boxers, he's sparring elite fighters. You're getting hit in the head a lot. And a lot of fighters, especially towards the end of their career, turn to drugs. And I think there's probably like a constant state of discomfort that they live in where their dopamine levels are all fucked up. Their, their cortisol levels are all fucked up. Their, their bodies just, you're not supposed to get punched in the head a thousand times a year. It's just not supposed to happen. And that's the reality of consistent training. So if you think about consistent training, like say if you and me are sparring and we meet at the gym three times a week and we spar three times a week and it's, let's say we spar five rounds three times a week.


Five rounds of five minutes each. We might, you might hit me 15, 20 times a round and then we're doing that three times a week and we're doing that over and over and over again. And it's not even, this is the thing people say, oh you spar light. Sure, sure. Sparring light is important, but sub-concussive trauma to the head is what causes soccer players to get CTE. Yeah. Now soccer players are getting CTE from a soccer ball. I've bounced a soccer ball. I played soccer when I was a kid. That doesn't hurt. But that, that thump. Yeah. That's giving you CTE people who ride jet skis get CTE.


Wow. Do You know that? No, I didn't know that. My friend Mark Gordon, who is an expert in traumatic brain injury and he works at the Wounded Warrior Foundation, I think he works with them, but he works, oh, angel Warrior Foundation. He works with a lot of veterans that suffer from CTE and uses a lot of hormone replacement to help them. 'cause a lot of it is damage to the pituitary gland. Your endocrine system gets fucked up from, You know, breaches, You know, explosions blown up in IEDs, all those kind of things. Like those guys are fucked, like the inside of their brain is fucked. Yeah. And there's a bunch of different therapies they apply to that. But the bottom line is that it's not just getting knocked out, it's just getting thumped a lot.


Yeah. Just thumped in train. So if we're sparring, You know, we're friends. If we are sparring, I wouldn't hit you hard. I'd hit you like that. I wouldn't ah, I wouldn't try to kill you. I'd hit you like that. But that over and over again, you're gonna get brain damage. Yeah. Fact. Yeah, no, if ands or buts about it, you're gonna get brain damage. And if you're doing that over the course of a 10, 15 year career, think about all those camps, all those rounds, all those times you sparred and not just sparred that way. How many collisions I've been, how many times I've been collided with doing juujitsu? You accidentally butt heads, you accidentally take a knee to the head, you accidentally take an elbow to the head.


It's constant. So you've got consistent trauma to your fucking dome over and over and over again. And then you get a little bit of coke, little bit of coke. Ah, and you're feeling good again. Ah, yeah, I, I bet he, I bet. You know, you get addicted to it and the guy obviously likes extreme things. Right. Which is why such a great fighter. They're wild people. That's why John Jones like cocaine too. They're fucking wild people. They wanna fight. Yeah. You know, they wanna fight in a cage for a living. That's how they literally feed themselves by beating the fuck out of skilled people. Yeah. I can imagine someone like the brain cell death that literally occurs could almost result in the perpetual state of you now need drugs to achieve like baseline even.


Yeah. To feel normal. Yeah. There's a drug I didn't mention earlier, but it's worth mentioning. You said what's not being tested for that's useful in fighters. Something called cerebral lysin is used to offset brain damage after fights. Oh. And not being tested for by water yet. And what do, how does it work? It's like one of the only sources of active NGF and BD NF that you can actually get an effect out of seemingly so like brain derived, forget what the NF sense were, but it's something that could be basically grow new brain cells essentially. Whoa. Yeah. Or offset deterioration as well during after fighting.


Why would you not let people take that? That seems like that should be standard. That should be given to everybody. Like vitamins. Yeah. Yeah. It's the pipeline of it getting through a clinical, like getting a clinical application. It's still in experimental phases. So I could see why it hasn't been getting widespread recognition and for all we know it's not gonna prove to be super effective, but at least anecdotally from people I know who've used it. Highly effective for neurogenesis. Yeah. What, what about somebody who doesn't have brain damage? Just wants to get really smart. Yeah. Yeah. Tough call. I think that might work, right? Yeah. A lot of people even nowadays are exposing themselves to things that make them stupider too. So it might even become, You know, an adjunct, kinda like preventative therapy, right?


Yeah, sure. And it's like sometimes, not even purposefully that you're doing things that make you stupider. It's just like, Like what kind of things would you describe? I don't know. Like if you have kids, you're never getting good sleep or you're somebody who's constantly on stimulants, which you could argue is, You know, bad lifestyle or whatever, but Right. You know, there are certain things that are going to kill brain cells and just aging in general. So Have you seen the studies on creatine and performance with sleep deprivation? Very Interesting. Another thing that not being tested for, which I don't think it should be, but like creatine adequate doses. Interestingly for years we've all been told take your five grams and your good. But what's often not talked about is the fact that that dosage is not going to be widespread, the optimal one for every single person.


You will likely achieve muscle saturation with that dose, but it doesn't mean you're gonna get the full suite of benefits depending on your genetics, how much you weigh muscle mass. Right. Metabolism. So Right. Five grams for 140 pound person versus a 240 pound Person. Yeah. So like some studies have found increased benefits up to like 20 grams a day. Whoa. Yeah. And if your GI can tolerate it, Like It could be worth trying to see if you get an effect out of, You know, 10 grams and then elevate from there. Do you take it? Oh yeah, I've taken gummy form him. That's hard to get an adequate dose though. How is that? Why Is that hard? Well, how many gummies do you need to take to get five? I take six. It says take three. I take six. Well let's, let's see what the dose doses go to.


Try create. Yeah. What's one I had to take those two. It's 1.5 per gummy I think. Okay. So I'm taking seven, eight. So some of the most recent studies are in like elderly women taking 20 grams. Whoa. Yeah, I'll start doing that. Start with like 10, see if you're GI tolerates It, I have no problem with creatine. Okay. I used to, I used to think it made my face fat, but I think I was just eating too much pasta. I think one of, one of the problems with gummies is oftentimes they're less likely to meet label claims. So Oh really? I don't know if that's like a third party rigorously tested product or not, but interesting. Something to be cautious of. Right. And then there's two types, right? There's creatine, monohydrate and then there's another creatine. What is the other one? There's different formats, but some are like HCL is essentially just bound to HCL instead of monohydrate, which could be more tolerable for somebody who gets GI distress from monohydrate.


Mm. Thought to be, You know, water solubility and other things. But in general, monohydrate is the one that has the most literature supporting it is tried and true. It's cheaper, easier to access. Isn't there some other stuff h something that you take in combination with it? Beta, HCL maybe. Wow. H Hm N what the Hell? H-M-B-H-M-B. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, that's it. What is that? That's I believe a metabolite of leucine, which is like very basically stimulates mTOR. So could be useful for I think people who are not getting a sufficient amount of protein in their diet and need something to stimulate mTOR for adequate muscle protein synthesis.


So like, I don't know, older people who don't get enough protein, for example. Right. It has shown efficacy. It's just the situations in contextually where it is the most effective is gonna be somebody who is not eating enough protein. But it's like how many people are eating enough protein as well, right? Yeah. It's, some studies have found that, You know, upwards of one gram per pound of body weight per day could be beneficial and most people aren't getting that. So My diet is almost entirely protein. Yeah. Yeah. My diet is mostly meat. It's pretty fucking hard to get your body weight and protein per day if you're not supplementing with protein, you're just eating meat and like animal derived sources.


And then even harder if you're a vegetarian too, if You're just eating meat and animal derived sources. It's hard For, I think for a lot of people to get high quality. Just like if you're going to eat over, I don't know, a pound and a half to two pounds of meat a day. Like you could hit your needs pretty easily. Oh, I'd do that easy. Yeah. But that's not like a typical person. I would say That's most, most of my meals are meat. Okay. Like my breakfast today, I ate like a pound of elk. Yeah. It wasn my breakfast. So what I do is I meal prep for the week on Sunday. So I'll take out of my freezer, I take a bunch of elk steaks and I put 'em on the Traeger. I slow cook 'em at like 265 degrees until I get 'em to the proper internal temperature and then I sear 'em, I cut 'em up and then I put 'em in like a glass container and put 'em in my refrigerator and then I pull it out whenever I want to eat.


So you have how much meat per day? Multiple pounds. Multiple. Yeah. Cooked weight. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. Yeah. Huh. I probably at least three pounds of meat a day. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. You might be getting, I forget how many pounds of meat you need to saturate creatine stores or at least the equivalent of five grams. But you'd probably still benefit from trying supplementing more. Especially Do I do take those gummies, like I said, I take six of those a day. But maybe I'm take, I take got the Powder bro. I'm gonna take 20 gummies, see what happens. Well let's see what happens. Half your calories, gummies and rest meat. Yeah. Let's see what's up. Yeah, they don't seem to make you, they don't, they don't upset my stomach at all. It makes you wonder if there's actually the CRE in it then.


Well, I've never had upset stomach from creatine. Okay. I've taken it in the past, but I'm taking it now more consistently than I've ever taken it before. 'cause with the gummies, it's so easy. I keep it in the gym, I just bust it open. Yeah. Eat some of them. Yeah. Yeah. It's, They taste good too. One of the most slept on supplements for sure. I think it kind of got, I don't know, like not as much attention as it deserves. Maybe more recently it's gotten a bit more hype because of some of the literature around its cognitive effects and whatnot. But it's like super useful for a myriad of things. What Is the mechanism for giving you a cognitive enhancing benefit? I think it's thought to be like local energy production in the brain.


So some people genetically or as they age or what have you, have deficiencies in the capacity to produce a TP. And if you can like backfill it with like a readily available source of phospho creatine, then you could basically get it to baseline of where it should be. It makes you wonder like people that are on a vegan diet, like what, what are their creatine levels? Like? Oh, not good enough. For sure. There's no way. Right. Oh, it's impossible. Even if you're somebody who eats a lot of meat, you might think you're good, but unless you're eating multiple pounds a day, it's unlikely that you've saturated stores. Well that's like one of the more insidious things about these people that are proselytizers who's trying to get people to become vegan and they'll, one of the things that they say is that it'll improve your athletic performance, which is like straight horseshit.


Mm. Like I don't know of any elite athlete at the very top of any sport that's a vegan. Do you? No. I know some IFPB pros who are vegan, but really They Do a lot to optimize their diets that requires like special protein supplements and this and that and A massive amount of steroids. Yeah. A lot of them are dope too. Yeah. That helps. Yeah. So I, there are definitely successful, like people who thrive I think doing vegan diets, but oftentimes it is more meticulous in the planning needed to like actually make it so you could thrive on it. Right. As opposed to like if you're eating enough red meat and whatnot, like you've sort of, you can be stupid and still cover your bases essentially.


Right, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So the difference between, one thing is like if someone say, well a pound of broccoli will equal, You know, X amount of steak in terms of the amount of protein that's, but it's not the same bioavailability. Yeah. Like the amino acid composition is not going to be the same. And it might not even stimulate muscle protein synthesis to the capacity that is needed to actually be anabolic. So like some vegans I would assume might actually benefit from supplementing with like essential amino acids on top of their meals just 'cause they're not hitting a leucine threshold. Right. So, and that's where like an HMB also could maybe be have use as well. And is creatine, is it sourced in a vegan way or is, is any of it derived from animal sources?


That's a good question. I'm not sure. But if you can make testosterone from soy right. I think creatine you could probably get from Something reasonable. It's pretty crazy what they can synthesize. Oh Dude. Yeah. You would never think that's where you get it from, right? Yeah. Well it just takes so many brilliant people working in so many different capacities to create like all the stuff that we have available right now. Yeah. Like some dude like took a fucking yam And it was like, hey, these chemicals look similar to these chemicals that we like make in our balls. Like let's tweak it and like make it, let's sell it to people as testosterone. Yeah. I don't even know. And it works. Yeah. That's what's nuts. It's like super effective. Yeah.


Yeah. It's very strange that it's also kind of derided that like people like look down upon it. Like why would you look down upon anything? Especially as you're an older person, why would you look down upon anything that's gonna make you feel better? Yeah. No, I think more awareness is coming to it. But also in women for HRT, which is, you could argue even more of a necessity than at least with men, a lot can maintain residual hormone production to some capacity that could sustain good health long term. But with women, once you hit menopause, like you are guaranteed to have like a complete cessation of estrogen and progesterone production.


Yeah. To where you are guaranteed putting your brain and heart in danger if you don't replace those hormones. Wow. Yeah. So it's almost like, I don't know, like unwinding some of the shitty information it wasn put out decades ago on. That's the thing for, for women there was a lot of shitty information put out about hormone replacement. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I think it was the Women's health initiative. They had some study that showed like a relative risk increase in breast cancer or something to the tune of some negligible insignificant amount and they were also using synthetic drugs as opposed to bioidentical. So it'd be like the equivalent of me putting you on DECA and then being like, oh well you got cancer so testosterone sucks.


Right, Right, Right. Yeah. Which is fucking ridiculous. Yeah. So they were using like horse piss derived estrogens or something and then like some shitty progest and determining oh HR t's bad 'cause of some also relatively insignificant increase in cancer risk, which at least to date in bioidentical hormones we have not seen play out. And the upside far outweighs the risk seemingly that we can see right now. It's just not really permeated the, I don't know, like masses yet. Well think About how many fucking people are in testosterone replacement therapy and how few of them, You know, that have problems. I don't know of anybody that has a problem with it.


I know of so many people that have been enhanced by it and they feel so much better. They have so much more, more energy, more life. Yeah. Yeah. It's super impactful. And for, for women too, like no more hot flashes while you're sleeping, your bones aren't gonna degrade at the same rates. Like Yeah. Your brain is not like Alzheimer's rates in women are like two x that of men. And it's really of all, it's definitely intertwined with menopause, shutting off their hormones. Wow. Yeah. There's so much shit information out there. Yeah. That's what's fucked when you hear about studies that like, You know when, when the sugar industry funded those studies to demonize saturated fat Because you, they were trying to say the saturated fat was causing heart attacks and not sugar when you see about, and I think they only paid them like $50,000 or something crazy.


So it was 19, 1960s. Oh my God. You know, don't know that. Well I didn't know it was 50 grand. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure it's like that's fucked up $50,000 And it ruined everybody. Not That if it was a bigger amount of money it would be fine. But I mean it's just shocking how, how little it was. It would makes sense if they paid 'em 50 million, you'd be like, well You know, you're unethical. But hey, if somebody offered me 50 million, who knows what I would do. No. $50,000. And these motherfuckers ruined people for decades and Decades. Some dildo wanted a portion just ruined like the fucking Yeah. Food pyramid. Well It's like they've, they've, here it is. Yep. There it is. 50 years ago, sugar industry, quietly paid scientist, they wound up paying approximately $50,000 in today's dollars for the research. So it is even less than $50,000.


So it's $50,000 today. So if 50 years ago, that's probably like 10 grand. Yeah. They paid 'em 10 grand and these motherfuckers ruined everyone's health. Yeah. Got people taking margarine, Brutal And being scared of butter and eggs and, and meat. Damn dude. Crazy. Yeah. So your diet is just meat? Yeah, Mostly. What about Fruit? I eat fruit. Yeah. Yeah. I love Fruit because you've been like cycling back and forth between I, I like fruit before I workout. I like fruit after I workout sometimes, You know, I like fruit but I very rarely eat vegetables unless I want to. Yeah. Like if some asparagus and it's looking good, I'll have some asparagus.


You know what I mean? Yeah. Like if I see some brussel sprouts, I eat it for taste. Yeah. Sort of like, I think of it like pasta except not as bad for you. Yeah. I think of it as like, oh that would probably taste good. I'd like to eat some of that. Yeah. I don't think of it as like, this is like nutrition and fuel. Yeah. So when I, when I eat for nutrition and fuel, it's eggs and steak. Yeah. That's 90 plus percent of my diet. Have you been following the boxing gold medal debacle with that? Like First of all, XY chromosome case closed. Yeah. If you have a fucking, and this is what the enhanced game wants to do. So the enhanced games, You know, they're developing this Olympic style event and they're, they're spending a lot of money on it.


They have a lot of big investors and they're gonna give real prize. It's like a million dollars if you win the gold medal instead of zero, which is what the Olympics gives. And I asked them, I'm like, How are you gonna address like trans athletes? And they said we, we think we're gonna do chromosomes, But Yeah. Yeah. Which Is really the only way to do it politically correct. Yeah. You know, you don't say this is not a woman. You say what, what are you chromosomes? Forget it, ma'am, what are you chromosomes XY Ma'am, you gotta be in the XY box. Go over there. But I identify as a woman, get over there, get over There. Apparently they used to do sex testing in the Olympics in the nineties, I believe they stopped doing it. And then since then it's been like these weird nuanced scenarios with oh is your testosterone level looking male or whatever.


And You know, it's, it gets nuanced with the type of like disorder you have. 'cause some are far more advantageous than others. And if this medical report it wasn leaked of this boxer is true, it's basically the worst offender of the disorders you could have. 'cause it's basically like a five alpha reductase deficiency is basically just depriving your body of DHD. But if you have internal testes making testosterone, you still have the full functional capacity of a male to build muscle and bone and all the psychoactive effects and all that. So yeah, Lung size, heart size. Yeah. To be determined.


Which I think that that athlete should go get the testing to actually disprove it if it was true or if it wasn't true. But They would've already done that. Yeah. Where there's smoke, there's fire, You know, I just, I think if too many people are calling you a man, like there's this one case of there was that runner who Castor Sonia. Right. So that's a very different thing. No, it wasn like potentially the same thing. Really? Yeah. So XY chromosome Had internal testes XY chromosomes, five alpha reductase deficiency and had the testosterone levels of a male because of the internal testes. Oh Jesus. And you might grow up thinking that you are female 'cause you haven't had adequate sexual differentiation and maturation from the lack of DHT.


So it's almost like the equivalent to putting a kid at birth on like a mega dose of Finasteride or Dutasteride and wiping out their DHT. Oh wow. So they still grow up with male level muscle development from the testosterone. But no macu not sufficient masculinization to differentiate you and mature you completely from the DHT. Well let's see, what is the latest on this? So let's find out what is the leaked story on this boxer and find out like w like has anybody analyzed this? Is there any like conclusion that anybody's drawn? Or is this I don't think So.


I think it's still, is the leaked report legit or not? And it is, the story I Could find this is November 6th Confirms the Olympic boxing champion launching legal action over medical alligator. But this is just about the legal No, I know. I I was looking for any story about it having updated information. This was the, the most recent story was written and anything else was from October where it was saying that she was Not, she's also saddened by the abuse she has received. Do you think they'll go back and edit this if it turns out she's a man? Well, he's saddened by the abuse that he's received. It Was the, it was about the, the claims that the, they were stripped of their title or the gold medal and that's Not true. Well, true. That's not true. No, they haven't been stripped. So if they're suing over that, that they, they can actually win that lawsuit. Oh. They're suing over something in the French media.


'cause they've gotten, And I feel like the Olympic committee probably has to lean into, You know, the whole politically correct angle of it too, to not get the scrutiny of you let this person punch women in the head. Of course. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. She had never felt a punch like this. Eh, so what, You have all sports too. Yeah. Fucking fighting people. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty crazy. But, so what is the leaked report? Jamie, find out what the leaked report, excuse me. The leaked report on this person is, that's What, that's what this has to do with. I Think I understand what it has to do with it, but find out what the actual leak report is. Like. What is the leak report? Oh, Jesus. I think it was the basically assessment of Internal testicles.


Yeah. Okay. French journalists. But it's been, there's been multiple studies or multiple articles written saying that this person has XY chromosomes. It wasn a supposed failed gender eligibility test from some organization that Yeah. International Boxing Association did not allow her to participate in 2023 world championships after she failed gender eligibility tests. But the International Olympic Committee did authorize her presence at Paris 2024. But here's the thing, like, is this, when when they say the International Olympic Committee did authorize, what are they by? What? Yeah. This is the crazy thing is apparently their criteria was that you are female on your passport.


Oh. But it's like, You know, if you look female at birth, you easily could if you have this disorder. So Didn't Dylan Mulvaney change their passport to a female? Oh, Probably. I don't know. Did They find out? Can you change your passport to female if you're transgender? I think you can. Yeah. I don't, I don't know if Dylan Mulvaney did it. I, that's so low barrier too. Like you just have like a fucking ID piece that says you're female, therefore we're gonna ignore testes. Yeah. Like what the fuck? The whole thing is so crazy. This, this is one of the weirder aspect and the reason why people harp on it so much. Why is everybody so obsessed with trans? Because this is why, 'cause it's bizarre.


No medical documentation. You do not need to provide medical documentation to change your gender marker. So this is for on us passport. You can select M for male, F for female, or X for unspecified or another gender identity. So you could have X on your passport. I think I'm gonna get that. So no medical documentary. So I could be a female. I could just say I'm a female. Show up with a full beard genetic marker. You select doesn't need to match your gender on your citizenship evidence or photo. Id see the reason why this works is I don't know what's going on inside you. I don't know how you feel. Hmm. I, I'm, I could be arrogant and completely not compassionate and I could just decide that you're just full of shit.


You're a guy. Or you could be in agony going through life, feeling like a woman and not understanding why you have a dick. I think there's that too. But like I talked about in my comedy, special perverts disappeared like the flu during Covid. Like they don't exist anymore. Like a guy in a dress who gets a hard on going into the women's room is a woman now. Hmm. They used to be psychos. It used to be like Norman Bates in the movie Psycho Dress Up like his mom, silence of the Lambs. It puts the lotion in the basket. It was, it was like there, if you wanted to make someone in a movie scarier, you put 'em in a dress. Yeah. He took a psycho killer.


You made him dress like a woman. Like, oh, this guy's fucking crazy. And then somewhere we just decided that doesn't exist anymore. And so there's no perverts. And so anyone who just says they're a woman gets to go in the women's room, go in the women's locker, play in women's sports, and you're completely ignoring this subset of society that has always been fucking terrifying to people. Creepy guys who dress up like women who pretend to be women or just perverts. They just wanna sneak around women's room and smell their shit. There's people that are out of their mind and you've given them a hall pass. Yeah. Yeah. Like I could empathize with somebody who didn't know and then would became aware of it.


And then once they became aware of it, they stopped competing. It would suck Yes. For everyone involved, obviously. But like I could understand like how shitty of a predicament that is. Yes. But it's like the onus is on you once you've been assessed to not compete anymore. Right. And to like confirm what the fuck is going on. Yeah. Go fight guys. Yeah. And it's like, even if you're at a disadvantage, like well, it doesn't mean you fight girls at your advantage. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. If you were a disadvantaged fighting guys, you probably shouldn't be fighting. Yeah. Like how many girls are transitioning and then fighting men or competing against men. Zero. Right. Well also, here's the other argument. There is a spectrum, right? So there are guys with naturally lower testosterone than a guy like say Yoel Romero.


Yoel Romero has an advantage over almost everybody. Hmm. You know, when it comes to like genetics, he's just like a fucking specimen from God. Yeah. Right. So you have that, which is the rarest of rare, right? And then you have a guy like, You know, fill in the blank. There's like a bunch of fighters in the UFC. I don't wanna disparage anybody, but there's a bunch of guys, you look at 'em and you're like, that's not a specimen, but super tough, super technical, works real hard, very intelligent in their approach. And they're managed to fight really well. But if they go up against a guy who's just a freak, just a physical freak, and that guy works just as hard and is just as intelligent and just as methodical in their training, they're gonna have an advantage. Just a natural God-given advantage.


Just the universe is kiss them with genetics and those people exist, man. And so you can't say, well then that guy should be able to fight women now 'cause he can't beat yo Romero. Yeah. Like, that's stupid. Yeah. That's fucking stupid. And it's also, you're not protecting women. I thought that the left was all about protecting women. Like this was the whole thing about progressives protect people that are like not as safe. Like I don't generally worry about women raping me. Hmm. Never. Yeah. Never in my life have I been in a bar go, boy, I hope some woman doesn't try to rape me. Yeah. Yeah. I hope some woman doesn't try to root for me and get my dick hard. And like, no one ever thinks that way, but women walk through life worrying about getting roofed or getting raped or getting dragged into an alleyway.


They worry about that. Guys don't worry about that. Hmm. It's, it's just a completely different dynamic. So when you are comparing like trans this and trans that, like there's not a guy I've ever talked to in my life that doesn't, that is even remotely concerned with a trans man going into the men's room. Yeah. I don't give a fuck if like, what's that person? It wasn Chaz Bono, Chaz Bono Sonny Bono's daughter that became a man. Chaz can come into the men's room. I don't give a fuck. It doesn't even freak me out at all.


If Chaz is in the men's room and I have a 2-year-old son with me that I have to take into the bathroom, go to the bathroom, I'm not worried about Chaz Bono, but I am worried about a pervert. If I, if I was a guy and I had a, a, a daughter and she was like 10 years old and she went into the women's room and then I saw a man with a fucking five o'clock shadow and a wig on, go into the bathroom behind her and I couldn't go in the men, I couldn't go in the women's room and see what's going on. I go, I don't know. That might just be a really kind person who identifies as a woman and happens to have a beard or it could be a complete fucking psycho, which are real things. And by being this compassionate person, I'm supposed to ignore the, the reality of psychos.


Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. This is where it becomes like a cult. Like this is where it becomes like you're indoctrinated into this very rigid ideology that you can't stray from at all. And if you do, you're, you're cast outta the kingdom forever. You're you're a heretic. You're a terrible person. Yeah. Fucked up man. It's, I don't really know even the, the scrutiny on it, I don't really know how, they don't acknowledge how absurd it is. Like, So it's, when you watch people defend it, they have to do mental gymnastics. Yeah. It just, do you ever see the conversation that I had with Adam Conover about it? No.


Oh. Oh. It was one of the most brutal conversations of all time. It's about trans women in sports and Oh, so this was like a debate? Well, it didn't turn out to be, it wasn't planned out. It just, it just came about because he was doing, You know, he was just, we were talking about it And it got to the subject of trans women competing. And his position was like, I am in favor of a sport that's more inclusive. So if that makes it more inclusive for the trans woman. And he was like in favor of hormone blockers for children that they, they've always known that they're a woman. Like, what the fuck are you? You don't have any kids. You don't know what kids are like. You, you could tell your kids that they're a werewolf. I'm like, stay, keep away from the full moon. You're a werewolf. Oh, I always knew. Like they're kids.


Yeah. Their brain's not formed. And also they wanna please you. And if you're a a, how many fucking Hollywood psychos have trans kids? How many people were, they fly the flag of inclusivity and they're, they're a proud progressive and I'm proud that I have a queer child. How much of that is your influence? Hmm. Is it 0%? Because I bet it's not, I bet there's some sort of reinforcement of that. It's just like the, the numbers are so extraordinary. When you have parents that have three trans kids, you're like, what? Three? What are the odds of that? And you're nuts. You're a nutty actress and you have three trans kids.


What's going on here? And you're not allowed to say it. If you say anything, you say, oh, this person who's clearly mentally ill, might actually be mentally ill and might actually have Munchausen syndrome. You know, like they, they might be doing something terrible to their child because they're just fucking nuts. And they want a trans kid, like, so they could fly it as a, they could put their pride flag in their fucking front door and they feel like a better person. There are people like that. And then there are also people that are just compassionate people that want people to be free and do whatever you want. And they want you to have complete freedom to express yourself. I don't care if a guy wears a dress. Wear a dress man. If that's what you like, I don't care. You wanna paint your nails, want to have lipstick on? I don't give a fuck. Have a good time. I want you to be happy. I'll be your friend. Just don't try to compete against women in sports.


That's fucking nuts. Yeah. And don't try to make women uncomfortable by walking with your dick out in the, the women's locker room. This, how about the guy in Canada that's 50 years old that identifies as a, a, a, a teenage girl and was competing in like young girls swimming and they, they allowed him, 'cause Canada, like, You know Yeah. You live there off the rails. You live in a communist shit hole. That place is nuts. Yeah. And they allow some of the most bananas trans stuff of all time. They on taxpayer money in Canada, they paid for a guy to develop breast milk. Do You know about this story? No. Oh yeah. Has an adopted child paid for them?


Paid for this person to lactate. Lactate. You imagine the toxic milk that's coming outta this man tent. Oh, horrendous. Like what is in there? Like what are you generating? You don't even have the glands for it. Like what's actually being secreted there? What is that? Yeah. It's like if you asked me would it be good milk quality from some guy on trend or deca and he is just fucking secreting shit of his nipples, I'd be like, fuck no dude. Fuck no. Yeah. Like what is happening? What is in that milk and what is that gonna do to the baby that's sucking on it? Ugh. And all in the name of inclusivity, inclusivity all in the name of being a kind, compassionate, open-minded person that's not open-minded.


That's nuts. And it's cowardly. 'cause you're afraid to say what You know to be true Because you don't wanna suffer the repercussions. You don't want to be called a trans phobe, whatever the fuck that means. You don't wanna be called a bigot. You don't wanna be called any of these things. So you'll go along with some of the most preposterous ideas, including pretending that perverts don't exist. Yeah. I hope, I don't know if Pierre is gonna get into winning the election and get Trudeau out, but God seems like a reasonable guy. Well he seems way more reasonable than Trudeau, who seems completely insane. Yeah. And like candidly, I'm not like a political expert by any fucking means at all. So don't take anything I'm saying.


Seriously. Apparently last time I was here people thought I was like, by not saying anything about it, I was like, endorsing Trudeau or something. I was like, by not saying anything about it, I, I don't know. There was like comments about how like, Derek knows better. He knows who this PR guy is. I'm like, oh, I just don't follow this shit. Like I should probably. Yeah. So, but he, yeah, he seems reasonable. And in contrast to Trudeau who's like a fucking Full on gong show full on lunatic, who's completely changed his tune on so many different things, including going after guns, what they did with the trucker. The trucker strike. Yeah. Like the de banking thing you guys talked about recently. It's like not new news in Canada. I know. Yeah. Fucked up.


Well they did it to people who donated. Yeah. To the trucker convoy. Which is really crazy. So you just say, Hey, these people shouldn't be mandated to get a vaccine that has, You know, a safety profile that's really like, we don't really know yet. We don't know. There's no long-term studies. We don't really know what's gonna happen. And you're just like, mandating this. Yeah. Why, why? Yeah, why I don't have to do it. Why are you making me do it? It turned out you really didn't have to do it. So this is what, what's turned out now? Like, You know, the, was it the, here I'll, I'll, I'll send it to you Jamie. So they released a study recently where the actual government went and looked over here, I'll say do this. So they went and looked over what the actual results were from the pandemic and the findings are they're, You know, not that shocking to anybody who was actually paying attention, but completely contrary to what the instructions were when we were young.


And this was, or when, You know, COVID was recent rather. So COVID-19, this is the house released a 500 page report on COVID-19 pandemic key findings. COVID-19 likely originated from a lab related incident in Wuhan China. Crazy. You get banned from YouTube for saying that banned. Okay. Over $200 billion in relief funds lost to fraud with criminals exploiting weak oversight, prolonged lockdowns and arbitrary mandates cause severe harm, economic devastation, mental health crisises and historic learning loss while lacking robust scientific support policies ignored natural immunity, pushing mandates that eroded trust and harmed public perception of science.


Absolutely. WHO and CDC compromised by political interference offering inconsistent unscientific guidance that fueled public distrust. And the key players included federal agencies and Cuomo's administration actively obstructed oversight efforts and hid critical evidence. Christ Select subcommittee on par. Coronavirus pandemic basically said all the conspiracy theorists were correct. Yeah, every single one of 'em. No repercussions. No retractions. No apology from Rachel Maddow, none of it. Yeah man. It's in Canada. The lockdowns are pretty absurd.


I know here they were. It depended on the state and whatever. But yeah, Canada was like, get your vaccines. You're not leaving to go anywhere basically. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Crazy fucked up. Did you have to take it? Yeah, dude. Fucking sucked. Did You have a side effect? No. Well at least that I could tell And I've Did you Ever do a D dimer Test? Yeah, it's, you're normal. Oh that's good. Yeah. Well, from what I understand, I talked to a friend of mine who's very knowledgeable in this and he said that one of the real problems was the lack of aspiration that they didn't aspirate when they injected people, even when they did Biden on television, they just jammed that thing into his arm and, And it shot it in there. So is it supposed to stay like local or something? And it's like, It's supposed, the idea about it was it's supposed to stay local, right?


Hmm. It's supposed to stay local. But apparently there's been, if you talk to Brett Weinstein, a bunch of other peoples, there's a lot of debate as to whether or not it is ever local that they've been able to find the evidence of the spike protein all throughout the body. And the the issue though was if you didn't aspirate and you went right into a blood vessel, Ooh, Okay. So that could be the cause of myocarditis, all these different neurological conditions, all these different things. So the lipid nanoparticles and this vaccine gets in your system, your body reacts to it like it's being attacked. Right. Well if it gets to the heart, your heart doesn't heal. Right. Which is why your heart doesn't get cancer.


Your heart scars. Yeah. Like your liver heals. Your liver regenerates. You could lose half your liver. You know, you could donate half your liver to someone And it'll grow back in weeks. Yeah. Yeah. The liver's resilient. It's nuts. Yeah. But your heart's not like that. So the heart scars over And it leads to, You know, enlargement of the heart. Myocarditis, pericarditis. So this is the thought. This is what my friend told me, who's a very intelligent person. I wanna name him. But he said that the real issue is that they didn't aspirate and a significant number of people that are experiencing these long-term issues from the vaccine, it's Because it went right into their bloodstream when it was supposed to be intramuscular. Yeah. There is a several times now 'cause as, especially if you're on TRT, you're probably more understanding of how to inject yourself almost than somebody who's like a random pharmacist that just jamming people as fast as they want.


Yeah. Every single day. Just as part of their gig. And you're kind of risking it if you just let somebody else pin you. Yeah. Like sometimes you feel like being like, Hey, can I do this? Right. Yeah. Right. But even then, like if you jam it into your arm, it's possible that you could hit a blood vessel. Yeah. Have you ever heard of trend cough? I have. What is that? Yeah, so it's thought to be that if you get into like you nick a vein or something, or you'd like hit a blood vessel for example, and you get some of it bleeding immediately into systemic circulation rather than being intramuscular entirely, it goes very quickly up to your lungs and you basically have a coughing fit, get induced by your body trying to like expel whatever is there.


Whoa. And so like I could absolutely see something that wasn't meant to go immediately into systemic circulation being more problematic. Like with trend cough. I've experienced it personally back in the day. This is like one of the most sobering things about bodybuilding is if you get trend cough, it's like the most pathetic scenario you'll ever find yourself in. 'cause you're just this muscle bound dude who just injected yourself with like cattle, steroids and you're just looking at yourself in the mirror hacking up along, sweating your fucking face off. And like, what am I doing with my life? And you can't get around it other than just like cough along for three minutes. It takes three minutes for it to Go away. It depends, but Like It how much you have and all this, a bunch of stuff.


But yeah, it's like basically if it happens you can feel it coming on. You just like fucking brace yourself on the sink and you can get ready to hack up a lung for a few minutes. Jesus. And is it a consistent thing or is it a one time thing like right after injection or is it something that Recurs, it's after injection, but it's like, You know, who knows what that does once you get like solvents and fucking, You know, like whatever else is in your compound, in your solution into systemic circulation immediately. Like, I don't know What is trend is something that the craziest of people that I know have taken, including like jiujitsu guys that really want to get super jacked. They take trend. Yeah. And I'm like, what is it about the trend? And they apparently get like ultravit when they're on trend.


Yeah. So it's a unique compound. It wasn, Is it called trend Below? Is that what it's Yeah. And it used to be used in for like, I forget what the clinical application was, but it was a pharmaceutical approved steroid back in the eighties. And then was, You know, basically taken off the market similar to around the same, same time that co, interestingly enough, Biden was the one who spearheaded getting like steroids scheduled essentially. Biden did. Yeah. He was like at the forefront of pushing for the banning of them or scheduling if I Don't have muscles, nobody has muscles. Yeah. And that's like he's blamed often by the bodybuilding community for the lack of refinements in anabolic steroids.


'cause now we're stuck with the same drugs we've been using since like the eighties. Wow. So like every drug category has had significant refinements over the years to make them more effective, less side effect ridden, et cetera. Mm. Like GLP one medications for example, highly effective and constantly being like lightning through pipelines to create really, really refined ones that are less problematic. And with steroids it wasn being done in the eighties. And then once there was, You know, the Ben Johnson debacle I believe it was. Yeah. That brought all this, You know, public outcry, Not a proud Canadian. Yeah. And it getting tested positive for Windrow I think.


And people were like, is this just gonna become like a fucking like chemical warfare essentially in the Olympics and whoever's dope the most is gonna win. And people were freaking out and the response was Biden getting it, including testosterone scheduled. Wow. Yeah. And then there was this huge stigma developed around them and the taboo of being on steroids was developed. And that's kind of what led to this probably slowing down progress decades and likely preventing people from getting steroids developed that were far less likely to kill them. Yeah. So we could have like a really refined, highly effective compounds by now that don't make your heart explode if you just, if they just continued probably.


Well I know that one state, I think it was Oregon, essentially decriminalized everything. I think they've taken that back now. 'cause I think it was like a, just Oregon's a disaster. Anyway, Portland in particular, like you go, there's just needles and drug addicts. It's like open air drug marts everywhere. 'cause the, all the homelessness and the camping on the street, the, the tent situation there is fucking nuts. And they're super tolerant, progressive people. So like overwhelmingly right. So they just, they look at like in terms of compassion for these people, we need to fund them. And you're basically giving them money to stay homeless. It's really nuts. So when a society like that decriminalizes everything, we're just gonna have fucking people are gonna go haywire with meth and, and You know, and whatever else they want to get.


Yeah. But they also did it with steroids. They did it with everything. They essentially decriminalized all drugs. Hmm. Interesting. But I think they took, did they take that back, Jamie? I would be curious even if it was decriminalized though, what the access would be like. 'cause it's still gonna be contingent to, on compounding pharmacies being able to make stuff legally. Right. Which from what I understand is actually getting worse scrutiny as opposed to Like It getting better. Well They're scrutinizing peptides now, which is Yeah. Really crazy. Oregon law rolling back drug decriminalization takes effect making possession a crime again. So is it, of all things, did they just change the law? Totally. So is the Democratic controlled legislature passed the re criminalization law in March, overhauling a measure approved by 58% of voters in 2020 that made possessing illicit drugs like heroin punishable by a ticket and a maximum $100 fine.


The measure directed hundreds of millions of dollars in cannabis tax revenue towards addiction services. But the money was slow to get out the door at a time when the fentanyl crisis was causing a spike in deadly overdoses. And health officials grappling with the COVID-19 pandemic were struggling to stand up the new treatment system. State auditors found. Okay. So they just couldn't keep up with what was, they didn't follow through with the whole idea of these con addiction centers and rehabilitation centers. Yeah. And like some of this stuff is like, I don't even know how much it would help being able to possess something when you can't even get it prescribed to begin with.


Right. You can't manufacture it. Yeah. Like It still, like if you, if you're allowed to get cocaine, if you're allowed to possess cocaine, what will you buying fentanyl, ace cocaine from the cartel. Like what do you Yeah. What is it like in Canada? It's not a, I'm pretty sure it's not a crime to possess steroids, but to sell it and distribute it, It is a crime. And there's still no pharmacies that are making like pharmaceutical grade steroids that aren't testosterone. Could a pharmacy make it and give it away? You had some Elon Musk type fucking crazy person. I don't think so. Probably not man. Right. So if it's decriminalized and you're allowed to possess it, are you allowed to make it? No. I think just like the process of distributing pro, I don't even know, but I know like Alexandri and for example, VAR was recently like banned entirely and it's been allowed to be prescribed for certain like hyper-specific niche purposes for decades.


It's been around since the eighties and And it's banned in America as well. Yeah. Like recently it was added to like, it, it was basically de approved. But why Good question. Apparent. I I But you could still get the COVID-19 vaccine. Yeah. Easily. They'll still tell you to get it. Yeah. They try to give it to kids. Yeah. Fucked up man. Yeah. But it's Crazy because like how many people are dying from var? Not many. Yeah. Like what's the numbers? It's like, what is it like Brazil nut deaths, You know what I mean? Like it's definitely not the safe, a safe drug, but I mean like it's, You know, when it's used appropriately it can be fine. Right? Yeah. But there's not a crisis.


No, no. Yeah, Definitely. Yeah. That's the thing. It's like why are you passing laws when there's not an issue? Yeah. I don't know what the effect of RFK will be, but it sounds like he might be able to influence things now in like a positive direction to that stuff. He looks a little saucy. Oh For sure. He's 70. He is. I think he admitted that he's on TRT. Yeah. Clearly. Yeah. I mean if you, you would have to be the craziest genetic freak of all time to carry that kind of muscle mass at 70 naturally. Yeah. Yeah. So that's good. And he also is open to the idea of changing the classification of psychedelics as well, which I think is gonna be really important to people. Yeah. There's a, there's a lot of things that morons are preventing society from using and that's really all it is.


People who are ignorant to the effects, ignorance to the, they're ignorant to all of it. And they're compromised generally by pharmaceutical drug companies. Yeah. I definitely think psychedelics have utility. One thing I do see that freaks me out though is people permanently changing their brain chemistry with like heavy ayahuasca exposure or whatever. Oh yeah. Like have you seen, I've seen multiple cases of this on social media as well as in real life people have gone like retreats and then come back unrecognizable in their demeanor and how they behave and not in a good way. Like, like weirdos. Yeah. Yeah, I know a few. Yeah. Like have you seen Liver King recently? No. What's going on? He seems like, I don't know, like borderline schizophrenic now.


Okay. But is that also I think he was mentally ill, right? Maybe. Yeah. I would've listen, lemme just classify my definition of mental illness as someone who lies. I think that's a mental illness. Okay. Yeah. I think lying when it's really obvious. Yeah. Like, You know, if I try to tell people I'm six foot three mm that's an obvious lie if I say that over and over again until somebody comes up with a ruler. That's crazy. You have to be a crazy person. That's a mental illness. If you lie and say you're black and you're actually white and you like work for the naacp, like the Rachel Doze lady kind of mentally ill, right? Yeah. That's mental. That's a mental ill, there's something wrong. You're not like, you're not thinking clear and you're doing a thing that we generally like universally say is a bad thing, which is lying.


Right. So if you're doing that, you're lying about taking steroids when it's super obvious you're on steroids, you're 46 years old, you look like a fucking superhero. You Right. Just super jacked. Yeah. You know, and then gets caught. Yeah. Okay. So now he has to come out and say that he's, now imagine you've never been famous and then all of a sudden you are really, really famous really quickly over the course of a few years, like social media all over TikTok, your profile is elevated to the point where you could say to the regular person's street, You know who Liver King is? Like, oh yeah. That roed up guy. Everybody knows who he is. Then the hate because your labs come out and finds out he's on a shit load of things.


This guy's juiced to the tits obviously. Yeah. For a guy like you or a guy like me, we look at a guy like that, like you've gotta be on the juice. You don't even look remotely normal. See, everyone says that though too. But a lot of people believed him. Yeah. Well a lot of people are just ignorant, right? Yeah. But the people that knew like yourself 100%, you knew that that guy was on steroids. Right? Yeah. So then imagine the anxiety that comes with being exposed and then the hate. Now I don't this dude, I don't know what this dude does in terms of like social media if he reads comments, but just imagine the psychological effect of being bombarded by people calling you a piece of shit and a liar and a fraud all day long.


Every time you check your Instagram or whatever, you got your YouTube, the comments are filled with people who hate you Yeah. Filled with it. And you're just like sitting there stew in your own shit and just freaking out about your decisions. And your, your, your brain probably gets overrun by stress. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. It's, I I don't even know for, for him specifically either if he did psychedelics or not. I'm pretty sure he's talked about it openly. But it was just like some of the videos were really odd And it kind of reflected behavior I've seen of people who had like experiences gone awry. Yeah. But certainly not representative of what happens if it's done properly.


Well I think it's depends on if it's done properly. To who? Yeah. Like your baseline state and like what, what you're Yeah, I think there's people, like this is the argument that Alex Beon said had, when he wrote that book, You know, he used to write for the New York Times. He wrote a book called Tell Your Children. And it's all, his argument is that marijuana is not safe for everybody. Hmm. Right. It's safe for a lot of people. I know a lot of people use marijuana all the time. They don't have any problems. But I do know multiple people that have gone schizophrenic for marijuana now. Is it, they were going schizophrenic anyway and then these high dose marijuana experiences were the tipping point. We don't really know. But we do know there's a correlation and I've seen it, I've seen it with multiple people where they were really normal and then all of a sudden they start talking to you about like, You know, like someone's talking to them and their head and there's a chip and Elon Musk is gonna have them be the king of Mars and like people lose their shit man.


And they, they go into this world of paranoid fantasy and delusion and it's horrible to see, especially to someone that you care about. It's really fucking weird. Kills your REM sleep too. Marijuana does. Yeah. Well if you're using it like to sleep, it can reduce sleep latency but significantly harms REM sleep. So you might not be getting quality sleep every night, which exacerbates the effect. It definitely fucks with your dreams. Yeah. You know how I know this sober October. Yeah. When we do sober October, like immediately have these wild dreams, like super vivid dreams. Yeah. And I'm like, where are these things been? So like for the whole month it was crazy Fucking dreams. Do you track the sleep metrics when you're doing sober October verse?


No, I was doing it for a while with whoop. I was like checking my recovery. I wasn't that I'm, I'm basically a feel person, like how do I feel? Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty good at knowing how I feel and if I feel well rested, if I got eight hours sleep and I feel well rested, I'm not even gonna check my, I don't care. I feel great. Let's go, let's go. I just like, I think, think so much of it is mental, You know, so much of it's like the energy that you have to approach your day is enthusiasm and health. You know, that's where your energy generally comes from. Yeah. The stress of tracking can sometimes like defeat the purpose as well for some people. I think it's also, You know, I've heard people talk about like addiction, You know, like how many people are addicted to their phones?


Most of us, right? There's an addiction to checking like health metrics. There's an, and there's also an addiction like competing. But I would say that that's an, an addiction that's fairly positive. 'cause you're addicted to these numbers that are correlated with health benefits. So I was like, what is addiction? Okay. If you're a gambling addict and you're losing your house and your children don't have food, okay, that's a detrimental addiction. But if you are addicted to exercise and you're super fit because of it and you're, you're gonna live longer and you're healthy as fuck and you look great, is that really an addiction? I'm not sure if we're talking about the same thing, we're talking about the same kind of pattern, but like I've been addicted to a lot of things.


I've been addicted to martial arts. Yeah, for sure. Like if I don't, I would be like out in public and pe if people, if people were boring to me, I'd be thinking of combinations. I'd be like talking to them and I'd be, I wasn't thinking about what they were saying. I was thinking about how it hit them. Yeah. I'd think about like, if they step like this then I'd go that. But what if I step here? I was like working out footwork and I would do it in my head 'cause I was an addict. Yeah, yeah. But I was addicted to something. It wasn very positive. Yeah. No it's, you need somewhere to attribute your, I don't know, dopamine too, I guess. Yeah. So if it's positive, it's like probably the best thing you could hope for as long as you don't go over the top, which is pretty difficult to do with health stuff. Right. So, Well you can break yourself down with over training.


You know, I would say that my, my good friend David Goggins is broken his body down with over training and he's, he has got no cartilage in his knees and he's running thousands of miles. He's a complete psychopath. He must be an agony like every step he takes and he does not give a fuck. He just keeps going. And it's really crazy to see his doctor looked at his knees and said, and this is from him directly. He said, I don't know how you could walk on these knees, forget about, run thousands of miles. Yeah. They had to cut his, his knee because it's bone on bone. His bone was distorting so much by growing to kind of like deal with the inflammation and Like, it's like some, I forget what it's called, something wolf syndrome.


Something. So they had to cut his leg, cut his fucking tibia bone and shift it down so that it's flat. Jesus. So they could run flat bone on bone. That's fucked dude. It's madness. You know, it's even more madness is the guys who get their tibia smashed open and femur and then get height increasing surgery. That's Crazy. I do you Did we fall on that one? Guy was like six two. Who did it? Dude, I'm doing a podcast with him in two days. What is it called? I got my knees done. Is that what he he took his page down though, didn't he? Yeah, I think he was off social media for a while and I, I was actually gonna do a podcast with him last year and then it didn't end up working out and he is available and into the idea still.


So that's Well is he fully healed now? He went from six foot to six foot six. Jesus Christ. Look at the size of him. And this is him wheeling himself around. And he was a massive guy too. Like look at the size of his fucking arms. Yeah. The guy is like a genetic freak for muscle For sure. And Let's become taller. They're cranking their legs. This is nuts. So basically they go in and shove these rods into your legs, either in the tibia or the femur or you can do both if you wanna max out. Oh my God. And you can basically micro adjust, stretch it to create a separation between the bone, which then fills in with new bone over time.


And This is him seven months after the lengthening process. I wanna see what your legs look like, dude. Why you got sweatpants on. See what those little toothpicks look like. Yeah. So this guy went from like, that's Nuts. I don't know what his original height was, but he's six feet now and he was like, I think five six or five seven when he started. Wow. That's crazy. So I have a lot of questions about, is your athleticism permanently fucked now? Right. Are you ever gonna be able to squat again? You know, like Right. What's life like now? What was the surgery process? Rehabilitation. Yeah. What are your mechanics like? Do you have to change? You have to learn how to fucking do Everything. Yeah. The distance between your shin, like your kneecap and your foot, if that changes dramatically, like your whole timing is different.


Yeah. You have more, a different leverage. The, like everything's different. What does it do to your hips? Yeah. You know, are you gonna wear your hips out earlier? Like your body's probably like has to compensate for these freakishly long shins now. Yeah. And this guy too, he's a unique phenomenon even among the people doing this crazy surgery because he got the full six inches, which is not necessarily typical having both bones broken to do it and then maxing it out at the weight he's at too. So he has to support the recovery on like a, I can imagine seemingly like 300 plus frame or something. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Like a lot of people who get it done are like five, six trying to become like five.


They Weigh one 50. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like more, Right. It's still probably fucking insane regardless. It's Insane. Yeah. But well it's just, you're only stretching one bone, right? Yeah. I have to Not, are they doing the tibia as well? It, It, you Pick, so the tibia and the fibula rather? Yes. Are they doing Both of them? Femur or tibia or both? Oh, you Do femur? Yeah. Oh yeah. I, I could be misspeaking, but I'm pretty sure it's one or the other. And or both. Yeah. Oh Jesus. He had both done and he like, like maxed it up. Oh Jesus. Yeah. So he's, what Is the recovery like Ex? Yeah, good question. So, So this is this guy after how long? Oh, It's a couple weeks after.


He is showing how he can jump, which Is not much a couple weeks after he gets his surgery done. No, no. Understand. No, no, no. Sorry. After he gets the bars pulled off. This is All, it's like week by week I think Jumping after height surgery. Oh look how skinny his legs are. So he's pretty skinny. So this is him in the beginning. He's trying to do it. I would be terrified to do that. See I would be, my curiosity is how athletic were they prior and then what is their maximal, like what's their max out point of recovery in contrast to their baseline because Yeah. Yeah. You could show me a box jump that looks like you're somewhat functional but oh fuck his Legs. That's so crazy. Yeah. So they like stick a rod in it. And how long is the process?


Micro? I think like a year probably, or I don't know, months. So For a year you're walking around with these like iron shin plates. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, it's pretty nuts. Dude. Look at him Getting all the bitches now. Yeah. Look at all sexy and tall. Now there was one guy, Jamie, that you pulled up before who had it done and they, they showed him doing some athlete athletic drills like cone drills and coordination drills and he looked fucking great. Oh, he looked like a real athlete. Even though he got it done, it didn't look Like It was, unless he's just unbelievably athletic before and maintained a lot of it. I would like to know like, did you have a decrease?


Like could you, yeah. Would you, I mean you obviously look insane right now, but would you used to be able be able to do, Yeah. And some of the stuff I'm curious about too is like how much of the content you see online is like sponsored versus actual like user content just reviewing their experience. Because you could see, like for example, hair transplants, tons of people get sent like fully paid to go get a transplant done as long as they speak positively about it and Right. Whatever. So imagine a guy who's getting like specialized attention, which you would want if you're getting your fucking legs broken and you're getting it covered or whatever and you just have, make sure you talk about it positively. Right? How much of that content is like legit versus, You know, somewhat manufactured.


That's a very good point. Yeah. That's also one of those things where if you're a social media influencer, you probably want to appear like you're doing all the right things. Yeah. You would never want to admit that you fucked yourself up for high increasing surgery. I can't walk. Right. I'm in pain all the time. Yeah. I can't run anymore. You'd become the case study for like why to not do it or, yeah. Yeah. I wonder, I mean, I wonder like what kind of an effect that would have on your mechanics. I really do. I would imagine for martial arts if like, You know where everything is, like, I, like if I'm throwing a kick, I know exactly where my shin is gonna land from the distance that I'm at.


Yeah. Like I've got like this mind, my mind is coordinated for this short body. I know exactly how much distance I have to cover. If all of a sudden you add six inches to that. Oh yeah. You're all, you're everything is weird timing, Dude. Even gaming, like your timing, even gaming a bit of muscle can throw off your depth perception of how strong, like for example, when I was in high school, I played basketball and I started working out in grade 11 and gained like 50 pounds in a year. And my three pointer that used to be just like, just fucking money every time I knew exactly how to shoot the ball. Like It was, You know, just second nature to, 'cause you'd been doing it for a decade or whatever and then all of a sudden you add this extra force production that you're not accounting for pre Oh.


All of a sudden everything's thrown off. Oh, and also you're sore all the time. Yeah. 'cause you're always lifting, which makes you tight. Yeah. It became a brick house after that. It's a giant problem with pool, You know? 'cause I can imagine, imagine addicted to playing pool when I lift weights and then play pool. It takes like an hour before I can loosen up and play good. Oh man. I get, I'm, everything's off. It's like my arm's not listening. Right. It's all stiff. Like for pool, you wanna, like, when I'm playing really well, I'm barely holding onto that cue. Mm. It's like I'm almost letting the cue do all the work. It's like a very gentle thing. Yeah. But then when I've been like, I do like a heavy kettlebell session and then I try to play pool, it's like everything's just tight and goofy and clunky and you don't, you don't feel it like pool is like a feel game.


Like you're feeling how many rotations you're putting on the ball to get it to move to the next position. Yeah. Like literally you are within one or two rotations correctly. Yeah. And that's the, the difference between getting into an area where you can make the next shot or not. Yeah. Like, so it's all feel like these guy like Fedor Gores who's like one of the best players in the world. He, he changed cues, he changed Q companies the same weight, the same like taper the same tip millimeter. And he said his shot was about 10% off. He goes six to 10% off. I was like, what? Yeah. Like how he's Like, it just, it's off.


It takes a while to recalibrate. Yeah. This is one of those examples where like, You know, in MMA too, like if you gain a bunch of muscle from drugs, even, like, it's not necessarily beneficial. Your mobility could be inhibited flexibility gas out quicker. Yes. Even in BBJJ it's like, and you can sauce to the tits, but Like It might not be helpful to the capacity, you can actually push it. Right. You know, you might gas out quicker, all of a sudden you can't do things that you used to do. And I think the key is moderation in lifting in regard to, unless you're on the sauce, You know, if you're doing anything like MMA or any skill-based thing because as soon as you're tight and sore, you're not gonna learn.


Well yeah. You're, you're, you're, you're not gonna have a snap to your punches. You'll be pushing punches. You know, there's a, there's a fluidity. Like some of the hardest techniques almost look effortless because there's a fluidity to the, like if you're landing a kick, for example, like a hard kick, like a spinning back kick, like with John Jones knocked out Steve Che with, there's a, there's a dance going on with your nervous system, with all your muscles moving in coordination. If you think of how complex that movement is, right. He's standing like this sideways and he's looking for the, and at the right moment he pivots on the ball of his foot, turns his heel towards the person, rotates his entire body this way and shoves his leg forward, pushing off his back leg with all of his weight.


And there's a timing. You don't want to hit him here and you don't wanna hit him at the end of it. You wanna hit him right in the sweet spot. So you gotta know your foot on extension is going to be properly distanced from his rib cage in order for you to get maximum force. And it's all happening in a fraction of a second. It's just, yeah. And when it lands it's like getting hit by a fucking car. And if you tie, but it's a dance. And if you here you see him do this, look at this fucking dance man. Watch this. Look at that term. Boom. I mean it's perfection. I had a feeling that if anyone could appreciate this, it would be, You know, it, you for sure.


Yeah. Given this is like your signature, right? Oh that's my specialty kick. Yeah, That's yeah. It's what not that It is, everyone is impressed by it. But like I knew you would see it as like Oh so hyped up for it because I, I always wondered why more people don't throw it. And that's also the same kick that Max Holloway landed on Justin Gaje at the end of the first round. He fucked him up at the end of the first round with a spinning back kick to the face. Which is a crazy kick to take in the mud. Sick fight too. Sick fight. But that it's, but You know, steep a is one of the toughest guys to ever walk the face of the earth for him to go down like that. Look at the force. Look at the force. Boom. I mean your hole, his rib went in. Like look how deep it goes in. Yeah. On impact. Look how fucking deep his heel isn't.


Look at that. That's insane. It's like the body equivalent of that Tony Ferguson picture. Right? Right. The one when he gets front kicked in the face. Yeah. Yeah. Un I mean that is incredible amount of penetration. Look at that. Ugh. I mean all of his organs just went into shock right there. And if he was on the other side it would be even more devastating. 'cause that's not even the side where the liver is. Yeah. That's just general organ trauma, You know, and he just can't take it. He just goes down and then that's a wrap. So what happens when Aspenal fights John Jones? I, God, I hope they fight. I want to know It's gotta happen. Right. Here's A question with Aspenal.


What happens with Aspenal in the second round? Like, oh, I guess he does. If you wanna talk about a guy who sprints. Yeah. You wanna talk about a guy who's fast Twitch Aspenal is one of the fastest heavyweights. He might be the fastest heavyweight in the history of the sport. I don't think anybody moves like that guy does at a, at a 250 plus pound frame. Mm. His movement's fucking extraordinary. Mm. And that's something you have to deal with. Like, that is a crazy ability. Like his ability to move, like the way he moves is so much different than everybody else in the sport. Like Google Let's, let's come up with a good aspenal fight. How about the, the Curtis blades fight was pretty quick, but how about the last one with the Pavlich fight where he won the interim title?


That's a good one minute It Wasn. That's a minute. I got Volkov was three minutes. Yeah. All of his fights like all together. He's fought like 10 minutes. Everybody gets blown out real quick. Yeah, but let's, let's watch one of them, like the, the, the only loss he has was he blew his knee out throwing a kick. Which is crazy. What he didn't even get hit. He threw a round kick in his ACL exploded. So let's see. Marchine. Tabora. That's a good one. He's so fucking fast. Dude. The Andrea Osky fight, you can see that that's pretty fast too. Put the Tabora one. It's the left, left hand side. Go above that. Above that to the left. That's right there.


Click on that. No, but it's gonna be a small, just click on it. I can't control this. That's fine, that's fine. I just wanted to show his movement. Look how fast he moves in. I mean that guy's so fucking fast. Yeah. He moves like 175 pounder. He doesn't move like a 250 pound guy. Look how quickly he closes the distance man. His hand speed and full range of skills. Incredible standup knocks guys out with one punch black belt and Juujitsu really good wrestler. His everything and he's young. So What's your prediction if it happens? It's you. It's hard to bet against John. It's hard to bet against John, but John's not a real heavyweight. Yeah. John could make light heavyweight 100%.


He weights two 30 right now. Maybe a little less than two 30. There's no doubt in my mind that if John just changed his diet and went back, he hasn't put that much mass on that. He would say 2 0 5 is outta reach. No, it's fluffy weight. Yeah. A lot of it too. Yeah. I mean Look, he had always had the reputation of fucking all the heavyweights up at Jackson. Winklejohn always. Everybody said like when Brendan went down and trained with him, Brendan was a heavyweight. Brendan Shaw, he's like, he fucked me up. He goes, dude, I was like top 10 in the world as a heavyweight. I thought it was the shit. He fucked me up. He goes, he beat my ass. And he goes, he beat everybody else's ass too. All the other heavyweights ragdoll dudes way bigger than him. He's just a freak.


His wingspan is like how much longer than his height though too. It's crazy. It's like, yeah, it's insane. Crazy Reach and also just skillful. Yeah. Because skills are so rock solid and every way, shape or form his standup, his submissions, he's crazy strong. He's got just an insane mind for fighting. And would he blow out Pereira you think? Where it's not even a worthwhile, The problem is the ground John's so much better on the ground, like world's better. Mm. You know? And it takes so long to get really good on the ground. And we've seen Pereira get in trouble with guys on the ground that are nowhere near John's level. Yeah. Nowhere near John dominates everybody.


He took down Daniel Cormier. Daniel Cormier's an Olympic wrestler. I mean he's a fucking phenomenal wrestler. And John took him down and took him down multiple times. He's a different dude man. Yeah. This is what we're talking about like with genetics, right? There's some guys, they're just blessed. And then with John, it's blessed in his mind. It's not just, it's his personality. His like ruthless competitiveness. 'cause like he's not going to fucking lose. He's going to find a way to get you and he's gonna do it clever. He's not trying to take a bunch of punishment and stand in. Bang. He's not gonna point the center of the octagon. Let's go right here. We're stand right here. Never gonna happen with John Jones. You're not getting none of that son.


You're getting knees to the gut. You're getting your knees kicked. You're getting fucking just lyd up with elbows where your fucking head's bleeding. He's gonna slowly dismantle you and find a way to submit you or punish you, beat you to death on the ground. But can he do that with a guy like Aspenal who's a legit 255 pound natural who moves like he's 80 pounds lighter. He's a freak man. Yeah. Aspenal is a freak. Like I've seen a lot of heavyweight, even Francis who's like the greatest scariest power striker I've ever seen in the heavyweight division. No one's scary than Francis. Francis does not move Like Tom Aspenal. Mm.


Tom Aspenal is significantly faster than every other heavyweight. That's a real problem. That's a real problem. But John has been used to di fighting guys like Alexander Gustafson guys who are really fast at light heavyweight. So the speed is not gonna be as much of an adjustment like John's used to really fast people. He fought Lyoto Machida when Machida was in his prime. Oh right, right. Ma Machida was a lightning bolt man. And he caught John a bunch of times. But then there's the thing of getting caught by Lyoto Machida is not like getting caught by 255 pound Tom Aspenal. It's pretty crazy being at the top of the sport for like two eras. Essentially. There's No one like him. Yeah.


Like when I was like a fucking teenager watching UFC, it was like Lyoto versus him. You have like Maurizio show gun H fights and Yeah, he's 14 years at the top. Yeah. 14 years. And debating whether or not he is the pound for pound best fighter or alive right now. Islam ICV currently holds that standing. And I think that is voted amongst experts. I think that's what it, You know, air quotes experts, some of these guys don't know Jack shit. There's guys who vote on this that literally have never rolled a day in their life. And that's a fact. But the meme's pretty funny though, where it's like every time Dana says John Jones is the best and they'll put it in front of like, it'll be like, I don't know, some obscene scenario.


It'll be like somebody getting a terminal illness diagnosis or something and then Dana White comes in. He's like, but John Jones is the best fucking fighter of all time. I, I wanna make sure that what I said was accurate. Like who does get to decide what the pound for pound list is? I believe it's MMA journalists and experts. Now there's MMA journalists that I know that are really nice guys and I don't wanna say any names, but I know they never worked out a fucking day in their life. And they love the sport and they cover it fairly and they're very knowledgeable and they're very good at reciting stats and understanding things. But how much do you really know ratings were generated by a voting panel made up of media members? See that's a problem. Media members were asked to vote on who they feel are the best top fighters in the UFC by weight class and pound for pound.


A fighter is only eligible to be voted on if they are active status in the UFC. Now this is not to disparage any of these media people. Like I said, I love them. I, I'm friends with a lot of them. They're great guys. They, there's no way you absolutely understand someone's ability, especially when you're talking about pound for pound. Unless you've done martial arts. I just don't think I can see, like when John threw that kick, I see that kick and I go, it wasn beautiful. It wasn beautiful. 'cause I know how a kicks, I know what's supposed to happen. You're just guessing. Yeah. You're guessing on what's supposed, you've never done that on somebody. If you've never done that, you don't know how beautiful that is. You don't really get it.


You kind of get it, but you get it. The way I get flying a plane, I never flew a plane. I, I kind of see they pull the lever. That guy did a great job flying that plane. Look how he landed. Perfect. I don't know what's really going on, You know, but when it comes to martial arts, I know what's really going on. You know, and when you look at a guy like John Jones, I don't think you can make a greatest of all time complete argument because I, the way I like to look at it, I say who had the highest expression of martial arts excellence during their prime? Like what? I don't mean the entire career. I don't mean now. I mean when they were hot, like when Anderson Silva was hot, how good was it wasn that better than anything that ever existed?


Because I think it might've been, and though that's what I look at when I look at like pound for pound best. So the argument is John Jones has had some really close fights. He's had like split decision fights that he won. He had the, a lot of people thought that, You know, some of his fights could like the Dominic Reyes fight. Yeah dude, it wasn close. Could have easily gone to Dominic Reyes. Yeah. Easily. And I would not have been mad at that. Yeah. And You know, I might go back and watch it again and decide Dominic Reyes won that fight. But there's those ten nine rounds that are like, I don't know, you could say ten nine John or ten nine Dominic. And either way you've lost the title or you've won the title back. You know, like it's, it's real weird.


Mach Chv is so fucking good. He's so fucking good that he head kicked Alexander Volinski in the rematch. He submits, everybody submitted Dustin Poirier, he's a fucking monster when he gets guys on the ground, he just crushes them. And you could argue that he's dealing with a deeper talent pool. So his weight class is, in my opinion, the most talent rich weight pool in the sport. 155 pounds, 155 pounds is filled with assassins. 205 pounds is not, 2 65 is definitely not. It's the giant difference. So we talking, It's been a while since those divisions were like really heated with depth.


Like back at which Ones 2 0 5 light heavy especially. Yeah. They used to be like the fucking division to watch. Imagine though if Pereira was coming up when John Jones was the champion, that would be exciting. Yeah. That would be exciting. Pereira's a different cat, man. He said, did you hear, hear what Mark Goddard said to me in the fight after he fought Khalil Rountree, mark Goddard came up to me, he goes, mate, the sound it makes when he hits them is ungodly. He goes, I've been doing this for 20 years. He goes, the sound he makes is just different. It's ungodly. He just kept saying that he, he wanted to make a point to say this to me. Yeah. He came up to me like immediately when I got into the octagon. He's like, the sound is ungodly, his power is so different.


Hmm. It's so, do You know like Francis hit that punch pad and he got like 127 or whatever. Pereira got one 90. Oh yeah. That Like one 90. Yeah. That's crazy. You know how crazy that is with a kick. The highest I got was like 1 57. Some guy got like one 90 with a kick. We're pretty impressive. I think some guy might have broken 200 with a kick. Some Muay Hai guy Pereira did one 90 With a punch. With a punch. Yeah. And it was after training. He just wallops this fucking thing and and They come outta nowhere. Like there's not really a Call. There's no call. Yeah. Yeah. There's no tell. And he doesn't have to hit you full power because he has so much power, like those leg kicks that he fucks everybody with.


Hmm. There's no turn of the hips at all. He's just slapping you with and all of a sudden you can't walk. Well and then he's like marching you down And it just takes one shot. His power is so crazy different than anybody else's. Yeah. Because everybody gets hit on the chin. But when you get hit on the chin by that guy, it's like you can't get hit. You get hit. It's like everything is just like, you're like, what the fuck You can see in their face. Yeah. I remember the first time I was here, we were talking about how this guy, Pereira is the only one who's ever beat outta a sand ad and he seems like this fucking assassin. We were like, oh, that's, You know, interesting timeline. Didn't know it would transpire until like this degree of success where not only does he beat 'em, but then he like switches divisions, fucking smokes that division too.


It's crazy. Yeah. Dominated two divisions. Yeah. And the only reason why he didn't stay at light heavyweight or at middleweight rather, he's literally killing himself to get to 180 5. Yeah. And I think that likely contributed to the KO too. Like add, Sonya landed a perfect right hand. That right hand is gonna fuck him up every day of the week no matter what you weigh. It's just perfect. And the timing, the way he did it, like leaning up against the cage and just looked for the opening and just caught him coming in. Bang. Dropped him, hit him with the left hook, put the arrows into him when he's down. That KO was perfect. But you gotta wonder like how much of his inability, like he went completely unconscious. How much of that is because of the drain, the dehydration? Because we know that the brain takes longer to rehydrate than the muscle tissue.


Yeah. So like they Think Oh, some impact. For sure. Yeah. Yeah. Fighters always say that it impacts their ability to take a punch. They talk about it like openly, like I, I took punches better when I went up to 55. Like a good examples. ARMRA ARMRA was like notorious for kinda like folding at 45. He goes up to 55 and he becomes unstoppable. Hmm. Yeah. No, it's, I, I'm surprised he ever sucked down to that to begin with. Like it's pretty fucking crazy. He's so big. Yeah. That he was getting, making 180 5 and then fighting at 2 26. That's even more aggressive than the cost of cuts I think. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It's, he's, I think he's got the most re he had the most aggressive weight cut now it's pretty marginal now.


I think he gets into the low two twenties, like 2 22 22 and then, You know, he cuts 15. Not that bad for a big guy with a lot of muscle. Dude Costa needs to go back to brawling, eh, he used to be so exciting and now it's just kinda like, has different strategies each time and then, I don't know, it just doesn't seem to be working out. It's Hard to know what happens to a guy when he gets really owned. Yeah. Because that's the thing like, oh You think he's like psychologically just like, I Don't think he is the same guy. Like that's the guy who walked down Yoel Romero. Yeah. And we were like, oh my God. Yoel Romero met a bigger freak than him because regardless of whether or not you think cost is juicy, that guy's got extraordinary genetics. You know? I mean that's why he's such a beautiful man.


Perfect features like incredible frame. His frame's incredible. Yeah. And whether or not he's juicy, the, the reality is the guy has insane genetics and he was a fucking warrior, especially in that Yoel Romero fight. Yoel iss terrifying to everybody and Costa just walked him down and beat his ass. And it wasn not a close fight, it was primarily a standup fight. Yeah. Which is where yo L's the most scary. And Costa was in no danger. He beat the shit outta yo l Romero. But then he fought a guy, it wasn just way more slick and add, Sonja just was piecing him up in a way where he couldn't respond. He just, he was making, he was, what he was doing was a very effective strategy on people that weren't as skillful as outta Sonja.


But that strategy outta Sonya was easily exploiting and he was like exploiting him with distance and with faints and distant management and chopping at the legs and just, he had him all fucked up by the end of the first round, he was realizing I can't touch this guy and he keeps hitting me. And when he would touch Izzy, Izzy would be rolling with the punches or he'd block the kick and just move away from it as he is getting hit and then just keep stabbing at him from a distance. And it was just, he was too good. That's Izzy in his prime when he was at the top of the food chain. And at that moment he felt he fought the best Israel outta Sonya that's ever been. And that's like we were talking about like how good does a guy compete in that one step, this gap of a couple of years or three years where he's just, it is prime and I think it wasn what it was, it wasn Izzy in his prime, which is one of the greatest fighters of all time against Paul Costa who just didn't have the answers to that.


And once you've been bested like that and a guy dry humps you when you're down, oh yeah. He beats your ass. TKOs you and then humps you. You just like, I thought I was the man. Yeah. So then he has all these doubts and then he goes into these, the next fights. He, he missed weight for one fight and fought at 2 0 5. Remember when he fought, who the fuck did he fight? God damnit, I can't. Marvin and Vitori. He fought Marvin and Vitori and they were supposed to be fighting at 180 5 and they fought at like 2 0 5 and he still looked like he was outta shape. Yeah. He looked like he's mentally all fucked up from that fight. Yeah, I can imagine the downward spiral that you would have to try and contend with as well after you like go from top rank to, I think he's lost like three in a row.


It's crazy. Yeah. I'd like to see him get back into form, but I don't know if he can anymore. You know, I don't know if you're psychologically the same guy. Did you watch CGI? What is that? The Craig Jones invitation. Oh yeah. I was thinking what does the CGI stand for? Yeah, I watched it. Yeah, I watched it. Yeah. What'd you think? Well I think it's great that these guys are getting a lot of money. I think that's awesome. Yeah. And it's kind of crazy. They decided to compete against Abu Dhabi on the same weekend. I thought it wasn kind of nuts. But I guess if you wanna be controversial and Craig is certainly controversial and you wanna get a lot of attention. It got a lot of attention. Yeah. And then of course the money, I mean he came into the studio with $3 million in cash.


Was It three? Yeah. Wasn't it one? It was 1 million. Yeah. Oh, it was 1 million. Okay. But even that, so they gave out, but they gave out $3 billion. Right. So three, three different divisions got a million dollars. So he brought in a million dollars in a duffel bag, which I've, I've never seen that before. Have you've ever seen a It's crazy to look at. No. Yeah, it's a he dump table to get, You know, it's fun. Craig's fun. He's a funny guy. He's fucking hilarious. He's the most hilarious guy in Juujitsu. Yeah. He's like really silly. He's very self-deprecating and he's super skillful. I mean his juujitsu is like second best in the world. Like he always talks about, let's wait, he named his team the B team. Yeah. He's not gonna beat Gordon. You know, Gordon is a freak and Gordon is like a real psychopath.


Like Gordon trains every day of the week. Gordon verse Nick Rod who wins Gordon. No question. Yeah. Gordon's better. Hmm. He's just better. Nicky Rodd might get to Gordon's level one day. I mean, but if they're not training together, I don't know if he will, You know, I don't know if he's training with Look, he's beat him every time they faced him. Yeah. And Nick did catch him in a foot lock, but Gordon's like, good break my foot, I'm still gonna win. Yeah. And he submitted him easily in Abu Dhabi. And when they had their second match, You know, Gordon was alleging he was greasy. Like he was difficult to get ahold of. And that's been something that people have said about Nikki before. But it might be oily food. I don't know. Yeah. I don't Know.


I Don't know what's going on. But I know guys did that. I know guys would take baths. This was in the early days, like the pride days. They would lay in a bathtub filled with baby oil. So they would lay in this bathtub with water and like fucking gallons of like P Diddy style, P diddy Style, fucking like just supplies of baby oil in that water. And they'd bathe in it. Then they would wash themselves off, dry themselves off and then to the touch. Their skin would not feel like oil at all until they started sweating. And then when they started sweating they would be like a fish just, you just couldn't grab 'em. Oh my God. Yeah. It wasn the thing that it was alleged that certain strikers from Brazil used to do before they fought and guys just could not get ahold of them.


They would just be so slippery. You, you couldn't take 'em down. If you take 'em down, you couldn't hold 'em down. It's like just slip right outta your hands like a bar of soap. And How would you avoid, do they screen for that somehow the UFC or like how's that work? The problem is what I'm saying, that you could oil your skin up and then wash it And it would still be in your pores. Hmm. And you wouldn't even be able to detect as long as you were dry. They would rub you with like a cloth or something like nope, there's nothing on his skin. Hmm. Like what do, unless they have like baby oil detection wipes that you then send to a laboratory to find out this person put baby oil on. So are you never allowed to put baby oil on or are you only allowed to put baby oil on until the week of the fight?


Like when, when are we you gonna say no baby oil ever for a person? What if they like baby oil? What if they like to, You know, what if they like cocoa butter? What? What do you So it's weird. Yeah, it's weird. And so the, the solution to that is everybody has to wear long sleeve rash guards and spats. That's the solution. And that's what they should do. So the best way to stop these greasers is you put them in leggings, leggings and tights. Simple. Yeah. I remember it wasn like a bit of a controversy at least in early UFC. It was like, oh Yeah, yeah I know guys greased. Yeah, I 100% I can tell you 100% guys greased. Even Like between rounds though too.


I know One guy who didn't just grease, he put Vick's Vapo rub all over his chest. Jesus. And then he would grab guys and pull their head into his chest. So you'd be getting sweat and Vick's vapo rub in your eyes. Oh my God. And he'd be kneeing you in the face. That's Fucking crazy Dude. Crazy. Yeah. Well when they weren't testing for things, dudes did a lot of dirty shit. Yeah. I heard another story. I can't substantiate, I will say no names, but a guy allegedly gave blood to make weight. So he not didn't give blood but had blood removed from his body and chilled in his room so that he can make weight and then went back up to his room and got that blood put back in his body after his body.


Probably, You know, resupplied itself with a significant amount of it depending on how much time it is between the fact that withdraw the blood. I don't know how long, how much time, but you could think about like how much weight blood is. Yeah. And if you can get like, You know, how much can you take while you're still conscious, I don't know. But you take these bags of blood and keep 'em chilled and then let your body refill and re proliferate with blood and then go back into the room and now your blood doping with your own blood. Yeah. Totally undetectable. And you made weight with blood cutting. Yeah. And that's like another microdose vector that people use still to this day. Blood autologous. Blood transfusions. Well that's when there's probably multiple factors where you're not allowed to get IVs.


That might be one of 'em, You know? Yeah. But it's like detecting that is always just through your data that they have to assess or they assess for like plastics in your, in your bloodstream, which you can get around just by storage technique. Right. Plastics in your bloodstream would you get around that if you injected it with a glass vial and a needle as opposed to like a Bag? I think some people are like freezing as opposed to just like storing it in liquid format and then whatever you're storing it in, it can all make a difference in terms of like Freezing it. Yeah. Like You can freeze your blood and then put it back in. Yeah. Whoa. Yeah. Like thought obviously. But how Weird is that? Super weird.


How long is your blood good for? That's a good question. But I would imagine longer if you're freezing it Jesus Christ, the things people do just to get a little bit of an advantage. Yeah. But it works man. Like that's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's like at least of the doping methods, like one of the least easy to detect. 'cause there's no like substance that is stimulating anything. It's just your own blood. It wasn supposed to be there. Right. So the only way they'd be able to detect is to detect whether or not you've had an iv. Yeah. Well it would be like they'd look at your biological passport data and see unusual elevation of hemoglobin hematocrit probably around an event.


And you would also see a disproportionate suppression of reticulocytes which are like immature red blood cells. Yeah. 'cause if your body has, similar to the testosterone, if you administer it, you stop producing. Right. Naturally. So if you put in exogenous blood, you're going to suppress the natural production of red blood cells 'cause you have an adequate supply. Right. So you would have a disproportionate ratio between like blood cells, oxygen carrying capacity markers and immature blood cells. And it's like why is this differential so significant all of a sudden? Right. And it might flag an atypical finding and get further scrutiny and Yeah. With blood transfusions. 'cause there's no way to really prove anything.


Oftentimes penalization occur based on Like It looks so fucked up that we have to penalize you 'cause we assumed you did it. Like how would they detect that? Like I think it's just such an aberrant finding that's different from everything you've ever showed in your data that you must have cheated. Oh Yeah. Right. So the biological passport. Yeah. 'cause it's like with other compounds like testosterone, you need to have like con confirmation via isotope ratio, mass spec or whatever. But with blood it's like what did you do? Like there's no compound to prove was or wasn't there. It's just like the blood. But it is illegal. Right. So you'd to have a nurse that can keep their mouth shut or Administrative or a significant other who is a nurse or a myriad of different things.


Right. Yeah. Right, right, right. And some of this stuff isn't like hard to really learn either. Like it's actually a pretty good profession is learning how to take, like some people do phlebotomy as like a low barrier to entry, high paying job. Mm. So like being somebody who takes blood is like, there's not much of a requirement from like credentials to be able to do it And it pays well per hour. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. And if you had a family member who's a phlebotomist and they could hook that up. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What are the other different ways that they can get like how rock solid is like the, let's forget about drug sport, what they, what they have now, but the USADA protocol that they were using before.


How, what are the best ways to get around that? Well, because they weren't actually testing almost at all for EPO and gh. It was how much, like what percentage were they testing for it? You'd probably have to ask Hunter to confirm, but my understanding was like best case scenario you were getting EPO tested if somebody like reported you as like, You know, there's a bunch of people trying to out you as a cheater or, and Again is this a finance thing? Is this a, I think it was a lot finance and time intensive and 'cause it, some of this testing is not as rudimentary and crude as like, You know, just detection of synthetic steroids in your urine.


You have to actually like manually do work to like combust down and Oh, assess the ratio and there's like nuance in interpreting this stuff too. Mm. Because it, a lot of times you'll have an expert who has a different opinion than another expert in terms of it if it looks weird. Right. So you have to like bring in multiple opinions too maybe of experts who then kind of come to a consolidated answer on did you cheat or not. Oh wow. And it gets pretty complicated. So doing this at scale on a sport that has no off season with people globally competing. Right. Like pretty fucking costly For sure. To do properly. Well the MMA conspiracy theorists, they always point to like people doing their camps in like far away lands.


Yeah. Like what a good way to cheat. Yeah. Yeah. You know, 'cause if you want to do a camp in Dagestan, like how many times you decide to go into Dagestan. Yeah. And what happens to those guys when they get over there and they get smacked up by those bearded dudes. Yeah. Imagine telling those guys wake up at six o'clock in the morning. Yeah. They'll feed you their goats. Yeah. Like whatcha talking about fuck You come back tomorrow. Yeah, Fuck you. Yeah, No it's Also, they probably know when you're there. Yeah. They probably got that town, town wired. There's absolutely logistical problems that lead to lower barriers for certain people. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like do your camp in Thailand son. Yeah, For Sure.


You gotta wonder, like I would like to see like what are, what's the data on people that do their camp in Thailand? How often are they tested versus a guy who's got a camp in Iowa And even like the rigor of the person who's hired to do the testing. 'cause it's like how, You know, scrutinous is whoever you're outsourcing your hiring in that area too. Like, You know, they could be like a local who is, You know, like pledged allegiance to that fucking right. You know, whatever. Right. So, I don't know man, it's, it's tough for sure Because it, there's no way to like truly bulletproof it I think. But at least the UFC developments as of recent, they've confirmed they're doing like isotope ratio, mass spec and actually doing some of the higher level testing for bioidenticals that could catch the microdosing and the things that are very difficult to detect stuff is still gonna squeeze through for sure.


But it's gonna be better than it was where they were either not doing it or then letting letting people do it maybe and then asking them to be fucking snitches for them. It used to be back in the day that there was always rumors of like big camps that would hire scientists and that, You know, they would figure out ways around, Dude that is a, a growing profession. Is it? Oh Yeah. Yeah. There's like so many pharmacology nerds who are like, like I've even been asked to help people in the Olympics before. Really? Yeah. Wow. 'cause you're a pharmacological nerd. Yeah, Exactly. And so these, these people ask you to cheat for them To help them cheat.


Yeah. Which is also a criminal offense my understanding due to there's actually a law now. It's like the Rodchenko act or something. Oh wow. So if you like help somebody, you're also doing a crime. Ooh. Wow. Yeah. Oh. So You know, obviously not worth doing for me So I never did it but Well especially something like the Olympics. Like there's don, there's no money in it. You're not making any money. That's Crazy. Which is crazy. Yeah. Crazy. It's like pure pride in for winning a medal. It's pure exploitation. That's what it's because it's not like there's no money. Like why are you making all the money? Well these people are knowable. They don't wanna get paid. Yeah. Like no you're just not paying them. They don't even know how much money there was because in 1936 there was no money.


Right. Yeah. There was no sponsors, there's no nothing. Yeah, I remember there Was no tv. Yeah, That's true. Okay. The bill makes it unlawful to knowingly influence or attempt to conspire to influence a major international sports competition by use of prohibited substance or prohibited method. A violator is subject to criminal penalties, a fine prison term of up to 10 years or both. And a mandatory restitution. Huh. Yeah. Interesting. So yeah, there's definitely, and and when you hear about stuff like this too, it's like there's always the thought in the back of your mind as a competitor, what are people doing that I'm not? And curiosity strikes. What do you think is the answer? What's like, like the non-ideological when you look at it objectively.


So You know what, what we should be doing is doing everything that works or what we should be doing is have the most insane testing that everybody has to be a hundred percent natural. No if ands or buts and there's no cheating. That's really hard because I too have the same questions you had of the enhanced games where it's like oh we're gonna have, You know, medical assessments that ensure safety and blah blah blah. But it's like if you're going full board, it's impossible to be healthy And safe. Yeah. Yeah. So like as much as you could argue, it's probably better to not be using Frankenstein designer drugs or doing weird methods to get around cheating. The alternative is not necessarily like far superior in terms of health.


'cause if I'm allowed to use a gram of tests, You know, like I'm not gonna stop at 200 migs, You know? Right. Like I'm gonna go full, full fucking sauce to the tit. So yeah. If you can get a physiological benefit of being on trend and just fucking Oh yeah. Completely ro it outta your Mind. Yeah. Become like a fucking dopaminergic psycho and just like, You know, you will absolutely take that risk regardless of what it does to you. Yeah. Especially if you're trying to win. Right. If people are willing to cheat when it's really dangerous, you could lose the medal. You can get outed and publicly shamed like Ben Johnson or you don't have to worry about that 'cause they're allowing you to, but they would like you to take like a sustainable dough and you're like, fuck you with your sustainable, I'm trying to be number one bitch.


Yeah. Gimme it all. I, I love the idea of the enhanced games by the way, but it's like s a, at least my concern would be what happens when you put up no guardrails and then alternatively if there are guardrails now it's set up for corruption at the medical provider level who's assessing what you're healthy enough to do. Mm. And like, You know, are you going in to get your blood drawn at the trough point after injections where things look like they're half outta your system versus before. Like it's almost like a new level of doping that would be introduced. Right. Right, right. So, and I'm sure they're very well-spoken, eloquent guys who are on top of that stuff and I'm sure have answers to that or You know, have some idea of what they're gonna do.


But like those would be my questions as to and and I'm not saying it needs to be safe. Right. You know, it, it might just come down to accepting that this is the fucking chemical warfare games. Right. Yeah. Which there's nothing wrong with that. If you're gonna expose yourself to that risk. People do that bodybuilding all the time. That's like literally what bodybuilding is. Yeah. Yeah. That's what's crazy. Right? Bodybuilding's huge sport is not possible without illegal drugs. And there's no rodchenko act for bodybuilding either. So there's like literal, the the guru stuff is crazy in bodybuilding. Well how do they get away with it since it's completely illegal? Well I mean like obviously you're gonna jail if I'm personal, if I'm a, if I'm a guy who's arresting people who are on steroids, I go to Mr.


Olympia, I'm like, you're all in jail. Yeah. Right. You'd Think if you wanted to just like hit your quota for the year, you just show up to the Olympia Expo. Yeah. And just be like all of You, everybody goes to jail, Get in no fucking Car, get in the paddy wagon. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't know man, that's How'd you get it When it comes to possession in the states and like how scrutinous they are on Anabolics? I think it's mostly if you're importing mass amounts, they will flag you because you're likely a distributor at that point. Okay. So if it's like personal amounts, typically you would buy it domestically to not like red flag yourself. 'cause I think in, in the mail you can't even have your mail get checked if it's domestic. So if you are buying from You know, the other side of the country, no one would know that you were sent anything.


It's only if you're buying like growth hormone from China or something. Oh. And you have and then you get flagged And you have enough kits that happen to get flagged in customs. Then they keep a note on your record of this guy might be doing something So he might be a steroid dealer. Yeah. And yeah And then they'll have sting operations and try and figure out who's actually distributing. 'cause they have resource allocation bandwidth problems too. So they have to go after the big fish. Right. So do guys go to Mexico and bring 'em across the border? Not anymore. No. They used to. No. Oh yeah. Back in the day. Yeah. People would like smuggle it up their ass to get it here. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Imagine taking trend. It wasn in a guy's asshole. Yeah. Dan, Dan Bilzerian used to, he talked about how when he was in Buds he would like go with his buddies to get gear from Mexico and then they'd smuggle it up their asses back into the US Jesus Christ.


Yeah. Where the bottle broke Fucking Yikes Butthole glass cuts buddy. I watched that in a video. It's called One Guy one Cup. Oh yeah. You ever seen that one? No. It wasn back in a lively Case. I saw the OG variance of that and never what I one, two girls one cup. I can't watch another one Of those. One guy, one cup is way more horrifying Really? This guy, guy sticks a mason jar up his asshole And it breaks, I think it's a mason jar, some kind of a jar up his asshole And it breaks And it just chunks of broken glass and blood fall onto the ground as he squat. It's horrible. But I watched it multiple times. God Damn There's a lot of crazy people in this world. Yeah. Do you think that I I I'm of the opinion, lemme just say what I think.


I think that most substances should be legal and I think people should be able to figure out what's good and what's bad. There's a lot of things that are legal. Adderall's legal. Yeah. I don't take Adderall. You know, I, I'm 90, I'm 9% sure I have a DH adhd. I don't even know what it is. I don't even know if it's real. Yeah I think it's probably a superpower. But if I went to a, a doctor and I was complaining about I can't focus on any one thing, I'm kind, I'm all over the place. They'd probably gimme something and I would have a legal stimulants. I don't think it's probably think it's not good for you So I don't take it but I could. Right. Why is that legal and cocaine's not like why is this legal and that's not, why is whiskey legal and marijuana's not, well this doesn't make any sense to me.


Why is Xanax legal psilocybins not Like what are we doing? Who gets to decide? Well you could argue that well that's the reason why clinical trials exist, which assess, You know, safety profiles of these drugs and they wouldn't make it through otherwise. But like obviously we've seen that that's not, once you get financial interest involved it's kind of hard to overlook that a lot of shit makes it through that probably shouldn't have. Yeah. And stuff that maybe should've made it through it didn't make it through. So You know, like I am of the opinion that you should be able to take what you want and be educated about it. Hopefully first It's tough though 'cause it's like if you have a guy who's like, I dunno, manic and he has access to like meth and like pharma grade meth at that or something.


Yeah. Which it actually exists too. Oh yeah. And you end up with like a Hitler or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The, the trend thing is that the worst one psychologically From anabolic steroids? I would say probably that and then maybe secondary. You know, some people could argue Halo Testin is a drug that supposedly Mike Tyson was using when he bit Vander Holyfield's ear off. Really? Yeah. And it makes you like fucking short term acutely extremely angry. What, how did you hear that he was using that? I don't remember exactly. I think it was like he didn't test positive for it. I think it was just like highly rumor. Like a very prevalent rumor. But I for They probably didn't test for it though either, right?


No it was back then And it was really easy to get around like oral steroid detections back then as well if they were even testing for it. But yeah I Don't even know if they were testing back then. Yeah The trend is the worst offender for your psychological state. Not just because the drug is bad but it also like ruins your sleep so you get like trend cough I mentioned but trend sweats is another one where it almost induces like a menopause like hot flash sweating in your sleep and you wake up just fucking drenched Jesus Christ. And it like really fucks up your sleep And it makes you hyper paranoid as well. Which is no good. 'cause even though you're this jacked, sometimes confident guy, other times you're like you're unreasonably insecure and you like a very common outcome is for guys to think their girlfriends are cheating on them just outta nowhere by being on trend.


Really? Yeah. And they end up becoming, You know, oddly behaving. Sexual deviancy is also a very common I've heard of that. Yeah. Yeah. On trend and it's thought to be the progestogen activity 'cause it's derived from Roone which is a progesterone receptor agonist as well and progesterone is thought to be very implicated and gay sexual tendencies as you grow up, if you had a heightened exposure to progesterone and utero. Oh and highly dopaminergic drug as well. Which in excess can cause like really weird sexual deviancy as well. And yeah, it's like really fucking potent and good at what it does.


It builds lean mass And it's like a really dry compound. It doesn't make you watery also has a unique anti catabolic effect. So you don't, in a deficit you keep muscle and sometimes even grow while you're cutting and it's, yeah. So it's not like steroids don't all do that to some degree more or less. But this drug is like uniquely potent in its anti catabolic action to where you could be like extremely nutrient deprived and still hold onto a lot of your muscle. Wow. And because it's so good at making you extremely strong too without an excess of body weight. It's like highly sought after in many sports Because you don't have to worry about jumping up in weight class while you're getting the strength increase that is like wow.


Humongous. Wow. Yeah. So it was one of the drugs it wasn used in the Duchess cocktail, which is what Rodchenko would have at his athletes swish around in their mouth. Oh really? Yeah. And it was absorbed oli. Whoa. So it would Like, It was almost like the equivalent of vying the drug right into your bloodstream. You would swish it around your mouth in this alcohol And it would absorb buly into the bloodstream immediately so you wouldn't have to actually have it go into your stomach and then get processed through a first pass metabolism so you could get in and outta your system way faster. Wow. Yeah. Wow. So why is that one good for fighters? I would think that like getting the psycho act super emotional though.


Yeah. You could argue that the emotional instability is not good. Yeah. But Paranoia, Terrible. Very aggressive. The psychoactive effects in the gym can be very helpful for training and stress resilience and some people, it's not everyone who becomes paranoid on it. It's highly individual dependent. Some people you will often hear people say, oh people over blow the side effects of trends. It's not that bad. And then other people who will say it ruined their life. So it's highly individual dependent like any drug. But it's very good at making you extremely fucking strong without blowing you up with water retention and staving off loss of tissue while weight cutting as Well.


There's an another factor that comes with steroid users and that's the addiction to the feeling of being on steroids. Yeah. Because once they get off steroids and they don't feel like Superman anymore, they get real weirded out. Yeah. And they wanna get back on again. I've seen that. Oh yeah dude. It's the thing that will often kill people is the desire to maintain these huge sizes in perpetuity too. 'cause it's like a ultimately steroid use often stems from like body image insecurity. So if you achieve, You know, the outcome you sought with this thing to think that you're gonna be, You know, a confident person after you've lost the 30, 40 pounds of lean that you gained.


Right. Like you were already probably somewhat mentally not perfect to begin with Except Dorian Yates. Oh yeah. But he, That guy's, he's a unique cat. Yeah he is. He lost all the weight. He looks like a normal athlete now. Yeah, he's healthy. Yeah. He, he had me on his podcast this year and he said anytime he is done seminars and people ask if he misses being a mass monster, he says they're more upset about it than I am. He has a unique perspective on it. Which is really cool to see because He is very intelligent. Yeah, yeah. Very calm and You know, just the way he approaches things. But God damn dude, when that guy was getting after it, he was, he was one of the original freaks where one of the first guys where you just like what?


Like that's what they're pushing it to now. Yeah. He left humanity behind. He was so big dude. He was so big. He was ridiculous. If you think about what he looked like versus what Arnold looked like just a couple of decades earlier. Oh night and day. Yeah. You could argue he was like the catalyst almost to a heightened standard of amount of muscle. You need to be competitive. I mean he was so big he blew his bicep out and competed in one with a torn bicep. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. With Like a hole in his arm. Yeah. That's fucked up when you get that big and you have to like worry about exploding your fucking muscle every workout 'cause you're so strong And that's what you need the lift to get the stimulus. Like that's crazy stuff.


Well Ronnie Coleman's the crazy example of the price you pay for that. Like that guy's all fucked up now. Yeah. Yeah. It makes you wonder if he would've been the bodybuilder he was if he just trained higher volume and like Right. He was higher reps less weight. Yeah. Because Literature now suggests that you don't need to necessarily train like that. Look At the difference between the two of them. Yeah. It's crazy. Arnold on the left and Dorian on the right. Dorian's twice his size. Yeah he's fucking back. Dude, that's crazy. That back isn't, not that Arnold isn't insane. He was fuck Pretty insane. I actually think Arnold looks better. Yeah. He is more aesthetic for sure. Oh Look at his back. Look at Dorian Y's back.


Look at Roddy Coleman's back. Yeah. Jesus guys were huge. Ronnie Coleman was crazy but Dorian was like weirdly thick. Like look how thick his fucking muscles are man. It's just not, first of all, judging guys that are that big, good luck. I don't get it. They all look awesome. They all look crazy Dude. It's even harder judging a bikini show. So there's different classes at the Olympia including women's bikini and there's like a few poses they'll pull, pull up a comparison of the women's Olympia for bikini. What is a bikini versus regular Olympia? Well it's just like the best bikini competitors against each other for the Olympia crown of bikini category.


What's the bikini category versus the regular Miss Miss Olympia category? Miss Olympia is like bodybuilding. Oh this isn't bodybuilding. Well It's like a form of bodybuilding. Oh. But it's not the actual Category itself. Right. This is women who still look feminine. So like Right. Put it this way with men, there's different categories. There's open men's bodybuilding, classic physique and men's physique. And each of them has like an incremental noticeable difference in the amount of muscle you need to be competitive. And in women, similar differences exist in categories where they have women's bikini wellness something else. And then bodybuilding is the one word you can, you pretty much need to be on like male level steroids to be competitive.


And this is a reality of female bodybuilding that a lot of female bodybuilders look, I know female juujitsu competitors that take steroids, which is, it's crazy. There's not even any money in that. You're, yeah, you're juicing yourself up. But if you want to get that lean and maintain that much muscle as a woman, like what do they take? Well For bikini you might be able to do it naturally all but most of them are probably still taking a little bit something. But it's not like masculinizing. There's a lot of things they can take that are natural or over the counter or like super microdosed amounts of anabolics that don't cause masculinization. But above that the thresholds for categories above that are like if you go to women's bodybuilding, Like It looks like you remember it where it's, You know dudes with wigs on basically.


Almost. Yeah. I mean if they're trans men basically. Basically. Yeah. Yeah like, like based on their hormone profile they are more male than you and I probably, whoa God, look at that lady. That's crazy. Is she Miss Olympia? Yeah, I think so. She number one, That's women's physique too. That's not women's bodybuilding. What? Yeah, so this is like a different category that's less muscle than bodybuilding. So what's women's bodybuilding? That lady Probably Who's Miss Olympia? Do they still have women's bodybuilding? I think they do.


Hmm. Yeah that might be it. Look at That lady down the lower left hand. Those ladies are huge. Oh my goodness. That's gotta be it. Those are dudes. That's a dude's body like size wise. Yeah. Not saying you're a dude ladies. Yeah. Don't hurt me. Hey By the way to, You know, more power to anybody who wants to do whatever they want. Do whatever want. It's just like the reality of the exposure to these hormones is they are masculinizing and you can blame Biden for that. Wow. Yeah. 'cause he stopped the development of them and by now we probably have non masculinizing drugs that work as well as the ones that make you a dude. Oh my God. Yeah. Have you ever thought about bailing outta Canada? Dude, I would love to. I've considered it But there is weird stuff around like unrealized capital gains and exit taxes and shit that basically traps you there.


Really? Yeah. So like I could physically be present in the States and live here maybe for six months of a year. But to like get outta the system fully, you gotta like pay the piper on every company you've ever built even if you don't have the money from it 'cause you never sold it. Wow. There's gains that were made in Canada of the value of it that you have to pay on. It's like how do you pay for it? I don't have any fucking cash. 'cause they didn't sell the company So they make it very difficult to leave the country. Yeah. Yeah. And maybe that changes with Pierre. I don't know. But like one of the main problems with the economy is there's no incentive for business owners that are doing well to stay. Like everything is structured around how do I get around this fucking system?


Not how do I stay here? So like I know personally every friend I have as successful has either already left or has tried to find a way to leave Jesus. Actually I know one person who hasn't but he's like really entrenched in the system and Like it would be impossible to unwind at this point. So I don't know how much of it is he actually wants to be there or like it's a beautiful place to live in British Columbia for example. Yeah. But like yeah it's fucking cost of living is obscene And the tax, I saw That there some kids were doing a TikTok with food at a Canadian supermarket, like a bunch of chicken wings and how much it was. Oh The dollar two is horrible.


It's like a dollar. Every dollar in US currency equates to one 40 Canadian. Whoa. Yeah. So your dollar goes super far in Canada and then one 40 Jesus. And then to buy like, I don't know, a shitty, a shitty shack fucking house. That's not even a house in Vancouver. It's like millions of dollars. Yeah. Nuts. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think the cost of living is only exceeded maybe in real estate by like New York maybe. Wow. Yeah. It's like one of the worst offenders on the planet for cost of a home.


So basically back in the day our parents, one of the main ways to become financially stable was get in early on a property and build equity in it and eventually you'd have a, You know, something that accrued in so much value from since you got it that like that's your main nest egg or whatever. Yeah. Nowadays it's, it is not even possible to afford the lowest threshold of a mortgage on like a place that's not even nice. So you have like families staying in like 500 square foot apartments with big families 'cause they can't afford anything else. It says impossibly unaffordable housing report ranks Vancouver third most expensive in the world.


Yeah. Hong Kong and Sydney are the only time. Whoa Sydney. That's interesting. Huh? I would've never suspected Sydney, Australia to be that expensive. That's nuts. Yeah. Well listen brother, anything else you wanna talk about before we bail outta here? I think it was a good one. Yeah It wasn. Yeah. Lot of fun. Yeah. Thanks for having me man. I appreciate you. What's that Jamie? Miss? Well Miss Olympia Wellness, we missed out on, what's that? A focus on the lower body. What? Oh butts. Yeah. Top half doesn't matter. Oh yeah. So I was gonna say Top half doesn't matter for real. Yeah. Shut the fuck up. Why are they standing freight face forward then about the glutes and hips. Let's see them glutes. It definitely matters. Matters but not as much as Yeah, it's not focused I should say. Yeah. So anyway, watching the posing you, you were saying it's hard to judge men's bodybuilding with women.


It's at least with the bikini category especially their hair is really long and they have extensions too to make it look even longer. So when they turn around, basically the only thing you can judge is like ask down essentially. 'cause their whole back is covered by hair. Oh That's weird. Yeah. So it's like a pageant for your butt. I'm all in. No, I could by the way, like any bikini competitor's probably fucking furious with of that statement. There's absolutely, Well they're on trend, they're gonna get angry. Probably not. But like they're judged on other things but that's a the main factor. Got it. Okay. Alright man. Well been a lot of fun. MorePlates MorePlates More Dates on YouTube.


What is your website? Yeah, MorePlates More Dates dot com. Anything Else? No, that's it. Thanks My brother. Good to see you. Alright, bye everybody.