
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright, Here we go. We're rolling. So you Were, you're saying that someone was telling you how to kill someone with coffee. Okay, So I got to know all these You were talking about some His name's John McPhee. Yeah. Some operators. And I got to know through a friend, through a billionaire friend who loaned his plane to the, to Clinton to fly those people out of I think North Korea. And so from that point on, he was surrounded by these guys. And one of 'em, this guy Mikey, which isn't his real name, I think he's actually named, they name 'em all after the archangels.


So he was like, Michael, oh, Jesus, the guy Gabriel. And like, they take on these, It's nothing creeper than an assassin with biblical Name. They never Arch Angel. Yeah. And well, You know, and so he, You know, we got to know each other because of our mutual friend. And I think what happened was he and a couple of the other guys, You know, they were placed on me as like, for surveillance purposes. Like, You know, find out what the savory guy's about maybe, or just keep an eye on him or whatever. And they told me right up front, like, be nice to your surveillance. You know, like, don't try to lose us or anything like that. Right.


'cause and You know, I heard stories about how, You know, they're surveilling somebody and wherever Bolivia, and suddenly some gang attacks their surveillance and they step in, kick the shit outta the gang. And so, So I got to know these guys and naturally, You know, I'm a writer and filmmaker, and So I of course wanna talk to them about stuff. And they immediately started volunteering. Oh yeah. We've learned all these different ways. When I became an operator, blah, blah, blah, I learned how to kill people without, and I was just making a list now of the 10 ways to kill someone without leaving a trace. And I was like, well, just like when I told Quentin about this, he's like, well, what are those? I'd like to hear those.


Everybody wants to hear those. And so one of the ones that I think is the best one is you inject someone with coffee, caffeine, like just inject coffee into their bloodstream, gives them a heart attack, and it's untraceable Later on they do an autopsy and they just discover caffeine in your system. That's it. That's it. It's just, just Right into the blood. Coffee can Kill you sometimes. The simple way can best Like It, Like it just right into the juggler in a, with a syringe. Yes. Jesus. After extracting whatever information you need to get out of him. But he was, How much coffee will kill you? Like that a syringe Worth? I don't know. You know, is it the Turkish kind or is it Folgers? You know Cuban espresso. Yeah. But he was a, he was a medic, You know, during, during the war, well, the war.


And he was a medic. And so he, You know, was kind of identified as somebody who knew how to kill somebody very easily. 'cause You know what will work. Yeah. 'cause you're a medic. And so, You know, I would hear every now and then, I would say I'd kill some guy and some diplomat or something in the Philippines, and I'd hit him with my car and I'd look in my rear view mirror and make a determination, a medical determination of, You know, is the guy still alive or is he, ah, I better fit him off and put him in reverse and drive him over again a couple of times and then take off. And he's doing that all the time. All the time. They're Doing it. Well, Jamie and I were just talking and they think they have a photo of the guy who whacked that insurance.


CEO. Oh, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They think they have a photo of his face now. Oh, They do, huh. Well, I would think not a camera From a time or they, or they picked it up later. I think, You know, ev there's cameras everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. And that's part of the problem with someone, and I don't think this guy was a professional. I think this guy, if I had to guess, some guy got fucked over. Apparently that company is really bad on denying claims. 30, 34% denial rate, something Like that. The normal is like 16. Yeah. Yeah. So those guys, I Don't think anybody's gonna like be crying too hard over that guy. Yeah. Maybe his family. But that's about it. Yeah. It it's a dirty, dirty business. The business of insurance is fucking gross.


It's gross. And especially healthcare insurance. Just fucking gross. Well, actually all insurance, I live in California and all of a sudden, because I live adjacent to any kind of open space, like nobody will in insure my house because of fire. Right. And so suddenly it's like I have a, a house that's uninsurable And it, it's not just me, it's everybody. And so it's chaos. Chaos. Yeah. Yeah. Chaos. I have a friend, it wasn trying to sell a house in California, and they, it turned out it was $125,000 a year just to get fire insurance. Yeah, yeah. Like what? Yeah, it's insane. It's Fucking nuts. It's insane. Yeah. But, You know, I was evacuated three times when I lived there. I used to live in Bell Canyon, You know. Yeah, yeah. You know, You know, it was fucking, it was rough.


I Mean, I look, I've been like, I've been really lucky. I live in, I'm almost afraid to say it all right. 'cause I've been living in the, the, the Hollywood Hills that I've never, any of the fire stuff happens never happened around me. Yeah. It is just luck. Yeah. I mean, The benefit of your place is you're at least in a helicopter accessible. Well, that is good. They're just gonna dump all that fire retardant right on top of you. I literally am kind of at the top of the hill on a bunch of rock. Yeah. All right. So if the whole fucking place is, it turns into a inferno, I'm still fucked. And that think That place probably been there a while. It's probably withstood all sorts of calamity. Yeah. When I was filming Fear Factor, I talked to this guy who was a fire guy for the fire department. He said, it's just gonna be a matter of time. There's gonna be one day where a fire hits LA and the wind is the right way, and we're not gonna be able to stop it.


It's just gonna burn right through to the ocean. He goes, it's just a matter of time. We all know it. I was like, what the fuck, dude? I go the whole city. He goes the whole city. He goes, when those big fires get going. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's not a damn thing. Like, what, what happened in Malibu a few years back? Like, those are in, I I always thought Malibu those rich people that, Well, it wasn the closest Maui. It wasn the, it wasn like around 93 that actually happened while we were shooting Pulp Fiction. Really? Yeah. Well, there was a, there was a big bu Malibu fire, the big Malibu fire happened while we were shooting Pulp Fiction. So we actually set up a TV on the set because Bruce Willis was gonna work, maybe lose his house. And so he was like, actually, so we have this little TV area so we could like, so in between takes we can watch what's going on with the fire.


And they're like, And it, and there was all these reports that no, Bruce Willis and his family are on top of the house with the, with their water, with their water hose. I go, no, he's not, he's right here. Well, the thing is, fires were normal Like it used to be when I was young. You know, I grew up in California, and so when I was young, fires would burn through Malibu constantly. But now they put all those houses in there where there never were houses. Mm. You know, because the fire is a natural process, it kind of clears the land and cleans the land. And it's, it's normal actually. But You know, when you put all that kindling in there, suddenly we end up with these like superstorms of fire, just where everything's just, You know, going crazy.


Yeah. It's, I think it's overdevelopment, which is the cause of these insane kind Of,


this episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health. You should worry about as we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and loss funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals. With LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply


Fires that we're getting. Yeah. But it's a cool place to live. Yeah. You're not gonna stop people from developing in Malibu, You know, it's just too nice. No, you're Not gonna stop. You just take your chances, roll your dice. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Well, but you roll your dice, you take your chances and you roll your dice no matter where you live. Yeah. It's just, it's just fucked up when it happens. Like, oh my God. Yeah. I drove home once we were filming Fear Factor, we had to stop the set early because the fire was so bad. This was like 2003 or something like four. And driving home, it took me 55 minutes on the five to get home. And the entire time the right side of the highway was on fire for 55 minutes. Everything like Lord of the Ring style. So, so three Different times you got evacuated from the house? Yeah. Yeah. Three different Times. And so what is like, okay, so you decide what, what you're gonna take with you kind of Thing?


Yeah. Last time, the last time was the last time it was like, You know, the last big fire in LA and I came home from the comedy store at like one o'clock in the morning. And my wife and I are looking out the window and the fire's like maybe five or 600 yards away And it's coming over the hill. And we were looking at each other. I said, let's just get the fuck outta here before it gets back. Yeah. Right on. Let's just get outta here now. Just so we grabbed the kids, got a laptop, took some clothes. I didn't even have underwear. I just, I said we could just buy stuff. Who cares a fuck. Yeah. You know, who cares If you have your life? Yeah. I, I'm always the, I don't wanna say the stupid guy, but I'm the guy who for some reason always decides I'm gonna stay. I'm gonna, and Oh, You're that old guy. I live near a fire department.


There's a fire hydrant across from my driveway. You're the Guy in the roof where the flood is happening. You my Property. Yeah. That's me. Like, my family went away and I was like, well, they're gonna close it out so we can't get back in. I'm just gonna hang out here until I know that it's, and You know, at a certain point there was fire, like cresting the, the ridge, and I'm kind of watching it and I ran down to the fire department to see, You know, like, Hey guys, it's, it's coming. It's, I can see it from my house. And they're all there like hanging out, eating sandwiches and like, not even worried about it all. They're like, they kinda looked over at it and said, nah, it's, it's okay. It'll be fine. It'll just burn a Little. Yeah. They get a little too blase blase about fire. They're Pretty blase. They're pretty, my, by the way, my spec ops friend, he's like, fuck those firemen, man, fuck them.


They get so much like credit for like nothing. They barely do anything. They're on these incredible pension plans. Like, rah, he like hates firemen. That's ridiculous. Well, that's a, It is a great job, but you can't get mad at someone for having a great job. For Having a great job. Yeah. There's a buddy of mine that I used to play pool with. Well, He's actually hump it into another country and kill somebody so Like's. Well, the thing is, He's got a real tough job. He's not getting enough credit. That's what it's, that's really what it comes from. Well, that's better way to say it. Yeah. That's the, that's the reality of our world today. Those people don't get enough credit, but firemen, You know, It is a great fucking job. But I like the way he breaks it down. Fuck those guys. It's like they all this fuck those, these huge pensions and everybody thinks they're heroes.


They're not heroes. Well, it's funny because he's like, they're just doing their job. The firemen are very comfortable with fire. These people are very comfortable People dying. Dying because of them. You know? Exactly. They just get real, they get blase blase about murder. I Had a, it's not murder if it's sanctioned by your own country. It wonderful. Yeah. What a cool loophole. Yeah. Isn't it? I Had a, a interesting thing, You know, it's like, You know, when you live in the Hollywood Hills, you, you're paying actually, You know, you pretty decent property taxes. So you get, there's, You know, there's, there's, You know, there's a little vi that comes with it. You know, you get a, there's a reason why you, You know, you don't have to wait two hours during, when you're during election. You just go to the, you go to the local elementary school, you're in and out in five minutes.


All right. When it comes election day. But also, it's one of those stupid things that you do that like, like you, like, what was the fucking idiot? Where you, you turn on the burner and then you like, leave the room for a while, all right? And then you come back and all of a sudden your, your kitchen is, is flaming. All right. And so Has that happened to you? That happened to me once. All right. And so the, the alarm goes off and I hit the button, let the fire department know. And then I, I, I, I put it out, I put it out like pretty much immediately. And then Maybe five minutes later, it could have been three, five minutes later, the firetruck is at my door.


Whoa. So I didn't even have time to say, Hey, it's, You know, it's, it's okay. Now it's okay. And so there's an entire firetruck at my door and I, I let, the minute I go, look guys, I'm really sorry. I was really stupid. You know, I, I left the room and with the pot on the stove And it went whatever. And anyway. And so I'm really sorry I wasted your time. I'm really, really sorry I wasted your time. Having said that, it's nice to see that you guys are here this quick. Yeah, Yeah. And I'm sure they were like, oh, we'll just get a selfie. And, And they were like, yeah, yeah, you're right. Yeah. Right. Yeah, exactly. Your private taxes paid for something. Are you sure you are Want us to come in and just make sure I go Yeah, go ahead. If you want.


The problem is sometimes they have to chop through the walls to make sure that the wall is not fired. And embers inside. Yeah. Spray It all down. Get it. It's a hard fucking job. S a hard job though. The thing is, most of the time they're just chilling. Yeah. You know, they get to cook, they eat, they work out. Oh. I take ice cream down to our guys at the, like, I'll go out and buy a bunch of ice cream or some pizzas and take it down just on random days. Just to, Well, actually was funny. That's cool. Well, It was. I'm okay with the fire guys. Well, it was actually funny Because it was like, one of the things, it wasn a crack up. It was like the local fire department. When we worked at video archives at our video store, the local fire department, it wasn a customer. And so they'd rent different movies, but Like, It was almost out of, out of five movies that they would rent for pornos.


Yeah. No, they lived up to their, their, They just literally watched Career. Did You guys work together? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, shit. That's how you guys met. Yeah, that's how we met. Wow. Video archives in Manhattan Beach, California. How fucking cool is that Story? That's from like 84. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Four for about five years. Yeah. Maybe even a little bit before 84. Well, I started officially in 84 because I Remember But you were a customer before. Well, I was a customer. Yeah. I was a customer before. Yeah. I, I predated Quentin as one of the employees, So I was there. Look at You guys. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, yeah. That's, that's Us. That's crazy. Very unfortunate shirt on my part. There was a lot of unfortunate shirts in the eighties.


Yeah. Everybody was confused. They cut the drugs off in the seventies. No one knew what to do for 10 years. That's exactly it. Yeah. It's, it's crazy. Like, you would've never thought back then that that industry would completely vanish. You thought blockbuster video was gonna be around forever. Well, You know, one of the things that, that Why I didn't think film was gonna vanish either. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Right. I Didn't think the theater experience was gonna go away either. But One of the things though, it wasn the death keel to video stores that no one ever like that when they were talking mom and pop. When, when they're talking old people to like, Hey, You know, you, you've retired from your business, you've got a nice little nest egg.


If you want to, if you wanna invest in a nice little business where you get to work with your neighborhood and be in a nice little store with your family, You know, video stores, that's a, that's a good business. Well, I don't know anything about movies. Well, we, you have people who help you, You know, help you choose the titles and everything. So there's a lot of people that like invested in this stuff. And, And it seemed like a good idea. The reason that it seemed like a profitable idea was the idea of like, well, You know, I sell you this video cassette and you, you, you pay for the video cassette, but the minute you rent it past the point that where you paid for, you paid for the video, cassette yourself, then everything else is you all that other money that you make from here on in is just all profit once you pay for the actual cassette.


And of course you'll have some cassettes that don't rent as well. But, You know, but that's the way it works out. But it should work out great. Well, again, that sounds like a pretty good business model. Well, if I spend this money and then, You know, five years from now, boom, everything is, is a profit where, where, where it all fell apart is the idea that you always have to get new shit. Because like, life, it is not a bookstore. Well, bookstores need to get new stuff too. But it's not a library. Li life doesn't stand still every month. There's new titles coming out and you have to be competitive and you have to get the new titles.


And so even if it, if that were the issue, that wouldn't be that big of a deal. But if you're a mom and pop store, you only have so much room. Mm. Yeah. So it's a space, it's literally a space shelf space issue. Within three to four years, you're bursting out of the seams of videos. Mm. You're just bursting out. You've got no more thought room. I never that you've got no more room. And so now all of a sudden, rather than having your face, your, your tapes facing out now everything is, You know, sideways. Yes. Spine facing. Spine facing. And and you've gotta really, and and, And it just never stops. It never stops next month.


Then you gotta get this and next month you gotta get that. And next month you gotta get that. You Need a Costco sized building. Yeah. Well, yeah. Well, again, if you have four different video stores or if you have a chain, you can move things around and it's easier. But when you're a mom and pop, that's just it, You know, mom and pop store and you have a bike store. You don't have to keep getting new bikes every month. If you have a pottery store, you don't have to keep getting new costs Re regardless of your inventory Every single month. Yeah. Constantly have to grow your inventory constantly. There's No, every six months you get something cool. You don't need to get it every month. And you're defined by you having the new shit. And then there was another problem when, when companies that were massively funded, like Blockbuster came onto the scene, they would go in and they would kind of do this sort of gray market purchasing where they would buy, You know, 50 diehards and a mom and pop store.


Can't afford to buy more than one or two diehards or three maybe to satisfy your clientele. Well, what That's what the title. Yeah. The thing is you'd spend, You know, you spend the money like, okay. Like, You know, one of our big titles when we in the early days of video was Top Gun. Yeah. Top Gun. Perfect Example. You know, so you get like, You know, you, you'll get even the mom and pop story, you'll get 12 or 15 top 'cause everyone wants to see it. And at some point it's gonna be out and it's gonna be checked out. And so you've gotta satisfy your, well, you're Gonna, yeah. You'll rent all 15 of those for the next two weeks. You know, it's gonna be, You know, it's gonna be good. But then now you, now you have to sell them off, You know, for $10 a piece. You know, once the, the, You know, once the, the, the desire has died down, it Largely fell on us because we were a smaller store and we had a blockbuster, just a block away, basically.


Not even a block we're talking about in the same fucking Yeah. Basically it not a block away. It was in the, On the block. Yeah. In the shopping center that we were in and Yeah. And so, but well, you're, you're missing the best, the most interesting thing. It's not about the, the bulk buy. The bulk buy is, that's what it is. But that's, every mom and pop store has to deal with that depending dealing with a, a sure. A franchise. Well, what it Changes your strategy Though. Yeah. But what Blockbuster would do, and they were famous for doing this, they were famous for doing this, and, but particularly they were strategic about it, is like, okay, we're gonna go into this town. Okay, we're going into Manhattan Beach.


What's the biggest video store? What's the most popular Yeah. Local video store in Manhattan Beach? Well, that would be video archives. They're right on sefa, You know, they're right across the street from The Warehouse. All right. Which is like was the big, which was one of the big Rental places. Yeah. Before Blockbuster. It Wasn Before Blockbuster, it was Rent was Warehouse. Warehouse erections and tapes. And, and they still managed to survive across the street from Warehouse. And then what does Blockbuster do? They buy the Shaky Pizza that is in our shopping center. Our shopping center. And they moved into the Shaky pizza Because it, like Wow. Okay. With Warehouse and with the, these video archives guys. Well this is obviously the place to be. So they just bought out the Shay's Pizza and opened up and they still couldn't shut us down.


Yeah, Wow. I'm sure they had the attitude of will just brush them aside. Oh, of course. That's how, of course that's how they Thought. And so consequently, Because you don't, you can only get three or 12 top guns, whatever it is, it's not as many as Blockbuster is getting, you end up having to focus on like, how am I gonna convince my clientele to watch something other than Top Gun this weekend? And So it Well Landed on us to basically say, oh, you can't get Top Gun. Well, how about this movie? Well, You know, That you haven't seen, You know, but it, You know, it's, You know, it's the difference between being a cool coffee place and being Starbucks. Right. You know, or a co or You know, a Sure. A franchise bar and a cool little Joe's bar all and the bartender knows you. Right. You know, so it's like, look, if you just absolutely positively Knee Top Gun that weekend, then go across the street to the Warehouse and get it all.


We have what we have. But we had customers that like, came in every fucking day and part of their day or every other day, You know, when their tanks were run, were were due. And they were people of the neighborhood. And, and they came in and not only did they rent stuff, they dropped stuff off and then they rented new stuff out. But like, they came in to talk to us for 20 minutes or 45 minutes, like every other day. And there's no algorithm to tell them what to do. We are the algorithm. Yeah, yeah. You have to know, oh, this guy, oh, they're on a date night, so they're gonna want this kind of rom-com type movie. Or this guy, he really likes, You know, Vietnamese hooker porn tapes.


I gotta make sure to find something like that for him. And those kids, they're gonna want, You know, some skate stuff. So I've gotta learn all about the Bones Brigade videos and stuff like that. And so, You know, you just kind of figured out like, how can I upsell the stuff that they haven't heard of? Because invariably, anybody who comes in, they just, but You're making it just sound a little bit more cynical than it was. You are making it sound more cynical, More like, more like the challenge's, like a married couple. But It's not that. And Totally we're like a married couple. It wasn't That simple without the benefits. Tell, tell this story, honey. We're just tell them the whole story. Yeah. We were just hanging out and they're coming and hanging out all Yeah. And, and we would pop a movie on and like, You know, pop the movie on and be watching scenes from it and be talking about the scenes.


Then a customer would come in, or many customers would come in and they'd just become part of the conversation and we would have like, You know, A Oh no, I mean like a Chat room in the No, no, there Was like, no, there was, there, there was about like 15 customers that like, You know, I talked to five hours a week. Yeah. Every week for five years. Yeah. You know, because they come in and I'm like, let's spend at least 40 minutes every other day. And I, I expected to see them and You know, the, I watched what I watched on tv. I saw what I saw at the movies, and, and then they saw what they saw in the movies. They watched what they watched on tv. We all talked about it. And they talked about the videos and then what else we're gonna get and da da da da da.


And if you Like, that you're gonna like this About, about our lives and everything. Yeah. So At what point in time, while this is all going on, do you guys decide we need to make our own fucking movies? Well, it was always the case. Well, We were always thinking, well, well, well, Roger and, and Roger had another friend that, he was a guy that connected me and Roger together was a guy named Scott who, who took his own life at a certain point of rodeo. His father owned another video story that I worked at as well and that Quentin used to come into. But the thing is though, that while I was just thinking about making movies, Roger and Scott were like making movies on Super eight. Yeah. And they were making little horror films and little zombie movies on, on, on, on Super eight and then like, supernatural Thrillers And they're, and Work Turns is a zombie movie.


Yeah. Well, Yeah, it's a, Yeah, it's Kind of an Yeah, it's kind of a zombie movie. Yeah. Yeah. More of an afterlife film. Okay. Maybe. Okay. And, but, but you're making like legit horror films. Yeah. I'm just thinking about this stuff. And these guys are like, Sam raining it, You know. Mm. Like Sam Raey, they're making their, they're shit in their backyard and they're working on it for like three months and stuff. Yeah. And You know, like I, I was friends with all the punk guys 'cause it was like La Punk and so they were always in my movies. Punk. Yeah. Punk. Yeah. All the, all the punks were in my movies and 'cause they were media literate. They loved movies and so they were easy to pull in and, and to be in the film. So they were always playing like, You know, the Gang of Punks who beat somebody up or something. So it must have been cool working at a video store though, because it's essentially like, you have, it's like an education.


Well, when the time came where we actually wanted to be making movies where we were talking about making movies. 'cause I can remember when I think it was, it was around the time of Sexualizing video tape. Or maybe she's gotta Have It. No, no, definitely sexualizing video videotape. But I remember you coming to me and saying, the moment is happening. Yeah. Yeah. It's happening like small, a small movie is, is possible to get made. Like, like it's happening for us for guys our age. Yeah. I mean, I, I mean the one, You know, It was like The, the sex size and videotape was sort of like the, like the Seattle band that broke All right. But I was already looking at Blood Simple was my Oh sure.


Was my in. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great movie. Was my in All Right. Where it was it Wasn. Okay. It's an artistic movie. It's art, it's arty, it's funny. It can, it can play the art houses. It can play the art house circuit. But there's a genre based to it. Yeah. There's a genre base. It's like, You know, it's a thriller. It's a, it's a film nore kind of thriller done in a certain kind of way, but it's a genre base. Yeah. I go, that's the way you do an art film. You do it, you make it a genre base art film If you keep one foot in, in, because It's entertaining. Yeah. If you Keep one foot in exploitation, in some way in genre, if you keep your foundation in genre, then you can do whatever you want. Like my favorite filmmaker is Stanley Kubrick.


I love Kubrick movies. Okay. One could pretty much look at all of his films and say Each and every one is a genre film. He's got his science fiction movie. He's got a horror movie, even Barry Linden as a costume drama at the time. It is a costume genre. It is a genre. Yeah. It Wasn a, it wasn a solid bankable genre. And the book, the book is a definitely a, a a a a pulpy genre at this Time. Well, yeah, the book was serialized, wasn't it? Yeah. Yeah. It was like Thackery wrote 'em in like a, like an episode. It wasn it was like a soap opera. It wasn, but it wasn a very popular, popular book at that time. Yeah. And so, yeah, it was all, if you can, if you can, I, I, and I knew this making my first film, and I know Quentin, you were talking about it. This was the conversation we were actively having of, we have to make sure that we make a movie.


People wanna see like a genre film. Like, and I was calling them exploitation movies at the time. Like, I wanna keep one foot in exploitation. And then, but at the same time, I'm like, well, I kind of also wanna make, like, You know, I want to elevate it as much as possible. And so when the time came for me to make my first first film Killing Zoe, You know, it was like, I knew it was gonna be a bank robbery because I wrote it around a location. You know, we, we found this while they were scouting for Reservoir Dogs, Lawrence Bender, or maybe you also had scouted that location. Yeah. You found this bank location. And Lawrence called me up and he's like, Hey, I'm calling all the writers. I know. I found this bank location, and if you can, if you have a script that takes place in a bank, we can kick together a couple hundred thousand dollars and make a movie there.


It's like this complete, solid, amazing location. And I said, oh my God, Lawrence, this is your lucky day. I, I happen to have a script that takes place in a bank. And then I just quickly wrote one based on the location. And as I was writing it, I was thinking, okay, You know, I know that it's gonna be a bank robbery. It's a bank, and So I know it's gonna be a bank robbery, and that's my solid bankable genre that I'm going to, to stick with. But I knew I wanted to do something more with it. And I had just traveled through Europe and, and I had been telling Quentin the stories of traveling through Europe. He's like, oh, you should do a movie called Roger Takes a Trip. And I still think it should have been called that.


I think it's A different movie. I think it's a different, I don't think it's a No. You kind of made Roger Takes a trip, just added bank robbers in it. I had been, but it still, Roger takes a trip. I had been in Paris. I had bumped into a guy that I knew from Los Angeles who was a French guy. And he was like, oh, I'll show you the real Paris. And I went out with he and his friends En Rick, Jean Claude, all the characters from the movie. I went out with him and his friends and we, You know, he drove me through Paris and next thing I know he's doing heroin. And I'm like, and And it started with you? With you? No, not with me. I, I, I, now we do heroin. Yeah. It was like, now we do heroin. Hold my arm. I did hold his arm and like, I had never For real. Yeah. Yeah. I had never seen anything like that. Like, he tied his arm off. He's like, hold my arm.


No, no. Hold my arm. He was the tying arm. Yeah. Roger was the time. Hold my arm while I shoot up. Geez. So, but he doesn't quite know that this is all gonna happen. That that the, that everything else has been a preamble to this. Yeah. Suddenly that happens. And then it, he just needed a heroin partner. Yeah. His friends are like, oh, doing it in the nose doesn't even affect me anymore. You know, things Like It. I'm, and I'm like writing these lines down, like, this is great shit. And So I get back and I tell Quentin, like, about this whole story and about these guys and going, You know, driving around the mci and ah, this is where the fags sell themselves. Oh, now we go into the, into the nightclub down below and you do more heroin.


I'm like, what about the cops? Aren't the police gonna say anything? It's safer here than, You know, you are like, you can do heroin anywhere in Paris. And it was like, no, I work at Lamont. Like all of it was like, basically everything in that movie I, You know, was stuff that I'd actually seen. And so when the time came to make it as a bank robbery film, I just, You know, I'm thinking about it. I'm like, well, it's a bank robbery movie, but it's gonna be about these guys. And it just became a movie about a guy going someplace and the, and everything that he thought he knew was wrong. You know, like you think, You know, you haven't seen your friend in a while. You go see him. Okay.


It's all about that, that kind of friendship and misconception that he's downstairs at the bank. Johnny Glaude the bad guy upstairs, the chaos is going on upstairs. He has no idea what's going on upstairs. And so this kind of just became what the movie was about. And So I just quickly wrote the script and then, You know, we ended up not even using that location to shoot the movie in. It came together later and I ended up shooting in downtown LA instead. But, but it was, the seed was planted. The seed was planted. So the idea was, okay, I'm gonna make a French film out of it because I, I'm like, in LA I'm making a film. Like, what can I do that would be different? Like, that would make this more than just a bank robbery movie.


And because of the experience I had just had, I was like, well, I'm gonna make a French film. Okay. I had no business making a French movie. I didn't even really speak French. I just thought it would be kind of cool. I like, You know, a cool French girl and like greasy, dirty French guys, CRI French criminals. And I always loved, You know, Aland Delon and Les Samurai, You know, the way he wears a suit and the way he carries a gun and the way he walks around. I just like, I, You know, just adored all of that. And So it was like, well, let's put all of that kind of space that's in my brain into the movie. And then it, the movies tend to take on a life of their own. They tend to be like children.


You know, it starts off as a concept, as a conception. It has a conception and then it has an infancy. And then you're raising that child to become the movie. And along the way you're really just kind of protecting it and trying to allow it to grow into what it's gonna grow into without forcing it to become something that it's not. And, and it's a little bit of a balance. You have to be a good parent, which means you have to give it a little bit of freedom to grow into something that you don't know what it's gonna be. But at the same time, you have to be willing to, You know, be strong with it as well. And so That's a very underappreciated movie. It's a fucking great movie. I think I'm, I think I'm really good at making underappreciated movies. So I think I've had a, I've built a career. Well those, the on underappreciated movies, Those are the classics that you would look for in a video store.


Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. You'd look for the movies that were really good that nobody knew about. Dark Day afternoon's not in, but Right. We could get you killing Zoe. Right. My favorite moment in the movie. Well, I Like It when the guy gets Burned Alive. All right. You know the, the, the hamburger scene? Yeah, it wasn. Yeah. Yeah. But I remember they were trying to talk to you to cut out and they go, no, no, you can't cut that out. I'm taking my name off you. Yeah, Yeah. No, Quentin did that actually Quentin was a great gorilla to have on my side at, at that time. But Why would they tell you to cut that out? Well, well, I didn't know. It's, everyone is afraid too rough. Is it too rough? As Everyone's afraid, everyone operates outta of fear. If you Take that out, I'm taking my name off the phone. The Only people that don't operate outta fear, I think is the director and the actors. Those are the ones who, if everything's working right, you're fearless.


It's always executives of fuck ring Up. But it's, but it's the scene that my, my favorite scene is the scene with Hugh and Gone when he walks into the closeup. Oh yeah. And he's just like, wait a minute. He's like remembering what he heard and he is re and he realizes. Okay. So that's a good example of, because the movie was shot first. Explain, Explain the scene better. The scene Was shot f I Mean, the movie Explain the, explain the scene better. Didn't Say, well, the movie, movie was shot for, for very little money. We had no money to make it. So I had to shoot the entire upstairs first and then the downstairs, You know, because it's like doing a company move. But I had kept, I, I knew that, You know, when writing, and this was sort of a, a kind of a rule that we had was one, make a genre movie.


Two, Explain the scene. I'm going to, I, I said explain the scene. Don't tell me that you, what you felt about at that moment. Scene. The scene. You missed the exit. The scene was a replacement for another scene. It wasn in the movie, it wasn too expensive to shoot. That's the shortage. What does that Have to do with what I like, What I replaced it with was, and I had to fight for, it was a single shot because originally he goes downstairs and he sees a bunch of like, guys coming in through the sewer. So he starts machine gunning people in the sewer Because it was like a little, little sewer manhole in the bottom of the bank. I was like, well, let's use that. And So I had this whole thing and the bond company showed up and you're like, you're behind schedule and you've gotta like, You know, we're gonna, you gotta cut pages.


And I couldn't cut anything. And I'm shooting upstairs, downstairs stuff. And so it's like I had to have something 'cause he leaves the scene and then comes back angry. And So I knew, I, I knew I needed to have something. And originally I had this whole scene where the cops are coming in and he reacts to that. And So I said, well, okay, I just need one shot. And because it's all I could had time to do, 'cause the fucking bond company. And So I set up, which were actually really cool to me, they were actually, film finances was great. They, I, I just set up a single camera. I, I asked for a kind of a kubrickian lens, a nice wide, like maybe a 14 millimeter lens. And I just had John hug walk up into a closeup. And I just had him do, I, I said, just walk into a closeup and just start looking around and just start seeing things coming out of the walls.


Well, okay. And No, no, no. Is that the shot you're talking about? And he does like a little magic trick beforehand. Like No. Is that the one you're that's not the one you're talking about? No, that's the great shot. That's a great shot. No, the scene I'm talking about is, but that's why I wanted you to explain it because I hadn't seen it in a long time. But it was, here it is. See, is that the Shot? Well, that's the saw, That's the shot I'm talking about. Look, he's looking into the walls. He's wa looking around. But I thought the whole idea about it is the idea that I added those lines of dialogue in No, but I thought, did some idea. I Thought the whole idea, I thought the whole idea is, is he puts it all together. He realized that there's something going on that the cops are doing this or Eric Stolts is, is dirty with him, all that.


And it all hits him. He's, he's ready, does to do something else. And he walks into a closeup And it all hits him. But now we the audience know what's going on. Yeah. And then he's just like, Well, it just shows that sometimes if you can't do what you want to do, what you come up with is better. Mm. And this was an example of, it rained that day and I had to use the rain. That's sort of the example. I Know. The frustrating part for me about what you're talking is like, I don't care how the sausage was made. I like the sausage. I wanted you to talk about the sausage. Well not the, not the factory. You don't wanna know what's in that sausage. Yeah. I wanted to just, you have no interest in that. I wanted to hear about the Italian sweetness.


Well, it was very sweet, but it started off sour. It started off sour because I couldn't do what I wanted to do. And So I just came up with something. It wasn Well, he puts it together in his head. But, and I, no, I mean, I, I still think that sequence is exhilarating. 'cause it's all, it all calls boils down to an actor's face. Well, I had Tom Sini on the set 'cause and I couldn't afford Tom Sini, but I found his number and before I shot and I called him up and in Pittsburgh and I said, Tom Feeney's a makeup effects artist who did Don of the Dead. He did all the effects for Don of the Dead. Oh wow. Like, and not to mention all the great slash Friday, the 13th, all the slasher movies. Like He's the superstar of, of, of practical makeup effects, of horror films of that era. He was in Vietnam and saw some shit.


And every time I'm talking to him about stuff like, he's like, oh yeah, well, You know, no, if you're bleeding from back here, You know, there's only two small veins and blah blah. 'cause when your head gets knocked off, like he's seen all this stuff and so this is his way of processing it. But Tom came in and I couldn't afford him. I called him up on the phone. I was like, Hey, can, do you think I'm a film young filmmaker? I am. You know, I'm your biggest fan. I I'd like you to make effects, blah, blah, blah. Okay. He flew himself out. We had no money to pay him. I think we paid him like some tiny amount. He flew himself to la, put himself up, worked on the film, and he made that burn makeup on that burned guard in the vault out of Vaseline paint and tissue paper.


And I watched him make, it was the most unbelievable thing, how he made blisters and burn effects. And it was like watching one of the great artists work. Yeah. Tom is the incredible guy. He's an incredible, incredible guy. Well, you were asking earlier on about whoa, did you're working at a video store? Did you ever think, You know, when did you start thinking about making your own stuff? Well, I was thinking about making my own stuff for like a long, long, long time, but these guys were actually doing it. But there is a truth while I thought about it, like for a long, long time. And, and always figured I would do that eventually. I did fall asleep for a few years.


You know, it was because working at that store, I just got caught up in the little life there. And it was, You know, it's interesting because, You know, you spent your twenties going to comedy clubs and You know, I'm building, building a career, so I'm still my twenties there. And well, it's one of those things where it's like, well, this isn't my dream. This isn't what I wanted to do. Working at a video store for years, I wanted to actually make movies. It's not my dream what I'm doing, but it's dream adjacent. It's, it's close to my dream.


It's close to my dream. I get to watch movies all fucking day. I get to talk about movies all fucking day. I don't have to work at a pizza parlor. I don't have to. I'm not delivering pizzas. I'm not, I'm not a, I'm not busting ass as a bartender. I'm not busting ass doing menial jobs. I mean, this is the kind of job I I that, You know, I, I'd do if I, I'd I'd go to the store if I wasn't paid to go to the store, You know? So it's like, You know, but, but for a couple of years it did put me to sleep. It did kind of put me to sleep. It put my ambitions to sleep for a little bit because I was happy enough. Yeah. I was happy. And just like one of these days I'll Right, but you didn't have the Fire.


I didn't have the fire. And when I got the fire, when I eventually got the fire back again And it was a life changing thing. It was a life changing day. It was, we had a buddy of ours named Steve-O Yeah. And I, he was one, he, we had different living arrangements and at one point in time, me and Steve o were living in the same house together renting in the back of the, towards the back of the store. The dude house. Yeah. It was where everyone would hang out and, but now Stevo was older than the rest of us. So if, like, he was about like almost five years older than us.


But, You know, he didn't seem Like It. He was a young guy. Yeah. Like five years younger. Mentally. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Or emotionally. Yeah. Yeah. And but so he hits 30 and he starts changing. He starts changing like drastically. He's that. I mean he was like the one of the funniest guys I ever knew. Yeah. And he was this really, really funny stoner dude and really cool. And all of a sudden he's like angry about things and now he's not quite as funny. And now he's got this issue. And so we're, we're roommates. And there's this one night that he's kind of like all, he's kind of disgusted with his life and he starts ranting and he, and he's describing a situation.


It wasn very common if you were a kid growing up without a, You know, without a degree or anything in the eighties, especially in California where it's like you can't get any really good jobs. But like you could work at Licorice Pizza and if you're an okay employee, you could like work at Licorice Pizza for a couple of years and maybe you could even become assistant manager or a manager and maybe they send you to another store and, and maybe you worked there for three years and that's really great. But then, You know, all of a sudden the, the district manager doesn't like you. You run a foul of somebody higher up in corporate and all of a sudden, next thing You know, you're fired and you're out in the street again. It's management. Yeah. Yeah.


Okay. And so now you've just spent three years at Licorice Pizza. Now, now you could get a job at TRW or some of places like a real job job or, well, those are kind of hard to get, but you can work at warehouse records and tapes tomorrow 'cause you just had three years at Licorice Pizza. Mm. Same thing with Wild West clo. Same thing with Miller's Outpost. Same thing with any of these kind of stores. Next thing You know, you're 28 and the only jobs you've ever had are minimum wage jobs behind a counter that it, that, that were designed for kids to pay for their gas. Right. And then, and you've like spent your entire twenties doing that and then you start getting bitter and you start getting bitter.


And, but, but he was not just bad bitter about the job aspect of it. He, but he, I knew he, oh my God, he's telling me the truth. He, I'm learning something here. 'cause he, You know, he goes, You know, You know Quentin, you think that we're this really great team. We're this really great crew. Well, we are. I mean, You know, this is that time of your twenties. We're like, you, your group of friends are your family. You know, and like well we are. And Quentin at 20, I worked at South Bay cinemas and I hung out with a bunch of guys just like you and some girls there too.


But there was a bunch of guys just like you. And then I stopped working at South Bay Cinema, then I worked at Miller's Outpost and hung out and with a bunch of guys just like you. And we did everything just like we do. We went to movies together, we went out and we dated amongst the girls there. Everything. Yeah. Then I worked at Alicia Pizza for far, far four years with a bunch of guys just like you. I've wasted my life hanging out with a bunch of guys just like you. And they all go away at a certain point. And I realized this guy's kind of telling the truth. I, this he's showing me a, a truth about him. He's, he's, he, I'm, I'm, this is coming from somewhere.


And then all of a sudden he still hung around us. He's still like this. But then he started making it a point to touch base with some of his high school friends that were still around. So he is not just hanging out with guys four years younger or five years younger than him. Anyway, I'm turning 25 around this time. So I'm having my own little, okay, well what have I done with my life so far? So far? Fucking nothing. So I'm having my own little anxiety hitting 25, but I'm seeing what it's like five years from now. Yeah. When you turn 30. Yeah. A window to the future. Yeah. When you're two 30 and you're in this situation and, and there was like one night that I had what I used to call, I would do it every once in a while.


I haven't done it in a long time. Thank, thankfully I would have a Quentin Detest fest where I'd stay up all night long and rather than give myself excuses, I would, at everything that I'm fucking up in my life or everything I'm not doing or whatever, and just not give myself any fucking excuses out. Just like nail it. And I would spend like all night laying out everything I'm doing that's wrong. And then I would spend the last two hours figuring out how I can change it. Mm. And as opposed to just doing it and then going to get some sleep and, and then you forget about it and fall back into your, You know, your routine.


I decided to change my life and I was like, look, the problem is, is that I'm living in the South Bay and even though I drive to Los Angeles, I, one, I, I gotta not worry about this job anymore. I gotta just move to Hollywood. I gotta get involved there. I gotta meet other people that are in the business and if I have to work manpower jobs, You know, where you just work like four days at this place and four days at that place, well then that's fine. And by the way, I shouldn't be making money until I'm making money doing what I wanna do. Mm. And not it wasn, it wasn ever a danger. All right. But, but then, You know, the next thing I knew, You know, I was, I moved out of the South Bay, and then I couldn't move into Hollywood. I couldn't afford Hollywood, but I could afford Koreatown.


And it wasn close enough. And, and literally the minute I kind of moved out there, I met a guy who wrote low budget horror movies. And then through him, I met other guys that wrote low budget horror movies. And this guy who directs a few low budget horror and this guy who produces a couple and well, but yeah, you meet one person and that introduces you to three other people. Now all of a sudden, I actually knew people who were actually making movies. And the thing about it was, it was like also, well, if these guys can do what I can do, because they weren't too special. Right? Yeah. You know? But that's the Weird realization that you end up having.


Yeah. And, and then literally, it wasn't like everything changed, but like within a year and a half from moving out of the South Bay, moving into the Hollywood area, within a year and a half I was finally able to make a living as a, as a writer, You know, getting like a, a $7,000 for this rewrite on this script over here. $4,000 for this polish over here. Another $10,000 for this rewrite over here. Well, shit, I mean, I made $10,000 a year Yeah. Through all my twenties, but before that point. So like, if I can make, like, if I can make 15,000 from writing, oh my God, that it wasn the greatest thing in the world. Wow. But it just takes being around people that are actually doing it.


So you realize it's possible. Well, Well, the what? It's the realizing it's possible, but it's also, but it's also a situation where it's like, as op, You know, as opposed to talking to your buddies about comedy in Minnesota, your buddies who like comedy, no. You're at the comedy store and you're dealing with comedians Right. Every fucking night. Yes. And you're with the, You know, you're in the place where the shit happens and you're, you, you're hearing how the laughs work, but also like, You know, what's going on? Oh, Caroline's Comedy Hour is doing the tryouts for this. Yeah. And, You know, Chuck Chuckles or is doing this thing or that thing. Oh. And there's this sitcom going and there's a the funny neighbor guy.


Yeah. At any moment you're, You're in the, you're in the, you're plugged in. Yeah. At any moment there's a circle of people rising in any industry. Yes. And it's just a matter of finding those people and those people will all gravitate towards the same things. Yeah. Yeah. And they have the thing where it's sort of like, You know, like, Hey, Benny, we, we have a, a spot for you that could be really, You know, I can't do it, but my friend Joe could do it. Can you can, how about, How are you giving Joe a chance? Yeah. Okay. Will you, will will you back Joe up? Yeah, I'll back Joe up. Okay. Yeah. Well, let's, well let's call your friend Joe. Can he be down here at nine? Yeah. He can be down here at nine. Well, that's how you get a fucking gig. This is exactly what we tried to do when we built the mothership here. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What we'd done. Yeah. We decided when we left LA like we need a place where comics have a hub.


And when we were all in Austin, we all just moved to Austin because of the pandemic. Yeah. And all of a sudden we were allowed to perform indoors. It was crazy. In November of 2020, we were doing shows indoors. And, You know, you couldn't go on Twitter because they would call you a big super spreader, a fucking monster. But everybody started moving here. And by the, You know, by the time 2020 rolls around, there's like 15, 16 world class comedians that didn't used to live in Austin that are here now. And we were like, let's, let's build a club. Yeah. And so we bought the Ritz Theater where, You know, some of your movies have played. Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is fucking crazy. And when we put it together, the, the whole idea was like, have a place where people can come. We have two nights of open mic nights Monday and or Sunday and Monday night.


So there's always a chance to get on stage. There's always a guy, there's a real to talent. eGate is a, Adam eGate is a real talent coordinator. He's really gonna watch you. He's really gonna give you advice. And you're around the best comics in the world all the time. And everybody knows it's possible. And everybody treats you the way you would wanna be treated if you were starting. So you're just one of us. You're just started. But you're not, we're not better than you. We're not, we're not. There's nothing special about us. We're just telling you. We, we started walking and now we're 15 miles in. You're 15 feet in. Just keep walking. Okay. But let me, okay. But let me ask you a que let me ask you a question. 'cause it, You know, when I watch some of the things on the Comedy Stern now, 'cause You know, I'm, I really love going to the comedy show. Yeah. You know, and, and they treat me really great there.


It was really cool. All right. But You know, it, the mythology of the plays is you go down there and open Mic nine and if you have something to offer Yeah. You know, then you, You know, you work your way up and then you're the doorman and then, You know, You know, you, you work your way up. But it seems like it wasn then it wasn a long time ago. Now it seems like people are almost paying 10 years. Right. Or eight years before they actually are getting up and getting paid. Not necessarily. Like Tony Hitch Cliff started at the Comedy Store. He started as a doorman, You know, and he worked his way up to selling out Madison Square Garden two nights in a row.


I mean, you, it, it is possible to still be a doorman. And I met Tony when he was just Starting out. I'm, I'm, I'm figuring that that's a spot. But it seems like, but if you have to wait five years, Well, you don't get good for 10 years. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That makes Sense. It takes forever. Comedy is like making a mountain out of layers of paint. Well, it takes, yeah, that makes sense. You have to fail. Yeah. You, you have to have the opportunities to fail. Well, there's also no one can can tell you how to do it. Yeah. Like writing a film. Like you, you, You know, you have a protagonist, you have the antagonist, you have a plot, you have a, you have a bunch of stuff that you can kind of create and formulate. Did, Would you really? But would you really say that it takes 10 years to be a solid comedian? It takes 10 years to be a real headliner. Like a guy guy could Oh, What headliner That real, that's, that's a little different.


That's a little Different. But Well, that's when you're a real comment. Yeah. Okay. When you can do an hour. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can do an hour and then you could write another hour. Yeah. Yeah. Like you, you, you kind of know who you are Because it Takes years to build that. Well, also To be a headline, you don be enough of a, you have to be enough of a name of a draw. Actually draw an audience. Yes. Yeah. Yes. And You know, you don have to, usually you go on the road with a headliner. Yeah. And then the people get to see you. Oh, I remember he was here when Tom Ur was in town. Yeah. Yeah. That guy's really good. We saw him then and he did 15 minutes. Now he's gonna do an hour. This would be great. And it's sort of that kind of a deal. Yeah. But it's the same sort of situation where most people don't, like if you're in Pittsburgh, you don't know what to do. You know, you go up, there's a couple open mic nights, everybody sucks.


And there's no inspiration. It's not set up for comedy. And it's in a fucking pizza pli alert. Exactly. And it's good on the Weekends. And it doesn't work. And it doesn't work. And you go, well, I guess this is not for me. Right. It's Good on the weekends. 'cause they'll fly in, You know, Greg Fitz Simmons, some headliner, and you get to see a real comic for a weekend. So you get a little bit of an education from that. And maybe if you're lucky, the club owner will let you open for him or do 10 minutes on that show. And you kind of like get a feel what it's like to perform in front of a real audience that's there to see a real comic. But you gotta be around, like, comedy doesn't exist in a vacuum. There's no great comedian that lives in some small town by himself. Like you could find some great blues artist Or a great novelist. Yeah, yeah. Novelist is probably the best one Because you kinda live in your own head.


Yeah. But you, you have to be around the other people that are doing it. Which is Exactly why Quentin moved to Hollywood. Yeah, exactly. You got away from these loosers, You had to do it, but you, you really do Have to do it. Cut the dead weight. I recall, I recall living in Hollywood as well. I lived on Yeah, you did. I You freaking Franklin. Yes. You, you are from Plummer Park. Your bitter friend gave you a valuable little piece of information. Yeah, You did. No, very much so. You Need those, you need those moments. Oh, I knew I was hearing the truth and I knew I was hearing a coming attraction. Yes. Because I was already feeling it at 25. Right, right. That I Right. Have I i throwing my top soil years away. Right, right. The top soil. Exactly. And it doesn't come back. It doesn't come back.


Yeah. You never get to be 21 again. Let's hit reset. Yeah. Yeah. You get one weird march through this life. And if you don, if you have a Yeah. You could throw it away until 23. But at from 24 on, you need to be thinking about what you're doing for the Rest of your life. Yeah. Get it going. Yeah. Get it going. Yeah. That, well, I think these conversations are so important for young people to hear. 'cause there's a lot of people out there that do have ideas, and sometimes they have a little bit of a fire, and then maybe they have a job that's kind of cool, like yours was. Yeah. And they, they get sedated Almost. The worst thing that can happen is getting comfortable, which I think is what you were talking about. Yeah. It s Yeah. Yeah. But, You know, I mean the, You know, it all worked out okay. It all worked out really, really good. And the thing about it was, You know, I did get comfortable, but I got comfortable in a cool place.


And, and, and ultimately I did have the energy and the, the wherewithal to ultimately get dissatisfied with it and, and, and want more, You know, the, the alternative would've been me working at, at a department store for those Four years. Yes. Right, right, right. Where there's nothing, I Mean, I would've been like really been miserable. Right, right. Right. Here I'm able to, I mean, You know, in, in this instance, I'm still involved with, I mean, the, the part that, the sedate part was the idea that it was close enough to what I wanted To do. Right. Right, right, right. It Was close enough. I could get com, I could get Comfortable. Well, there's, there's guys like that at the comedy store. There's a friend of mine at the comedy store. It wasn a he was a, a bartender in the back bar and he wanted to be a comic.


Yeah. But he was there, it was like five years after I met him. I'm like, Hey man, you gotta quit this fucking job. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because you're here when all the greatest comics in the world, but you're not going on stage because you're, and you're making good money. And that's the, that's the, the velvet curtain. Yeah. You know, that's pulled over your eyes. Like I, I, I worked on Lords of Dog Town, the, the movie about Zephyr Surfboards and skateboarding and polyurethane wheels and surfing. And I'm not like, like a surfer or anything, but my entry point into that movie was Zephyr Surfboards was exactly like video archives. And I imagine that this is like this in a lot of places where, You know, you, you have a shop, they make skate, they do skateboards, and they've got a shaper guy there, You know, skip, who's a surfboard shaper.


And he was sort of like, Lance, the guy who owned video archives and he started a shop and he's selling to all the kids locally. And all the kids who like love surfing, You know, like Stacy Peralta or Tony Alva or guys like that, they would just go hang out there. Just like we would go hang out at the video store. And So I looked at that and I was like, okay, I don't really know anything about these guys other than growing up in the beach community. But my real entry point was, I understand gravitating towards what you love and wanting to be close to it, and that if a video store is the closest thing to Hollywood in your town, that's where you go. Or if it's, if it's not a movie theater. And so, Well, You know, it was, it was, it was funny 'cause when I first started, when I started at the video store, I Like, It was great because, You know, like I said, I got to hang out in this place that I enjoyed.


And I'm surrounded by movies and talking about movies all The time. Yeah. Access to all those titles. But then also there was also the situation of, You know, I became like a little film critic in that town. You know, it was like, I was like the, the, the store was my little village voice and I was the Andrew c there, I was the, the critic. And people would come in and at a certain point I'm like, okay, this is Quentin, what should I get? You know? And the thing is, and I'm not just like holding court on my own personal taste. Pretty soon they got a really good idea about my, my taste. But the thing is, I'm usually gearing it towards the people. You know, I'm, I'm not gonna, You know, get some housewife to watch some Gonzo movie that I Yeah, yeah.


Gonzo violent movie that I really like. I'm, I'm, I'm gaming. I get to know her. You Have to tailor tailor It to her. And so I'm, You know, putting something in her hand that I think she's gonna, she's gonna appreciate. And I kind of of know what kind of comedy she likes. I know who she likes, stuff like that. And so I'm like, You know, really kind of, You know, gearing it in a certain, in a certain way. And that, that, that felt, that felt really good. You know, it felt like I said, I felt like a film critic. Hmm. Yeah. You know, but one of the things that I forgot, I was gonna, I was gonna go somewhere with that and I forgot I lost my train of thought. Alright. But, but one of the things that ended up happening, and if I, I hope I didn't say it the last time I was here that ended up happening, is we became really famous in the neighborhood.


We were the video guys. Yeah. And, You know, our store was a little different than most of the businesses that were in Manhattan Beach. And so everyone kind of knew us. We were the video guys. So in a strange way, it, it was a, a, a precursor to what it would be like to be famous. What the whole world kind of knows about you like that. Mm. In Manhattan Beach, I'm like walking down the street and people are like, Hey, Quentin, hey Quentin. Hey, how you doing? How are you doing? You know, I'm like, I'm at the, working at the store. I'm walking to the Jack in the Box to get a coke and come back. And then, You know, but we'd walk into the, the man's movie theater.


All right. It wasn by the theater, You know? And me and two of the guys would walk in to go see a movie and we, we, we walked down the aisle and we'd hear, Hey, those are the guys, guys, those the video Guys, guys. Oh yeah. I, I, I was in San Francisco once and the guys from Red Cross, the Yeah, yeah. The punk band. They were customers of ours. I was like, oh, they're doing a signing at this local record shop. I'll just go show up. I'll just show up there on Haight Ashbury. And I walk in and immediately the McDonald brother guys are like, Hey, it's the video store guy. Yeah. Hey man, come back. They're come back behind with us. I don't think they talk like that. They kind of talk like that. It's good to get that slow drip, get a little bit of a taste of it before you actually get famous.


Just to get a feel of, of what it's Like. It still doesn't give you the full, it's like, You know, oh, I'm just gonna smoke a little weed compared to I'm gonna mainlined, You know, heroin. Well, oddly, Oddly enough, the thing that it did was it made me feel part of a community, which I had never felt with before. I actually felt part of the Manhattan, Manhattan Beach. Manhattan Beach, yeah. I felt part of the Manhattan Beach community. I was part of the Manhattan Beach community, You know, the people knew me there and, You know, and, and I was, I I was an upstanding member inside of that community. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. The the fame thing is no one can teach you how to do that. There, there's someone needs to be like a group of people to get together with people that are about to get famous and say, Hey, listen, we're famous already.


Lemme tell you how fucking weird this is. And I don't know if you were prepared for this When we were first trying to make True Romance. You know, Quentin had this amazing screenplay And it was like we were gonna try to do it Coen Brothers style. Yeah. We had just seen Blood Simple. And we were like, okay, I'm gonna produce Quentin's gonna direct, we're gonna go out and make this. Our first thought was, okay, we've got this database of doctors and lawyers and housewives in Manhattan Beach. We're gonna go to the video store. You know, we'd ended up not doing that. Yeah. You gonna Ask them? We were gonna go, we never had the balls to actually ask, ask anybody for money. Yeah. It was, we talked thinking About getting money and actually getting money are too, We strategized about it a lot, but we never actually, I drew up full partnership papers before, before that whole dream failed.


Like of, of doing it that way. Yeah. Nobody knows what it's like to actually be successful until you are. Yeah. But in the beginning, did you guys feel like Pretenders? Did you feel fake? Did you have imposter syndrome? I didn't have imposter syndrome. Well, 'cause I did a movie and I was really happy with the film. But the thing is what I felt like, I'll tell you exactly how I felt. I didn't feel imposter syndrome. Well, I guess a little bit there. Is that all that like, waiting for somebody to tap you on their shoulder. What the fuck you doing? And get outta here. Get outta Here. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Who would let that guy in? Right. The fuck out. But What I had was, I felt like I was a, a reporter, deep undercover. All right. On the opposite side of the line.


Right. This isn't really me. I'm like those people over there. Right, right, right. But I'm deep undercover. Right. And I can, I can give you reports from the, from the, from the front, right. Of what it's like here on the, on the, on the battle line. Right. Well, maybe it wasn a good thing, though. It Was a really cool thing. It was neat. Because I think that's one of the things you did with your films, is you did shit. It wasn very risky. Like we're talking about executives and all these different management people that are gonna come in and fuck with your thing and don't do that and cut that out. But you, you had a, a sensibility not of a person in management, but of a person that I know what I'd like. I know what I like, and I, and I think I can think differently than these people do.


Oh, no, no. I, no, I, one of the things we talked about, we had a little theory about it, w was that gave us a bit of a superpower when we were first brought into, once we established ourself, that people knew that you read our scripts, or you knew we were Yeah. We had something to offer. We would walk into rooms and we realized that. And, and, and, and look, I'm not here to make fun of Hollywood executives, some of those guys. No. Look, look, you don't know how bad some of these movies, these scripts are. They actually, oftentimes they actually make them better. Yeah. They're really, really terrible. All right. They, some of the, the, when they go through the Sausage factory, oftentimes they get better, believe it or not.


But the thing is, though, you'd walk in there and you don't become this super successful executive by being doubling down on your own opinions. You kind of wanna get the temperature and Right. Get a consensus going on. You, you, you're not the maverick. That's not how people establish themselves as executives. The d girl, You know, doesn't become the head of the development process by, You know, being the punk rock person who's the, You know Right. Shooting for the, for the PLI souls.


They're looking for a Rolling stone. But Film people, film geeks, and film, You know, film buffs, The one thing they have is their opinion. And they have spent years defining their opinion. Yeah. And they almost have nothing to show for their dedication to cinema other than their highly evolved opinion. So you put them in a room and say, well, what would you do? Well, it's about time you asked me and then you, and then all of a sudden you take the strong point of view and the room, the, the term in Hollywood is he who has the strongest point of view in the view, he who has the strongest point of view in the room wins.


Yeah. And executives don't have the strongest point of view, You know, but the maverick artist, who only can hear the sound of his own voice, he definitely has the strongest point of view. Right. But it's refreshing to them. Yes. You know, invariably they hire you Because you scare them a little. You're a little scary. And they, like, they want, they want to be like a little thrilled by that. Right. But then, You know, like a girlfriend or something, they wanna change you. They think they're gonna make you normal. Exactly. Right. Exactly. And then, and then it falls on you to just stay true to that initial guy who was in the room. I had a, I had a really interesting situation where I had a, a guy who was an executive who actually directed a movie. And he was talking and like, oh, I've seen these jokers out there and You know what they do isn't so special.


I think I could do it. And so he, You know, so he finds a, finds a book, and then they, they adapt it. And, and now he's doing the movie. And, You know, he's getting through it. Everything's working fine. He's getting through it. And then, then he realizes the difference between himself and a director, because there's a, he's dealing with another director about something. 'cause he's, he's an executive. So he's dealing with another director about another movie. And he asks him a very important question about his movie. And the way he answers it, he realized the difference between him and that director. And, and he goes, I realized, Oh, See, he's a real director because he sees the movie.


Yeah. He sees the movie in his head. The question I asked, he went into his head and he saw it. He saw it, and he could actually answer it. Oh, the flower pot is green. Yeah. Because he sees the entire picture. Yeah. And I don't see it. I'm just doing my best. I'm, I I, I see it written. All right. He just, but I don't, I don't see the movie in my head. I'm just doing my best with the, with the written material. He's the Comedy Central executive that thinks that could be a comedian. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right on. Right on. And then they get on stage and they eat shit. Oh God. What you were saying is exactly what happened to Chappelle. Oh, the Chappelle shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, they loved him.


He's this wild dude. And then all of a sudden, this is too wild. This is becoming really, we could change successful Him. We'll make, we can change you. They wanted him to stop saying the N word. They wanted to stop a bunch of different things on the show, and, And we'll give you all this money if you, if you Roll over. Yeah. They gave him literally the devil's deal. We're gonna give you $50 million and this is, this is what you're gonna get. And he's like, no, I quit. I quit everything. And I'm, I'm gonna go to Africa. I'm gonna hang out in Africa for a while, and I'm gonna quit standing up for 10 years and come back and still be the best. That is so the right move. Oh my God. Well, look, he's a legend now, but he, but that's the, that's really him. If you're around him, he's a, he's an artist in like the truest sense of the world. Yeah, Absolutely. He is. You know, when I was young, one of my first jobs was actually given to me by one of our customers, this guy John Langley, who did that show of cops.


And so, like, he was, You know, getting his power turned off and stuff like, You know, constantly. And, You know, he was struggling to get by and he would do these little things with Geraldo Rivera that Quentin and I would work on his PAs every now and then. And the Dolphin grin, exercise video. We Worked on the dolin grin, exercise video together. We were PAs and the do were An exercise. Yeah. We were picking up dog shit in Venice Beach with our hands so that Dolph could do aerobics on that little grassy knoll grass. Hilarious. And so, You know, I'm like the first, I'm, I'm a pa working for him, a driver. I'm running around town. My car is like, the transmission is going out. I'm trying to figure out what am I gonna do. This is not what I want to do. I don't wanna work on cops, but like, I need the job.


And so I'm, I go in and I meet with, with John, and he's been a customer of ours, and he's fatherly like to me. Yeah. And I go into his office and I sit down and cops has just started. And it, it started because of a writer's guild strike. And, You know, there was a writer's guild strike. And so Fox was like, well, that show has no writers. And so they ordered his thing and he went from nothing to like, I'm buying yachts. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm collecting vineyards. As in not, not only that though. I remember when he first came up with the idea with the partner Malcolm Barber. Yeah. All right. So he comes in and he's like, Hey, we've got a really good idea for a show. So he's, he's, he's, he's describing cops before cops has ever been made. Yeah.


And it, and his first idea was, it wasn't called Cops, it was called the Real Miami Vice. The problem was it doesn't scale out to the whole country like Cops did. Yeah. Yeah. He, well, They defined it. They refined it. As I asked him, I said, John, like, you've worked, You know, in this business a long time. He was an ad for a long time. What kind of advice can you give to a guy like me who's trying to, You know, work my way up? He's like, well, what do you wanna do? Ultimately? I said, well, I want direct films. Well then be a director. Don't work your way up the ladder. Don't try to be a grip and work your way in. Just be a director.


And I heard that. And he's like, start at the top. It's the best way to go. Just start at the top. And, You know, just tell people you're a director. Put yourself in that. Otherwise people will just pigeonhole you. They'll just say, that's who he is. He's a grip, or he's a pa or he's, You know, you'll, you'll have to work your way up. Just tell people who you are. So I thought about it and I was like, okay, I quit. And He's like, what? I said, I quit. I'm a director. And I left. I walked out. I mean, I, I gave him notice. And, and I walked out and he sat there and he, he later told me years later, told me, man, I heard, I thought it wasn the most audacious, ballsy thing that I gave you advice and you took it right away.


And okay, nevermind. The fact that it took me years of, of just telling people I'm a director. I directed super eight movies. Like I was not a director. I was a poser. I was faking it until I made it. But I told people what I was and what I was doing. And eventually it stuck. Eventually enough people hear it. And all those people who you end up going into a room and pitching your idea, and they say no. Eventually they see you at Cannes running around, You know, trying to do foreign sales. They're like, Hey, maybe that kid is a director. It wasn all it, You know, it was just believing in yourself. It's funny, that guy, When no one else believes what you believe. The Guy he's talking about, John Langley, who created Cops.


It was, You know, he was a really good customer. And his wife Maggie was really lovely. She came, she Came in Morgan and all of his kids. Yeah. And I heard the story came back to me later that, You know, when I got the deal to make Reservoir Dogs, You know, just little by little through the Manhattan Beach community, they started, You know, hearing, oh, hey, Quentin's making his movie. Yeah. Quentin got his movie off the ground. He's actually making his movie. He's not at the video store anymore. He's actually making a movie Good for him. And who knows what's gonna happen to it, but it's happening. And, and I think they were having a little dinner party at their house, and then Maggie mentions to John about what happened.


Really? That's actually happened. It's actually happening. Yeah. No, they've got production offices and everything. They're, they're, they're making the movie. And he goes, everybody raise your glass. Yeah. To Quentin. He did it. Good for Quentin. That's awesome. Raise your glass. I mean, I'm getting Terry eye just even thinking about it, You know? That's awesome. You know, I I, I, I just have to say John Langley. That's so cool. You know? 'cause I had some shit happen to me in my life. I spent some time in jail. I kind of screwed up my life. But when everything went down, when everyone in Hollywood dropped me like a hot rock, John Langley was there. Yeah. Our customer, John Langley. 'cause I lost, we lost everything. He loaned me some money.


He gave me my first job when I got outta jail writing something for very little money. But it wasn a job. Yeah. You wanted me back in the saddle. I love the things you wrote from jail. Oh, thanks. Yeah, thank you. They Were really good. It was really interesting. It was like this, like super intelligent writer who's in jail. You know, it's different, different sort of perspective. Roger Roger's working on a book about his jail experiences. That is fantastic so far. I, I kept a really detailed, super detailed journal about like, everything that's going on around me. And, You know, it became a really, I mean, it wasn an, it was a very intense experience being placed into a room, having the doors closed, and you're just left with yourself and everything, all your things which define you get stripped away.


Everything gets kind of dropped. And you lose who you are. And you're just left with your remorse and regret for why you're there. And you have a lot of time to think about things. And, but having said that, as a writer, there was a concrete bench that I could sit on. I had golf pencils. I could buy sheets of paper. And, and I've never in my life been more productive. I've never wanted to write more than when everything was taken away. And I've never felt more about the world. And I've never, yeah, I've, I've, it was a very monastic, I was telling Quentin at one point, it was kind of monastic.


Like, You know, you're, you're in a, you're in a secular kind of, you're in a cell, you're in a cell, and you're, you're with a bunch of God dudes and you're writing, You know, it's like you're, I, I became a scribe. I started, I mean, I was a scribe beforehand, but I really, really, it became my escape. Being able to write, being able to fall into things and to be able to travel into another world. And then also people find out you're a writer, and they're like, Hey man, would you write my yo essay? Would you write my girlfriend? You know, I wanna write her a love letter. I need your help. So I wrote like a ton of love letters. That's actually good practice for dialogue. Oh yeah. No, totally, totally.


No, actually, I heard some amazing dialogue. And you're, And you're writing your Robinhood script. All right. And there's, so that's your way to get out of the cell, is to write his Robin Hood script. You Know, I, well, there's a book cart. And So I, You know, every now and then you go through the book cart and mostly it's like Tom Clancy novels. They love Tom Clancy and stuff like that. And Clive Barker novels and things like that. But lo and behold, I found this old penguin paperback of, You know, an old, old version of Robinhood, written by E Charles Vivian. And they're like, oh man, this is gonna be great. And I start reading it, and it's like they get into evil hold, which is like this castle where, You know, Marian's father is being kept and nobody knows it.


And he's there, and he's not away at Crusades. He's in this prison. And Robinhood goes into the prison. And in the moment when he's in the prison, how he sees the other pri the, the wretches that he has to leave behind, because there are too wretched to even come out. Like how bad the prison is and what he's seeing inside. And his observations. I was shaking after reading it. I'm shaking thinking about the, I mean, the entire experience now. But, You know, it was such a, a vivid depiction. I'm like, well, I'm, I'm adapting this. 'cause I'm feeling it right now. I'm feeling like, what? It's like, I'm feeling what it's like to have authority, to have the boot on your, on your neck.


I mean, rightfully so. But I, nevertheless, and, and So I started writing, You know, my version of Robinhood and with on, You know, pencil and paper. And as I'm writing it, like I was crying as I wrote it. I, I was looking at the pages the other day, and there's like teardrops, like, Wow. All over it. Like on every page it's like, holy crap. It's like when you're writing like that and you're feeling that much, it's not a bad thing to cry when you're writing. Yeah. It's like, thank God I'm, I'm feeling. Yeah. Like I'm feeling something. And it's traveling into the page. And also because I had been a working writer in Hollywood for a long time, just by speed.


I had fallen into the very bad habit of composing at my computer, at my laptop. Like one of those assholes who goes to Starbucks and sits. I was that guy. And So I'm sitting, and I had kind of become used to that. Well, writing by hand in, well incarcerated. It reconnected me with like, pen to paper or pencil to paper. And it reminded me that not only, like when you write something down, you have a different relationship with the word No. I consider the pen is the antenna to God. It is the antenna to God. And also when you type it into the computer, that's a process of rewriting.


Yeah. And so you're losing an entire section of it. And So it reconnected me with that. I Couldn't agree with you more. Okay. Well, well tell me, explain this more to me, this is fascinating to me. 'cause I've heard many people say this about comedy, that they, they have to write on paper. I don't, I write on a laptop. I've always written on a laptop. For me, it's what I like about writing, even writing on paper, is that it takes more time to write the word appreciate than it does to think about what it means to appreciate something. Like the word appreciate, You know what it is instantly, oh, he appreciates this. But to write appreciate it takes longer. So there's more thinking. Well, I and more thinking. I feel like when you have more thinking, there's more little different ways you might alternately branch off with your ideas.


I don't, I don't, I don't think I, that is not false. Not that I've, not that I've ever, not that I've ever written an hour long standup comedy show. All right. But I would think that your writing is different than my kind of writer. Sure. All right. You know, it would, like, I would think as far as writing stuff down, it's like notes and ideas and a funny word, phrases or Right. Or this and that and the other. But then you're working it out. You're saying it, you're saying it, you're saying it, you're saying it. And then you get your story. Right. And maybe you say it into a recorder, maybe you do this or you do that. But, You know, but, but probably doesn't even look right when you, when you Right. Even when you type it up on a, on a thing, it doesn't look right. No. It's the way you tell the story.


What I was gonna get to is that when you, when I type, I can type quicker. Okay. Yeah. Than I can write by hand. Oh yeah. And the problem with comedies, it comes quick and slippery. And also you can, especially if you're little lit, you Can edit. That makes No, that makes, that makes it, that makes a tremendous amount of sense. I mean, we're writing stuff that has to hold up on the page. Right. That has to hold up as writing. I'll write a 1500 word essay and I'll use one line. Like there's one thing in there that might be a bit Yeah. But I'll write all this other shit on transportation. And then it's like strip mining. You just go pull all that dirt out And just process it. You that's get a little, or exactly what it's like. I've tried to write. So you open up your mind about a hundred percent. Just let loose on public transportation.


Yes. Yes. And it is, I'm not even trying to be funny. I'm just trying to write. And then I'll find something funny in it. Yeah. And then that's, that's the starting point. Now I take that, cut it, copy it into a completely fresh document. Now what is this? Okay. But lemme ask you, and how do I get to this? Ultimately, It's whatever works is, lemme ask you a question. Is The best, is it you on either typing or whatever? Is it, is it you doing that a eight page thing on, on, on transportation? Or is it more likely that you're just pacing around? No, I'm doing a running monologue on public transportation.


Well, I'm sitting still. Right. If that's what you mean. The thing about typing is I type good, so not great, but I, I don't have to look at the keys and I can type pretty quickly. And if I have a good laptop, like a think pad that has a lot of finger travel. Yeah. Then you really feel it. And I, I get into like a zone and then it's just about like, yeah, but no, You actually do write your notes. Yeah. And then it's just about Trump. But they don't always come out the same way. 'cause sometimes when you bring 'em out on stage, the moment lets You know, this is not the way to go. It's this way. Yeah. Yeah. And then all of a sudden you're like, God, how did I not see that in front of the computer? Because you weren't in that vibe of the crowd. Like it's a, you don't do it on your own. You have to do it with them. It's like the one art form that literally cannot be practiced in solitary.


Yeah. You have to do it. So when I write, I write like that, but it, I also write things down on pieces of paper. Or I also write, like, whenever I, if I have an idea, I gotta catch it. Well, they're not gonna give you that computer in jail. Well, that's true. You're gonna be forced to write it on, on pencil and that's gonna be an okay experience for you. But The, but what is it that makes it to you? Like the, the hand to God? Like what is it about writing on paper? I, well, my little, my little, an analogy of it is you can't write poetry on a computer. Why not? Well, Because we're, it's, we're, I'm, I'm going for a rhythm. Right. I'm going for I'm, I'm going for, I'm, I'm going for a rhythm. And then, and and, and there's like, there's a connection between my chicken scratch and this paper and this pen as opposed to this other thing.


And, and the more unintelligible and only I can read it, the more legit it kind of is. And the thing is, and, and it's, it's vomit. It's absolutely vomit. Okay. Da da da. You, when you write by hand, you overwrite you way, way overwrite. Yeah. Because you just, blah. You're just getting it out there. You're getting it out there. Then after all the, the vomit happens, then you sit down with a typewriter, or then you sit down with a thing and now you take the vomit and you, and you tame it, you massage It, And now you make it. Now you make the sentences work. Mm. And now you, there's more crate. You know, this is a blah. Okay, now you make, and, and now you come up and now you, I mean, now you make it work like a writer.


Now you make the page work. Now you make the sentences work. Mm. Can we stop for a second while we the restroom? Yeah. Let's do, Hey, pause. You have cigars, don't you? Yeah. You want a cigar? Yeah. I Would love cigar. Yeah. Let's have some cigars. Alright. He doesn't do anything fun. I, I Also, I'll love a cigar on Joe Rogan's show. I will have a cigar. Beautiful. He doesn't do anything fun. Oh, that is the truth. You Don't do anything fun. Really. Nothing. Well, maybe I should talk about this. We should talk about it. Maybe I should talk about Are we on? Should I, can I go? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't do anything fun. Don't do anything fun. No. You know, making movies Is fun. Well, That's the fun. Where's The cutter?


I thought it wasn a cutter. That look cool. I was like, is that a cutter or is that bra? Brass. Knuckles. Oh, Cool. What were you saying about fun? I don't do anything fun. Well, You know, after, after what happened to me, I, I, I mean, I should probably tell the whole story and maybe I eventually will here. But You know, I, I went to jail for a DUI related incident that caused manslaughter. And one of my passengers died. And, You know, after that and going to jail and whatnot, I, He's not the funnest guy to get drunk with.


Yeah. I Don't, I I, it's kind of what it is. I, You know, if I go to a party or something like that, I, I don't wanna be seen holding a drink with, You know, even with water in it. I'm teasing him, but I, You know, I get it. Yeah, of course. And who Would, who wouldn't fucking get it? But then you had the fact that he's a vegetarian. I mean, all the, all the Fun shit. You know, all the, You're a vegetarian. Yeah. Why do you do that? Because His wife made him. That happens. That happened to a friend of mine that's, He Sneaks out burgers every now and then. I, I also have a kind of, it's, it's kind of like a, an animal thing.


I had a pig as a, as a pet. And man, when you look at those eyes, those are human eyes. They're, yeah. And You know, I looked into it And it looked into my, I just, I had chickens before that. And You know, You know what it's like Though? Chickens are like cats. You know, they want back scratches and stuff. And I just couldn't, like, after a while I just couldn't do it. Yeah. There's people that are feral. You ever met a feral person? You don't wanna let 'em sleep in your house. Yeah. Right. You met a wild, crazy person. You're in jail. So push that thing up. You had it right. You had it right. Did I? Yeah. This thing right here? Yeah. Push that Up. Send intelligence Down. Look At that. I'm sorry. Push it down. Pull it Down. Yeah. Sorry. Pull it down. Sorry. Hey, I'm digging, I'm digging this. You've, yeah, they're great. Foundation cigar.


Shout out. You've, you've been around feral people, right. You don't want feral people living in your house. You don't, you don't want to take some murderer and, You know, give them your car and let 'em, You know, come and sleep in your room. You know? Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's different. Yeah. I should take you around some wild pigs. No, I've Wild, wild pigs are like little demons. They make, they make like orc Sounds wild. Pigs are wild pigs, You know? I get it. You hear 'em fighting with each other. There are people who are like that also. Yeah, Exactly. That's my point. Point Is you're Talking about boars and everything. Domesticated people are awesome. Yeah. Domesticated people like yourself and myself, we we're fun to be around. We're nice people. We know, You know, we're not gonna rob you. No one's gonna kill you.


It's, there's a difference. What the wild, the wild is way you that. Yeah. It's So, I, I understand that you wouldn't want to eat animals, but they eat each other. Yeah. And it's just this bizarre cycle of life. I think it's, it's where you're getting your animals from. Are you getting your animals from a, a, a like a, these mass factory? Well, That's the other part of, that's the other part of it is I, I think there's a line in Highlander two where Sean Cony says, I don't eat anything that I cannot identify. And that I kind of feel like that as well. Like, I don't have a lot of trust for large industrial.


You shouldn't, shouldn't systems Of, But you can get meat from a, like a farm, You know, like you can get it from a ranch. You, you could go to one of those, You know, they have those, what are those farmer's market type deals? Oh yeah. And you can go meet a rancher and You can buy beef Right from them. I'm, I am not like one of these people who are like, oh, Never, Never. Like, You know, if I am in the right place, in the right environment and the right food is, is there, like if there's a, like if I'm in on, on an island in Greece and the guy comes up from the boat with a basket of fish and which one would you like? Right. Right. I'll take that one. Yeah. You know? Sure. Right. Like, Do you at least eat eggs?


Oh, yeah. Yeah. I eat, eat Eggs. Okay. So I eat eggs. So I Eat eggs like they're going outta style. Yeah. That's good. Eggs. So you're probably getting what you need. Cool. As long as you eat eggs. I tell people like, eggs are free. No one's getting hurt. Especially if you have your own chickens. That's the greatest thing in the world. We have 15 chickens. There's nothing like eggs straight from a chicken. Oh, it's great. But it's nothing Like It Eggs from a chicken also, it's karma free. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like the chickens are having a good time. No one's getting hurt. Like, they're all, they're all like, treated like pets. Like, Hey girls, I love chickens. Well, no, I, no, I would. No, I actually really have, I've always actually thought that an exotic pet would be to have like a chicken, You know, it's like one chicken. Yeah. And just like, treat it like a dog and treat him.


Hey, that's my chicken. He hangs around. You Gotta get a couple of them though. They, they need to have a pecking order. Yeah. They, they like to hang out with each other. I think they do. Geral figured that one out. S Yeah. He Was a chicken farmer. Was He really? Oh yeah. Oh no. Shit. He was a chicken farmer. That's how he, well, let's not worked out all of his policies in the camps. Is he? We shouldn't talk about that. Don't like connect that to chicken farming. It's just, You know, it's like this, the name Adolf. Right. You can't use it anymore. They Can't can't have that little mustache anymore. You can't have that. He can't have a Chaplain. He can't have that cool mustache anymore. Remember Michael and Jordan tried for a little while. Yeah, Mike, that's how competitive that guy is. Like, fuck that. I can, I can wear that mustache. He had a Hitler for a while, I think. I can't make it happen. I'll make it happen. He just decided he was gonna force it through, You know, as far as writing in jail, I'm just thinking about it right now.


One of the other things I had to contend with was they would confiscate anything that I wrote. Oh. So, You know, like once a week or once every two weeks or so, Why would they do it? Wasn it illegal to Write. I was considered a security threat by what I was writing and Oh, Because you were telling me truth about what was going on That. And then when they sent me in, like, I was placed in this like, solitary confinement thing, like in the hole and You know, you're in there and like, I'd never been any, anything like that before in my life. I was thinking this is like fucking guantanamo. Except it made me think about it. I've got due process at least. And so I'm in this like, crazy kafkaesque mechanized, totalitarian environment.


You're in a room where you have no window and the lights are on 24 7. And You know, I don't care what anybody says, you go into a room three days deprived of sound and, and, and the understanding of time. You go crazy after a, You know, after two days, you're insane. They, they broke me after two days. I was like, oh, I'll do some yoga, I'll meditate. No problem. No, after a while, if the lights are on 24 7 and you can't hear it, it's like being inside of a seashell. You go slowly nuts. Is that by design? Oh yeah. Yeah. For sure. It's by design. It's like you're placed into a and, and so about once a week, like in, when I was in population about once a week, the, You know, middle of the night or You know, the lights are down and suddenly the lights come on bright.


The lights are always on, but lights come on bright and suddenly a bunch of guards come rushing in through the doors. You know, they just storm into the, the tank into the, the section. And they pull everybody outta their cells and they strip everybody naked and they put you up against a wall. So you're up there with like, You know, Sancho and You know Leroy and like, everybody's, suddenly you're all, You know, one moment you're being kept separate and next thing You know, you're all naked together standing up against the wall and they're going through everybody's cell and they're just ripping your cell apart, looking for anything. And usually they're looking for tar heroin or a shank or a weapon of some kind or a works or some kind cell phones.


Anything. Like they're looking for anything that's considered contraband. Okay. For me, they were looking at my writing. 'cause when I was in solitary at that time, like literally on kites, a kite is a like a requisition form that you send out to the guards. You're not allowed to talk to the guards. They don't want you to, they don't wanna talk to you. You tell 'em what you want on a kite and then you give them the kite and then they take it off and maybe it gets answered. I'd never had one answered in my life. And so they, they come in, they strip everybody naked. They take all your clothes and they're under the guise of where, You know, we're doing a laundry exchange. And so everybody gets new clothes and you end up with like these big baggy pants and or something too small for you.


And they would look for contraband for everybody. Well, with me, they would look for whatever I was writing because when I was in solitary, I was writing, You know, like maps. I would map the place like a fucking idiot. Like I still was, You know, I'm writing about, oh, Eisenhardt the guard. I saw him watching, You know, like literally saw him watching on a little TV Nazi propaganda, like Triumph of the Will is playing on his TV and he's watching it. Oh, I'm gonna write that down. So they didn't want me writing all my stuff. They were like, that guy is a fucking threat. You get whatever he is written. And So I noticed that whenever I was taken outta my cell to shower, to go to yard to do whatever, that they would come in and just take whatever I had written.


So I learned that they couldn't take or open letters to my attorney. And so, 'cause it's privileged. And so what I would do is I would just write, and then whenever I had to leave my cell, like to go to yard, or if they were raid the cells and taking everybody out and looking for contraband, I would just quickly seal the envelope. I, my writing would go in, You know, I always left it when I was working in the letter to my attorney. And then as soon as they would rate it, I would just seal the envelope and then that would go out and then he would send that letter to my daughter, who would then type up the pages that I was writing. Wow. So that's how I wrote several scripts was like that.


Wow. And yeah, because little, You know, What did you, what did you, you said you read some of Roger's writing when he was in prison. What did you read? You, where did you publish it? I don't remember where I was reading it? Well, was it on Twitter? I had several things. Okay. So first of all, I was placed, I was sentenced to go to a low security, like a country club facility. I went, I went to a low security facility, and I went in there and, You know, you have access to stuff. It's, it's, You know, it's more like a, like a camp almost. And you're there and you, you're incarcerated. But it's, it's a light incarceration almost.


And I had access to a, a cell phone. And So I started tweeting. And these were the early days of Twitter, right. And So I started tweeting. Oh, they found tar heroin. And so, and, You know, pudgy cell, and they dragged him off and oh, they, You know, this happened over here. Oh, they so and so shake so and so, oh, they've rolled up so and so and taken him away. I was like, tweeting this stuff. And this is the early days of Twitter. And Roger Ebert, who was like, at that time, the biggest on Twitter, was following me. And he put me on blast. Like, he, he suddenly decided that he would tell every, and like, all of a sudden one day overnight, like the story kind of went everywhere in the world.


He put you on blast in a positive way. Well, he, he just told everybody that, oh, this is happening. Somebody is Roger Avery Academy award-winning writer is tweeting from jail And it tweeting from behind bars. Did he? But did he have a, at the time now it's like nothing. People do it all the time. People like, I've got a Shook Knight's doing podcasts from bars. I've a friend who's one of those January 6th guys, and he's, he's sends me like tweets all the time. Like he's, you got A friend who was the guy? January 6th is the early days Though. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You got a friend who was a January 6th guy. Well, he is still there. He is like hundreds of days in jail without, without any kind of, without trial, without process.


Yeah. I, I, I mean, tell me if I'm wrong, but like, that's not how it's supposed to be. Is it? It's not how it's supposed to be. You're supposed to have a due process of some kind. Well, especially when you watch the actual footage of how it went down. Oh, I watched it live. Yeah. And there was that, that guy, that Antifa guy waving people in, You know, like moving them in. Yeah. They were moving the, the, the block stockade the blockade things. They were moving 'em out and cops were waving people in. They were opening the doors for people. I want you to think about it this way. In the most heavily armed nation the world has ever known, why would you have an insurrection with no guns? You gotta have guns, machine guns. Those Guys weren't planning on an insurrection.


No. And then you have the factor that there was agents in, in the crowd. And we don't know how many, there's government agents in the crowd that were inciting people to go in. Yeah. That's what they do. And I wanna know who that cop was who shot that woman. Yeah. What about that? Yeah. That the whole thing's crazy. Yeah. It's the whole thing's crazy. And then there's this thing that cops died that, no, no cops got died that day. That's not true. No. The cop who died, he died of a stroke. And I, I believe it was a stroke. A stroke or a heart attack. But, Well, like everything, there's a lot of misinformation being given to us by the mainstream media, but It gets attributed to it. You know, sort of like when, You know, anything happens to anyone four years after the vaccine, they attribute it to the vaccine. Oh, it was probably the vaccine. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It could have been the guy just had a fucking heart attack.


But this guy who was a cop, he did not die there. It was not killed by the protestors. And you watch the video of the, the shaman dude with the fucking buffalo hat. They're walking him around. The cops are Guiding you. Oh yeah. No, they're showing him around. It was, they're guiding him. How would you ever think that that is gonna let you wind up in jail? How would you ever think that if you're an unsophisticated guy who was wearing fucking face paint and you're, you're kind of a kook, which, and you're part of, you think you're part of a movement, which is really scary, You know? Yeah. People get a part of a movement and they fucking Yeah. We're all doing it. And then you've got literal government agents encouraging you to do it, moving barriers, letting you in. They were playing chess and these idiots were playing checkers.


Yeah. That makes sense. That, that, that locked up makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Like, Well, because nobody was doing an insurrection. It wasn't an insurrection. It wasn't an insurrection. Yeah. You don't do an insurrection without weapons. It's, the whole idea is crazy. So they, There was no presumption that there was gonna be any kind of like, that you were gonna get thrown in jail for a thousand days. And so my pal thought by Jake were doing protest. L is, he's been there forever. And every now and then I get a, like, a picture of him. Like he's been into like, look, I deserve to go to jail. That guy doesn't. Right. And most of those guys don't. Yeah. I think it was a bad decision, certainly to go into the capitol. It was a bad decision to smash windows. But I, I wanna know who people had Been smashing things like for a whole year before that. Right.


That's a very good point. Yeah. It's like we were a culture of smashing things at that point. It's also, as soon as you find out that there were government agents that may or may not have incited people to go in the whole thing, fucking changes. Like, what are you trying to do? Are you there to serve and protect? Or is there some other weird shit going on? Because it seems like there is, and no one wants to talk about it. 'cause you don't wanna be that guy. But at a certain point in time, you should be that guy. You should, you should go. What's going on, man? There comes a point when men of good conscience must stand up and, and, and speak out against things that are obviously wrong. Yeah. And that is one of 'em, I think. Yeah. That is one of 'em.


It's a big one. It's a weird one. And, You know, there's all this pushback about Trump getting into office. 'cause he said one of the first things he said was he was gonna release all the January 6th prisoners. Like, how long do you think they should be in there for? Who's, who's opposing this? They should, Who's opposing this be going to trial? Yes. Yeah. You should at least be going to trial. Right. It, it is unconscionable to hold somebody for over a year, two years now. Or like, like two. Well, the thing, I mean, the government has always had a situation where, and we talked about when we did our episode on the Andersonville trial. Yeah. You know, is the one charge that the government can put against you where they don't need direct evidence is conspiracy.


Ooh. If they arrest you for conspiracy, that means they don't have direct evidence. But they don't need direct evidence For conspiracy by the, by the way, when I was Like, just 1, 1, 1 thing. I mean, that's how they got Manson, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's true. Right. All right. Because well, they knew what Manson had done 'cause they were helping 'em. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Well, I believe that too, because chaos. Oh, that the book's one of the best books. Believe me, I I read every books Manson book that there possibly could read. And then I read that when I throw the rest of them away in the fucking trash. Chaos is insane. Yeah. Chaos is just fantastic. And he helped me too, because my, my first ad is a friend of his or Bill Clark. Oh, wow. And when I was writing the, the Once Upon a Time in Hollywood book, I go deeper into the Manson stuff.


And So I had a couple of little questions in my head that I always kind of wanted to know the answer to. So I got Tom's number and I called him up and I was able to ask him some of like, really super, like, direct questions. Yeah. That can really help my book. You know, it's A crazy fucking story, man. Oh, it's, You know, when I was in jail, they, I found out they record everything. They're just constantly recording. And so somebody's in, in there and they're like, man, I'd like to kill that da. Well, that's conspiracy. Oh. And so they'll wait and like, oh, you're about to get out. And like, they'll literally start walking around like, ah, stop. Yeah. Oh God. Remember that thing you said about conspiracy? Let's play that back for you. Oh, God. Or what you said about killing the da. Well that's, you're, you're going away again, you're going back to trial.


That happened a lot. But it's also don't ever Talk. They put guys in your cell to get you talking about shit. Oh Yeah. That happened. That happened right away. That happened right away. Oh. They put informants. They, they're trying to get you to, to incriminate yourself deeper constantly. It's like a, like a fun game. What a fun game. What a fun game to serve and protect. Incriminate you deeper. Well, I, look, I had a, my, I as Quentin will confirm, I have my authority issues. I always, I always have. I always have. I'm suspicious of anyone in power. And you should be. Yeah. It's intoxicating Like this. Okay. So when Roger, okay. Part of the thing on our show, I'm getting back to what Roger's saying.


I'm not changing the subject when we do our show, You know, the thing is, we, when we do our show, we talk about three movies. So I pick three video cassettes. The, The show we're talking about is The Video Archives podcast, which is Yes. Was our second season. Patreon.com/video archives. But the thing is, all right, so it's like, there's like the main movie. Then there's that second movie that's like, kind of like the main movie, but probably you don't know that much about on the some wild exploitation thing that I, You know, this, what the fuck is this? Let's watch it find out. And the one of the things that's about our show is I don't say, Hey Roger, so find these movies and you watch 'em and I'll watch them and we'll get together and we'll do it on the phone too.


While we're No, no, no. We don't do that shit. All right. You know, we, we get together to watch the movies together. Part of It's the experience of being together and watching the movie together through the reason that we watching it through his eyes. The reason we came up with the idea of the show is like when we, when we, when we we reconnected, we started doing what we used to do during The pandemic. Yeah. And then we were sort of like, well, hey, let's come up with a way where we can get paid to do this. All right. You know, so me, Andra, we'll get together and we'll, we'll, we'll watch three movies and sometimes even four. And then we'll get together. Then we have a day off, and then we get together on another day and then we record. And we're always in the room when we do it. But the thing is, when Roger comes over to watch the films, I've kind of learned that it's like the Roger I'm starting, it's three movies we're gonna watch.


I am starting the first movie 20 minutes after you get here. 'cause Roger will just get off on some archaic piece of, of, of, of thing. The earth is Flat. The earth is flat. And the next thing You know, Alright, It's been an hour and 15 minutes later And it was, and you're getting further and further and further away. All right. From the, from the, the, the alchemy we're trying to create with the first movie. So now it's a little in 20 minutes I'm hitting play. That's it. So wrap It up. That's a problem with podcasts. When people come over, sometimes we have some of the best conversations before the podcast. Yeah. Yeah. So now I have to be rude. I'll be like, stop, stop, stop. Let's not talk. Hey. No, you're all good. Come in. Let's come on in. Right on. Yeah. Let's catch that Magic. Yeah.


Yeah. Because you gotta catch it. 'cause it is weird. It's a, it's a weird thing. You know? It's, it's a beautiful thing though, because it's so open. You know, there's no one telling, like, there's no studio people. Oh, no. Yeah. No. I mean, even the idea, I mean, one, the fact, the idea, the idea that this has replaced the talk show, the talk shows that we grew up watching and, and then like those guys were the kings. Yeah. Yeah. The fact that podcasting, I mean, and you're the king of them, but the fact that, that that podcasting has replaced that. But also the fact that anybody that's got something intelligent has got a cool little setup that's got an interesting personality.


And it can, And it can sell, sell an interesting conversation. Theoretically can start a podcast. 100%. Yeah. Yeah. It, the barrier to entry is so low. Like, think about the barrier to entry when you wanted to be a director. Oh God. Jesus. It's fucking crazy. Not only, not only that, You know, like the old days of television, You know, like Desilu, we own our content. Like you own your content. Yeah. And nevermind that it's a podcast. I'm okay with that. I like the, the fact that this is something where for the first time in my life, at least I'm involved with something where there is nobody else. It's me and Quentin who decide everything. Yeah. And You know, if, if Quentin wants to do it, we go there. If I wanna do it, we go there.


Well, I talked to Quentin. If Quentin allows it, we go there. It it, I mean, basically what we're doing is the same thing we used to do. That's true. Video store. We do what we used to do at the video store. We're talking about movie when It's completely terrible. I I, I have the kill switch. But other than that, No, no, no. I didn't mean it like that. I never used the kill switch. But the kill switch is always there. No, no, not really. Not really. Well, I guess theoretically, but You know what, but you want, you want a theoretical sort of damn clean over your head. You know, most Times when you've used the kill switch, you've used it on your own. I used it on myself. Yeah.


Yeah. You used it on yourself. You actually haven't used it like, on any of my things that I've wanted to do, which is really cool. But basically we're doing the same thing we used to do. We used to sit around and talk about movies. And so during the pandemic, You know, Quentin called me up and we hadn't talked for, I mean, we had bumped into each other. We Bumped into each other a few times. But, but we hadn't really, we had had a little bit of a, We had a falling Out. We had a falling out. And I, I call it a sort of a business related falling out. And maybe if I had been a little more mature, I was young as a filmmaker and probably unprepared to deal with the complexities of agents and attorneys and Hollywood and money and fame and the press and the press's agenda and, and all of that.


I was just approaching it like, I am a SoCal, gen X punk filmmaker. It wasn how I approached it. I'm gonna do whatever the fuck I want to do. I'm gonna make the movie that I wanna make. And I, with that attitude of, You know, I know what I want and I know what's right and nobody can tell me I'm wrong Because you have to be a little bit of a mega maniac to be a director. You have to be willing to say, no, I'm right. Even when everyone is telling you you're wrong. Yeah. And is that how Joker two got made? I like Joker two. I like Joker two. I know you did. Yeah. I like Joker Two Also. I haven't seen it. I'm just fucking around. I'll defend Joker two. Yeah. I'll, I'll defend the movie as well. Well, to watch It. Not that I need more fucking press on that.


I can't wait to watch it and then talk to you about it afterwards. Because Tim Di said it is the worst fucking movie that's ever been made. And he's in it. Well, You know, I can Well, that may have colored his perception though. Oh. But Tim thinks everything sucks. It's Like, It, the beauty of Tim, no matter what everybody's saying is amazing. Like, Tim loves to talk shit about Austin. I gotta tell you, I, the funniest thing that I've heard for a while on YouTube when I was listening to you guys talk is, I, I, he's a guy I ever really listened to his show or anything like that. He's fucking brilliant. But when he was on your thing, talking about the election and when he described Tim Walt as like, well that guy just, that guy's a goofball.


He just should be at a county fair eating hot dogs. I laugh for 15 minutes and, and played it back about three different times. 'cause I thought it wasn such a funny comment. He's always funny. He said, it sounds like Kamala Harris is doing voodoo curses. She's doing gypsy curses. He said that's, he speaks in gypsy curses And he always does this show with these fucking crazy glasses on. Like, that's his new thing. Have you ever watched his show? It's the best because it's literally just him ranting and a producer and the rant, the ability to rant as, as a singleton operator, as a fucking lone person out there without anybody to bounce ideas off of is a rare talent.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And he's the best at it I've ever seen Bill Burr's really good at it as well. Yeah. But Tim Dylan is the best at it I've ever seen. He's so fucking good at it. And he's just basically performing to one person who's his producer. Yeah. And he is just ranting. And so because of that, he's got this crazy muscle that he's developed from years of doing that where he just rants about all these different things. But it's fucking brilliant. I like ranting. Oh yeah. Clearly both as You know who Doesn't. Well, that's the great thing about you guys doing a podcast together. What I was gonna get to is like, in the beginning, You know, you're talking about replacing the talk show. Well, fucking you guys replaced and Ebert Right. Because, and That's what we wanna do. Thank You. Thank you. They're gone. That It wasn actually the agenda that Quentin proposed to me.


Well, Both those guys are gone. You know what I love watching is videos of like outtakes of those guys like bitching at each each other, bitching At each other. Yeah. Yeah. They fucking hated each other. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They were so shitty to each other. Yeah. And then they had to be smiley and what a bullshit way to live. Do you remember when Vincent Gallo wished testicular cancer on Roger Ebert? And then he got it. Oh wow. Do You remember that? Okay. I do. Well, cancer the Mouth Now you bring it up. Yeah. Right. Like, he lost his jaw. Like did, to remove his jaw bone. It wasn Vincent Gallo cursing it onto Oh, Voodoo. Really? He apologized after you. Oh my God. I didn't, I think He, Well I think It was after, well that might have, After Roger Bert said that Brown Bunny was the worst film to ever play in the history of con film photos.


That's exactly what happened. And then he went and he, he cursed him. And then the curse came true. And then he regretted I talked to me, he was like, I wish I had never done that. It's crazy if it really worked. That movie, brown Bunny, I wanted to talk about that because I've always thought it's so strange that we can show violence, but we can't show sex. And I know they tried to do that with, like, you ever see the lines outside the movie theater when Deep Throat came out? Oh, Yeah. Carson was in line. Yeah. Yeah. Johnny Carson went to see Deep Throat in a public s theater. Oh, Crosby, I Heard, I heard stories about Ben Crosby arrived at midnight at the, 'cause people didn't know what they were seeing yet. It hadn't been defined as a genre. There was Nudie movies that people watched as stag parties.


And there Were, and there, there was that little moment in 73 where there was porn porno chic. Yeah. You Know, well, Stallone did Italian Stallion. Yeah. But, but that wasn't a popular thing. This was, and everyone had to kind of see it and, and like, oh, hey, maybe this will be a thing. Right. Right. Right. Maybe this will be a thing now that like, You know, You know, You know, one or three or four porno movies will come out every year. That'll be like, kind of considered like real movies, You know? Right. The couples will go see. Yeah. And it wasn a whole thing was promoting the idea of couples going to see A porn film, Either porno films or just heavily erotic movies.


Right. You know, like for sexy, for sexy nights. Yeah. Not like Travis. Not like how Travis Bickle does it. No, no, no. It's a sexy night. Now we're gonna go, we're gonna have a sexy night. We're gonna go out and see, and then we'll go home and we'll take care of business. Right. Yeah. But, And it Didn't, didn't really happen. But there was this hope in the early seventies that that could happen. Yeah. But it's fascinating that it didn't happen. Because what I was gonna get to is like, violence we don't have any problem with. But we all agree that consensual sex is way better than someone getting shot in the face. But people get shot in the face in movies constantly. You see heads explode and arms getting lopped off. Bread and butter, game of Thrones, bread and butter. It's constant.


I think It's actually gone too far. I think, I mean, this can be from me. Well, it's not that violence has gone too far. It's that meaningless violence has gone violence without purpose almost. And I started to recognize this during Walking Dead, but really Game of Thrones though. You mentioned Game of Thrones. Like, I loved Game of Thrones at first. And then I started realizing, wait a minute, like they're getting off on me, falling in love with characters. And then the moment I've fallen in love with a character, suddenly they're vi dissecting their genitals. You know, it's like, and then the cycle begins again. You fall in love with a different character. But if you, and then they're killing them and they're just doing it like statistically because there's like, there's nowhere to go other than that.


They're, they're just pushing the ceiling higher and higher Sort of. But also, if you were living in that world, that would be reality. Nobody lived forever and became the hero of the fucking movie. There's no heroes back then. Everybody's getting gutted. There's, they're getting usurped. They're thrown into A dungeon, You know, People getting fed to, and you're out, You're outta the Picture now. It's just, you're getting eaten by dogs and This real Yeah. And now you have to fight for the next five years against the rats. Yeah. They're in the fucking dungeon with you. But Television, at least the television I grew up with, was all about like, the familiarity of returning to the characters you love. Yeah. But there was plenty of characters and you did get to return to the ones that stuck around and didn't get their heads locked off. I just wish They killed other characters. But lemme tell anyone else then.


I love that. Lemme give, Lemme give you another, lemme give you another example. My, everyone talks about how great television is now, and it's, it's pretty good. I gotta say it's pretty good, but it's still television to me. And what's the difference between, what's the difference between television and a good movie? Because a lot of the tele tv now has the patina of a movie. All right. It, it, they're using cinematic language All right. To get you caught up in it. And, and, and, and, and obviously I'm talking about good shows. We're talking about shows that you're Ozark, we're they shows that you're compelled to watch.


Right. Right, right. All right. And so, okay, so, okay, I'll use an example of a show. I'll use Yellowstone. I didn't really get around to watching Yellowstone the first three years or so. And then, then I watch, like the first season, I go, wow, this is fucking great. I've always been a big Kevin Costner fan. He's fucking wonderful in this. All right. And I got really caught up in the show and everything, and all of a sudden I'm having a good time. And You know, I've got a couple seasons I haven't seen. So I'm watching it. And, and in the first season I'm kind of talking about, oh, this is like a movie. This is like a big movie. It's like a big movie. And the guy, the guy who writes that It is a good writer, that's a good, like punchy monologues and stuff. So then I end up watching like, three seasons of it.


And then I even watched that like 1883, where, oh, this is like a good western show. I like westerns. But then After I've watched like two or three seasons, or one season of 1883, look why I'm watching it. I am compelled, I'm, I'm caught up in it. But at the end of the day, it's all just a soap opera. They've introduced you to a bunch of characters. You actually kind of know all their backstories, You know, everybody's connection with everybody else. And, You know, they spend some time selling that out. And then everything el then everything is just the com is the compellingness of the soap opera. Right. Of what's happening to this Charact character. What's different between that in a, in a film?


Well, I'll tell you, I'll tell you. Because the thing is, if you wa, if you watch Edge of Night Monday through Friday, you get caught up in the dramas of the, the family and everything. Right. But you don't remember it five years from now. You're caught up into the minutiae of it at the moment. All right. So the, the difference between is, is I'll see a good Western movie and I'll remember it for the rest of my life. I'll remember the story, I'll remember this scene or that scene. And it, it built, it built to an emotional climax of some degree. And, You know, one, the story is good. It's not just about the interpersonal relationships. The story is good itself, but, but, but there's a payoff to it.


But there's not a payoff on this stuff. It's just more inter interconnection drama. And while I'm watching it, that's good enough. But when it's over, I couldn't tell you. I can remember who the bad guy was in the first season of Yellowstone, Because it was Danny Houston. I remember him in it, but I don't remember any of the, the, the, the details of it. And I don't remember any of the bad guys for season two or season three. It's outta my head. It's just completely outta, and same thing with 1883, the, when I watched the whole thing and it wasn like a, that seemed like a movie except I don't remember I Sam Elliotts. But the only thing I really remember of it when it was finished, but now Red River, I remember for the rest of my life Isn't that though, because it's a different thing, right?


Because when you go to a film, film is, is designed for one sitting, you sit down in the theater, you're gonna get the entire encapsulation. What happens to these characters in two? Okay. I'll give you an example of the one that is more than a soap opera. And you'll, and, and here's the difference. Okay? Here's the difference. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You could say that. Look, they're in the soap opera business, but I'll tell you one that's not Okay. If you watch that first season of, now here's one that worldly works like a movie. If you watch the first season of Homeland Oh, yeah. That first season of Homeland. Yeah. First season's incredible. Okay. Yeah. Very good. So when he gets to that final episode of the first season, and he's got the suicide vest on.


Yeah. Yeah. And he's in the room, he can kill the guys that he's been waiting for to do it for the whole movie. And you don't want him to die, but you're kinder into him and you kind of want him to pull it off. And then his daughter calls him on the phone before he does it. She doesn't know what he's gonna do, but she gets that little sense from him that something's weird. She goes, daddy, you, you need to tell me that you're gonna come home right now. You need to tell me right now that I will see you later tonight. And the entire series has been built to this scene. And it's one of the most emotional scenes I've ever seen in, in a movie, in a TV show I've ever seen drama.


The first season was great. I've ever seen dramatized. Now it wasn a movie. Right. It wasn not a soap opera. I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying. That built to this moment of him being in that fucking room with the suicide vest on. Mm. And and, and there was complexity. She doesn't know what she's asking, but we do. Right. She's stopping this major thing, and she'll never know that, but we do. Right, right, right. And he's still committed. That's, but he's more committed to her and we know that. Mm. That's just great shit. That's a movie. Right. And you can't, can you do that every week? No, I didn't say you can do it every week, but I'm saying, You know, I'm, When the season's over, I need to walk away.


Right. With more than just the soap opera Oh, an impactful moment. Exactly. Now, I don't expect you to do that every week, but at the end of the arc Mm. If you're telling a continuing story right at the end of that fucking season, you need to bam, drop the mic. Yeah. You Need to tell me a fucking story. Not just.dot, dot, dot dot. I see what you're saying. And look, while I'm watching it, I'm not asking for that. But the fact that it all just goes away disappears. Right. Once it's over. Right. And it's just sand on the beach. Right. It's a different thing though, right? I mean, this is the weirdness, The weirdness of wait, here's it's experience versus home.


Well, here, here's where it's not a different thing. Part of the thing that makes it different is the fact that everyone's watching these continuing stories. Continuing stories. Continuing stories. Okay. If it, if it were, if it were Bonanza, where it's just a setup story, Charles Bronson shows up, he's a half breed Indian, and he is working at the Ponderosa for a while, and he gets involved in a, in, in an adventure. And then that at the end, it's, it's, it's done. Well on that show, you, you have the, the episodes that are maybe not so good or episodes are, they're, are, are, whatever, they're treading water. It's not one continual story. But then you, but then you'll have this great episode with Charles Bronson. Yeah. Or they have a great episode with, with James Ho Well, They're, they're almost standalone.


So, and, and, And Oh, that could, that could have been a movie. Yeah. They could have expanded that to a movie. Right. There's standalones instead of just a long ongoing Story. Yeah. Well, the difference is is that that's, that's Episo It's long ongoing story. It's a long on ongoing story that leads to the soap opera aspect. Wells it's episodic. And television now has become completely serialized. Yeah. Yeah. And so, You know, somebody's going in and they're pitching their show even a really, really good show like Deadwood. Okay, Deadwood, I know what they, they probably went in, they pitched, and what they knew that they were gonna make was the, was it Wild Bill? Yeah. The Wild Bill Story. And they've got Carradine and like, and they know that story and that show is fantastic as long as they're telling that story, which is like six to eight episodes.


Once he's gone, I don't think they had a plan. They, it wasn what they pitched. And it was like they pitched a movie, spread out over a number of episodes, but by that point, but it wasn't even the full season. Yeah. But by that point in time, they have, now they have all the town characters. Well, they've Got everybody. But I, but I would maintain that for the rest of Deadwood after Kaine's gone. It's just things are happening. Stuff is happening. But I don't remember anything about that show other than the Town. And, You know, the, the various actors that I liked and on, on the show, and, but really all they had was those first six to eight episodes. I can't remember what exactly what it was. And the thing, and the thing about it is, I'm not, I don't say all this, and the sum up of it all is it's useless.


It is very compelling while I'm watching it. Yeah. But it just doesn't compare to a movie real story that is, that, You know, that stays with me for the, for the rest of my life in some cases. Right. I know what you're saying. And Like, You know, like, we'll, we'll watch a lot of, You know, I try to watch at least one movie every episode that I haven't seen. And sometimes it's like, well, I haven't seen it since I was 12. Yeah. You know, or I haven't seen it since. Those are Actually the scariest ones to watch, because if you loved something when you were young, it's almost a Little Oh. And I'm expecting not to, I'm tougher on stuff now than I used to be. Yeah. All right. I, I, You know, it was a big champion about stuff. Now I'm not such a champion now I see all the problems with it. Alright. But I'll watch something that I haven't seen since I was 22 and I saw it like the day it opened.


And I, You know, and I, I watch, You know, I, I watch it again. I think I just lost my train of thought. Okay. Well actually I can jump in really quick if you want. You know, one, one, That's why I'm talking like, I'm stoned and I'm not Well, Cigar Strong Cigars. Yeah. Strong cigars. One of the movies we saw that we had seen a million times, and we didn't even think that it was gonna be anything was dressed to kill. Yeah. Okay. Lemme set this up a little bit. Yeah. Set it up and then you take it up. Yeah. Yeah. All right. It was one of those things where we were doing a thing, a special episode with Eli Roth. We were taking, You know, the Italian jello thrillers and thing. Okay. What are the American versions of Jello thrillers? And we figured out there was like four of them. And one of them was dressed to kill Michael Kane.


Yeah. And so, so we get together with, with Eli and we're gonna watch these four movies. And then it comes down to Dress to Kill. And it's like, God, I mean, I can't even think about how many times I've seen Dress to Kill hundreds. I can't even think how many times he's seen it and how many times that Eli's seen it. I mean, we're just huge Brian De Palmer fans and Nancy Allen fans and everything. So it like, how many fucking times? And So I almost, almost brought up, I mean, do we even need to watch Dress to Kill? I mean, we, we've got, we, We had a little Congress about it. We've got three movies. No. Okay, well let's just watch it. We'll just watch it. That ended up being one of the greatest screenings of Dress to Kill I've ever seen. Alright. Was in that, in our living room, in my living room watching it with On d vhs, On vhs, on VHS Pan and Scan.


All right. The Old Wonder Brothers video, because we watch 'em on ca, we, we watch 'em on the actual video cassettes of video archives. All right. Literally the tape that we used to rent and handle and shuffle and put back and forth into the drawers and then rent to customers. And that has been sitting on the shelves with the number on it and everything for the Computer. We've seen the movie a bunch of times, but something about watching it with the three of us and then just sitting there and it's so good. But, but, but, but, but it was Roger who was adding to it. It was Eli. It wasn adding to it through their eyes and I was adding to them. Yeah. You know, and like, we just had this like, appreciation for the movie, watching it with the three of us in this situation. The fact that we even considered not even watching it was just like sacrilege.


And we saw things in it that we had never seen before. It wasn the other thing. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, I saw things in during that screening because of, because of feeling watching the movie with you guys that I had never thought about before. And So it opened up all sorts of avenues. And, You know, most frequently you watch a movie and it's, it doesn't live up. I'm afraid to watch movies again. You know, a lot of the time it wasn just one of those happy incidences where the movie really lived up. It, it, it, it stayed strong even when we'd seen it hundreds. So Sometimes I know, I mean, you could not, it'd be hard to pick a movie that I've seen as much as Jessica.


Yeah. Yeah. See, this is the better version of Cisco and Ebert. This is exactly what I'm talking about. The completely unproduced uninfluenced version. Well, I, I told Roger that when we finished the first season. I go, You know, Roger, if we do this the right way in three or four years time, we could be considered like Cisco and Eva. A hundred percent. Yeah. It's, it's just a matter of getting it out there. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's just a bunch of people that aren't aware of it yet. They will come. Yeah. Oh wow. Build it, build It, build it. And they will come. What I love about the way we're doing it, 'cause our first season we just, You know, we just put it out and, and we had a partner with SiriusXM back then and this season, You know.


Yeah. They kind of went out of business in their own for their podcasting thing a little bit. Oh, did they? I think, well they, they Pandora now, right? Yeah. Yeah. They kind of turned into a different thing. They just changed their whole big podcast deal with the caller daddy chick. Yeah. Yeah. I think they did. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess they're trying to get back into it. Some other people as well. One Of those, they paid us a lot of money to do it and like, we actually did pretty good for like our little archaic little movie Yeah. Show that goes on about two hours. It's Aing a niche niche type. Yeah. And, and we, we, You know, can you guys do jaws? No, we don't wanna do jobs, But that's the best part of it. Do whatever the fuck you want to do. Well, that's exactly it. But the thing is, they were like, so we actually had about like 2 million listeners, which was like, Hey, it wasn pretty good for us, for us doing our little stupid movie show That's awesome.


About VHS and it's all about VHS, it's about the VHS and we're talking About the box art of VHS Tapes. We're talking the box art. We watch the film, we talk about the trailers that are in front of the movie. All right. We talk about the transfer. By the way, the movie VHS is one of my guilty pleasures. That's a good Thought. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's a good Movie. The one with the, the, the the devil lady. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She turns into a devil. The Three, four different stories or three different stories. Yeah. But that one is worth it. Just sit through the other three for that one. The Devil lady was fucking amazing, But I think they were expecting us to, to do like a Jaw Citizen Kane. They were gonna do like Dak Shepherd kind of numbers, like Right, right, right. Well, We're never gonna do that with what we are doing. Right, right, right.


Yeah. And, You know, and so we're talking, But you could though people want to see it. They wanna listen to it. It's just a matter of just it biting. They'll, they'll realize they wanted it once they hear it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what it is. It's like, oh, we want 'em to only talk about Citizen Kane now then. No, no, no. It's gotta be whatever the fuck they actually want to talk about. But what we, then you'll learn about that movie that you never heard about. Maybe you go see it and then you'll have a deeper appreciation of why these guys love movies. But one of the things it wasn interesting when we did it, when we, okay. So when we made our deal, we're thinking, okay, well maybe we'll do it here for two years and we own the show, and then we want to take it to Patreon so we don't have to do commercials. Right. Okay. And then when I did commercials, I did it with A-A-A-A-A-A seventies DJ announcer voice.


All right. Because I felt like such a sellout that I'm not gonna do it in my voice. Right. You Know? That's funny. And I, I Literally, the do the, the Dotson seven fifties coming and it's coming soon, You know, and I, I did like the, the real Don Steele, it wasn my whole thing. Did I get like the real Don Steele? I Just did those readings like myself. And people started commenting on Twitter. They were like, man, Roger Ry


ZipRecruiter can fill your, can fill your placement in a quick week. I like every, some people even Get in the first week, they get qualified candidates only on ZipRecruiter dot com.


Look, I like solo stoves, they're great. But like, I found myself doing like, You know, stainless steel ads basically, and talking about solo stoves and suddenly people on Twitter were saying, Roger Avery, we'll sell you sour milk from a sick cow.


I was like, well, I dunno if I wanna like behill stuff like that anymore. Well, you just have to only approve the ads that you wanna do. Like, I, I approve ads. I don't like just let them. Yeah. Yeah. Give me every ad. I'm like, I can't do this one. Well, we, and I say it all the time, but Our thing, our Think, we're not even under that kind of pressure now. Yeah. Yeah. The thing about it was, that's good. I thought, but that would be kind of cool. It, You know, is look, if we go to page when we'll lose a whole bunch of, we we'll use, we'll lose a whole bunch of listeners, but, You know, we will put a, we put a 40 minute version of the show out there for free. You know, but if you want to get the whole show, then you've gotta like, You know, you, you gotta subscribe. And if you just describe, you get the show, if you pay, if you pay $5, you get our show, boom, boom.


And if you pay $8, then you get an extra special show that we do. And we're going to, There's a still a truncated version of it available for everybody to listen to you. Like the first part of it. Yeah. Come for the rest. But the thing is though, is what I like, You know, and some people are sort of like, fuck those guys. And I think, well, okay, fine. And look, I get it. I'm the guy that, I'm the guy that would've in my twenties would, You know, like go to happy hour at the bar, all right. And nurse a beer while I ate all the pizza and the chicken wings, everything. And it wasn my dinner. Yeah. Right. So I get that, You know, and by the way, You know, if you would've like, wait till the end of our season and then join for a month and listen to all of our shows that way you can, that's an easy way to do it. You can get everything for free for a month.


You can get everything you want in a month. But that's not who we're doing it for. We're doing it for the people who care about the show and are subscribing to it. And those people, those are our audience. Right. And then they write on the message board and we write them back. And like, so we're doing it for those people. And as long as we can make enough to just do the show, right. We're Cool. Right. And the general feeling is, wow, this is like a $5 film school. Because you've got a couple of guys talking about movies and talking about how to watch movies, how to appreciate films, how to read a film, and then, And hopefully just, and hopefully just genuinely compelling discussions And, and using our experience as filmmakers to discuss even, You know, deeper into the movies and to, to better understand them.


And, You know, it's, it largely something has happened in culture where people, they don't know how to argue anymore politely. They don't know how to like, enjoy an argument with each other before. And so Quentin and I, we don't have to like the same movie, just like Cisco and Ber didn't have to Like It, but You know, we can argue about something and then afterwards it's like, okay, let's go do karaoke now. You know, it's, It's not, it's not a, it's not a recommend show. We wanna pick three movies and we want to discuss them. Yeah. And you don't have to Like It to discuss It, even if we don't like the movie. If, if there's an interesting thi if there's an interesting point of discussion about it.


Well, that's good. That's all, that's all we need. We just need an inter we need an interesting, an interesting con conversation Yeah. That we have about this. It's not about, it's not about we recommend you watch this movie. Right. Personally, I don't care if anybody watches any of the movies that we talk about. I want 'em to listen to the show and enjoy, enjoy our back and forth And get to understand how you appreciate Movies. Yeah. If you wanna go out and and check the movies out afterwards, fine, go ahead. But I don't care if you do or not. And we have a really like dedicated group of people who have come and they've signed up and they like, like, I really, what's funny is I really care about these people now. It's like they're there and they're like in the club. It's like a clubhouse. Yeah. Yeah.


And the people who wanna be there want to be there. And they're talking and they're talking, they're on a message board with Quentin. And You know, all Eli is, Eli Roth is there, and Edgar Wright. Like, everybody's like, and so it's a, we wanted to create a a something, it wasn like video archives. And I wanted, and that people could come in and talk And I want at least one of the three movies, not every week, but at least I want, they're not easy to find. I wanna come up with like, well that's not streaming anywhere. How am I supposed to get this? Well, it's on VH s, you know, get a VHS recorder and buy it on eBay. All right. You know, and now all of a sudden that little group is like, well, maybe we can buy a, hey, maybe if we buy a VHS and then we can, we will burn it and we can trade it with everybody else.


And now they're all doing the work to do that. Well, good. My daughter Gala is one of our producers on the show. And, and she's on the show with us. And one of her things is like, we get together and we watch the movies at video archives, and then we know the films. And then she has to, she doesn't have that access. She doesn't have access. The, she, she's not there with us and she doesn't Have access. She re she represents one of our, one of the people out there. She's gotta find it. So if Quentin finds something that's, You know, pretty difficult to find, she's gotta track it down. And she usually has a little timetable to do it on. Yeah. Yeah. And she kind of is doing her proof of concept on you can get these, you can find these, she'll find it on vhs, find it, however. Yeah. She explains how she tracked it down. And so, and you can follow her, her guide.


If it's on YouTube, she'll tell you it's on YouTube. However, When she goes, Quentin, I just couldn't track this one down. I go, I'm like, yes. Yeah. I think that's the real reason. He likes to do the show. That's right. Eat shit. Gotcha, Gotcha. Is everything, is everything on YouTube now. A lot. A lot of things. A lot of things. Not everything, but a lot of things. A lot of things. A Lot of things. Yeah. There's some certain things you can't find on YouTube still. And if it's up there and it's not there, it'll be up again somewhere. Yeah. It's like Whack-a-Mole. Right, right, Right. It's like Whack-a-Mole. There was the Gore Vidal film, the Transsexual movie.


Oh yeah. With Raquel Welch. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh, we watched that. We hadn't, we didn't do an episode on it, but I have the video of that. We watch it. I have a Myra Breckman. I like that movie. Yeah. It's a crazy movie. Well, the idea, She only fucks the guy in the ass. That's the best fucking scene. Oh yeah. She fucks the guy in the ass. That is the best fucking scene. It's pretty wild. The idea. I I liked that movie so much. I, I read the book afterwards 'cause I thought that, I thought it was such so cool. Okay. I Never liked Rex Reed and I am not gay, but I was actually like, wow, Rex Reed's kind of hot in this. Well, that's what he was trying to do. Yeah. He, it wasn a whole movie. You did it Go Videll was trying to turn you gay. Can you gimme that lighter? Yeah, yeah, Sure. That, that's one of those weird ones.


It's difficult to find. I had to buy a DVD to get it. Oh, well I like that light. The light she has that keeps building up to it. She goes, what you actually gonna finally show her pussy? She goes, well, it looks like the moment of truth has finally arrived. I think Raquel was just fantastic in that movie. Did You ever see those debates that Go Vidal did with William F. Buck? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Are they almost legendary fist fights? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Incredible. Yeah. But this is, You know, you used to be Go Vidal always won Though. Oh yeah. Well, he was just, well, he was right and he was better. Yeah, He was right. And he's better. Yeah, He was right. But then you have Go Vidal fighting with fucking Norman Mailer.


Yeah. What were they fighting about? Oh no, just they'd get on the, they they, they get him on like the Dick Katt show together. Dick Kat, You know, he would talk to him like a poncy bastard and the other one would talk to him like a Neanderthal. I'm sure they had dinner afterwards. Like, ha ha ha. What? Just, you used to be able to have those kind of conversations on television, which is really fascinating. Yeah. It's like now they exist in podcasts, You know, and like the Cisco and Ebert thing went up, which I was talking about. I was like, you can't manufacture a friendship. Yeah. Yeah. And one of the, and you can't manufacture a real interest, you can't be a guy who was a local news reporter who auditioned for the role of the guy who reviews movies. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know Exactly what You mean. Completely. It's like this thing that you guys have is what, this is, the whole new media movement is based on authenticity.


Right. And this is like the whole thing that you want people to not be able to find these movies. You want to just review movies that you want to review. And that's the beautiful thing about it. Yeah. It's like the perfect show in that regard. Like for a film review show or a film discussion show, it's the perfect show. And also when a customer used to come into the store, they had basically three requirements. I want something that's new. It wasn always the first one that's good that I haven't seen yet. And I was like, well, if it's, if you haven't seen it yet, it's new to you. So that takes care of two of those. Yeah. And no, we don't have that new one, but let's show you something interesting. And So it was always a matter of, You know, Well, the thing is, one of the things that like, and there's a lot of movie, there's a lot of movie shows out there on, on podcasts and they talk about stuff.


And the idea isn't for me to just say, oh, we're better than all those guys. We're not coming from that, that place. But I'll tell you what bugs me about a lot of the other shows is the fact that the people are sincere. They're completely sincere, but Their film knowledge is fucking abysmal. They really don't know what the fuck they're talking about. And, and especially when they're trying to like, talk about movies from like the seventies or something. Well, they, they were usually born in the eighties, so they don't know what something was like when it opened up. And they don't really have any context. Right. They don't, they, they definitely don't have context. That's what they don't have. Right. They don't have context.


They just know whatever they've learned along the way. And so they just yank stuff outta their ass and just, and, and, and say stuff that's just wrong a lot. They're just misinformation a lot. We actually fact check our shit, You know, we, we, we rerecord it all right. To make sure that we just don't yank shit out of it. And we do. There is a little bit of yanking stuff outta your, your ass, but when I'm not sure about it, we look it up and then if it's, if I'm wrong, then we change it. Well then also there's the fact that You can count on what we're saying, that we're telling you the truth, fucking shit we're giving you. I, I consider it as, I consider it as a film expert that, that, that I would be, I, I I I, my shit, my show wouldn't be worth listening to if I don't give, if I don't tell you the truth.


Right. If I don't give you factual information that you can count on. Well, so Because you were there during the opening of the film and, You know, were, I can describe the Context. Yeah. Yeah. We, we have the context to talk about a lot of these people, they maybe didn't see these movies and, and the in theaters. And the thing is, You know, it, it's like, You know, my, my writing guru as far as like film writing, but I think writing in general was the New Yorker film critic Pauline Kale. And she had one, one rule, and I, one rule for, for film criticism. And I think this applied to all writing. She goes, you have to give the reader a compelling reason to read your writing.


It's just, it's that fucking simple. It's that there has to be a compelling reason for you to engage in reading analysis. And the same thing about talking about cinema. You have to give a compelling reason now. Yeah. I like the guys. That's, that's, that's, that's that. That's a good start. I like their personality. I think they're kind of funny. That's a, that's a good start. But there has to be something more than that. Mm. Well that's what's more than that. What you just did this passion for it, right? Yeah. That's what's more than that. Yeah. It's this, this like severe commitment to it. That's, that's what's exciting. And then when we talk about the movies, You know, we talk about everything that's good about 'em. We talk about the things that, that aren't good. Right. Honest. Yeah. Very honest. Yeah.


That's, and, and, and, and I can be wrong. I mean, I can, I I don't have to be right about it. My mind, you Might be wrong about the Joker. I'm not sure. Yeah. See you. It's audacious. It's audacious Because you haven't even seen it. If you, You know, you're just shit jumping on a fucking bandwagon. I'm just talking shit. Talking shit. I'm Just trying to wind you up talking shit. I'm just trying to wind you up. Sorry, what, what's like a, an example of a film that you love that other people hate other than the Joker? I dunno if I loved it, but, okay. I liked it a lot or, well, there's, I have a ton of those. As a matter of fact, now this I have, I, I have. So, I have so many.


But, but when I was younger, particularly, I was the champion of like the movie that everyone that all the critics put down and said was the fiasco. And I wanted to Is it because you're contrarian Can I guess? Yeah. Yeah. Is it Ishtar? Well, You like Defend Defended Ishtar I defended in 19 41, 1. He Was, he was like one of the champions of Ishtar. I champion Ishtar. I championed in 19 41, 1 Pushing that tape on so many customers. Yeah. How many of 'em came back angry? No, It's A funny movie. It's a funny movie. Is it really? Well, The problem with Ishtar, and we were talking about this a little bit earlier. The problem with Ishtar is that it suddenly became, not about the movie, but about the production.


Yeah. Yeah. And so people had formed an opinion about whether they Like It or not, Because it was so expensive. Because it was expensive. It's like, that is the, it doesn't change your ticket Price. No. That is the kiss of death if you feel like a, a film is over budgeted. Well, Especially comedies. Yeah. Like, it's like, it's like critics, critics have a, have a thing about like, You know, spending a lot of money on comedies. It seems obscene to them. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. What happened with this film? Like what, where'd the budget go south? Well, Where the, where the budget kind of went south for the most part, was the fact that like, Warren Beatie and Dustin Hoffman kind of like had their full freight on the movie. So Dustin Hoffman got his high big salary. Warren Beatty got his high, big salary.


And so now, and all The accoutrements that go with it and Everything that goes with it, I need a plane to fly me back from Morocco to New York every weekend. Oh, I'm sure. No, no, he's just making that up. I'm making that Up. But that's not unrealistic. But It's not unrealistic. It, it would be like if when they did, during the time when they did Char Tom Hanks was famous, but he wasn't the superstar that he is now. Right. Alright. So if that had starred Tom Hanks and Peter Sk, like the two guys from Bosom Buddies Yeah. Well then, then that movie would've, it would've been, it would've cost a lot less. And it would've been just as funny. Those guys were terrific together. And they would've been really good in that role. And the film would've been seen for what it is. Yeah. Hmm.


When, when a film does get labeled as a bloated film though, that that's, that is the kiss of death. It kind of is. Yeah. Because the general public will turn on it then. Yeah. They want it To fail. But You know what, you generally, you give those movies a couple of years and suddenly they're like these amazing movies, water World that like, oh my, well, water World's a pretty fun film. Shut the fuck up. I Kind of have a great time watching What Waterworld was the first laser disc I ever bought's that in Days Thunder. I bought the, here's, Here's one you can't defend, Kevin Costner's, the Postman. I Never saw The Postman. I Like the idea of the Postman. I remember the screenplay for The Postman was great. The idea that, Like, I never saw The Postman, but I've, I I actually like Kevin Co I love, I think, I think Dances With Woods is one of the best movies made.


Oh, Kevin Costner's fucking, Fucking awesome. I love that dude. Yeah. But you're right about the postman. I've, it's hard to defend. I'm not saying he's right about it because I've never seen it, but now that says something that I've never seen it, but Yeah. But I wouldn't mind seeing it. And I'll bet you I Like It. Yeah. But then there's films that are so bad, they're great. Like Showgirls, I love Showgirl. Showgirls Is fucking, I Can defend. Oh, showgirl. There's nothing wrong with Show Girls. I Can, I can absolutely defend, I can defend It as an entertainment piece. I, I, I, look, I am not as so bad as Good guy. Okay. This, I'm not a so bad cooker. You're a so bad as Cook Pool. I'm not as so bad as Cooker The sex scene in the Pool. That's a little ridiculous. But yes, the sex scene in the pool is a little ridiculous. But actually the fact that it's going for a Hollywood movie that's, it's, it's, it's, it, it's going there was actually interesting to me.


But what I really liked, what I really liked her in it. But when she beats the shit out of that guy, that's so fucking cool when she beats the shit out of the guy at the end. Mm. And and the guy who fucked over her girl, her girlfriend, and like beat up his girlfriend, and then she does these spinning roundhouse kicks and beats the fucking shit out of the guy. I was like, yeah, Elizabeth, go. What what I love about Showgirls is normally a movie like Showgirls would be made for under a million, go straight to video star Robert Dovey and just be this little exploitation movie. And here was an example of that being made for $60 million with Paul Verhoeven directing, doing Whatever the fuck He wants, doing whatever he wants, making it as big as possible.


And We're releasing it. NC 17, fuck You all. It's basically the same as one of those sub million dollar exploitation films. It still has Robert Davey in it. He's Still playing the same part he would normally play. And so it's this opportunity to see one of those weird little, You know, exploitation movies made in this grand fashion, in this huge fashion. It's exciting. Showgirl has doesn't sit on a special shelf in my, in my heart, all all right. But I really liked it when I saw, and I saw at the theaters. I enjoyed it. I love, like, Elizabeth Ley, like pushes Gina Gerson down the, is it Gina Gerson? She pushes down the stairs. Yeah. Yeah. And like, like Everything about that movie is awesome.


Yeah. I I I think it's great. I I love the film. I love the film. I, I brought it up to all the, I had a dinner once with like Verhoeven and a bunch of the producers that film I, I started going off on it and they all sat there at the dinner watching me go crazy over their film. And then at the end of it, somebody, the one of the producers said, well, yeah, that's all nice to hear. But really that movie was just about us doing a lot of cocaine. That's exactly what I was just gonna say. I'm so glad you just said that. 'cause I, I always describe that movie as a cocaine movie, and I was just casting aspersions. It was with no evidence. But it seems like cocaine Everywhere apparent movie. Yeah. Because it seems like they thought it was great while they're doing it, but it's like, what are you doing?


You know? It's one of those things where you think it's great 'cause you're on Coke. I have a place in my heart for those big movies like that. I mean, Like I said, that's, that's not the one that I would, that's not the one I would make my case on, but I still don't Like It. Mm. That's not my case. That's not my, that's not my chess case. Well, Isn't that sort of an example of what happened in when the eighties where cocaine culture, the, the, the world kind of shifted from a psychedelic thing from the sixties and the seventies to a cocaine thing in the eighties. And you get movies like that. Yeah. You get a little bit more edgy, a little less trippy. Well also Like It little more ridiculous. But see, look at how great in the beginning it's pretty good. That's Call an actress dedicated to a role. No, this is where, this is where you're losing me.


This is where you're losing me. Yeah. Because How are you keeping a heart on? Yeah. And, And it's kind of all people, The Whole thing is okay, but just watching El Elizabeth Berkley tits All right. In a big studio movie like this flopping up and down. Like, I'm, I'm getting my money's worth. Well, it Wasn huge Because it was from Saved by the Bell. Yeah. But I, You know, okay. I'm not actually, that's, I'm not thinking about it from his point of view. I'm thinking about it from the water hitting her face. I'm thinking from her point of view. That's, that's the, that's the unrealistic part. The, the, that true true. Cocaine movies are fun though. There's, there's quite a few of those that were just like, what is this? Yeah. Like how much Coke was going around in the eighties? A lot.


A lot. When you It was actually Coke to, It was actually real cocaine. It was like proper cocaine. No, But there's, I No, But there was, You know, there was this, I mean, it's actually really interesting because it's like one of those things where Remember that customer who used to come in and he would bring in like a rock of cocaine. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. Drop it on the counter like a rock of cocaine. We and Tu boys here, The guy whose name was Tuttle The size of a Yeah. Tuttle Tu Tuttle the size of a coffee mug. And he would bring us these things of He was a coke. He was a cocaine dealer. And the thing is, he would rent, You know, we'd let him take the movies and come back whenever he wanted. Whenever you want. Yeah. And he would come in and he'd, he'd get his films and then he would like either open up a little, like a a a a skull can.


Skull can, yeah. All right. It was a bunch of Coke. I remember that. Skull can boom. Alright, there you go. Boys on the counter. There you go. Boys have a ball. Have fun. Jesus. Take out a Coke rock and just like, bam, like throw it on the counter And it bounce off you go. There you go boys. See you later. See you in two weeks. Like A baseball. Like a baseball. And you take a colander And it like, just grind it up. Like, hey, you want some pure coke? And For the first time, 'cause we're minimum wage kids, for the first time we actually had Fuck you Coke all, we actually had access to coke in a way that we could never afford. Like for about a few months. Because those relationships don't last that long. No, no, no. Cocaine relationships never last.


No. But for a few months we were like, holy shit, we're in the, we're in the fucking, You know, we're, we're in the powder. Well He, there was a party once that he came to and he brought a, again, a rock of cocaine and a live hand grenade. You put 'em both down, they usually go together. Yeah. And it was like, okay, it's a dangerous combination type Person. Does a lot of coke usually to Bite hand granade. It wasn a fun Party. And his name was Tuttle. And we always described excess as Tuttle. Okay, we're gonna, we're gonna get, and then we're getting into a tu situation. Dude, I'm so tuttled. Oh, that's hilarious. It became like your ese. Yeah. Oh, that's so funny. When I worked at, in Boston at Nick's comedy stop, they would offer to pay you in cocaine or cash.


There was guys who just took the cocaine, certain comics, they just wanted to get paid in Coke. Yeah. Wild times. You know? That's the eighties. Yeah. It was the eighties. It was the eighties. Well, yeah, it wasn actually even kind of an interesting situation. 'cause like, it was also one of those things where like, I was actually really kind of proud of us. 'cause we all kinda like, woo, we all kind of went nutty for like, a little bit with this kind of like, more access to Coke than we normally have, would have more Access to, more access to Coke than we ever had ever Have ever have. Just like, You know, and like, because we can't afford that shit. All right. And so we all kind of went nuts for like a little bit about it.


And then we all kind of like, okay, let's Yeah. Enough of that. Yeah. Let's bring it together. Well That's great. Let's bring it together. We figure that out. And we, and we'd also saw some other people who were like, who let it get a, let it get the best of them. Yes. And they got really kind of like Your friend with the story about being bitter. It's the same Sort of thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. The same sort of thing. You go, oh, I know where this is going. Yeah. And so we all like, okay, let's, let's pull back, let's get, let's, let's, let's, let's get control of this. And then, and we all did. Yeah. We all, it was all collectively. We all kind of just got our shit together and put it in the rear mirror. Right. Right. Didn't mean we didn't do it, but we, we just, it was, we, we controlled it. Contrary to your Goals.


Goals. We'll stay with pot. We'll stay with pot. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Yeah. When I was growing up, a bunch of people that I knew got hooked on Coke. And that's what kept me from ever doing Coke. I what stopped. I mean, I had children and suddenly it was like, oh my God. Like I have to be on call 24 7. Right. You can't be out coked up. Yeah. I like that. That's not gonna last anymore. That gets in the way of, that Gets in the way mushroom Trips. And pretty soon my Saturday mornings became more important than my Friday nights. This is pretty simple, But my, my thing about priorities change was I wanted to have excess. So I didn't Oh, I wasn't that interested in it.


Yeah. You want to take it to 12, right? No, I wanted to have a big pile of it. And we're doing it all fucking night. Until, until This is gone. Until, Until the, until the straw is bloody. Yeah. You know? Okay, now I'm stopping now. 'cause the straw got bloody. I think it's like some people don't have the ability to only do that once. Like for whatever reason, some people, they have that thing and they do coke a little bit, then they just want to keep doing coke. Yeah. That's scary. When that happens. It is scary. That's scary when that happens because you're captured by a demon. Yeah. You know, and it's literally, and I think it's literally a demon captures you. No, I think in the classic gin sense of the word where it's whispering into your ear, well, in a sense it does all the things a demon would do.


You know, you, you could say the demons aren't real. Okay. But they, the actual, they might be real. Look, they've been around for, there's pretty good evidence. I think there's pretty good evidence. There's a lot of, we live amongst like, legitimate evil in the world. And where is that coming from? What's that energy like? What, what begets that? What, what is the, what is the reason why people are willing to, You know, mass murder? Like what is it, what is it people are willing to launch missiles in the cities? What is that? Where, where's that coming from? There's got to be like, that would be evil if you defined it in the classic sense of the word. You know, when a a, a invading army comes to a village and hacks people, that's not demonic, that's not evil. You're lighting children on fire and throwing 'em on thatched roofs that's not demonic seems pretty demonic like a demon would do that.


Whether the the physical demon exists is almost like not even important. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like demonic behavior is 100% documented. What would Jesus do? Yeah. Right. Right. Just ask yourself that. But it's a thing. It's Like, it's unlikely. Everybody wants to see it's, he's gonna raise a fist. Everybody wants to be smart and you wanna be secular, and you never wanna say that you believe in something that's superstitious or ridiculous. So you don't believe in religion. You're either agnostic or you're atheist. That's how you get respect. And it's like this weird thing where you're not willing to consider like, okay, but what are the actions? What are the actions of good and the actions of evil? There's those, the actions are real. Right. And we all know in our heart and our soul, when you do a good thing, how you feel versus how you, when you do, how do a bad thing, how you feel.


Like, so what is, what are those forces? Well, there's a little speech and apocalypse now when Kurtz tells the story of going into the village and an inoculating or all of the children in the village shooting their arms with, You know, flu shots or something like that, inoculating them. And then the, the soldiers came in and then hacked off all the kids' arms. And then there's like a little pile of arms and Kurt says, You know, so we did all that. Then we came back in the village, and the next day we saw the little pile of all the little arms in there where they hacked them off. And I cried like a baby.


Then I started thinking the genius of that, the genius of that, because these are not monsters. They're not demons. These are men doing a job. And, and they had the force of will to take the job and, and take it to its logical conclusion of what they had to do. All right. You know, I'm not Condoning, I'm not condoning what Kurt is saying. Kurt is a fucking crazy person. Right. You know, but I'm interested in his perspective. But of course that, of course that would be Kurt's perspective.


He's speaking about true power Where he's a god, he's a God, You know, worshiped by this natives. Yeah. Yeah. Clearly lost his fucking mind. Yeah. In the fog of war Ex, he's completely lost his mind in the fog of war. And but he's talking like Genghis Khan. Yes, Exactly. Like they all talk. Yeah. But this is the thing where you're suspicious of power. Right. Like why suspicious? Well, you should be, Because you see where it ultimately leads, it ultimately leads to a Kurtz, or it ultimately leads to the way to really be in control of people. Like you have to use violence. You can only use words for so long, Strong men hold civilizations together. That's just a fact of things. I I I both of us have become friends over the years with John Milius.


Yeah, Yeah. Who wrote, who wrote Apocalypse, Who wrote Apocalypse Now. And You know, John is the kind of guy who's like, You know, conquerors, Conquerors, You know, the, and and he wrote a script about Genghis Khan and that you worked on it. Yeah. That I worked on with him to help turn it into a series. My daughter and I helped him with it after he had a stroke. And You know, you look at his Genghis conscript and he's, You know, he's realistically talking about these horrific atrocities that just, You know, sewing people up and felt and lighting it on fire and throwing 'em in river. Just however you can kill somebody, he figured out a way to do it better.


And, but at the same time, You know, he invented paper money and he invented the Silk Road and he, You know, opened up Trade The East. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Pulled, pulled, You know, that whole region of the world together under one empire. And You know, over the course of it, You know, you start out as, You know, almost like the, like Conan, Conan the warrior, Conan the conqueror, Conan the king, eventually King by his own hand. Yeah. King by your own hand. And eventually you, you start realizing, and John Mil also wrote and directed Conan the Barbarian. And so He, You know, he rightly recognizes that it's strong men who conquer, but also who hold together and, and maintain order.


And there's a balance to be had between force and, and strength and, You know, and compassion as well. Too much compassion, You know, countries fall apart. Yeah. Too much introspection. Countries fall apart. Right. And when things are too good, When things are too good, Things are too easy. Falls apart. And you think they're supposed to be easy, you don't understand how they became easy and what keeps them easy. Yeah. Yeah. And that's kind of where we are right now. It's Weird times right now As that we are, we're in a Conan movie. Yeah. We're, well, it, it does feel a little fu like we're in kind of neo feudalistic times where Yeah. You know, there's highway men and that you have to contend with when you go out and everything's a little more fragile.


And Well, there's also this new thing, which is the internet and social media. And there's this new thing that has overcome our minds and it's affecting everyone in this very bizarre way. And it's making people more tribal and more inclined towards echo chambers more antagonistic against opposing beliefs and views. True. So what you were saying about like being able to sit and have a conversation with someone and completely disagree, but not take it personally. Yeah. Just disagree about the points We've lost that in our society. It's really important to be able to engage with other people, to disagree with them. Yes. And then to know that that's just that we can still have dinner together. Oh, no, no, no, no. We can still be friends.


I can, okay, So I go on a, a show and I said that I like Joker two. Well, I say I like Joker two. And now, now, now there's 150 articles that come out on all these cannibalized articles. One person listens to the thing and writes an article about it, and then there's 150 ripoff articles on that. And then you read the comments of, so like, man, Who's a fucking asshole? That movie's fucking soak man. He's a fucking asshole for saying this. Yeah. Why am I a fucking asshole? Right? I Like It. Make any sense? Fucking movie. Yeah. Alright. That makes me a fucking asshole. It's crazy. You either like the movie or you don't. All right. And I'm not, I'm not plugging the movie. I'm not, I'm not saying I'm not doing anything. All right. I'm just saying I Like It.


Who gives a fuck what I like? Right. What do you care what the fuck I like? Right. And also also, But then I'll say, I didn't see something. Well He's a fucking asshole. Alright, What do you care what the fuck I see? And when I don't see what the fuck do you fucking care? But there's no one in front of him to say that he's an idiot alone with his phone. If he just said it out loud amongst reasonable people, they would turn to him and go, what the fuck are you talking about? But he doesn't get that check. Well, also, which is also part of the problem with social media, one of the, Someone will say something like, well, I think he's fucking missing out. Well, I'm sure there's a lot of shit I can say that you, you're missing out on. And I don't care if you miss out. Also, I, you have to be missing out, otherwise you don't have a life.


Yeah. How much information do you think you can absorb in a day? How much things do you watch and listen to? You don have Miss four, four movies a day, apparently. Yeah. That's a lot of time, man. You have to miss out. There's gonna be shit you miss out on. Well, the other thing is, if you're a film fan today, you're not just dealing with today's films. Yeah, yeah. You're dealing with this insane archive, the back catalog that goes back to Rocky. Yeah. You know, it goes back to, You know, on the waterfront back goes Back to the twenties. Good lord. Yeah. There's so many films to watch. No, No, no. Like, You know, a film that I saw it wasn like very meaningful to me this year is I really like the story of Boes, the, You know, the, the French Foreign Legion story.


I like French Foreign Legion movies any old way. But that's a really cool story. And I really like the whole story of the three brothers in there. And You know, I'm, I was familiar with the Gary Cooper version, the 1939 version, put it on a stamp, but I'd never seen the silent version. And it started Ronald Coleman and I watched the silent version recently, and I was blown away by it. The storytelling was so epic and was so visually just beautiful. And we have a little micro cinema in the theater. I have one of the theaters I have have in Los Angeles, the Vista, And it's like a little 20 seat cinema that we just show VHS and 16 millimeters. It's Our v video archives. Yeah.


It's like video archive. The Video Archives, cinema club. And it's like, literally, it's like the brick and mortar version of video archives, but just is like, but like a little Paris back, a back avenue cinema. It's like a Little clubhouse. I mean, it's open to everybody, but for our core fans. And the thing is, and we, we showed last week, we showed the, the silent version of Boes in it. And, and I wasn't there at that screening, but I asked the guy who was our manager, their man, I go, I said, how did it go? He goes, Quinn, you would've really loved to have been there for that screening. And I go, well, what? He goes, it was so moving the end of it, And it is really moving and it's just like nobody was talking. It was just, it was silent, emotional, you could hear a pin drop and then was over.


And, and everyone was still kind of in this collective emotional state, and they just all kind of left the theater and they, they just seen something emotional and they all kind of just moved out into the lobby and in, in this emotional state. And it was like, that sounds fucking fantastic. Mm. That's amazing. I mean, I think one of the most magical things about movies is that it can speak to you at different times of your life, You know, at the different windows of opportunity in your life. So you might see a movie and not Like It, and then, You know, people might see a joke or two today and not really care for it. And then five years from now revisit it and watch it again. And you're in a different place. Culture is in a different place, everything's in a different place. And you have a different perspective on the movie.


And maybe you like the movie. I hated Blade Runner when it first came out, did not like the film. I thought it was awful. Really awful. Like boring, like muddled, like everything it wasn wrong. And suddenly I'm seeing Kubrick shots in the end from The Shining, like Roger would say Blade Runner, she'd been called Blade Crawler. No, I was really hard. I was really hard on movies. I was a really angry young guy, and He was such a prick about shit. I, he's completely different guy. All right. Now he's like bends over backwards to be nice about, So I go, who the fuck is this guy Humbled by life?


Well, I, I now look at, I mean, having, You know, been a filmmaker and, You know, and, and knowing the struggle that goes into getting something on screen, look, I know how hard it is sometimes to get what you have up here on, on the screen And it doesn't always work. And sometimes you're faking it by the time it gets to the cut. But You know, it, it's, it's not an easy thing to, it's not. So when I watch a, a movie, now I'm applying my life experience to it and I'm like, okay, this movie may not be the greatest movie, but this is somebody's, You know, vision. Yeah. And I'm gonna give that, You know, I'm gonna value that and give myself to it and try to find in it what I like about it.


And So I always give every movie a shake, You know, a, a good shake. What's happened with our show that I think is really cool, again, from the, the fans that follow it and everything is, in our first season, we ended up like covering about 70 movies, You know, altogether. And we mentioned a zillion movies in the course of a show. But like, You know, we covered about 70 movies altogether and between the three movies that we, we did over the course of like 26 episodes. And, and we kind of created new classics, at least amongst the people who followed the show because they followed it and they liked it. And they, You know, watch some old Mexican horror movie like Demon. And they, hey, it wasn pretty cool.


OID is amazing. And Then everybody and everybody would put it down if you tried to look at anything about it, it would all be shitty reviews about it and everything. But then we talked about it with passion and then we gave the right context in which to appreciate the movie. It's a killer hand movie. And we gave the right context in which to appreciate the movie. And then the people appreciated it under that right context. Like, because a movie is old and because maybe it, they didn't have the money to do it like super clean or perfect, You know, Actually, that actually has the most best hand effects of what Yeah. That, that movie in particular is actually a tough one to, because it's is this demon? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's Steven. Right. So it's a Killer hand that fucks everybody up. And the thing about It is this the best hand on the loose movie?


It's A, it's a exploitation movie. Okay. A Mexican exploitation movie. But the one that's great about one, she's fantastic And it's Samantha Egger. Samantha Egger is become one of our heroes or from the show. I love Samantha er, But this movie looks hilarious. But what's ni but what's really cool about, about the Mexican horror genre is they take their tacky horror very seriously. It's tacky whore, but they take it really seriously. Yeah. And I and you appreciate the, the seriousness that they're, that they're delivering, that they're delivering their payload with. And I know how hard it is to, to do some of the things that they're doing on their, this is like, it's pre-computer graphics, it's they have a limited budget No, there shit.


But Their vision is so big and you're watching it and you're like, oh my God, this is, if you just like, if you try not to judge it on what a movie looks like today. No, but, but what, but not only just that the, what's interesting is when you see some of the effects that there's a couple of the effects. Well, well how did they do that? Yeah. Because it iss all done practical and then some of it's like, oh, well I can see how they did that. Oh my God, that's so fucking clever. Yeah. They figure it out how to do it in such a clever way. I can see how they did it, but that's so neat because they just figure it out how to do it on camera in a way that, that that sells it. Yeah. And, and, and it's a crazy movie also. And it's crazy. It's like you're inside of some sort of crazy Mexican's head making a horror movie.


It's fantastic. Well, The horror genre is hard to do to not make ridiculous. Yeah. You know, although the best thing about the horror genre and science fiction is that they're the best vehicles to kind of study culture and sociological issues Because you have that abstraction layer that, You know, makes people think, oh, I'm just watching a science fiction film, or I'm just watching a horror movie. Right. Like, you watch Dawn of the Dead and Yeah, you're watching a movie about zombies in a shopping mall. Or are you watching a movie about the vanishing middle class being drawn to the consumer temple because it's what they remembered from their lives. Mm. It wasn an important place to them. Oh, Literally quoting the movie. Well, I'm actually quoting my liner notes that I wrote for the DVD way back when.


Lemme stop and go to the bathroom one more, more time. Okay. The coffee's making me take a piss. No worries. Go for it. We can keep going. Okay. So when you first got into this, like, did you have a, like a film that you aspired to create something like, like when you first did you say, I got, You know, like it's a composite. Comedians would be like, I wanna be the next Eddie Murphy. Yeah. It's a, it was a composite. It was a composite. I have like a kind of a top three filmmaker. You know, when you're a young filmmaker and when you're a young child, you look to your parents to learn how to behave, You know, you're a child and you look, you look to them and you're like, they teach you how to be sure.


And so to, at the beginning of your life, you're copying your parents and 'cause that's, well, that's who you love and that's what you're copying when you're a young filmmaker, very frequently you kind of copy your parents, you're cinematic parents and You know, so in my case, You know, I mean, You know, in, in many filmmakers, like for instance, Stanley Kubrick, who is one of my favorite filmmakers, who I'm always thinking about his zero point perspective, his reverse tracking shots. I, I just love the, the intention of his shots and how he assembles his movies. I like, I like everything about his work I Do too.


Kubrick huge fan. He like, if, if you love Fritz Lang, you can see that, oh, Kubrick was, that's how he felt about Fritz Lang. Mm. Like when I watch MI can see the Kubrick shots. This is Fritz Lang Metropolis. Yeah, he did Metropolis. He did. I mean, like, some of the Greatest Metropolis is Wild Metropolis is a super, super powerful and kind of important movie that's exactly talking about everything that's going on today that people should see. The movie I was thinking about was m which is his movie with Peter Lori about the pedophile who's, and the movie's made in just, just before the Nazis took power.


Oh wow. And so he's making a movie that's really about like, kind of the rise of the rise of Hit Larry and Fascism in Europe. But he's doing it through this movie about a pedophile. And it's, it's Peter and Peter Laurie's fantastic. And it, it's actually his first sound movie. Like Fritz Lang hadn't made a sound movie. And so every single shot in the film is based on sound. So he'll have shadows talking and the backs of people's heads talking, or even the device of the movie is Peter, Lori whistling Pure Giant, You know, That becomes like the device by which they find the killer in the movie.


So the whole movie is about sound. So as a young filmmaker, if you wanna learn how to use sound in a movie, that's the movie to see. Because every single shot, Like It used to be, you would show a, an empty frame And it would just be a shot of nothing. But, You know, now Fritz Lang is able to juxtapose like a woman has lost her daughter and she's calling for her daughter. And so she's looking for her daughter and she's looking for her and Elsa, Elsa. And they cut to an empty shot of a stairwell and you hear her Elsa, and they cut to like, You know, an empty playground, Elsa. And then you see the balloon that she was carrying trapped in something like whipping in the Wind, Elsa.


And it's super, super intense. It and, but all he's doing is he's using sound juxtaposed with images, which he couldn't do before. Crazy that he just called it m yeah, M for Murderer. And this is a, this is an amazing, amazing movie. So Kubrick, see that's a Kubrickian shot. That's, this is where he's Elsa or Elsie.


I seem to remember more Elsie's, But there was a few, I think I got the wrong Part. Right. Yeah, that's okay. But anyhow, but so this is, but so, so Kubrick had his forefathers who he used to Yeah. Who he used to watch and that he used to look to. And so those would be like my grandparents, right. In a way. And so there's this like lineage of cinematic grammar and vernacular that gets carried on from filmmaker to filmmaker. And eventually after you've made enough films, you start walking on your own, you start coming up with new ideas. But for me it was Stanley Kubrick, John Borman, he's the guy who directed Excalibur and Hope and Glory and Point Blank and Helen the Pacific.


I mean, a number of movies. I don't think Quentin's such a big fan of John Borman, some of his films. I think you're a fan of his writing more than you are his films. No, I I I have nothing but respect for John B. Yeah. And John Borman and then Roman Planky. I think those three guys for me and, and their work, not the guys, but mostly their work. Like I am a composite. If you watch my movies, I'm a composite of those guys and other people as well. And those were the filmmakers who were important to me. Those were my parents, so to speak. Kubrick is so, was such an odd one. Like his films are so different. And he was a weird guy too. He did like complex mathematics in his spare time. I do complex mathematics in spare Time.


Nothing wrong with that. No. Yeah, he's a weird guy. But he was also, I think thinking three steps ahead of everybody at any kind of given moment. I mean, I mean, to be honest, I was just thinking, I just pulled my script from Eyes Wide Shut. I had a script, it wasn from set and I was reading it over the weekend and I saw that it has this, I mean I've known this for a long time, but I started really thinking about it over the weekend. It's missing a narration, it's missing a third person narration that was originally in, in the movie. And that's because the movie was recut and, and changed after his death.


And Oh, and they'll, and they will deny it. But as a student of Kubrick, I'm watching the movie and I'm like, well, Kubrick wouldn't do that. Kubrick wouldn't do that either. Kubrick would've trimmed this scene. I didn't know they recut it after his death. Okay. So apparently I didn't, they finished it. Well that's the, that's the party line. That's a version. Yeah, that's the party line. But I think that they changed the, the notes, the closeups, the, the inserts of the notes. I think those are changed. It's missing a narration. It's definitely missing a narration. You know, a third person narration, like that scene where he sees the, the prostitute who's died, he's at the morgue and he's looking at her and he's like leaning over her. It's a bed for narration. There's this whole thing, what they do instead.


'cause they couldn't say that Kubrick finished the movie because they hadn't done the recording of the narrator yet. And so maybe they just kind of clutch it together. Except there's an entire thread that's kind of been squashed, squashed in that film. And that's the, the two men that are throughout the movie that are constantly in the background of the film, who eventually in the final shots of the film, you see like Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman in that final scene in the toy store when she's looking at the Rosemary's baby bassinet, which is totally Kubrick saying something. And they never take their eyes off their daughter until the moment they take their eyes off. And the final line of the movie is coming up.


You see those two guys walking off with the daughter, they're taking her away. They've given their daughter to the Peoc cult. That's what's happened at the end of the movie. Oh. And there's an incident where when they first screened the movie in England, people who were outside apparent, this is all secondhand by the way. There were people who were outside of the theater who could hear inside of the theater Kubrick yelling at all the executives and saying, it's my movie. You can't cut it. I Can't fucking cut my film. Blah, Blah, blah, blah. Big argument going on. Oh, then he dies like four days later. Oh geez. So somebody went in and finished the movie, but I think when they finished the movie, they hid the film.


The, the movie got changed into something else. And I would love to finish that film. I like, I am like, Have you ever made an attempt? I've thought about it and reading the script over the weekend, I started seriously thinking about it. Well, somebody should recut this or somebody should. So it would just be a matter of recutting it with narration. Well, yes and no. There's obviously missing, there would be missing footage now there's things have been removed and and Is that taken down accessible? No, not unless you crack it open and there's no way anybody No. Here's the thing they would never open. But Hold on. Here's the thing. Now we have Ai.


Well, I know that's you, you're one step ahead of me. I'm one step ahead because I, I've actually been experimenting a lot with, with ai. The Newer versions are pretty stunning. Yeah. I've been working on runway lately, which is, the Curve is insane. Like the exponential curve of improvement. I'm literally, as I'm working on things, I'll be talking to the guys and You know, I'll be saying, well, it'd be nice to be able to move the camera. Okay, we got that tool on Tuesday, we're, we're gonna give that to you. And So it's like literally whatever you think you can't do, ask us. 'cause we probably will be able to do it in a couple of days. And so it's advancing so fast and so rapidly that I, without telling you Quentin, I made a little claymation version of you and I, I have him talking And it kind of funny looking fucking Crazy.


I'm sure a claim version for me wouldn't be funny. But isn't It, it's a claymation version of both you and me. How bizarre that something that would've cost like hundreds of millions of dollars. Like if you wanted to do a film like a, a Pixel type, You know, one of those crazy movies where you have all this like insane animation. That shit took forever. The best work that I've seen of it lately. It was the first time I've been kind of ignoring AI and like, eh, I know what it is. It's like form completion with visuals and I get it. I understand what it is and we'll see. We'll see. But I like tactile. I like tactile and I do, but I worked on Beowulf. I made Beowulf with Robert Zeus. Oh, okay. That's fun. And like it wasn a big, You know, video puppet toon CGI type cgi I thing my original, it wasn a fun movie motion capture.


Yeah. My original plan for that movie, 'cause I was gonna direct it myself, was to make it like, You know, in Iceland, You know, under $10 million, You know, just really dirty. I wanted it to be like, You know, like an early Terry Gilliam film, like Jabber walking, like jabber walk. Yeah, it wasn actually the one Neil and I were thinking about when Neil Gaman Yeah, Neil Gaman, when my co-writer on that film and the movie ended up getting made much bigger. It turned suddenly. It was like whatever budget I had was probably our craft service budget. It's nothing like making a hundred million dollar movie. It's like sushi every day. You know, champagne, fly the plane to England, You know, whatever you want.


It's like, it it, it's crazy. But it wasn definitely not the movie I had planned on making. However, when we made it like, And it turned into this big performance capture thing, it was fun like working with Zeus and, and he's such a, like an excitable like creative genius. Like he's, and even before you were able to do stuff, like what he was doing in that film, he was like constantly taking, You know, like when he made contact, oh we'll take that eyebrow off of Jodi Foster. And I like that eyebrow thing she does. And so put that on this take. And so he was like messing with her face and doing all sorts of performance stuff.


Whoa. And even when you go back to his earliest film, I wanna hold That's crazy to do that. I wanna hold your hand. I wanna Hold Your Hand is almost a visual trick, You know, having the Beatles there but not be there. Mm. And even though he is not using computer graphics, he, I think he's just a really super inventive guy. And it was so much fun making the movie with him because we were What year was that? Inventing Technologies? It wasn 2010. But I think movie came up. Jamie, we pull Up Beowulf. Let's watch them in that because I, I wanna remember what it Looks like. It Looks probably like a video game precut scene at this point. That's what's crazy. Right? Like did, I couldn't make, I've thought about taking Beowulf, importing it into my system and then just painting over it.


Let's fucking Go with no Roger. Which Let's fucking go. Which by the way, you can do easily. Yeah, easily. I thought about fixing, so lemme See what this looks like with the Beowulf. Oh geez. Yeah. I mean it looks like a, like a video game cut scene at this point. Yeah. But it was kind of cool because everybody looked like that, not just the monster. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Wasn kind of cool about it. I mean the difference is is that this was actual Like It performances. And so we could, we could take, You know, Ray Windstone and have him, Ray Windstone doesn't look like that. Like he looks a little heftier and Cuts his Own fucking cuts his own fucking arm off.


Cuts my arm, cut my own arm off. It's funny 'cause my, our original script was much more modest than this. But then Zeus was like, okay boys, it costs a million dollars a minute. Do whatever you want. He stabs a dragon in the heart. Oh no. This movie is kind of a, I mean, it's a little, it's an interesting experience. What happened to me on this film, if you don't mind. Yeah, go ahead. So I, So I was gonna make this movie myself. I had a, I had set it up initially at, at Image Movers with Zeus producing, and then it fell out and the rights kind of reverted back to me.


I had to cover the turnaround on it, but the rights reverted back to me. And I was gonna go make the movie myself for nothing. And I was trying to set it up And it was really, I was broke at the time and I was not gonna make money. And I had to cover the turnaround expenses myself on the, on the film, which were considerable. But I wanted to make the movie really bad. And I was working on Silent Hill, this other movie I wrote, and I suddenly started getting calls And it was like the producer of Polar Express. This guy Steve Bing wanted, wanted to buy the script. He's like, I wanna buy it for Emus. And I said, ah, too little too late. I'm making it now. And I kept saying no and every, and I was working on this film in Canada and I'm just trying to finish it.


And every hour I'm getting a call from agents at ca and they're like, Jack rte, right? Yeah, it was Jack actually. Yeah, it was Jack. How did You know it was Jack? Did I tell you that? Well, no, because he, well, he was, he was a Mecca agent and became EC Right. Producing partner's. And, and So I was getting call and He's the guy gets shit done. Yeah. He is a guy who gets shit done. Well, I was like, You know, no, no, no. And You know, no I won't. I'm doing it myself. No, no. And Steve B And I said, if another agent calls me, I'm firing the agency. And they're like, will you, will you at least meet with the producer? And So I went ahead and I meet with them and he says, listen, if I don't make this film with Amicus, with with Bob, I'm gonna miss the moment. I'm gonna lose the movie.


It's, it's gonna be over. Just what's your price? Just tell me what's your price? And I said, I don't have a price. I don't work like that. He said, listen, everybody's got a price. And I said, well, I may have one, but I'm not gonna tell you. And he said, look, why don't you just tell me, just discourage me. So I said, okay, you want me to discourage you? And So I started like making shit up. I need this, I want that, I want this, I want this. I tried to come up with how much money had anybody ever made on a script and let's add some money to that. I went over the top and he's, well Roger that is, and I had grown a beard to make the movie and like grew my hair long like a viking to learn about, You know, why Vikings had beards, et cetera, all that kind of stuff.


I'm making the movie, I'm a Viking. He said, well, Roger, that is really discouraging, but we have a deal. And I was like, and I was like, well, okay. And I, I started driving home and I started like I'd never done anything. I'd never done something for money before. I'd always done it because I'd for passion. And then the money came. And this was the first time in my life that I'd ever made a choice based on money, this Titanic amount of money. And I was understand broke. And I went home and I cried, and then the check came and nothing dries. Tears like money. And then Zenica invited me into the process, which was really great of him. He really wanted me, me and Neil to, to be at his side and collaborate with him.


And it was a fabulous experience. But to be honest, I was like, who am I now? What does it all mean? I just gave away something I'd wanted to do my entire life. I've always been chasing this John Borman film, Excalibur. I think it's one of the most beautiful movies ever made about the Arthurian legends. And it, and if you watch Beowulf and Excalibur, they're very similar actually, thematically. And so I was like, who am I now? What does it all mean? You know what, I don't even care. I don't even know if I wanna make a movie anymore. You know, like, what do I have to tell now now that I've just completely sold out? And then I was at a dinner and big dinner and I was driving home that night and I was giving somebody who was at the dinner a, a Lyft.


My wife was in the backseat of the car. And we were, I told my daughter I was gonna be home by midnight. We lived in Ojai And it was dark. And I, So I was speeding. I have a lead foot and I was speeding to get there without getting into the details of what happened. There was, I lost control of the car. There was another vehicle, but they fled the scene. I lost control of the vehicle. I, I think my tire blew. But I was going into a ditch and I knew I was going into a, into this deep ditch 'cause it was right near my house full of rocks and stuff.


And I knew if I go in there, we'll die. And So I turned into the thing and then I turned away from it to try to, the car spun out and I ended up on the other side of the street where I knew there was like a cow pasture. And I was like, well, what's the worst thing that could happen there? Well, it was pretty bad. There was a telephone pole and I hit the telephone pole. My passenger took the impact and my wife was thrown from the car. When I came to, all I could hear was the horn, You know, like my hearing's gonna have glass in my mouth and I am, I'm injured as well. I climb outta the car and it's dark, it's really dark, but somebody's already arrived. The XDA from Ventura County who did all the drunk driving laws and put those on the books.


And he was the first person on the scene. I was right near the fire department. They showed up shortly afterwards. But when I jumped out of the car, I came running around to see what happened. And I saw my wife on the, on the asphalt. She had been thrown from the vehicle. And I, I, I threw myself onto, You know, onto my knees on the, on the pavement. And I found myself in that moment asking for the one thing that mattered, which was just life. She looked dead. And she, ma and I just, in that moment, I dug down, I begged her to come back to life and I just, I said, I will give anything for life just in any form I'll take it.


And in that moment, she came back to life. It was like the, the life came back into her. Okay? It was a completely fucked up scene. My other, my other passenger is dying in the car or dead. And my, the, the, the police are suddenly there. And next thing I know, I'm in jail. And, and suddenly, You know, like suddenly I found myself in jail. I found myself guilty of manslaughter and, and something that is absolutely irreversible happening, which is, You know, someone lost their life at my hand.


And so after that, I, You know, I ended up, I found myself in jail and doing time. And suddenly everything that had come was gone. Like, everything that I had made, gone, it all went, You know, out to all that money you made, gone that to the settlement. Is it, I didn't even have time to spend it didn't even have time to register that it was there And it was gone. 'cause it doesn't, it was Like, It was not real. And, and then you find yourself in jail and, and, and suddenly everything is gone. Career is gone.


Everybody stops calling. It's over two number two hit films. Doesn't matter. It's all over. In fact, it was right in the middle of the publicity on Beowulf. It was just toward the end of it. And it was, it's the most horrible thing that that has ever happened to me. And I, and I found myself then alone in jail, incarcerated alone with my remorse and regret and, and really getting existential about things.


Really like coming to appreciate, You know, simple existence is the best thing there is. It's, people don't appreciate what we have. You don't appreciate it until it's gone. And it is can go, like, first of all, we live in bodies of glass. My wife was horribly injured and You know, And it has been a decade to, You know, to not just rebuild our lives, but to, You know, for her to come back to health. Even what it did though, You know, as, as, because I would do anything to, to reverse that.


To reverse what happened. I would give anything to do it. And I don't say this lightly, but having said that, I'm kind of grateful as well because I was like asleep walking through life. And it, it wasn't until that happened that I completely, Like, It changed how I see everything. It was like my third eye opened up. I don't view anything the same way. I, You know, once you've been incarcerated and you've been deprived of, of everything and you have a lot of time to think and be existential, you come out of that ex, at least I came out of that experience and, You know, I, I looked at a tree and I was like, okay, that's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life.


I hope I never not feel this way. This this appreciation for a cloud, You know, to be able, like when you're imprisoned, to be able to pet a cat, for example. It's so simple. It's such a nothing thing. You think, okay, to be able to pet an animal is like a gift. The simplest things are gifts. When I was in jail, it was also a little bit like a comedy. You know, you have people walking in circles and, You know, everybody's trying to control the outside. And so you start really seeing human behavior up front. I mean, when I was in jail, You know, I, there literally during the Academy Awards, it's on the TV in the tank and I'm watching him win, like for Jengo when me Oscar her for Jengo.


So while Quentin is like at the height of things, I'm pretty much at the bottom watching through bars in the bar. And not only that, but Greg Shapiro, who produced The Rules of Attraction for me, my producer who came and visited me with Robin, Robin Wright in the days that followed, he won for Zero Dark 30. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And So I'm like, there like, like To be taken from one point where you feel like you're at the top and you're like, oh, you think you're, you think you understand things No gonna take you and put you at the bottom. But lemme tell you something. In that moment I was sitting on the asphalt and my wife came back to life.


I immediately knew what I had to say as a filmmaker. After that. It was like whatever had, whatever cynicism I had had, You know, about the movie and not making it, it just went away. Evaporated. Yeah, it evaporated, it evaporated. And the ecstatic experiences, and they were ecstatic that I had in jail were like, I mean, you see things kind of for real when you see somebody, You know, get hanged by their celly in, in a cell or when you see, when You know that, You know, oh, that El Salvadorian, MS 13 Hitman guy, he's gonna kill that, that gay dude.


He's gonna kill him in the yard. I'll go lock myself in my cell. Literally, I'll go lock myself in. You know, shut the door. 'cause You know, shit is gonna go down Jesus. And so like, like it wasn like every day. And so suddenly it was like, You know, and also you really know who stands with you after something horrible happens. And You know, And it, like John Langley, our customer from video archives ended up being like, like when I, like I said, when I was in jail, he loaned me money and he gave me my first job when I got out, it wasn our customer who did that.


And so like, I value our customers. Yeah. Like, and, and, and, and especially John and his family and Maggie, who I Like, It really is, I talk about John a lot, but really Maggie, she was really my big champion, I think. And so anyhow, I, You know what it taught me actually, 'cause I was a filmmaker And it was up my own ass most of the time. But what it kind of taught me was, You know, be compassionate to other people Because you might not know it, but they might be going through shit in their lives, You know?


And god forbid it'd be something health related, which is almost out of your control. But, You know, people are suffering and people are struggling. And I used to be a lot more cavalier about people and kind of fuck with people and, and be forceful with people and not really care as much. Now I'm acutely aware of, of, of people and You know, what they may be going through. It's just a, I Think this is the best way to wrap this up. Perfect. Gentlemen, thank you very much. This was a awesome conversation. Really appreciate, This has been really, thank you for letting us Come down three and a half hours. Thank just flew by. Thank you so Much. Oh my God. I, IIII, I actually thought, oh, I guess he's wrapping it up quick.


No, I think it's three hours. I thought it was, I thought it was like 90 minutes, Three hours and 15 minutes at least. I Thought it was like 90 minutes. No, No. There it is. The Video Archives podcast. On on Patreon. Patreon. Patreon, Patreon, Pat Video. If you just look up Video hearts podcast com, it'll.