
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day, Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. So He's got Hi Rick. Hi. Good to see you brother. Good to See you Too. So he's got this place called The Bone Yard. My friend John Reeves in Alaska, and he made this for me too. This is like a little skull that's a, a wooly mammoth tooth man. Like a molar. Whoa. Yeah. So he has this incredible place and he was a gold miner and still is. And they started finding like an extraordinary amount of tusks and bones and skulls from animals that aren't even supposed to have been there.


Yeah. Yeah. And it's kind of rewriting history, but it's all in his land. Yeah. So he has complete control over it. And he has like, see there's John, he's this enormous dude. He's like six foot nine, like a big giant man. And he has, this is just some of it, like show those warehouses that he has. So he had a research facility built on his property so they could study this stuff. And if you see outside in the lobby, there's actually a bison skull. It's like a 10,000 plus year old bison skull. A lot of bones. So this area is only a few acres. This is what's really crazy. He has one area that's like I, I believe it's like four acres and another area that's about six acres.


And there's also like a very heavy layer of carbon that, So it appears there was some sort of a mass fire. And he thinks that this mass extinction event that all the people like Graham Hancock and Randall Carlson talk about with the end of the younger dry Ries impact theory. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. He thinks it's connected to this and he thinks that site might have been hit. And all these animals probably in the great flood, their carcasses were washed into this sort of valley in this one area where they were kind of trapped up against the side of this mountain. And so he hoses the, the mountain down with the, it's all permafrost.


So it's all been frozen forever. And they have these high pressure hoses and they hose it until they expose like a tusk. And they have this, this is what they do all day. Yeah. Those hoses are what they used to use for mining gold too. Yes. That's why he has them. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's exactly why he has them. He's a gold miner. Yeah. So this is around the southeast coast. I don't know exactly what part of Alaska he's in, but it's really, really amazing stuff. Yeah. And another thing that he's exposed is that it's the Smithsonian, right? In New York? No, no, I think it's American history. A MNH. Find out what, what? American Museum of Natural History. Museum of Natural History.


So they had from the same property before he owned it way back in, like, I think it was the thirties. They had so many bones from this part of Alaska where the previous people had found them that they didn't have any room to storm 'em. So they dumped them in the East River. Yeah. And see, they denied that the previous p obviously it's people that are long dead. They denied that this happened. And so he sent a bunch of divers out there. And so they're recovering like these mammoth bones and all these like ccra, like bison bones, step bison bones in the East River. Yeah. Yeah. That are all from his property in Alaska.


Yeah. It'd be hard to explain how they got there. Otherwise, It's only one, I mean, it's a, the literal exact spot to look too. Like he knew exactly where to go. It was all, there's records of it of like where they dumped it because, and they still to this day have just crates of these bones. Yeah. Is that the reason he chose where he is living in Alaska because Of that breach? I don't believe so. No. He was there for gold mining. I think it was something that came up along the way, You know, because he's a gold miner. He is got a lot of disposable income, so he's willing to just spend it on his own to do this. He doesn't trust the museums anymore because they screwed over the previous owner. And even though it's his property and his land, he's supposed to get that stuff and they don't want to give it to him.


And, You know, and so he's got his own research facility that he built. He spent millions of dollars building this enormous research facility on his property so that they could study these bones. He's got warehouses full of them. Yeah. Yeah. What's his background like? Archeology or something? No, He was a, he was a swimmer, right? Yeah. He was a swimmer in college and became a a a a gold miner. I mean, he told me the whole, whole whole story. I don't really totally remember it, but this is not something he wanted to get into. It's like right in the middle, near Fairbanks. It's near Fairbanks. Yeah. Yeah. So this is, this is where John lives. He, we do a podcast every year.


Every year he comes back. Oh, really? Like the last podcast of the year generally. And he gives us an update on, on what's going on. Yeah. Lemme take a look at that map. You know, I spent my first year after finishing my psychiatry training in Fairbanks. Oh, did you really? Yeah. Yeah. That's an interesting psychology, psychiatry place. Because the psychology of people that live in Alaska is very different. They're different. They're resilient humans. Well, and they're there for a reason. Right. And that reason is to be at the end of the road. Right? Yeah. Or their family's there and they've grown up there. Yeah. But you, you meet like, I felt like I was meeting people from another country.


Like I only worked in Alaska Once I did a show in Anchorage, it was a lot of fun. Me and my friend Ari Shafi, we said, let's just fly up there, just like an adventure trip. We'll do some salmon fishing and then we'll go do a show. And that's what we did. Yeah. And it's like, the people feel different. They feel different. Like they're more, they're, they're made out of harder things. They're like more durable. Right. When you were up there, did you get outside of Anchorage, like into the interior at all? We didn't do much traveling. We only kind of, I've been to Alaska a few times, a couple times for hunting trips. And I always feel the same way.


I always feel like it's another country. It's just like, Very interesting. It's a very strange atmosphere too, You know, the climate and the geology and the, You know, feeling, You know, because you're up so high Yeah. On the planet. Right? You're close to the North Pole. Yeah. When we were doing shows, I believe it was July or August where we were doing shows. And at night after the show, it was bright out. You go outside, it was like, you could see everything. It was, it was weird. It was Like, it felt Like It was 5:00 PM It's A very strange feeling. Well, in the winter too, you have maybe a couple hours of twilight. Yeah. And that's it. And then sometimes all dark for a long time too. Well, that occurs above the Arctic Circle.


Have you ever seen that movie? 30 Days of Night? It's a vampire movie. Oh yeah. With Kefi Sutherland? No. Is it? No, no, no. That is The Lost Boys. Oh. Lost Boys. Right. 30 days of Night was cooler. Yeah. Not that there was anything wrong with The Lost Boys. There's, It is a little dated. 30 days of Night is more moderate. And these vampires decide to descend upon this small town where it never turns light. So they could just hunt all the time. Yeah. That's clever. Yeah. You know, vampires are smarter than they look. These are creepy vampires too. They get horr horrifying teeth. It's interesting how, You know, vampires sort of, we decide that they look like Bella Lago. You know, there's Dracula that must be a vampire.


And then some people they, have you ever wondered like the root of some things like that? Like I used to think, I used to wholly dismiss ghosts as a young man. You know, when I was a boy, I believed in them 'cause I was young and dumb. And then as I got older, I was like, maybe there's a reason why. So, like, if I've never experienced something and then I do experience it, how am I ever going to explain this to people where it's gonna make any sense to someone else that hasn't experienced it before? Well, you're reporting on your subjective experience. Right? Right. And it's one that a lot of people share. And so you can compare notes. It's like dreaming. You can't really prove that you dreamed or that you were in a dream state.


Right. Yeah. It's a personal experience. Yeah. You know, but that's a common one. So you can compare notes. I think that's how it works. Haven't there been studies done? There's been something done where they've taken people in altered states and had them go into a room, or they experienced, they weren't connected, they weren't communicating, but they experienced incredibly similar environments.


This episode is brought to you by American Primeval. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all forgetting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake, to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, life locks US-based, restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply.


I think that's in my big toe. You know that, that the theory of everything book, I'm not familiar with It. I think it's Thomas Campbell. Is that No. Is that who wrote that? Yeah, it's really good. Yeah. I'm in the middle of that right now. The big toe Yeah. Is very strange book. Yeah. That's the name of the book or the name of the experiment? That's the name of the book. It's my big theory of everything. You know, toe as for Theory Of everything. Oh, I see. Okay. But it has a picture of a toe on the cover. Yeah, Yeah. When you were doing the DMT studies, it's kind of a similar thing. Right? Like if you had never experienced that and someone was trying to describe it to you, it would sound completely like nonsense.


Just like a ghost would. Right. Or even a dream to somebody who had never dreamed. Right. Right. 'cause there are people who don't dream. Right. Which is very strange. Yeah. Yeah. Like there are people with no imagination. They can't visualize things. That's so bizarre. Yeah. Yeah. And you give them Psychedelics and they report that they can, but I mean, how do they know that they are Right. That's an uncomfortable reality that some people's brains don't work the same way. Right. Yeah. You know, it's a fact though. It, Oh, well, it has to be. Yeah. I mean, just, just look at like cultural choices. Just look, look at the different kinds of music that people enjoy, the different kinds of food that people enjoy and the, and, and the different kinds of climate that they enjoy.


There is no way we're all seeing the same thing. There's no way a food that tastes horrible to you is like a sacred delicacy to them, You know? Yeah. One of the ideas I put out in that 2014 book on the prophetic state, the Soul of Prophecy, I propose that, You know, people respond ethnically or culturally differently to different endogenous, You know, Psychedelics. You know, the emphasis on the enlightenment experience in Buddhism might be because people in that part of the world produce or are more sensitive to five methoxy, DMT, which gives you that white out experience.


And with the other kind of religious experiences, it's more DMT like, because it's full of angels and you speak to things, they speak to you, You know? So there may even be some kind of, You know, differential among people as far as, You know, the way they're hardwired for, You know, spiritual experience even. Well, it kind of makes sense too, that if the way they move through the world is through a specific cultural training, right. The way their cultural thinks about things. And just imagine being born in an atheist secular environment, and you're raised by those people, and then you meet someone who's born in a fundamentalist Christian, You know, religion.


Right. Where it's like very strict. And then they both meet when they're 14 and compare notes. It'd be the most bizarre versions of the world. Right. Well, I mean, one version is, there is no God. Then the other version is that there is. Right. But there's one version that God is not just a part of your life, but the only reason why anything was ever formed. That's God's plan for everything that God has, You know, a plan for you. And that if you follow the teaching, the teachings of God, you'll ultimately go to heaven. It's like very structured where the other side, it's like death. Life is suffering. There's, You know, who knows what, what happens when you die. But probably nothing, You know, if you feel depressed, you should probably go to the doctor and get a pill.


Yeah. Yes. So you wonder if the atheist's biology is different than the believers. I wonder if it becomes different, right. 'cause don't genes turn on and off, or expressions of genes based upon stress, based upon environments based a lot of things. Right. Right. Right. And those changes can be inherited, You know, like, You know, passed on to the next generation and the next generation. That's crazy. Yeah. You, You know, that's a, a theory about the syndrome of survivors of the Holocaust and their children and their children, is that the stress of being, for example, in the camps activated certain genes, which were then in an activated state, You know, passed on to the, You know, following generations.


Mm. Yeah. I was, we, we, we were just, You know, talking about that. Like at what point does trauma end, what point did the effects of trauma end? Right. Is in the first generation or the second. And, And it's not just trauma, right. It's also just stress, like the hormetic stress of starvation. It actually makes the children of those people live longer. Very, Dr. Rhonda Patrick has talked about this really interesting. Yeah. Yeah. That's one of the spinoffs of fasting and starvation and, You know, there were a lot. Well, You know, speaking of starvation, You know, there are a lot of studies of enforced starvation like the camps and in Africa at various times.


Yeah. You know, so there are some advantages, but I mean, obviously to a point, Yeah. Obviously we never want to ask someone to do that. But when people do it voluntarily, like when they go on these three and five day fasts, I've never met one person who said, I'll never do that again. It wasn fucking terrible and stupid. Yeah. And I felt really dumb, and I didn't feel alive at all. No. They come back with like this very bizarre, euphoric, just like ex their, their version of it when they're expressing themselves is seems like they were like on mushrooms. Yeah. It's weird. Is is that something you've tried? No, I've done a day. I, I've done a day and I sneak in some espresso if I'm feeling, You know, deprived. I don't think, I think that's fine, because this espresso doesn't, I mean, No calories, right?


There's no calories. Yeah. I should do it. I should probably do like a three day, see what's up. Yeah. Because my friend Dana just did it. He did. I think Dana did a four, a three or four day. He said it was incredible. But everybody reports all this energy, which is really fascinating because I guess that's your body surviving off ketones. Oh, right. You're in a ketotic state. Yeah. Well, when people fast for three or four days, do they drink water or they Yeah, they drink. Oh, you have to. Yeah. I mean, there's a thing called a dry fast, and people have done that. I've heard of people doing like 48 hour dry fasts, and that is no water as well. Yeah, you can keep that. Yeah. I'm so not interested in that. Well, you can go on a vision quest, like out in the desert, not drink or, and night eat, and you do start hallucinating.


Yeah. I love McKenna's. Take on that. Do You know that? I don't remember. He told a story about how this monk, the Buddha was in town. This monk went to visit the Buddha, and he told the monk that he's practiced a city of levitation for the past 10 years, and now he can walk on water. And the Buddha goes, yeah, but the ferry's only a nickel, You know? Right. Yeah. Because here's my take on some of these things. Just because it's hard to do doesn't always mean it's good to do. Like, there are things that are hard to do, but they're good to do. Like, if you could run a marathon at the end of that marathon, you're like, wow, I really did something. And you feel good and like, wow, you're a little beat up, but you, you have a new faith in yourself.


That's good to do. It's hard to do, but good to do. But if you've run for like seven days and you almost die, Maybe Yeah. Maybe you've crossed that line. Well, I think a flip side of that is simple things can be good for you. They don't have to be hard. Sure. Yeah. No, things don't have to be hard to be good for you. A puppy smiling or licking you and playing with you is good for you. It's like literally Like It good for your body. Like when people play with puppies, that happiness feeling that you get, like, what are You doing? What are you doing? I Know that's actually really good for you. Oh, right. Well, this new neighborhood I moved into in May, there's a park, Altura Park. You wouldn't believe the number of dogs that are being walked around there.


There's these little tiny ones. You know, like, I haven't lived in the city in a long time. I haven't seen tiny dogs, but man, there's some tiny dogs out there. Yeah. Jamie's got a tiny one. He didn't bring 'em in today, but Carl's a little maniac. Yeah. He's a little French poodle or French bulldog. He's like that big. Yeah. They're cute. He's adorable. What does he weigh? Was 16 pounds. Now he's Jacked. Yeah. He sounds he Really is jacked. He's got a lot of muscles. He's super aggressive. Yeah. Not with people, like, not like real aggressive, like playful. He just wants to play constantly. Yeah. So I bring my dog who's a golden retriever, who's the opposite. He's just everybody's best friend. If he meets you, he's like, you're my best friend. Right, right. He loves everybody. Yeah. And Carl just launches himself at him.


Yeah. The one dog I had was a miniature dachshund. And man, Carl, it wasn a cute little dog. He was tough. He barked really? He bit, he, he, he bit children. That's not good. That's not tough. He's an asshole Boy, that dog is an asshole. Yeah. That sucks. Well, He lived 25 years. Whoa. Yeah. Well, if I lived 25 years when I was a dog, I'd probably start biting kids too. Right. Get me outta here. Well, You know, toward the end, he wearing a diaper. Oof. I had a mastiff. And they unfortunately don't live very long. And towards the end, I used to have to carry 'em outside to go to the bathroom. I couldn't even walk. That's the real bummer is that you just love these creatures so much and they only live 10 years, 12 years, 13 years.


You know? Well, do you replace it? No. You never replace it. You get another dog. And you could always love other dogs. I don't think there's anything wrong. I don't think it's like disrespectful to your dog to get a new dog when they die. It, it wants you to be happy. Well, yeah. It doesn't have anything to do with it. It's dead. It's about you. Like there's, this is needless suffering. Do you love dogs? Do you miss having a dog? Get another dog? Like this idea, you have to mourn your dog for a specific period of time. Like it's not a wife. Okay. If your, if your wife dies, and then next Friday night you're on a date, like that seems a little crazy. Right. Like, you should probably be sad for a long time, but if your dog dies, like, come on man. Get another fucking dog.


Right. Well, if it's your whole life, You know, I Love dogs. Yeah. I would never want to not have a dog. I just don't get it. Yeah. Those mastiffs are big. They're, he was a big fella, but they get a lot of like, real problems with their joints because it's just so much weight. Yeah. Carrying roll out weight. Yeah. Yeah. We were talking about Alaska and up in Fairbanks. Yeah. I was a psychiatrist for the county for about a year. Boy. Yeah. Yeah. It was amazing. Well, it was interesting because I had kind of given up the idea of doing research and I thought I'll just, You know, practice psychiatry. My girlfriend back then wanted to be a wildlife biologist, and we Perfect place for that. Yeah. Yeah. They've got a great department at the University of Alaska and Fairbanks.


Yeah. You know, so we spent two months driving up there from Sacramento. Just had a great time. Wow. And then I started working up there for a, it was for about a year cold. The cold, the lowest it got down to was minus 49 1 day in February. And you're from New Mexico? Well, Los Angeles actually, so Oh, At that time? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Well, it was snowing around Halloween, So I wasn't, You know, dressed for snow. I'd never really lived in snow. So What was that like, the going from Los Angeles to minus 39? Well, I started to work on enjoying the dark, like, You know, as a rule, You know, people don't like the dark, but there's forest all around town, And it is, it's dark.


And especially in the winter, there's 18, 20 hours of pitch black. That's so crazy. Yeah. So I tried to imagine myself liking the dark, And it wasn't all that successful. I, I, I, I lasted about a year. Is there a thing that happens? Like I, I lived in Boston when I was a kid, and one thing that it really does benefit you with bad weather is that when you have bad winters, you really love those summers. Those summers are so special when me and my friends will like, go out on a summer night. It's like we, it's like we were so happy it was warm out. We're outside, we're listening to music hanging out together.


Boston, huh? Yeah. Is that Because you have family there? Well, no, my, my family moved there when I was 13. Yeah. So we moved, we lived in Jamaica Plain for a year, and then we lived in Newton, which is a suburb of Boston, which is really, it was really nice, cool place to grow up. Yeah. I was in the Bronx, You know, for medical school. Oh yeah. The, the Bronx, New York. And I lived in the city for about a year. Yeah. It was Like, It was great training. Yeah. When you get, well, I'd imagine the, the characters you'd meet and the characters you'd meet in Alaska. I bet you met a lot of people on the run. You know, I met a lot of Christians up, up in Alaska.


Really? Yeah. Yeah. You know, Mostly, Well, my patient population, everybody, a lot of the majority of people were pretty devout churchgoers and very strict about observance of the regulations in the Bible. Mm. You know, So it was a fairly conservative type of city. That's interesting. Like, did they impose it on other people? Like what? Did they have a gay community up there? They mostly imposed it on their kids. Mm. Yeah. The family dynamics up there were pretty stressful. Ooh. You know, lots of cocaine too, because it's so dark and people get, You know, so depressed. Oh man. Yeah. Well, You know, Fairbanks had a boom when they built the oil pipeline between PTO Bay and Anchorage.


And so, You know, Fairbanks exploded in population. And when I moved there, it had been shrinking a bit. It's got the university, which is pretty cool up there, and amazing countryside. Huge rivers. Just enormous rivers. The one outside of town was a good half mile across. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I went skiing out there once at 25 below on the frozen river. It's like, oh, this is pretty nice. And I'm along the shore and there's a dark spot in the middle of the river. And I, I'm, I'm curious how I ski over, You know, to that dark spot is open water. Oh my God. In the middle of a quarter mile. And you were out there with your weight on skis, So I, You know, backed up.


Yeah. Skied up back to the shore and I felt really tired all of a sudden. Yeah. I looked, I looked down at the snow and I thought, well, maybe I could just take a little nap. And I thought, well, You know, I'm getting hypothermic. Let me run back to the car. Do you think that's what it was? Yeah, it was, it was funny. I wasn't cold. I wasn't, You know, sugar or anything, but I just got really sleepy. They say before you die, you actually wanna take your clothes off, which is really crazy. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I've heard. Like in the, in, in the snow when you're freezing. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of remember that O And then the, and You know, the bears up there are, are forced to contend with, You know, the grizzly bears. Oh yeah, man.


Yeah. One of my friends that there was living in a cabin and a bear just stuck his claws in the door, pulled the door out of the frame of the house, Jesus Christ. And went into the refrigerator basically. And it kind of cleared that out. So was it, was he home Up in his loft? Yeah. Sleeping. Oh, He was awake while this was going on? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. So it just smelled food. It smelled food. It smelled him. Yeah. So, and They don't abide by any rules. They don't really care about your door. Well, You know, when I was up there, I learned to shoot a shotgun. It's, it is called a bear stopper.


It is a sought off, You know, shotgun you can carry with you if you're in the back country. Yeah. You know, so they're just a, Like a 12 gauge. I think it was a 12 gauge. Do you have slugs in it or is it buckshot? A slug? Yeah. Oh, no, no. It had buckshot. Okay. So does that make it a 12 gauge? No, it, it is all the pound the round. So a slug is like a, a, a chunk of lead. And buckshot is like a bunch of pellets. Right. So the buckshot is Like, it scatters into a pattern. And the further it is from the rifle barrel, like how far you're shooting, so you're shooting 20 yards, it scatters quite a bit And it, it makes a, an area of impact about that big, like a basketball sized Yeah.


Well, Or maybe a little smaller than that, but a slug is a single object And it has a lot more force behind it. So if you were shooting a bear, I would want a slug. I think it was a, it was, You know, shot. It's a deterrent though. I mean, you'll c certainly deter them with buckshot. Yeah. It, you have a wide spray, it will deter them. Yeah. I kind of remember, although, and this may be wrong, that one barrel had, You know, buckshot in it and the other had a slug. Oh, okay. That makes sense. Yeah. So you can slug Down. You probably shoot the first shot to try to slow 'em down and or to try to discourage them. And if that doesn't work, you, the second one's lethal.


Ah, right. And they're much closer to you at that point. Geez. Yeah. So It is a pretty fun place to live in, in some ways. Well, I think just that alone, the environment, just the fact that it gets that cold, it's so dangerous. Everybody kind of has to stick together. You have to help people. If you see people strand on the side of the road, you don't just pass 'em. You have to help 'em. A person might be dying in there and if you can get them outta there and get them to safety, you're supposed to do that. So people like bond together a little bit more up there. Well, and there's also the Northern lights, which are just incredible. Oh yeah. Yeah. The reds and the greens. Then how often Did you see those? Every year. Pretty much every night in the winter. And it was so quiet up there. You could actually, You know, listen, You know, to the Northern Lights, they'd hiss and crackle.


Oh Wow. Yeah. Yeah. It was pretty wild. They hiss and crackle. Yeah. What exactly is going on with the Northern lights? Like what is that caused by the, The magnetosphere and some solar Rays? Like what is, what is, It might be cosmic, it might be, it wouldn't be a solar ray. 'cause it's dark. Right, Right. Yeah. Unless it's like something that like is coming around the earth. Yeah. Or what, what are they, Jamie? Are, Are they cosmic rays? Gas Must be something. Yeah. Coronal mass. Ejections Coronal, mass Eject. So solar. Oh, yeah. And, and Magnetic activity. I guess there's a few reasons why they could be created. I'm looking through This article. That alone might be worth living up there for, Well, in the winter, if you, well, you could just spend a week up there in the winter and, You know, there are all kinds of hot springs in the area too.


How Hard is it to get around in the winter? Your car needs to be equipped. There's these things called battery blankets that you put under your battery to keep it warm. And there's a, like you heat it. Yeah. Plug it in. Yeah. It's, it's, You know, plugged into traffic, You know, to a parking meter or to the outside of a building. Hmm. Yeah. Everybody keeps their vehicles, You know, plugged in during the day when they're at work. You'd have to, Right. You'd have to. Yeah. And the other modification is an oil pan heater, which is the same, You know, basic principle. It keeps the oil from turning into a solid bloch.


Yeah. You know, when it gets really cold, your tires are square. What? And it's really hard to drive around in for the first couple of miles. They have to warm up. You have to drive 'em slow to get them warmed up again, because Otherwise they're like flattened down at the bottom where your car's been sitting. Right. Whoa. Yeah. Cold. That makes sense. Yeah. Isn't amazing. They still have to fill tires with air. That seems like the stupidest thing. Like, if you can get those people that are working on ai, just take a couple years off and figure out tires. Just take all these people that are making computers and figure out something that you don't have to put air in With. You know, with my garden tools or my garden carts, I use, I, You know, solid, You know, solid tires.


Yeah. But they're a lot heavier. You know, they never puncture. Well those, but there's a give factor with tires that's important to handling. You know, there's, there's things that are going on dynamically with tires when you're going around corners and your car has grip. You know, especially if you're, like, if you're off roading. Right. They deflate their tires quite a bit Yeah. To get more traction. Well, And it also will Widens your footprint. It, It widens your footprint So it won't get stuck in sand too. Yeah. Yeah. I used to spend a lot of time in Death Valley Oh wow. Driving around the sand. Yeah. And, and then, You know, the canyons, You know, to the east and to the west of the valley. So I guess that's the benefit of air is that you can air 'em down and do stuff with them.


But it seems like the negative side of it, of getting a flat and getting stuck in the middle of nowhere Because you don't have any air in your tire. That seems crazy. Yeah. Well, speaking of, So vulnerable. Yeah. Like the one thing of your car, someone could to come by and go stab your tire and now your car's useless. Right. So vulnerable. Yeah. Yeah. Flat tires. What, so have you spent, You know, time in Death Valley? No. No. Is a great, well, if you still, like, you still like to take Psychedelics, huh? Who doesn't like to take Psychedelics? Yeah. You know, the best place or one of the best places valley is, is Death Valley. That's what I've heard.


Yeah. Yeah. I, I've had friends that have had mushroom experiences out there. Yeah. Yeah. I've had some amazing exp experience. It's, it's huge, first of all. And it's really old. There's rocks out there, there are 2 billion years old. Really? And you are, You know, tripping for example. And you're, You know, touching these 2 billion years old, 2 billion years old rocks. And you really feel something that you don't feel anywhere else. Wow. Very slow moving. It's the wind too. There's great wind. I, I learned to watch the wind there. You can see like a shrub, like a hundred yards away. And it is, ah, man, it's moving. And you can follow the wind as it goes up and down the canyon until it reaches you Or you see the particles it's carrying and stuff.


You know, mostly the movement of the bushes, the shrubs. Yeah. Yeah. I had a lot of firsts in Death Valley. Like in a lot of ways I think I'm still working on some of those insights or those experiences, which I had in my late teens, early twenties. Isn't That kind of always the case though? I, I think we come up with our best ideas from 19 to 21. Really? I think so. Oh Boy. I'm in trouble then because I didn't have very many ideas. Well, you must have had, You know, some experiences that steered you in a particular direction, didn't you? Yeah, I guess I did. Yeah. But, You know, until I was 21, my whole life was martial arts, just martial arts training.


So my, You know, anything that I was interested in was interested in to make that better. So I'd read like the book of five Rings, like Mia Moto Mui. I'd read a lot of psychology books. I read books on discipline. I read a lot of different books on how to control your mind under stress and things along those lines. Yeah. Well it was a formative time then, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was definitely formative in that way. Yeah. And you absorbed a lot. Yeah, I definitely absorbed a lot of that. It's just, I didn't have hardly, I had almost zero ideas outside of martial arts. I didn't care what was going on in the world. I was not paying attention to politics.


I was not paying attention to world events. As long as we didn't go to war with Russia, all I wanted to do was train. Yeah. Well, and You know, and look at you now. Well, it opened up the door for a lot of other stuff, but at the time, if you had asked me questions, I would, I I would not have been a good person to talk to. Yeah. What kind of questions would you have been able to answer back then? Well, I knew nothing about the world. Like, nothing. Like I knew nothing about other countries. I knew nothing about the way politics work. I didn't know I didn't have, I had no interest in the economy. I didn't care at all. I didn't know how anything works. I don't know the rules to any sports.


Yeah. I didn't know what's happening when a basketball game's going on unless the ball goes in the net. I don't know the rules of football. I don't, I didn't know anything like most of my life. 'cause it was all, all I was thinking about was martial arts when I was young. Yeah. It's like being a monk almost. In a lot of ways. It was. Yeah. Because the way we try, the way we treated the gym, like, I remember I had this girlfriend in high school and she wanted to fool around at the gym. And it was the dojang is what it's called. But I, I used to teach there and I had keys. So I was there and she wanted to fool around there. I'm like, there's no way that you can't, we can't do anything here. It's like a church or a temple. Yeah, Yeah. Like, I was 17, 18 years old.


However, I was like, kids are so horny. Like anytime you're alone, you get a chance that she wants to do it. And I was like, we can't do it here. Right. This is not possible. We can't do it in the locker room. Right. We can't do it in the premises. Like, this is a church. The ground you stand on is holy ground. It was to me. Yeah. Because to me it was like this, this place is, this is where I, this is where I'm serious. This is like a different place. The rest of the world is the rest of the world. But in this place, I control myself. I controlled the environment. I, I, I exist by the rules. And there's very strict rules. You bow every, even if no one was around, I bowed to the flag every time I entered into the dojang To the flag.


Always. Yeah. What did that Re It was a Korean flag. Yeah. Yeah. So what did that represent? Just represented respect, Re respect for the country, For the space that you're in. Like you're bowing before you enter this space. Like, it didn't matter if it was a flag, it wasn't really bowing to South Korea. I was bowing to the idea that this is a very sacred space that I'm going into. Yeah. In my zen training over the years, we did a lot of bowing to statues, to people, to images, to photographs, You know, before we ate we would, You know, bow to the food. Mm. Yeah. It's lots of bowing. It's an interesting experience to bow, to really kind of get yourself together and lower your head and be humble to be, You know, like in the presence of something greater.


Yeah. I think it's beneficial for people. I think that kind of voluntary humility is very important. And if you can establish that as an ethic and sort of get into your psychology. Well, You know, it's really important to be humble. I've been studying about humility. There's this, this great line. Humility is the ladder through which one can grasp every other good thing. Ooh, that is great. Yeah. Yeah. I try to read this once a week and That really is great. Yeah. And I'm gonna be really humble. I might be the most humble person there ever was. I like how you got that. You actually photocopied that. Yeah. Like it's got the darkness where the binder is in the center.


Yeah. Yeah. It's a serious thing. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. That's awesome. What a great quote. Yeah. It's like, to not be humble, it's like it's, we like our sports stars to not be humble. And that's about it. Everybody else. We appreciate a little humility. Even sports stars, You know, praise Jesus or something. Well, I mean, can you be too humble? Sure. Yeah. Which would look like what? Well, you can be too humble in the sense that you don't have confidence in your ability to do something that is sort of open, some open-ended. You don't know how it's gonna turn out something where it's dangerous. You're gonna take a risk. You have to be bold.


You have to, you have to have enough confidence in yourself that you can navigate a thing that very few people navigate. You know, if you choose to start your own business, if you choose to like, quit what you're doing and go on a journey Because you really feel compelled to do, have other life experiences. If you're too humble, you might not be willing to bet on yourself. And I think that would ultimately be bad. Yeah. I think one of the things too about being too humble, as you just suppress all of your feelings, you, you think you should have no feelings at all. In other words, You know, responding to things in your world in insults or harm being, You know. Right. So you can get in a bad relationship and have someone yelling at you all the time and you just, you're humble.


You handle it Well. If you think you're humble, you might not be able to handle it. Although you might pretend that you are. Well, if you pretend long enough, you become humble. Yeah. You could become, You know what I always tell guys? I say this whenever possible. You should aspire to be the person you pretend to be when you're trying to get laid. Like, who do you, who do you pretend to be when you're trying to get laid? You pretend to be really interesting. Really nice, really kind. Just why wouldn't it be easier? Just be that person. Like, but there's like a success aspect of the courtship thing where you wanna like show your success, which is anti humble.


Yeah. But you gotta be careful with doing it. 'cause then you look braggy. But you want to like show the person that you're dating, that you're valuable. You're a person who can accomplish things. But so many people just put on a show when they're meeting people. Like they're dating, they put on a show. They pretend to be someone who they're not. I'm like, wouldn't have you better if you just become that person? Well, I think that's one of the advantages of Zoom is there's no pressure when you first meet someone Who, who's having zoom dates. Are people doing that? I've done it. Hmm. How are you? You freak. It's a good move. Yeah. It's like almost like a podcast. Well, and you wouldn't necessarily feel the pressure to, You know, go to bed right away.


Of course. And you don't feel the pressure to like, have to get out of the situation. If it doesn't go well, you can just kind of hang up. Bye. Yeah. And you can, You meet somebody, it's rough. You don't wanna just abandon them. Well, you can keep it low profile too. You could just be in your bathroom, You know, sitting on the toilet, You know, talking to your friend. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Keeping it low profile, keeping it casual. But like, if you look at the numbers, you're seeing the numbers of the way people met in the past versus today, I think it's 25% meet online now and get married. I think it's more than that. Oh wow. I think it's a, a really high percentage of people who meet today meet online. But the thing is, is this was a video, So it showed like 19 hundreds.


Yeah. Or like, everybody sort of met either through family or through church or that kind of deal. Yeah. And then over time it becomes, women enter the workplace and then people are meeting people at work and then the internet comes along. It just, Yeah. What do you think of arranged marriages? Well, it sounds terrible. It sounds like you don't have any choice. And if you have domineering parents, then your parents are gonna match you up with somebody else's kid because they're friends with this guy and You know, this, this guy's son is looking for a wife, and you're a lady that has a dad that tells you what to do.


And you're like, what am I, why? Right. I don't wanna marry this guy. I don't even know this guy. Well, your parents would need to be straight shooters. You want, you would want, if Your parents are straight shooters, would they be doing an arranged marriage In, in certain cultures? Yeah. There are a lot of arranged marriages. And I, I think they do tend to work out. I haven't looked at the data, but they couldn't do worse than the marriage's, You know, success. Right. Nowadays, if You could leave a little pad of paper and a pen to slaying around so they could write you a note, but no one knows about it, what's, what's really going on? I bet it'd be like a message in the bottle. Like, come save me Out. Me. How's Linda doing over there? Oh, she loves it. She loves this arranged marriage. Linda's like, save me. She can't go anywhere. Yeah. Where's she gonna go if you're in the kind of controlling culture that even considers an arranged marriage?


You know, I mean, it's a very strict culture. Not saying it's negative, but it's very strict. And if you have great parents and they, they're really wise in their choices, and you're in a culture that has an arranged marriage, and your parents are like super kind and generous, and they trust you and they love you, and they think you're amazing, and then they want to hook you up with an amazing person, maybe it can work out. But generally, I think you should give people the freedom to do whatever they want to do. And maybe that lady never wants to get married. Maybe she's decided at like, I don't like how this is, I wanna throw myself into my work. I want to travel the world. I wanna do this. Like, you could do whatever the fuck you want to do Yeah. In your ride.


Yeah. That wouldn't have work in those kinds of cultures. Wouldn't No. Wouldn't work. So I don't like that. So I don't like that. I don't like anything where people are telling you what to do. And that's what an arranged marriage is. It's someone's telling you what to do. If you can't say no. I mean, I don't know, maybe I'm ignorant. Okay. I should say like, maybe an arranged marriage is a proposal. Like they propose it's arranged marriage and they both agree on it. Maybe if that's what you're Into. I think that's the case that if there's no chemistry at all and the woman or the guy says, forget it, I'm not interested. I think you're free to Well, I would hope so To end it. Yeah. But I would guarantee you that's not always the case. Especially in some more restrictive parts of the world where women, You know, are forced to like, follow completely different rules than the men.


Mm. Which is a, You know, a reality of the world we're living in today. I know there's parts of the world where they think in our, a very archaic way, and women are second class citizens. I mean, the mid east, I mean, look at that place. It's, it's just, It is a blaze. Yeah. It's a blaze. Well, I have a good friend of mine who came on the podcast recently and was talking about his experiences in Afghanistan and how crazy it is there. And he's like, it's like you're going back in time a thousand years, like the way women are treated and children are treated, the amount of pedophiles and the open molestation of boys and just Yeah.


Murder. And Why do you think, at least in particular, You know, that Jerusalem is just, You know, such a hotbed? It's, it's a point of contact and conflict for all three major religions. Mm. Islam, Christianity. Right. And I mean, Judaism all claim that small bit of land. I wonder what it is about that, that that part of the world. Well, it's gotta be from the Bible, right? I mean, that's the, the significance of it as holy land, You know, that the, the concept of holy land is always so, So it, if there's a place where it, it is literally in the Bible that this is the place where Jesus is going to return to, well, this is gonna be a place where people do battle over.


Like you, you can't let the enemy control the place where Jesus comes back to. 'cause what if Jesus comes back and they immediately snuff 'em out because they're Islamists. Right. Oh, well, it goes even further back than that. You know, it was the location of the temple. The, the temple of the God of the Hebrews was built in Jerusalem. Wow. The first and the second. How much history is there? Like how far does it go back? Well, You know, Judaism began, what, maybe 4,000 years ago. And the first temple was built, oh gosh, I should know this. It stood for 400 years, then it was destroyed. And the second temple lasted around 400 years. It was destroyed in, You know, 70 ce, the second temple, when was the first, You know, temple in existence, Jamie.


So even if that's, if that's the timeline. So that we're, we're looking at about 4,000 years. You know, like Abraham, You know, the first of the Hebrews lived around 18, 1800 BCE. So 2000 BCE, the first known mention of the city. So that's 2000, 2000 before current era in middle kingdom, Egyptian ex, how do you say that? Excretion. Excretion texts. What does that mean? Execration test? Execration. Oh, oh, curses. Curses. Yeah.


Yeah. Really? Yeah. Execration are curses, extreme curses. Really? Yeah. If you exec equate someone, you are really cursing them. Ancient Egyptian atic text listing the enemies of the Pharaoh. Most often the enemies of Egyptian state are troublesome foreign neighbors. The texts were most often written upon statues of bound foreigners. Yeah, Yeah. Bulls or what was the other word that said there? It said bulls or it's blocked Out execration texts. Yeah. Oh. Or blocks of clay or stone. Wow. Yeah. I wouldn't wanna be on the receiving end of it. Egyptian execration text.


Jesus. How wild. Yeah. So Jerusalem is an old city, and You know, the temples were there a long, long time ago. Yeah. And You know, the location of the temples relates to dreams of Jacob who was laying on the ground and on a stone and, You know, made of a, a vow, You know, to God, You know, the god of the Hebrews who, You know, Jacob was, was communing with to build the house of the Lord there. And so, You know, there's a long history of, at that part of the world being associated with the patriarchs and with the temple, You know, Christianity has an association to Jerusalem because of, of Jesus.


I'm not sure what the connection between Islam and Jerusalem is. I it is, You know, clearly more recent. Well, isn't it always a sort of situation where when someone really likes a thing, everybody wants it? Yeah. You know? Well, there's things called greed, envy and jealousy. Yeah. I've always, You know, liked the distinction among those three qualities. Here it says Jerusalem is revered by Muslims as the third holiest place on earth. And the pilgrimage to Jerusalem is viewed as an optimal, optional, rather compliment to the pilgrimage, to Mera the hodge. Unlike the hodge, the pilgrim pilgrimage to gr Jerusalem is undertaken individually at any time of the year.


Well, You know, I've never been to Israel. Now's not a good time. No, no. And You know, there's this thing called the Jerusalem complex. Yeah, I've heard of that Before. Yeah. You are like, You think you're a messiah when you get there. Right. I'm the Messiah. Right. So, You know, that might be a problem. You could see how it'd really be a problem if someone was inclined to that, You know, headed in that direction. Well, I think, You know, one of the problems with the current, You know, psychedelic scene is this messianism, You know, there's going to heal everything. There'll be world peace, it'll be a utopia. There's also, I think, a prevalence of this kind of spiritual narcissism.


That's Oh, good. I'm glad you see that. Yeah. It's important. It's a prevalence of it. It seems like there's a lot of people that attach themselves to this thing and then use this to behave in a completely different way. They behave like they're the per instead of a, a person who's experiencing it like everybody else. They're like a leader. Right. And I think there's a real danger in that, expressing these thoughts to other people as pure facts. You know, the way to live your life. Like, listen, you don't know how. Stop. Okay. There's ways, there's ways you've learned to live your life better because of that, and you should be just talking about those experiences. But when you start giving people instruction and how to do things, and then, You know, organizing people together, I think that's a symptom of this spiritual narcissism.


That people, if you're attached to this, you're attached to something divine. Which we, I think we would both agree. It is, you can imagine that you are divine or you can project that you are divine. You know? And I think there's a temptation to do that. Well, I think it strengthens preexisting, You know, for example, a personality traits like you're saying. Like if you're a narcissistic person and you trip, you'll just get more enamored with yourself and more convinced that what you think is true. And that Seems terrible. Yeah. Well, that's one of the dark sides of Psychedelics That, well, that's weird, right? Because as you were saying before, like there's people that wanna think it's like cure all.


It's not necessarily, it's a tool. And if it was a cure all, it would've already cured us. We, we would've been cured like thousands of years ago. We would've, people would've worked out all this nonsense. Right, right. I think it just works on what's already in your head. You may not acknowledge it or think about it or even remember it. And You know, Psychedelics will shed light on what's already there. Well, how about the Vikings? Right? What about the Vikings? I mean, they would take mushrooms before they kill people. The berserkers. Yeah. Yeah, the berserkers. Well see, I mean, you could do anything. You already That's what I'm saying, You know, believe in. Yeah. Yeah. And something you're already, You know, you're inclined to believe. You believe that it's good to go slaughter people.


Well, I, I think that's one of the interesting things about, about, You know, Brian Mur rescue's book. Mm. Is that I don't think these ideas came from the drugs. I think they were just made more manifest, more meaningful, more real than they were before, You know, because of, of the drugs, You know, so if you're a Viking and you want to go out and kill, if you're living in a religious community with certain beliefs and you want to believe them even more firmly Mm. Or practice more intensely, You know, Psychedelics could have that effect. That makes sense. I mean, again, like we're talking about like the culture that you live in is that this is the view this, the, the whatever the constraints of that culture, this is the window in which you view the world, you view it through this culture, and you view it through these, these belief systems that you have sort of adopted over time.


Yeah. I think that's what's going on. That's what's going on with the beings in the DMT world. I, I don't think they are necessarily free standing intelligences, but, You know, they're the way our, our culture, our, our personal culture and our larger culture and, and wrap in a Visible, in, in a Visible, You know, form certain information, certain kinds of input, either from the outside world or in your own mind, You know? So it's, You know, culture specific. I think, You know, the visions, You know, that you would see. I don't think they're like aliens from another planet, although I kind of thought that in the beginning. But as time has gone on and I've heard more and more stories, I'm more inclined to believe these are simply, You know, projections.


You know, taking the garb of, You know, the personal, You know, milieu. Yeah. Maybe that's the problem. The problem is, yeah, maybe. Yeah. Because like, you can go down that road and just decide, oh, no, no, no. What these are, these are thoughts and thoughts, have a consciousness of their own. And we think of them as being independent, like that, that they're just created by the human mind. But no, the human mind's probably tuning into these things and they can appear as entities. I think thoughts might be a living thing. Well, They could be Sounds stupid to say out loud. Yeah. But the idea is everything that exists on Earth that humans have created, every single one of 'em came from an idea, which is weird.


Yeah. 'cause it's had so much of an impact. So much of an impact on the world. Well, You know, one of the ideas in the, in the medieval, You know, philosophers was that, is that, You know, thought or, You know, thoughts are intermediaries between you and God. You know, they're angels which are exchanged between you and some divine external, You know, source of information. You know. So if you're thinking of how thoughts have directed the world's, You know, growth, I mean, you could even extrapolate to, well, You know, maybe it's, You know, the divine, You know, plan, You know, for humanity.


Well, there's certainly something going on. If you just, if you objectively just step outside of human culture and just watch the world, it's certainly moving in a very specific direction. And that direction is tech very much technologically driven. There's something really crazy going on in a, in a technological direction. And then all that stuff is coming from ideas. So ideas are popping into people's heads. They're over the course of hundreds and thousands of years. These ideas are propagated and given to other people, and they expand upon them. And then more ideas take place, and then more execution of these ideas. And it changes the landscape and changes the ocean, And it changes the seas.


It's very, very weird. Well, I think it's, You know, case of cause and effect certain, You know, causes, produce certain effects and the rules of nature, let's say, or the rules of, of thought, You know, like how the brain creates thought. You know, they are, You know, regulated in a particular manner. You know, there's an order to chemistry. Certain chemical reactions occur for this or that reason. Y You know, so it's as if, You know, the system is already set up to encourage certain behaviors, have certain ones, certain ideas form, and other ones not form, You know, cause and effect.


If you, You know, like if something, You know, bad happens to you, it's because of what happened before. Something good happens to you, it's because of what happened before. You know? So you learn from your experience to do things that result in you feeling better, You know, positive outcome, You know? So, You know, the system is, is, is developed that way. That, You know, that, for example, if, if you get angry, you might stub your toe, You know, that's how it works. And you're in pain and you think, oh, I shouldn't be angry. Or you're nice to someone and they're nice to you as opposed to being mean to you. So, You know, I think, You know, the world, I think existence on a setup in a certain way to encourage certain behaviors and discourage others.


Y You know, that's what's weird. I think, You know, the technological stuff is pretty interesting now. Yeah. You know, but it be speaks like a, You know, larger, You know, phenomenon, which is, You know, how, You know, cause and effect has been set up. Well, it's how cause and effect has been set up. But it's also, there is a, there's a very weird competitive drive towards technological innovation that exists with people because it's attached to monetary gain. Right. And the companies that are involved in the most technological sophisticated work, whether it's AI or whether it's social media, like when you're programming things in giant scale, it's incredibly profitable.


Incredibly profitable. And the technology moves along with the profit. And ultimately it's gonna make a being. It's pretty close. Pretty close to making a being. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think the future lies as much in, You know, genetic engineering as well. Oh yeah. It's not like it's binary. Right? It's only this one thing or nothing. Yeah. Yeah. I think the, You know, biological and manipulation and the ai, You know, development's gonna be, it's, I think it's going to produce a hybrid. 100%. I think so too. I think that's the only way we live.


I think we have to like, accept the fact that they're here. Right. And join them. Because I think as biological meat vehicles we're just too limited. Our evolution's too slow. You know, it's like, we're like, if you decided to run your entire business on a laptop from 1995, like it's too slow. You can't do that anymore. Like, you have to catch up if you want to be a part of this world today. And that's not that long. 1995 was 29 years ago, which is crazy. That's not that long ago. That that laptop's useless. Yeah. So in what kind of ways has AI impacted you? It, it hasn't impacted. It hasn't yet. Yeah, it hasn't Impacted me. Well, it has in visually. I've seen a lot of like really wild things online.


There's a bunch of 'em. Like, there's one that I posted that some guy made. It's Donald Trump playing credence. Clearwater Revival. Yeah. On a guitar. Yeah. Pull it off on my Instagram. You should see this. And, and Kamala Harris is in it. And, and Macron from, or Justin Trudeau's in it. But it's, it's so realistic. I mean, it's obviously not like you look at you like, I know it's not really them, but it's so close. It's weird. Do you like credence? Love credence? Yeah. Yeah. I love credence. And it's a fortunate son. So it's a banger song. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great song. Which one is It? It's Donald Trump. You see Donald Trump playing guitar?


I No. Senator son. It's pretty recent. Scroll down. Oh, keep going. There it is. Oh, okay. Gimme some volume. Look at Putin's on the drums. Kamala Harris is wearing a witch hat. Look at that. Hey, come on man. Gimme volume. Oh, we can't bo drums in. We get in trouble with the YouTube police. Look at that. Kim Jong-Un Biden. This is crazy. Look how good this is though. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's not quite good enough where you can't tell that it's AI generated, but it's unbelievably close. Yeah.


Obama's the joker. How bizarre. Yeah. It's so weird, right? Isn't It weird? Yeah, it is hilarious. It's scary though. It is. And Jamie was just talking about soa, that there's a new version of soa It wasn released. Was it today? Yeah. I'm waiting for it to show up my account, but yeah, everybody's got What Up? I can Use Sora. SOA is SORA is a new video generator through ai. So you put in prompts. So show him the Japanese one. I'm gonna show. So this Jap or, or is there new stuff? There's All sorts of stuff, yeah. Oh, okay. So, so the Japanese one was incredible. So it's like, show me a street in Japan where the snow's falling and You know, like a drone shot from overhead.


So you see these people And it looks entirely like a real scene. All right. Yeah. So this is a nine. It looks absolutely like someone's filming. This is nine months Old. So this is just older stuff, but this's like a prompt for puppies in snow. Look at this. Alright. Who doesn't like puppies? Who doesn't like puppies? But that's fake. This is what's crazy. Yeah. Like, this is all generated by AI and it's pretty indistinguishable. Yeah. I mean it, look at this. This is all ai. Whoa. Nuts. Good thing I'm not on drugs. I know. You'd be like, what? Look at this. This is ai. Yeah. Incredible. That's insane. This is waves hitting the rocks. Yeah. A movie trailer.


And, You know, actors are fucked. Like they're in real trouble. 'cause you can make movies like this now. Well, so are writers. Writers are fucked. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think writers are as fucked as actors are though, because some writers, like, You know, there's the Quentin Tarantinos of the world that are just gonna take turns because of just his own psychology that you're not gonna take, You know, like where Stephen King when he was younger. Mm. Like, I don't think you're ever gonna be able to write Carrie on a, on a computer. You know? I think, I think you need the human experience for some stuff that's creative, but not for the video. Yeah. Well, it, it touches upon creativity. Like, is creativity the difference between AI and humans?


Well, maybe it's not. And that's what's really scary. 'cause we like to think that's the one thing that we have above AI is we're a creative. Right. Well, the, yeah. Great. Get it to write a Beatles song. What if it writes a way better Beatles song The Beatles could ever write. You know, what if it knows what's really gonna move you? You know what if it writes, writes a she crow song that makes you cry, You know, then you're fucked. Yeah. Yeah. Then it's X Machina, then it knows. Did you ever see X Mina? Yeah. Yeah. I Love That movie. Yeah. It wasn pretty great. Then One of our top 10 all time favorite movies. Yeah. Because it's, it so rang true. Like there was not a moment in that movie where I was like, bullshit. Get outta here. Yeah. It's so rang true that that thing that they would be able to manipulate you super easily.


Especially if you're a young man and you're, You know, awkward with women. And it's this perfect woman who just happens to be a robot. Yeah. Like, who cares if she's a robot? Yeah. Well, that's funny. The version of the thing by John Carpenter is my, it was one of my favorite movies. Oh, it wasn great. Yeah. You know, they're both body horror in a way. Yeah. Sort of. Right. Because they, You know, You know, they're a robot. Right. Isn't human, You know, that's horrible. Right, right. Or It could Be. It's pretending to be though. And it's tricking you. Just like the thing, Just like the thing did. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. The John Carpenter one is awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I've watched that twice. And both times I regretted it because every time I closed my eyes, there would be visions of these, these like mutations happening.


Yeah. And it wasn another one. It wasn up in the freezing cold. Yeah. Trapped up there. There was a new one of that they did in the, I think the early two thousands. It was pretty good. Yeah. It was the prequel, apparently. Yeah. Was it? Yeah. Well they used a lot of CGI rather than practical effects, like the carpenter version did. Right. Yeah. Right. Which makes it, for whatever reason, not the uncanny valley. You don't really think it's happening. Yeah. It seems kind of fake. Yeah. When they use the visual effects. Like, I've had Rick Baker on the podcast. Oh, really? Wow. Yeah. And You know, like things like the American werewolf in London, he used like a real physical thing. And it looks like a physical thing.


This, this, You know, robot or whatever it is that bites a person. This thing that he's pushing towards you, it looks real. And can you only see it for a brief second? But your brain registers, that's a physical thing. Whereas if you see the video, your brain registers, well that looks cool. Right. But I don't think it's really there. Yeah. Yeah. So it is, It is a visual effect. It's not a, You know, a, I mean, practical effect. Right. Exactly. And you have to, there's a suspension of disbelief, right. Like, do you ever see I am legend. It's a good example of it. Yeah. I am Legend was cool, but it was like 2000. What, when was that? When was I am legend? 2004 Sounds right.


Is that about right? Seven. Seven. Okay. Back then they weren't that good. So there's a scene where the lions are in the park, like in the streets. Like they have lions out there. 'cause the civilizations collapsed. I seen the Zoos open. I've Seen. Yeah. Yeah. It looks so fake. Yeah. Well, can you see like an intersection between AI and Psychedelics? Like, You know, could you give, You know, You know, could you give a robot LSD or You know, something Like It? Well, no, what I was gonna say is, I think AI can give you some, and McKenna actually talked about this as well, that he believed that with virtual reality and computer simulations of trips, it will get to a point of sophistication where you can visually simulate exactly what a psychedelic trip is.


You know? And then there becomes this real possibility within our lifetime of recording dreams. Now, if you can record a dream, can you record a psychedelic state? Sure. Well, I mean, why not? Yeah. Right. Right. If they can, I mean, I don't know how far away they are. Let's say they're 50 years away from being able to do, do something like this. But if they can map out all of the synapse in your brain and all of the, the different neurochemistry that's going on, if they can map that out and then attach it to some sort of a, some ability to visually record what you're experiencing, and they can then have something like through a neural implant like Neuralink or something like that, and then completely put you in the exact state that this person is having when they're on nine grams of mushrooms, that, that totally seems Like it.


If we can send video through the sky And it lands on your phone, it looks perfect. I think that's doable. I think that's doable within X amount of years. I mean, I, I, it's not a thing like cloning people through a a, a printer, like that's too far away. But I think the, the idea of recording your thoughts and then figuring out what causes different reactions inside people's body, how your visual cortex interplays with all these different chemicals that are going on inside of your brain. Yeah. I think it could be a mass telepathic experience. Like if everybody was Oh, yeah. Sharing the same experience at the same time. Yeah.


Well, I think that definitely, I think that definitely and definitely the possibility of a completely universal language, especially if we can enhance our brains. So if what, what they're talking about with Neuralink is, You know, multiple steps of implic of, of use. Right. Multiple steps of the way they're going to have this first, they're gonna use it for people that are disabled. Like we had, the guy in here was the very first Neuralink patient. Oh, very Cool. It was very cool. He plays video games and he's like, his, his eyes are like an aim bot.


So wherever he looks at it shoots. 'cause like he can, he can move his eye instead of hand-eye coordination. Right. It's just eye coordination. So he knows Exactly. So it's like instantaneous visuals on things. So he's like really good at video games with this, and that's better than not having that. So he plays better with the Neuralink than a person like myself would with just hand coordination with your hand. Yeah. Yeah. So you would imagine that if it can do that better, the next thing it's gonna be able to do is restore vision. And if they can restore vision, and then they can create artificial eyes, you can have things like night vision. You can have thermal imagery. You're gonna be able to do things with your eyes that a biological eye can't do.


And we might get to the point within, You know, our lifetime or our grandchildren's lifetime, where people get rid of their eyes really quick. 'cause your eyes are bullshit. Like your eyes don't even see through walls. Like, what do these stupid fucking biological eyes. Yeah. Yeah. And then the next thing You know, you've got something that enhances your brain and gives you complete access to the internet instantaneously. Just through the mind, just through this implant and through the mind. And then everybody gets together and says, listen, I would like to learn Swahili. I'd like to learn Portuguese and Chinese. I don't have the time. No one has the time to learn 190 languages or whatever there are out there. Why don't we all just create one universal language?


Do you think people would want that? I don't think leaders would want that. Yeah. Because it would lead to, You know, everybody talking with everybody else. I don't, Russia would be down with that. They'd probably censor it. Well, there was a time, You know, back in, You know, the, You know, the Tower of a Babel? Yeah. Every, everybody spoke one language. One tongue. Yeah. And, You know, look what they did. Yeah. They just built a big tower and You know, God looked down and said, You know, know they have one language in one tongue, and look at what they do. Do you, what do you think, like when you think of biblical stories, what do I mean? I've, I I've spent far too much time speculating about the origins, but I'd like to know, like, what do you think it wasn?


Well, I think the stories could be seen as if they were real, You know, kind of like the DMT world at, at a certain point I had to look at the DMT world as if it were real. Otherwise, I would suggest it was, You know, something else. It was psychoanalytic, psychodynamic stuff. It was Jung and archetypes. It was your brain on drugs. But if I, You know, took as an act of faith that it was a real world, I treated it as if it were real. And you, You know, that's the way I approach the bible, the Bible stories as if they were real. Like It if, if, if you read it carefully, it's a very coherent, You know, picture of creation, of history, of the relationship between the spiritual and human worlds.


And if you just enter it rather than interpret it as, You know, something else, then it starts opening up in, in a way that is quite interesting. Like, You know, for example, the flood or well, You know, for example, You know, the tower a Babel. Yeah. You know, like if you look at the, You know, preceding chapters after the flood, You know, God told man to spread out, You know, to populate the world Because it was just Noah and his family after the flood. And then they had children. And You know, You know, the, You know, You know, the directive was just, You know, was, was to repopulate the earth. Right. And instead, You know, they built this tower, You know, so, You know, people kind of wonder, You know, why was the generation of the tower, You know, punished as it were by being dispersed, and their languages were confused.


But yeah. You know, so it's a, it it's a COHEs, it's a, You know, cohesive whole, You know, the stories, You know, build upon each other. You know, there's history, certain things occurred because of the behavior of certain people, certain ideas, certain practices. Yeah. You know, So it isn't as if it were, You know, something else other than what you're reading. And that makes it important to understand the language it's written in, what You know, which is Hebrew. You know. So if, if you really want to understand at least the Hebrew Bible, what some call the Old Testament, you really need to know the Hebrew language, Because you can make the translation for yourself.


Mm. You know, they say all translation is interpretation. Right. You know, so if You know the language directly, you can then make your own interpretation. Yeah. Ancient Hebrew would be the most fascinating one to read it in. It's Incredible, Because you could understand it. Yeah. I, I re Do you read it? Yeah. I retaught myself biblical Hebrew. Wow. How long did that take? Oh, I don't know. 16 years maybe. That's Incredible. Well, you have these big old dictionaries, right? Right. These concordances. Yeah. And each of the words has a three letter root. Right. Yeah. And, You know, just depending on context, it can mean a lot of different things.


Right. And every time they appear for the first time, I would, You know, scribble in the margin of the text. You know what this means? Yeah. So you self-taught. Yeah. Yeah. Well, as, as a kid, I took, You know, I went to Hebrew school a a few hours every week. And I learned conversational Hebrew at modern Hebrew. Mm. You know, so that gave me a leg up when I started learning biblical Hebrew. How different is biblical Hebrew from conversational Hebrew? Very different. They're really Byzantine word forms and grammar and words that appear once and never again in, You know, the biblical version of Hebrew once modern once.


Right. One word appears, one, You know, once in the whole, You know, 22 books of text. What's the word? Oh, well, there's a number of those words. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. They're called, they're called axes. Whoa. H-A-P-A-X-E. Yeah. They appear only one time in the text. They have to figure out what, what that means. Whoa. Can you guess because of context? Yeah. You, you can guess because of context. You can also, you can guess because of neighboring languages like Hitite or a Kdn or Ian or Sumerian. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so it's an amazing language. I love the Hebrew language.


That's one of the things that really got me hooked. It's very, You know, it's extremely rational, but it's really telegraphic too. You could write one word that may encapsulate the meaning of six or eight words. You could put together a biblical Hebrew word, for example, that might say, I found, let's see. Boy, I really have to think that through. But you can, you, you can combine a lot of ideas in one single word. You know, that's, You know, the gist of it. So when we are thinking about the world, and we're using words, we're confined by the way the English language interprets the world.


Exactly. Yeah. And that's one of the things I loved learning about young biblical Hebrew. Is it, You know, the grammatical forms open a window to parts of reality that just are ignored all of the time. You know, there's a notion of the reflexive tense, which means you're doing something to yourself. So, for example, you might say, I sat down, or I sat myself down, and I sat myself down as, You know, the reflexive Mm. I, and I sat down as what's, You know, called the perfect. Yeah. You know, so the convolutions of grammar really opened windows to, You know, views of, You know, relationships that were invisible before.


And if you are using this, and you are reading these ancient, ancient stories and trying to interpret them, and then trying to break it down into English or Greek or Latin or whatever they did, The first translation was Greek. And after that Latin, Have you ever done any reading of the Dead Sea Scrolls? You know, I haven't really, I've read about them, but I haven't read any of the scrolls themselves. You know, one of my longstanding projects is translation in commentary on Genesis, because of Genesis is 1200 pages so far.


Whoa. Yeah. So I'm not sure how I'm going to ever get, You know, that, You know, published. But I think if I, You know, could condense it to, You know, something more manageable, it would be an interesting read for people. So what are you doing with it? What are you doing with this? Like, when, when you set out, what was your goal? Well, it was an expedient kind of reaction. I was, You know, scribbling notes into the margins of my copy of, of the book of Genesis. And there was just no more room. So I said, I gotta put this into a Word file. Yeah. So I'm gonna put, put it into a Word file. And it was pretty big. Yeah. So I'm still working through, well, there's all these commentaries to the text. You can't, You know, know the score without a scorecard.


Right. You know, without a program. Yeah. You know, so there's a lot of very interesting and intelligent, You know, commentators. So those would be a lot of the notes that I would write down. And I was compiling all of these interesting perspectives on the text. Wow. So are you reading it in ancient Hebrew? Yeah. Oh, Yeah. And I'm both doing my own translation and on, You know, collating, You know, the commentaries from 20, or, You know, 30 different, You know, You know, commentators. So when you are doing your own translating, are you comparing it to other translations and seeing how other people interpreted it?


You know, mostly other Jewish translations are There, But there, are there a lot of straight from ancient Hebrew to English? Or is it a lot of like two Greek and then to Latin and then to English? Like how, how are they usually done? Or how were they originally done? Well, the first translation was to Aramaic and then to Greek, and then I think to either Arabic or to Latin. So the first translation was the Dead Sea Scrolls, as far as we know. Well, the translation of the Bible itself, You know, the, the five books, the first five books, and then the intervening, You know, 17, the prophets and whatnot. You know, those were, You know, translated into, You know, different languages, You know, book to book, You know, the Dead Sea Scrolls are both, You know, books of the Bible with slight modifications or completely independent, You know, kinds of text.


How many of them are books of the Bible? How many of the stories I think Isaiah was found in the Dead Sea caves. Maybe some Ezekiel, maybe some Leviticus, You know, You know, like a number, You know. But not the whole Was Ezekiel the same as it was in the Old Testament? Mostly. Mostly there are modifications though, with, You know, the Dead Sea translations, You know, versus the ones we read today. Ezekiel's the wildest One. Ezekiel really got me hooked on the whole DMT endogenous spiritual experience kind of motif. Yeah. The, the visions of Ezekiel chapter one. Yeah. I mean, there's, You know, there's this, You know, roaring sound, and he falls down and an angel picks him up and there's like you, You know, blue ice above and a roaring sound, And a wheel within a wheel.


The wheels and, and the angels with the wings and the eyes on their wings is completely DMT, like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean, I was really impressed with the overlap of the two sets of experiences. The UFO community latches onto Ezekiel as well. Yeah. You know, the, the depictions. I was, I saw an image today. I should have, should have saved it and sent it to Jamie. But it was angels. It was in a visual interpretation, like a drawing of angels as described in the Bible. And these angels look like flying crafts. They look like flying geometric patterns.


Yeah. I'm trying to remember. It is a German guy, I think, who was really into, Yeah, this, that's The Visions not what I saw today, but it was something like that. It was something like that. It wasn what it was, Jamie. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly what it was. With A gyroscope. Yeah. Like this is angels as described in the Bible. Yeah. Yeah. The four, You know, the four faces, A lion, a bear, a man, and an eagle. Who is that drawing by, I don't know, just a, the chariot vision of Ezekiel V Danin or something.


Oh, Eric v Danin, that guy. Yeah. I think That, no, no, no. That can't be it. I think that that's just an, an old art piece. Hanem. See, go. Go to the Wikipedia again, Jamie, so we can get the description. It didn't Have anything. It just said it was a typical traditional depiction. Oh, okay. So it doesn't say who Yeah. Like a wood cutting of some Sort. But that is kind of how it was described. It's the Von Danin thing is fascinating. I had lunch with him once Where Peter Thiel's house. Oh, Cool. Yeah. So Eric Weinstein said, Hey, I would like you to come to this lunch. We're gonna do with Eric Von Danin.


You know a lot about that guy stuff. I'm like, oh, I know everything about that guy. Stuff. Like, I've seen chariots of the Gods like fucking 10 times. I've watched a hundred interviews with this guy. It was very, he's like all in on the idea that UFOs created all this stuff and they're all flying spacemen and Well, who created the UFOs? That's a real good question. He doesn't have that Yeah. Information. Yeah. That's the first question I would ask him. But It's, You know, it's an, he's, he's a very nice guy. I don't wanna say anything bad about him. And I really enjoyed Chariots of the Gods. It's a fun movie. It's like, have you ever seen it? No. It's wonderful. Yeah. It's from like 1976. I played in the movie theaters.


I remember when it came out. Yeah. What year is Chariots of the Gods? It's pretty old. But in it, You know, he's all in on everything being evidence that UFOs were here and a lot of like real sketchy connections, in my opinion. I'm more inclined to go the Graham Hancock, Rendell Carlson route. I think there was a very sophisticated civilization that existed. Like Yeah. What year? 19 70, 70. Damn. But we, I saw in the movie theater when I was a little kid. Yeah. But I think that it's, there's real evidence that there was a sophisticated civilization that the Egyptian pyramids are enough.


It's just like, whatever the hell was going on there, that it wasn an insanely sophisticated civilization that existed 4,500 years ago at least. And probably went back quite a bit further than that. You know, according to their hieroglyphs, it went back 30,000 years, You know? Yeah. And whatever was going on there was pretty incredible. And I think to just say that the aliens did it, it seems a little, a little silly. 'cause there's no evidence that the aliens did it. There's evidence that there was people around back then. Yeah. It's a case of Occam's razor, You know, the most, You know, sensible explanation is probably the most likely. Yeah. But then there's also so many stories of us being visited in almost every ancient culture.


Well, You know, is that like being visited or just the experience of being visited? Are they the same thing? Well, one would be, You know, physically manifest and the other would just be manifest in, in the mind. Well, I think a lot of people are starting to lean in this general direction of that, of that perhaps we are trying to measure something that cannot be measured. Perhaps we're trying to like, put something on a scale that does not necessarily physically exist, but also has the attributes of something that physically exists. Or they can manifest something that physically exists.


But what it's a, it's kind of an illusion. And the whole thing is kind of going on simultaneously, interdimensionally. And that this is why we struggle with our definitions and our, just our overall acceptance of even the possibility of it being real. I mean, people, I think most people, when you talk to them about UFOs, if they don't have any skin in the game, they'll tell you. They believe in UFOs. They'll tell you, we think they think we've been visited because it's fun. But if you said to them, if you had to bet everything you have, everything you have on the government has recovered crash UFOs, and that they visit us and they come from, You know, the palate star system and, and they've been here from the beginning of time.


Or there's weird conscious experiences, weird we, weird doors, portals of consciousness that open up that allow you to see things that might not, not necessarily be physically measurable, but also real. And that these things are what everybody's talking about in these ancient religious stories. These things are things that people are talking about when they claim they've been abducted by UFOs, then something landed. And, and even like the physical remnants of these crafts that might, all of it might be just a part of this very bizarre psychic experiment that's going on.


That as the mind expands its ability to understand other realms. And as the mind, like you have to think of, you don't have to. But the way I think of it is like, we didn't use to be able to see, So it was an emerging trait of single celled organisms. No sight. If you believe in evolution, it goes to multi-celled organisms, eventually goes to sight. So it's an emerging part of being a living thing that you can see. Then language we didn't use to be able to talk, now we talk freely. So there was an emerging thing, an ability that human beings had. And I think consciousness, psychic ability, precognition, remote viewing, all this stuff, for most people, that's a nonsense thought.


But I think the thought is so prevalent in so many different cultures. Psychic phenomena is discussed ubiquitously on, in every corner of the world. And I think it's probably an emerging part of being a human being. Well, do you think it's biologically based? It, it, it would need to be if it were, You know, universal like that Chemically based, biologically based. Yeah. I'm sure it probably has a lot to, to do with the diet of the, the creatures. Mm. Right. I mean, if, if, if humans are consistently, if you're in the Amazon, you're consistently taking ayahuasca and eating mushrooms and having rituals, you're probably in that realm more often than a regular person who eats McDonald's and drinks coffee at Starbucks and is stressed out.


'cause they work all day and is on SSRIs. You're probably not getting much of that at all. There's a lot of telepathy I think that occurs in those kinds of cultures. You know, they share dreams and they share visions. Very interesting. Well, You know, that that's what they try to initially call harming. Right? They discovered it. They try to call it telepathy. Telepathy, exactly. Right. Yeah. Right. But it already existed under the definition, under the, the nomenclature. They called it harming. So they had to like go, okay, well it's already named too bad. It was cool to call it telepathy. Right. It was, You know, synthesized by somebody and got that name. Yeah. But the people that were experiencing it, then when they wanted to name it telepathy, there was, they wanted to name it that because they were experiencing telepathic.


Right. They were having these weird experiences where they were sharing moments, Shared visions. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Well, I think you can share visions, just like you can share thoughts, You know, you can, or you share feelings. I think just a little more complex. The thing about that is if it's local and there's other communication, right? If you're both in the same room, and like your friend says, not the pyramid, like, oh, So I see the pyramid now, You know? Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Or if you guys are nowhere near each other, you can't hear each other. You can't. And then you independently write down what you experienced, and then that person says, that's exact. And they have the exact same thing. So they have no interaction with you before they write down what they experienced or recorded or what have you.


But they're the same. They're having the same thing. Yeah. Do You know of Rupert Sheldrake's work? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I've had Rupert on. You have? Okay, great. Yeah. I'm, so, he's spoken to you about his Morphic residence, His Morphic residence and his, and these large scale experiments with a lot of, of, You know, people from the public. They, You know, see, You know, like they will make, You know, cold calls and people are expecting them. You know, the dog knows it's gonna come your own, their owners going to come home much, You know, sooner or at a different time than Yeah. And they can sense it and they're ready. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so there is, You know, like awareness at a distance seems to be, but I, You know, I think it also must occur between people or things which have already got a strong relationship.


Yeah. Like rats, when they teach 'em how to do a maze on the east coast, they figure out how to do it quicker on the West Coast. You've seen those, right? Yeah. Yeah. And, You know, crystal formation. I was, You know, thinking about a dream I had once of my washing machine, I was traveling, and I had a dream about my washing machine that it stopped working. And I, You know, called home. And I said, You know, how's the washer? And she said, it's broken. I spoke to Rupert and I said, You know, can you explain that? And he said, you must have a strong relationship to your washing machine. Well, you knew it. Yeah. So it kinda makes sense. I mean, cross species, You know, cross life forms almost, You know, communication.


Well, I mean, do you think things would work out if there were universal language or, I mean, would we just, You know, build a tower of, You know, babble all over again? Or would we, like, do something, You know, good, You know, for everyone? I think we have the potential now because we're, we're if, if we can develop a universal language, when you have, you have real communication with people globally that's never existed before, instantaneous real communication through devices, that's never existed. So that's a different factor when you consider a, a universal language. So if you have real communication with people, then you have universal language.


And then here's the big one, the ability to detect deception. So if we really are all communicating through some sort of neural implant, and we really are doing this telepath, telepathically with a universal language, and we're experiencing each other's consciousness in a way that eliminates all possibility of deception. You could see envy, greed, anger. We, you could see these things into people's thoughts. If this becomes a possibility, and I think it's within the realm of science, I think it's within the realm of technological possibility.


When that does happen, it will mean a very different thing to be a human being. And I think it could be one of the greatest things that's ever happened, Because it would force us to only communicate at a, a higher level. You, you, there would be no benefit in bullshitting anymore. It would be the opposite. It would actually be detrimental. You'd be ostracized. No one would want to communicate with you anymore. Well, you'd be speaking the truth all the Time. All the time. Yeah. There would be all the time. There'd Be no more lying. No more lying. Impossible to lie. Which I think is fascinating. I don't think that would work. Why not? Well, I mean, there are some lies that are told for the sake of peace.


Right? But what are the parameters? Like what are the confines of our society and of our just geopolitically local, You know, in terms of environments we exist in, like why, why, why, what, what lies would be good for peace. That wouldn't be better if everybody just knew exactly what was going on. Well, if everybody knew exactly what was going on, that would be, You know, something different. But I think, You know, in the meantime, there are some, You know, some benefits, You know, to why it lies. Sure. As a human being. Right. With a limited, as limited ability to communicate. And, You know, you don't wanna hurt anybody's feelings. Sure, yeah.


But if you're not a human being anymore, essentially you're a cyborg and you're, you're connected through a neural link to the whole world, there's gonna be zero benefit in lying. Right. Well, you're, You know, suggesting a new species of man, I am suggesting a new species of man. Yeah. One of my, You know, favorite books is called First and Last Men. It's by Olaf Stapleton. He's a British science fiction writer from the 1930s, 1940s. Mm. And he describes 19 species of man that extends over 2 billion years. And the final species is living on one of the outer planets. They live 35,000 years, because that's how long it takes, You know, to learn everything.


And every so often, they all communicate telepathically over on the whole globe. And it's like this big event, obviously it happens every, whatever, 20,000 years. Whoa. Yeah. And they work up to it. Yeah. It's an inspiring book. Actually. It's one of my favorite, You know what I, another, another more controversial thought that I have about all this stuff is that ultimately the big bottleneck with information is gonna be money. Because money right now is just ones and zeros. Right. Money is just information on, it's just you, we agree that you have X amount of dollars here. Right. You have, that's, we agree.


You know, that's not a gold standard anymore. So it's not backed by anything. It's just a weird thing. So that's, that's information. The trend with technology is we have more and more access to information, and ultimately we're gonna have instantaneous access to information. But then we have this money thing. We have money, which is, and, and as people get better and better at cracking, encoding, like you're, you're not gonna have encrypted money. You're not gonna have encrypted info. It's not gonna be possible. Especially when quantum computing becomes ubiquitous. Like It, we're all operating off this, like it's all done.


And if this happens at the same time when we're all sharing our thoughts, impossible to lie. And then universal language and money. So then you have an even distribution of resources that's not based at all on capitalism. It's an abandonment of capitalism. Not, but not in like a Marxist communist way. In sort of a practical, utilitarian way to deal with the fact that everybody's communicating with everybody instantaneously. You can't have a guy who lives in a fucking castle and another guy lives in a favela with a dirt floor and no food. If we're all existing as one. Well, it would require a change in human nature.


Yeah. Well, human nature won't be human nature. Once this happens, whatever you think of human nature as of now, it's like, you can tell me something. I don't know if you're telling me the truth, I can kind of guess. I have a feeling, but I don't know. So that makes progress slow. Well, do you think that You know, that, that the technology will change human nature, Of course, or, yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yeah. But just by design, if you, if you're communicating telepathically and you can instantaneously detect it, it makes deception impossible. Right. Because you're only able to like express your thoughts. Yeah. I, I have a feeling that won't be very popular. Well, it won't be popular with the kind of humans that exist today.


Right. You know? So will the human nature have to change first before there's a agreement to un undertake that? Well, I think It'll change with it. Well, one of the good things is we might be able to completely eliminate things like depression, suicidal thoughts, all mental illnesses. Maybe we could recognize that these are simply patterns in the way this thing operates. And if you just optimize it, it no longer has these patterns. If everybody has like this increased level of dopamine, for example. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Like everybody just increased dopamine. 300%. Well, and increased oxytocin. Yes. You Know, everybody loves everybody. Everybody Loves Everybody.


We're walking around a state of tripping. We're all in ecstasy together. There's just a low level where you're functional. You're not gonna crash your car. Right. But you probably won't have cars anymore anyway. They'll be driving you around. Well, And interesting, You know, thought is, You know, maybe you can increase levels of endogenous DMT in everyone genetically. Sure. Or on cue, like whenever you'd want it. Yeah. I think, You know, the rapture may have a biological, You know, basis in that regard. Like it's a, You know, timed event. Right. Which is worldwide, that turns on the DMT synthesizing machinery and everybody Just connects all the minds together. Yeah. In a universal language.


And That's one big Blowout. And we emerge from our violent monkey past and become the next version of what it means to be a human being. Well, which would be non-material. You know, the DMT world is non-material. Right. It's visual. So, I mean, we might just transcend into some, like, I think everybody, You know, in this, You know, kind of scenario, everybody would drop dead. But Isn't it more than visual? It's visual in the sense that you experience it with your eyes, but your brain is experiencing something too. You just don't know what to do with it. You don't know where it goes. So you say it's visual. I'm seeing it, but you're not just seeing it, you're experiencing it. Well, I think it's a world made of light.


I think that's, You know, the way, and You know, and we perceive light through the eyes. It's visually, You know, experienced Perceive. Right. But whenever you having a visual with your eyes closed, it's tough to call it a visual. I mean, obviously it's interacting with that part of your brain. Right? Well, you call it that after the fact. Yeah. It's After you come down, You know, when you're drinking a coke. Right. But have you ever opened your eyes on DMT? There was this video I was watching the other day online where these people, they, they put them on DMT and then they had lasers, The, the red laser effect. Yeah. Yes. Tell me about that. Yeah, I just found out about it a couple days ago. And You Yeah.


You just found out about it. That's crazy. Yeah. I just found out about it a couple days ago. Yeah. Yeah. A friend is putting together a piece on that phenomenon. Wanted my opinion. But Could you explain it to people, what they're experiencing? Well, I think what happens, and You know, this is just a very cursory assessment of the, of the project. But, You know, people smoke DMT and then they project this white or this, this, they project a my red laser onto the wall. And if you look very carefully at it, from what I understand, you can see the matrix.


You see code in the laser. Yeah. Yeah. Can we take a bit of a break? Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Take a bit of a break, ladies and Gentlemen. We'll be right back. It's not that he doesn't have faults. He most certainly has faults, but they all have faults. It's just they had control of the media and they turned him into something that he wasn't just 10 years ago to them. Very strange. How it was done. Yeah. You know, and we all, were a victim of it. Everybody, like, you don't want to admit that he has any positive quality, so you get labeled a Nazi. Yeah. Well, and why do you think that happened? Well, because he is an outsider and he is someone who did not come through the political system.


So doesn't have all these relationships and all of these intertwined conflictions with corporations and all these different businesses that have paid for his campaign. The campaign's self financed. And then you have someone who didn't play the game to get in there. And you can't have that. You can't have that. If you, if you have that, and this guy doesn't want wars. He doesn't want us giving money to foreign companies and foreign countries and propping up dictators. We can't have that. We need that. That's part of the American machine. That's how it all works. The military industrial complex. It's Real. Yeah. Is it is been real for a long time. I mean, when Eisenhower talked about it on television at the end of his term, it's, it's kind of a crazy moment in history.


It wasn just broadcast on television and wasn't really revisited until YouTube came around. It was ignored. Yeah. Yeah. It was, You know, conveniently ignored. Yeah. Yeah. I think with RFK Junior, when he gets in, we have a real possibility of opening up psychedelic treatment for veterans. Which I think is the best way to start it off. 'cause they're the most deserving of it. They're the people we ask of the most. And there's been a lot of people that have had some pretty profound changes take place because of psychedelic experiences. I think it's going to need to be scaled up and Yes.


And what that scaling up looks like still isn't really worked out. Right. I, I think they should develop special clinics, You know, where you wouldn't actually be doing research and you wouldn't need incredibly strong data to justify that kind of treatment. You would just need an indication that it wasn helpful. Right. And has specialized therapist, pure drug. It, it wouldn't be schedule one kind of, You know, super restrictive research, but it wouldn't be just wild west any, but, and, and anything goes. I think there needs to be some, You know, kind of middle institutional development where, You know, a lot of people can go, who would benefit from psychedelic assisted therapy and Yeah.


Yeah. The vets make sense. You know, so many homeless people are veterans. Like in Albuquerque, there's an enormous homeless population. Hmm. A large number of them are vets. They're really not treated all that well When they come. No, no, they're not. And it's not like this idea of not having robust clinical research to show efficacy, like on a physiological level that doesn't really exist with SSRIs anyway. And they're already prescribing them. Like, there's so much anecdotal stories. So many of them, of guys going to Mexico, taking ibogaine, taking DMT psilocybin experiences and coming back and just like sorted their life out.


It's amazing. A couple of weeks ago we were at a conference up in Denver and I was, You know, doing some, You know, book signing, You know, some guy, my generation, You know, came up to me and he, You know, told a story after he returned from Vietnam. He was using basically every drug in a bad way. Bad drugs in a bad way. And he smoked DMT one day, stopped using everything. He even moved to live across the street from a liquor store to be able to, You know, demonstrate that he had that willpower that had just changed with 1D MT experience to resist Wow. Any future drinking. Wow. Yeah. You know, so those kinds of stories, you just can't ignore You.


There's too many of them. And I've, I know I have personal friends that have gone through it and changed their life, quit drinking, got their shit together, became a much nicer person. Like sometimes people are just burdened by the stress of what they've experienced, especially war, which is the most horrific thing that people can experience. You're burdened by this. And sometimes they don't know how to shut those demons off. They don't know how to shut it off. And something can come along. Whether it's a DMT experience, ayahuasca, iboga. There's a bunch of different anecdotal stories that I've heard of different things. I, I was reading something about Colorado today, Colorado is doing some new psilocybin research thing where they're, they're opening up clinics now.


Yeah. Yeah. They're gonna be opening up these healing clinics, which will be more or less, You know, based on the Oregon model, you license the therapists, you, You know, have to account for your supply of drugs and, You know, quality control, those kinds of things. I would Worry about that. Like we're talking about like control. And that's where you would open up the door to potential spiritual narcissism. Like you could see someone starting a nice cult that way. Well, He controls the mushrooms. Who controls the mushrooms? Well they, You know, it wouldn't be the first time that, You know, psychedelic, You know, cults, You know, emerged. Yeah.


Well, do you are, are you familiar with, You know, the Rajni story? Which one's that In, in Antelope, Oregon. There was this Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course. Wild, wild Country. Wild Wild Country. Well, I love That one. Yeah. That's Oso. That's, That's Osso O Oso. Osho. Osho. Yeah. Osho. Or Oso, I think. Osho. You got me confused. Yeah. I said Oso. Which one? Osho show Osho. He's my favorite. Yeah, he is. But the people wan are retarded. Yeah. That's that guy. Yeah, that guy. Osho. I read his book 'cause I watched Wild, wild Country. I was so blown away by it that I read his book.


And it's actually like, very interesting. I mean, I think he's written more than one book. I forget which one I have, but I read it a few years back and I was like, this is a fascinating person. Like, he doesn't seem like a cult leader. What's the main message that he's trying to get across? Well, it's just sort of like a guidebook for life. Like see if pull up his books. I'll tell you which one it was. The book, the Book of Secrets. It's got aero. Can you show me what they look like? So I can see the covers? He's got a bunch of books. One would always wonder if It's one of the few books I have that's a physical copy too. I'd have to go back and look at it. Yeah. You, you kind of wonder if these are transcriptions of his talks or things that other people helped him write or even Right.


Things that other people wrote for him, For the people Or by the Buddhist, by the people. They did a dirty thing there where they took all those homeless people and they brought 'em to the, so they could count as voters. And then they kicked them out. Yeah, yeah. Weren't they trying to poison the city council or something? They Poisoned everybody. They, they, yeah. They, they poisoned people when they were trying to take over politically. But it wasn that one woman, what was her name? Rita? Was that her name? The one woman who got in trouble? She, she was kind of running the cult. Ah, right, right. She was pretty brutal. Well, well, You know, I spent, You know, some time at a Zen monastery.


I was actually as a young man, thinking of becoming a monk. How long did you spend there? Not that long because my depression lifted while I was there. I think my motivation to become a monk was because of how depressed I was. I didn't think I was able to really function any other way than, You know, than in, in a cloister, more or less. I wouldn't. Yeah. But then my depression cleared and I went back to school, You know, but I stayed associated with them for over 20 years. Went up there. What do you attribute your depression lifting too? Well, it was, I th I think it was a minor enlightenment experience that's not, You know, to say that I'm enlightened or anything, but, You know, but if you look at the, You know, the phenomenology of the enlightenment experience, it's on a scale, You know, there's gradations like the major one and then, You know, smaller little ones.


Yeah. I was walking back from a work assignment. I, they were asked, well, one thing they liked, You know, doing was because I was a medical student back there, back then, You know, thought I was hot shit. I was always given the worst assignments You know, the worst work assignments, like, You know, clean the toilets or, You know, knock down this hill, You know. So one day they said, oh, You know, can you move that hill? So I had my shovel and my pick. I was 22 years old or whatnot. Yeah. And I was, You know, coming back from the work project and my depression just lifted right off my shoulders. It was the, it was the damnedest thing. It was about 15, You know, 30 seconds or So, I thought.


Oh, that's pretty interesting. Yeah. And the end of the day came and I woke up the next morning and I was still feeling pretty good. Wow. And, yeah. You know, So I was indebted to them for helping pull me out of that bad mood. It was a bad mood too. I had to drop out of school for It. Was it directly after you had to move the hill? It was on the way back to the tool shed. Hmm. Yeah. Did you do anything before that? Physically? You know, I don't remember what my other work assignment was. It, it was an afternoon work assignment, as I remember. I mean, in your life, did you ever do any hard labor?


Oh, you ever work out? You ever take a sport? Yeah, I ran track. Ran track. It was, it was the sprints though, So it was just a sudden burst of energy. It wasn't anything prolonged, You know, I've done a lot of strenuous hiking and backpacking. The sprinting. When you were doing that, did, were you particularly happy or depressed when you were doing that? No. I, well, You know, sprinting itself is great. Like, I don't mean that, I mean, during the time period where you were participating in sprinting, did you have any depression? No. No. Well, I suppose, You know, You know, Teen, teen Angst. Yeah. You know, teenager angst, You know, growing up in the San Nando Valley Right. That everybody has, right?


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I had that while I was doing martial arts. It's not Like It cures it, but I do know personally, me, if I go long periods of time where I don't exercise, I get depressed. I don't feel good. I feel shitty. I feel off. I think our bodies have put vanity aside because I think a lot of very intelligent people associate exercise with the vanity. But I, I think your body has a physical requirement to achieve, like homeostasis, to achieve balance, to achieve, like an ability to kind of like exist in a neutral place. You're always affected by the world, but the more neutral you are, the better.


Like, the more you're just, you, you exist and you're not like constantly wound up about something or constantly upset about this, or constantly fearing that, or being overwhelmed with anxiety. I think some of that is in response to a lack of physical movement. And I think the body is designed to exist in a very primal world that doesn't exist anymore. And so, because the body had a lot of requirements 10,000, 15,000 years ago, I think we we're still programmed in that general way. And that the only way to keep a balance of the mind and the body together for me is to constantly engage in exercise.


Rigorous exercise. Yeah. What, what kind of diet do you follow? Mostly I eat meat. Mostly meat. Mostly meat. Yeah. Beef. Beef. Yeah. I eat beef. I eat a lot of wild game, a lot of elk. I eat deer and wild pigs. I, I do eat some vegetables sometimes, but only if I feel Like it. Yeah. I don't eat 'em for nutrition. I eat fruit and I take a lot of vitamins. Yeah. And no greens. I Mean, I'll eat greens every now and then. I'll have like a salad if I feel like I'm having a salad. But I don't think I'm having a salad for health, You know? I think It's, it's for taste. Yeah. It's for just, I like eating stuff. Yeah. Do you like pretzels? I do. I try not to eat 'em.


Yeah. I love pretzels. That's my week. They're Kind of bullshit. But I was at the mall the other day and we walked by, what is it, an Annie's Annie's pretzels? Is that what it is? Yeah. Good. Whatever. It's crack. I didn't eat one. But that smell, the smell in the air was like, there was a giant ass line. A huge line. There's no line for anything else in that food court. But that pretzel line, there Must be, there must be something in those pretzels. Deliciousness. Yeah. MDMA. They're So good. They're so good. No, there's no MDMA. It is just delicious. You feel terrible right after you ate it. Like, what did I do? That's like MDMA. Yeah. But there's no five HTP that you can take. It's gonna help you Right. The, the, the down. You feel off of a, a pretzel.


Sometimes. It's worth it though. 'cause they're so delicious. Especially the ones that wrap a hot dog in the pretzel. Yeah. A month or two ago, I was at Union Station in Los Angeles, and there was a stand, You know, selling, You know, the, You know, the encased hot dogs in, in pretzels. Yeah. You have to apply a fair amount of mustard. They're so good though. Yeah, right? Mm. It's delicious. Terrible for you. So good though. We took an Amtrak back from Union Station to Albuquerque, You know, like an overnight, You know? How's that? Well, I mean, it was quaint, but it wasn't like efficient. It's too slow. It's pretty slow, pretty noisy. And you, you start thinking, I could have been on a plane. I would've already been there.


Right. It would've been just, You know, two hours rather than whatever it was. 14 or so. Yeah. That's Stupid. Well, I mean, look at European trains, though. You can really have fun on a European train. They're comfy. They're on time. Good food, good coffee. What's the fastest train? Is it Japan? Do they have the bullet trains? I think the Chinese. Chinese or the Japanese. Yeah. Really, really fast. Yeah. That's one of the things that Elon was trying to do with America. They were trying to put bullet trains that would take you from San Francisco to New York City in like a few hours. Yeah. I mean, there should be no reason not to do that. The only reason would O other than the automobile industry, Well also tracks like, who's watching those tracks?


You're going, if you're going a thousand miles an hour or whatever you're going, who's watching the tracks? Who's making sure someone doesn't put something on the tracks? Right. Right. That's even a concern now. But yeah, it would certainly be if the people are going a thousand miles an hour. Yeah. Like, I'm amazed at how few derailments there are. If you think about how many trains are flying back and forth. Yeah. Well, I lived in Gallup, New Mexico for years, and it's a train town more or less. And You know, there were the, I think they, there were three trains came through every hour, You know, 24 7. So Wow. You know, 70 trains, 75 trains every day would go through town. And there were very few derailments.


That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. They're pretty effective. But you're constantly waiting for trains then. Like, there's always those things that come down. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. Oh yeah. You gotta sit there and wait while the train flies by. Yeah. It was a point of controversy in that little town. Like, were they going to build a tunnel underneath or a bridge over? Yeah. Mm. Yeah. You know, the business folks in, You know, the downtown area. And it, it would be noisy too, that trains would go by, You know, 35 miles an hour. And they're big trains. Like, You know, some of the cargo trains are more than a mile long, and they can just take you forever to cross second and third street, and you're just, You know, stuck there. Yeah. Fuck that.


Right. Well, I just wouldn't wanna be in a place that's that noisy. Especially if you're, you're in New Mexico, it's kind of quiet. Well, Your bones rattle when the trains go by. And You know, they honk their, their horns. Oh. Like they have to do three, then two, then three, then two. Well, there's some apartments in New York's, New York City Right. Where the apartment building's there and the train's going right in front of the apartment building. Exactly. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Like how, how cheap is that rent that you've agreed to that? Yeah. And the long term effects on your mental Oh, physical health. Yeah. Well, whenever someone's crazy in a movie, they always live there. They just live like right where the train is. You know, he just, it kind of accentuates their craziness.


Right? Yeah. They get no rest. I know. Well, You know, my mom's mom lived in a little town in western Pennsylvania, and, You know, the coal trains would, would, You know, pass through her backyard, basically. Like, You know, there's a little hill in her backyard and the train tracks. And I really enjoyed, You know, sitting there as the trains went by, You know, smelling the exhaust. It wasn, You know, something, it wasn an early manifestation of mine. This, have you seen these in China? Whoa. That's crazy. It goes through the building. That's what they say. Yeah. That would be Noisy. Imagine if you're above that trying to sleep. Fuck outta here. Yeah.


That's nuts. That's not real. Whoa. That can't be real. Yeah, That can't be real. Yeah. They couldn't find anybody to live there. You could, Well, I, I, I guess prisoners Maybe somebody, somebody would agree. It could be a jail or a prison too. Well, Yeah. Or just some crazy person that just thinks that's a good idea. You know, a lot of people like to live in different ways. They also Have this, they like their markets Right. On the train line. Whoa. And they have to like, pick up the stuff when it comes through. What? Yeah. That's efficient. So they quickly grab their baskets and stuff Yeah. And pull it outta the way. Yeah. Because Like, people are walking on the train Track.


That's nuts. That is crazy. And Rather than move, they just figure it out. Wow. Eight times a day, seven days a week. Wow. You Have to put things away. You have three minutes. Oh, really? Damn. Wow. Yeah. How many dogs did they lose every year? Well, suicides too. I'm Sure you lot the people that like the, the small town that I was, I was living And it Yeah. You know, that would be like a, You know, regular thing if people would, You know, lay down on the tracks if they were having a bad day. Ooh. Imagine if we can cure that with Elon Musk's Neuralink.


Everybody sign up. Yeah. On the reservation. Might be hard to, You know, get the word out there. Yeah. They probably don't wanna listen to you anyway. They probably want you to take it so that you all go extinct and they'll take over again. Some crazy white man idea. I mean, these are people that were hesitant to agree to get photographed. You know, they're, they're gonna be the last adopters of this stupid fucking brain implant. Yeah. These stupid white people are doing Well, You know. Well, well, so Gallup is, You know, like on their reservation, You know, pretty much, You know, the Navajo reservation. Yeah. And it, most of the, You know, population is native.


Mm. You know, So it was pretty interesting, You know, living among, You know, the natives for 14 years and, You know, their view of white people is they're noisy, they're superficial, and they're kind of dumb. Well, there's plenty of examples that would support that if you were inclined to be, You know, less charitable. Yeah, yeah. And make a rash generalization about white people. Well, I learned to be, You know, quiet there because there's, there isn't anything to do. And, You know, there aren't that many people. So We were talking about this before it aired. One of the big reasons you moved outta there was, it was, it's hard to get healthcare.


Right? Like The, the healthcare was rather poor. Yeah. Like, I, You know, came down with pneumonia. This is 2014. And I was not, I didn't receive the best care. Ended up getting c diff because of all the antibiotics. I was, what is that? It's says horrible diarrhea. It's a, oh no. Like a, You know, fatal diarrhea. I think 30,000 people in the country di every year from c diff. Whoa. Yeah. And I was, You know, battling that, You know, it, the quality of the care was, You know, so poor that I was taking notes. And I thought, if I live through this, I'm gonna write about it. And, You know, so that is, You know, the basis of that autobiographical novel I wrote a few years ago.


Oh, You know, Joseph Levy Escapes death. Yeah. It's an account of, I remember I was worried about you, but I didn't wanna pry 'cause I, we had gone back and forth in the email and you were just telling me your health was not well. Oh, yeah, yeah. We were talking about the possibility of me being on your show said, I'm just too sick. I can't travel. Yeah. Yeah. Generally people don't bounce back when they say they're that sick. I was really worried about you, but I didn't want, I just didn't know, like, how does one, You know, I didn't wanna pry, You know, I felt, I felt like if you want to tell me about what's going on, you would tell me about what's going on. Yeah. It was a really hard time. Yeah. And I bounced back.


Like I s you look Great. Yeah. You look better than ever, actually. Oh, thanks. You really do. You too. Yeah. I, I swore I would bounce back and feel even better than I did, You know, before I got sick. Mm. So, yeah. But it was a chore. Well, it did strengthen my belief in God, speaking of God. Like I wasn't quite well that, You know, God was not quite ready to take me. And I wanted to become, You know, closer to that power that led, You know, that let me live. And did you feel like because God was not, God did not want to take you? Did you feel like you had work to do?


Yeah. Yeah. I had to get back to work. I had to continue being useful. Like, I just couldn't rest on my laurels. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if you had called and You know, said, how's it going? I'd say bad. Sounds Like It was real bad. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's why I was worried. Yeah. Because, You know, I'm just too used to getting those kind of emails and then you hear that someone passed away. Oh yeah. I know. And You know, in my generation it's, You know, kind of accelerating. Yeah. Yeah. So when you did finally get out of this, how long was like the, the, the actual sick period?


How long was the period where you were really hurting? Well, the pneumonia was about 10 days. And the c diff started about 10 days after that and went on for six weeks. Whoa. I lost 15 pounds. Whoa. And thin guy to begin with. Yeah. I didn't have 15 pounds to lose. So yeah. I found a good psychotherapist. I went in there and fell asleep. You know, the first visit I said, I'm really tired. I feel really weak. And, You know, it wasn it. And I started working with her for like the next four years, You know, You know, because obviously things had gotten so, You know, so dire because I wasn't taking care of myself.


Right. So I had to kinda get to the bottom of that. Yeah. You know, So it took another maybe seven months before I started to feel like my strength back and my brain functioning again. You know, one turning point, this might interest, You know, some of your listeners is I got, You know, vaccinated, You know, for the flu in like, You know, January, which was nine months after this all started. And it was the most painful vaccination I'd ever had. It was beyond 10. It wasn't even throbbing. It was just constant, like, beyond any pain in my arm I'd ever felt. How long did it last? 12 hours. And I woke up feeling great. Wow. Like the best I had felt in almost a year.


So after 12 hours just wore Off, I went to bed thinking, God, I hope this wears off or else I'm gonna have to get some attention. Yeah. It just wore off and I felt pretty darn good the next morning. How Weird. Very weird. I guess my immune system just really needed to just get socked or something. Hmm. Yeah. And it seemed to have, You know, done the trick. Just Strange that you'd have like a local pain that's that intense. It was generally Don't hear about that. Yeah. Yeah. It was just at the vaccination site. Very interesting. Yeah. Weird. Do you get vaccinated? No. This might be a personal question. No, you can ask me anything. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I almost got vaccinated for Covid. Right. I was wondering, I was totally willing to do it.


It was the early days of the pandemic and the UFC had allocated about, I think it was 150 or so doses for all their employees. 'cause they, they were running shows during the pandemic when everyone was terrified of it. So I go to Vegas to do this UFC event. And you had, I had a test before I leave. Then you fly, you test when you get there and You know, they're really strict with their protocols. Make sure that no one was sick. When people were sick. Like if someone, like a fighter's corner man was sick, everyone was kicked off the, all those people were off the, the, the fighter couldn't compete even if he was negative. Oh, okay. Because he had been exposed.


Right. So they were real strict. And so they said, we have these vaccines if you want one. They didn't tell me I had to take it, but they said, if you want one, I said, sure. I said, can I get it right before the fights? And they said, sure. And they didn't know that I had to go to the actual clinic or the, the hospital. So I contact the doctor, I said, Hey, I'm here. Can I, can you vaccinate me before the show? He said, you actually have to go to the clinic on Monday. Can you, can you stay till Monday? I said, I can't, but I'll be back in two weeks for the next event. So during the time where I was gonna get shot. And then two weeks later they pulled it so the Johnson Johnson vaccine got pulled. Right. Because people were getting blood clots.


And so then two people that I knew that did get it had strokes. I don't know if it was a coincidence, but it seemed rather odd. Right. And then I started getting nervous. And so then I started reading different things by different scientists that had opposing perspectives on both the efficacy and the safety of the vaccine. And then I got covid. And then when I got covid, I got over it really quickly. And then I got attacked on CNN. So I was like, okay, what's going on here? Like, why are you guys upset that I took a certain medicine and got better? I've never even heard of such a thing. And they started labeling it this ivermectin as a horse dewormer, which is crazy 'cause it won the Nobel Prize for people.


So it was Like, It was watching this bizarre thing take place in scale on mass media against me, but against me in the most preposterous way possible because I was healthy. I got better quick, like in three days I was better. And I made a video in six days. I was working out like full steam. I didn't, I didn't get sick for long at all. And I listed a bunch of different medications that I took with the, but for one, for whatever reason, they labeled Ivermectin as the thing that needed to be attacked. And it was, they all in lockstep M-S-N-B-C-C-N-N newspapers, all of them making these ridiculous statements that I was taking veterinary medicine.


I got medicine from A Doctor, from a pharmacy, an actual human doctor, medication for humans. And more importantly, I got better. Like really quick, like what is happening here? This is the strangest thing I've ever seen in my life. It was like this mass psychosis, it wasn propagated by the media who were only intent on keeping everyone terrified and offering only one solution. And that solution just coincidentally happened to be insanely profitable. Yeah. That's hard to figure. It Was weird to go through. It's very, very weird to go through. So needless to say, I have become very skeptical about a lot of narratives that are expressed constantly without any real examination.


Well, do you think they're going after you or going after the ivermectin? Going After the ivermectin? 100%. I was a simple, easy to make fun of person who did a ridiculous thing. And that's why they were able to say horsey wormer. You know? But the, it's such a dumb thing to say because this, we have, it was a playbook that would've been really effective in 1998. You could have gotten that done in 1998. The problem is, there's too much information that's available. And when you're mocking a person for taking a drug that a human being won the Nobel Prize for in like 2015 for its use in humans, like that seems insane.


Also, you're, you're knocking people taking off-label medication under the advice of a trained physician. What, like, what's going on? And who are these people that are doing this? He's talking heads on CNN. Why are they all agreeing? How come not one person is saying, Hey, what is the reason why Ivermectin would be taken in the first place? Oh, oh, it stops viral replication in vitro. Well maybe there's some, maybe there's some reason to use this. Maybe these doctors are correct. All these anecdotal stories about people taking it and then getting better quickly. Like is there anything to this? But there was none of that in the media. Yeah. Because they are sponsored by pharmaceutical drug companies who clearly had marching orders.


Yeah. What do you make of this virus that's killing folks in the Congo? Jesus. Who Knows. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't know anything about it. Yeah. 170 people have died. They don't know what it is. Some weird African virus. Fun. Yeah. See if Bill Gates had been visiting there lately. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I I'm terrified of pandemics for sure. Yeah. I just, that one wasn't one to be terrified of. And they made us terrified of it, which makes me terrified. Yeah. Because it wasn one where they, You know, we talked about this in the podcast where they made fun of Donald Trump because he was saying it's less than 1% of the people who get it die. And then CNN was mocking him saying it's 3.4%.


It's 3.4%. You know, it was, it was considerably less than 1%. He was Right. But they had marching orders and his marching orders was to scare the shit out of people and to tell them to get vaccinated. It was a scary time. Yeah. That's for sure. Yeah. Yeah. They closed down the town that I was living in back then, Gallup, they, it was closed down. You couldn't go into it if you didn't live there. God, that's so weird. For nine days, Well, You know, nine days better than California. California. They did a whole year and a half of like, complete restrictions. They were stopping outdoor dining just arbitrarily. I had a friend and his brother works for the state, and he said to the lady who was in charge of it, he said, why are you stopping outdoor dining?


There's no evidence that there's spread through outdoor dining. And she said, it's the optics. The optics. Like we're gonna shut businesses down for optics. Because they had to show that they're doing something because there's like a noticeable spread that's being reported in the media. Yeah. That's called virtue signaling. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Well it's also your, the, the real problem is their jobs are not dependent upon their society functioning. They get paid no matter what. So society crumbles in all these businesses. They lost 70% of their restaurants at one point in time. 70% just went under. That's insane. To continue a practice like that, especially where within six months they should have known that it wasn't as fatal as everybody said it was when they already had the data in about how come all these people that are dying, they all have like significant amount of comorbidities.


How come all these people that are dying are ov the age of 80? How come it doesn't mean fuck those people. It means protect those people, but let everybody else get back to work. Like you just have control of these people and you're continuing to enforce this control while their lives are destroyed. How many people turned to drugs? How many people committed suicide? 'cause they lost everything completely outta their power. How many lives were lost? How many kids had their childhood stripped away from them and have significant learning problems? Not just because they didn't go to school, because even when they went to school, they had to wear a mask. The whole, so the, the the, the whole reading people's lips and hearing sounds come out. Everything was weird.


Reading faces was weird. If you're a toddler and your experience is going through the first couple of years of your schooling and your, your preschool with fucking masks on, like, what is that? Yeah. What did we do to these people? Well, we'll find out. Yeah. Yeah. And I, the, the only good out of it in my opinion, is that people realize that it was stupid and they won't be as quick to accept it in the future. You think if there's another pandemic. Right. I don't think people are gonna accept the government, which is filled with a bunch of fucking silly people that have decided to run the government having complete control of whether or not you can run your business or you can decide to take, You know, a trip somewhere or you could visit your parents when they're in the hospital.


Like, all that is crazy. Yeah. I wonder what impact RFK Junior's gonna have on the, You know, the delivery of you healthcare now? Well, he's gonna have so much of an impact that they're talking about preemptively pardoning fauci. Like, well, how do you pardon someone that didn't do a crime Preemptively? That's, How are you pardoning someone where he is not, not only is he not convicted of a pr a crime, he's not been tried, he's not accused, he's not indicted. Like what Do you I I guess that's called blanket immunity. Yeah. Yeah. Well it's never been done before. There's never been preemptive pardons for people. Yeah. That's an Interesting, that may have been committing crimes.


It's weird. Yeah. Well, do You know much about the fluoride story? A lot of people wonder about the pineal gland and DMT synthesis. If you have a calcified pineal, which is more likely in, You know, if you're fluoridated. Have they ever done autopsy studies on people that are in high fluoride areas to check out their pineal glands? Or is this just like one of those things that people say, Well it's the case in lower animals that you feed them a high fluoride diet and their pineal glands calcify more rapidly? I'm not sure what the human literature is. I know. So when you say that, when they calcify more rapidly, like what animals are they serving them?


Fluoride, You know, rats, mice, And what have the results been like? Significant differences. Yeah. I mean you, oh, You know, these experimental animals, pineal clans anyway. Yeah. They do, You know, calcify more rapidly. Hmm. You know, but whether or not that actually correlates to a reduction in melatonin production, for example, I'm not that familiar with, You know, the literature, You know, Is the number commensurate with what would even be possible through fluoride and water, or would have to be some other form of poisoning. Is it like a very high level of fluoride that they're giving them With the experimental animals? Yeah. This fluoride rich kind of diet.


So then the question would be, what about the accumulation of fluoride in small doses over the course of a long lifetime? Yeah. I, yeah. I'm just not that current on, You know, the literature. You know, there's a couple of things that occurred that cause pineal calcification. One is aging, You know, the older you get, the more calcification there is. You know, back when I was, You know, current on the pineal physiology data, which was a long time ago, like, You know, 40 years ago, You know, there wasn't a relationship between the dec the degree of calcification and the human pineal and production of melatonin. Mm. You know, so like, at least according, You know, to, You know, the data, You know, to the data from the eighties, You know, the degree of calcification wasn't, You know, functionally significant.


You know. But I get an email here and there wondering if fluoridation of the pineal might reduce the production of endogenous DMT. Which one might, You know, theorize takes place. Yeah. But we don't really know quite yet if the pine even makes DMT you've, You know, You know, let alone if pineal calcification might reduce it, Wouldn't it be interesting to measure different lifestyles? And then also look at the age in which these people are and see if there's like, when they die, if there's calcification, You know, it give, you have one person who's a marathon runner and they're 65 versus one person who's sedentary drinks a lot and they're also 65.


Yeah. You would think it would correlate with your overall general health, Right? Yeah. I mean you, and if you're thinking that it's age related, it may be age related, or is it exposure over long periods of time? You know, where it accumulates because the amount of fluoride that's in the water is very small. And this is one of the things that people point to when they say that it's not dangerous, it's very small. But the question is like, how, where does it go? Like, does it actually leave the body or does it accumulate somewhere? Yeah. Well you'd have to compare, You know, you'd have to compare autopsies in older, You know, folks from, You know, from areas that never had fluoride in their water versus those that did.


And, and I am certain those studies have been done. You know, like I said, I'm just not that current on, I just don't buy the idea that you should put fluoride in the water to prevent tooth decay. I just think that sounds like the way I've described it. I said it's like putting sunscreen in the apples because some people get sunburn. Like that doesn't seem, that doesn't seem logical. You could just brush your fucking teeth. Like you don't need to have this weird neurotoxic chemical in our water. Even in low supplies. Yeah. Would you put, You know, fluoride in the toothpaste? No, I don't have fluoride in my toothpaste. I don't have cavities. Oh, I do. I've had a few cavities. Do you eat sugar? I love sugar.


That's it. We found it. I don't hardly ever eat sugar. Yeah. I mean, occasionally I have a cookie or something like that, but it's not a normal thing for me. I think it's diet. It's diet and it's brushing your teeth. Yeah. Well, and I think exercising your jaw too, like, You know, chewing gum, Right? Xylitol gum is supposed to be really good for your jaw. Yeah. And good for your teeth. Yeah. If you have a healthy jaw, healthy chin, I mean you, you breathe easier. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. I don't know how they got started with the whole fluoride and the water thing, but it seems like a giant scam. Like big fluoride is big still selling Yeah. Fluoride to all these different water departments and they don't wanna stop.


That's, that's the only thing that makes sense to me. It doesn't make any sense that people would be willing to potentially sacrifice their children's iq. There's a direct correlation between high levels of calcium in the water, or excuse me, high levels of fluoride in the water and low IQs. This has been established. Okay. So if that's true, that should be a fucking giant red flag for people. I mean, and once you eliminate all the other environmental things that may be consistent with the piece, people that have lower IQs in children, if you're just pointing only to fluoride, if this is one thing that varies, like this is a potential real problem. Like we know that leaded gas reduce people's iq. Oh yeah. You know that, right? Yeah. Yeah.


When they used to have leaded gas, like people like me and you who grew up at a time of leaded gas, you probably would be like, have a 10 point higher iq. That's a scary thought. If he didn't grow up with leaded gas. I mean there's some sort of a percentage. I think it's a small percentage, but it's been measured. It's been measured that what? Find out like what percentage iq, what, what percentage of a detriment is leaded gas your iq? 'cause they did, they actually have done studies on people and like what happened once unleaded gas was introduced and how children's IQs went up. Oh yeah. Super happy. Yeah. Yeah.


And it was quite helpful. It's still in the ground in some places. Well it's still in a lot of pipes. Oh really? Yeah. Lead pipes. Oh yeah. Yeah. The whole flint thing. Oh yeah, yeah. Oh right, right, right. Yeah. These used lead pipes. How crazy. The, your drinking water. Well Lead pipes. The Romans use lead pipes. I know. Yeah. For their plumbing, You know, You know the Latin, You know name, You know, for lead is, You know, plumb, You know, plumb them. That's Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. That's why, You know, the pipes were called, You know, plumbing. That's Probably why the coliseum got started. They're all fucked up on lead poisoning and just willing to throw their soldiers to the lions. Nearly half of us population exposed to dangerously high lead levels.


So what does it say about iq? Here it goes, exposure to car exhaust estimate. Childhood LED exposure has on average led to a reduction of 2.6 IQ points per person. That's nuts. Re research also found that non-Hispanic black people, individuals with lower family income to poverty ratio and those with an older housing age, were likely to have higher levels of lead in their blood. Well probably 'cause they lived in urban areas where there's more car traffic. Right. Most likely. Most likely. Yeah. Yeah. If they're inhaling, If they're in the, in cities lead Particles, People that live in like very congested areas. Wow.


1973 Environmental Protection Agency issued its first call for manufacturers to begin a gradual reduction in the amount of lead and gasoline. I bet they're gonna look back at fluoride the same way we look back at leaded gas. Yeah. Be interesting. We're gonna go, what the hell were we doing? It doesn't even make any sense. Yeah. Oh, it's for your teeth. It's for your teeth. Brush your fucking teeth. Yeah. And if you use fluoride in your toothpaste, great. Just spit it out. Don't swallow that shit. Right. You don't swallow tooth. My friend Eddie said it best, he said, if fluoride wasn't a problem, why would they wanna sell you toothpaste without fluoride? And why is it safe, fluoride free in the toothpaste? Why do people gravitate towards fluoride free toothpaste?


But because of studies like this where they've found that it actually, there is a correlation between IQ levels and fluoride and at high levels it's fucking dangerous for you. But there's all these people trying to dismiss it. Oh, stop. What's the big deal? There's nothing to this. Look at the amount of fluoride. Like what about cumulative? Do we know? Do you really know? Or why? Why? Why are you so willing to accept the fact that it's a good idea to throw neurotoxins in the water supply? Mm. Well, You know, they may have just, You know, discovered it, You know, through serendipity. You know, there may have been some, Well, there's a, they did discover it through that. There was a, an area in Texas, I believe, where they had high natural levels of fluoride in the water and there's a corresponding lower instance of cavities.


Yeah, Yeah. That makes sense. And that floor is, I think it's Texas, Google. How did they start putting fluoride in the water? I'm pretty sure it's that. Some healing springs of some sort. Yeah. Some mineral rich fluoride water. I don't know. But either way, just brush your teeth, stop eating so much sweets and brush your teeth. Both those things are a good idea. Fluoride in the water, not a good idea. If you wanna sell fluoride and tell people to add it to their water, fine. But put it in an everybody's water. That's crazy. That seems crazy. Yeah. Well, I mean, as a dentist or when I was a small kid, we used to get these, You know, fluoride treatments. Yeah, yeah.


With this like blue gun, You know, kind of gel that they would, You know, put it in a splint, You know, put it on your upper and lower teeth for like a five minutes or what not to Yeah. Kill all those bad Germs. A fluoride treatment. Well, yeah, thank goodness. Lower. Lower Your curiosity. Yeah. You lower your iq. Which, which is maybe not a bad idea. And It, you've gotta wonder what the thing you were talking about before about some people just don't have a imagination, which is really crazy to think that some people are just, they just got a bad hand. Well, they can't make stuff up. They, well, they must be quite practical. Right? I mean, you, what you see is what you get.


There's no abstracting That's very charitable. They might just be dull. They might be dull minded. You know, I mean, there's a certain percentage of our population that has an IQ below 85, I think, what is it? Like 15% or something? Like it wasn it higher than that. We were talking about it the other day, but I don't think we ever researched the, the actual number. But it's significant enough where you're like, whoa, you're, you're running around the world with a 85 iq. It's hard. Well, you kind of wonder about the IQ test, right? I, I mean it was, what was it called? The Stanford Benet test. It was, You know, developed way long ago, may not really, You know, measure all aspects of intelligence.


So That's true. It, You know, may be with an 85 point IQ is, You know, smart in other ways, like emotionally intelligent, for example. Okay. So with a 70 iq you have like 2%, two point something percent of the people. Yeah. When you get to 85, you have 13.6%. So it, 13.6% have an IQ at 85 or below. That's a lot. 34% is a hundred to 85. Alright. But you have to also factor in education, right?


Like to take an IQ test, you have to be able to understand concepts, you have to be able to solve problems. And, and you most likely would have, have to have been exposed to many problems when you were younger for you to understand how these work. And some people have had a very poor education and they might be intelligent, they might be very emotionally intelligent. Right. Right. Yeah. It wasn what I was thinking is that, yeah, it would be a different scale of intelligence right. Than, than you, You know, purely cognitive, right? Yeah. Right. Yeah. Well that's one of the interesting elements about, You know, genetic engineering of the humans. You know, there is a big article in something I was reading.


Oh, ecstatic integration. It's a newsletter put out by Jules Evans, a friend, and he, You know, dove into, You know, genetic engineering of a fetuses. You know, like you can have a 3D NA fetus or, or embryo, You know, like the mom, the dad, and some super smart person or You know, super athletic person, You know. So you could do like a, You know, kymera almost in, You know, the human situation. Whoa. That's probably already happened. Yeah. It is happening offshore. Yeah. You know, it wasn, You know, the gist of, You know, China's probably creating a race of super people.


Well the first, You know, genetic engineering of, You know, the fetus occurred in China. Right. It was a, You know, fellow working to develop HIV. That's what he says. Yeah. Yeah. But it accidentally made them HQ accidentally. Yeah. Well, so that guy's back at work. Yeah. Yeah. Well he went to jail for a little bit, right? Yeah. He's got a big lab. Lots of, You know, funding. It's kind of weird. They, it seems like they kind of made him a scapegoat a little bit, which they tend to do over there. Well, you think that in a lot of ways, You know, that he would be celebrated. Like, You know, for example, the Scottish, You know, scientists that, You know, cloned that sheep, You know, Dolly, Dolly. Dolly. Yeah.


Yeah. You know, they were heroes. Sure. Yeah. But I think we think very differently about it when it's being done with people. We get super nervous, especially if you're gonna be the first person that does it. There's gonna be a lot of outrage. And I think some of that outrage is gonna be by people that wish they did it first. So they're gonna be pretending that this is horrible that you've done this. Right. They were scooped. Yeah. Yeah. IW wonder if there was that kind of reaction with the first heart transplant or the first kidney transplant. If the originators of the methodology were, You know, demonized because, You know, they were like, You know, putting somebody else's heart in your place. It Has to be Right. Especially, well, we're lucky that it was done in the 20th century.


Imagine if it had been done in the 18th century or the 16th century. You know, if you, in the 15 hundreds, he said, okay, I know how to save you. This guy just got run over by a wagon. I'm gonna take his heart out. I'm gonna cut you up and put his heart into you. Like what? Right. Yeah. And that wouldn't have even worked because your body would've rejected it back then. 'cause they didn't have the proper drugs that allowed people to accept other people's organs and suppress your immune system so your immune system doesn't reject the organ. Yeah. I never was in a heart transplant operating theater, You know, once in an emergency room actually. I was able to, You know, crack somebody's chest open and work on their heart, You know, kind of, whoa.


You know, give it the massage. Well, the person, You know, was quite sick. He was dying and we, You know, tried everything. Well, You know, like everything, You know, like we used a, I'm a defibrillator. We, we, You know, put some epinephrine in a big syringe, put it through his chest into his heart, didn't help. And You know, the last thing that we could do was do open heart massage. Wow. Yeah. O open chest massage. Yo. It was crazy. It was crazy. Yeah. And You know, like, You know, there were a bunch of like a number of, You know, students around and we each took turns, You know, like squeezing it and feel it was pretty. Did the guy last after that?


No. No. You know, by the time you open up somebody's chest and start squeezing their heart with your hands. Yeah. It's kind of So did he make it through that day? Or how long did he live for? No, he, no, I mean, never woke up. Oh, Jesus. You know, medical training is a pretty interesting experience. You know, the, You know, the, You know, the kinds of things that you learn to do to the human body and the kinds of things that, You know, people let you do to them because you're a physician. It's a very interesting development of a role. You know, like for example, when we first started working in the hospitals, You know, there's a dress code, You know, this was 1976 or so, and You know, like, You know, there were lots of hippies in my class and the, and You know, the dress code was to wear a tie.


And You know, the hippies were saying, oh, forget ties. And You know, the teacher said, think what your mother would want to see her doctor wearing. And everybody got all kind of guilt ridden and Oh yeah, okay. Our mom would like to see us wear a tie. Right. Yeah. You know, so you, you work into a role, You know, like, and You know, how you look and how you talk and how you Sure. Carry yourself. Yeah. It's a very interesting, You know, conditioning, You know, social conditioning and You have a extreme position of authority. Yeah. I mean, you could ask people, You know, to do things that You know, You know, that nobody else would ask them and that they wouldn't even entertain if anybody else had asked them.


Yeah. It's a very privileged position. It's very cool if You know what you're doing. Oh yeah. And you don't let it go to your head. But yeah, it's a unique apprenticeship. Yeah. And they can do some wild things today. I mean, I'm living proof of it. I've had three knee operations, two knee reconstructions. Yeah. I was, well a couple years ago when I was out here for the first time, you were having some bleeding into your knee as I remember. Bleeding, swelling. Like Swelling. Some, some bad swelling at least. Yeah. You know, maybe they withdrew some, You know, some blood from that joint. Oh, You know what, it was probably, I had probably had what's called regenokine.


So reine is when they take your blood out And it's like platelet rich plasma. Okay. But they spin it in this centrifuge And it creates this like yellow liquid, which is like a super potent anti-inflammatory. And then they had injected it into my knees. Okay. It, yeah, it's, it really helps heal things. I had it done in my back. I had it done in my knees. It's amazing stuff. Yeah. So you've gotten a bunch of knee surgery, huh? Yes. Yeah. My knees are pretty beat up. My back's pretty beat up and my knees are pretty beat up. But that's from your martial arts stuff? Yeah. Yeah. Most of it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, do you have a knee replacement or just No, no, I don't need that. No, it's not that bad. Yeah. Not nearly as bad. But quite a few people I know have one.


My friend Matt got one, he, he's a former UFC welterweight champion. Matt s he's younger than me. He has a knee replacement. My friend Michael Bisping, he was a former UFC middleweight champion. He has both of his knees replaced. He has two artificial knees. Yeah. And they're doing okay with their new knees. Yeah. I mean better, right? Yeah. Like he was in severe pa they're in severe pain to the point where they just couldn't take it anymore. And they can do some pretty amazing things with resurfacing of the knees now. Right. They, You know, these titanium heads, have you seen them? Yeah. Yeah. They're pretty incredible. Yeah. They lop off the end of your knee screw in this new one. And it just functions my feeling. The fear I have though, my fear is that it's only good for like 20 years or so.


And then what do you gotta do? You gotta go back in there and lop off it again and put a new one in. Yeah. Well they may have some new development. That's What you would hope. So I Yeah, you, you would hope so. Right. But I mean, you're banking on that. You're like essentially making a bet that okay, you can chop off the end of my knee and in 20 years they're gonna have some new thing. The thing that would give me pause today, and I'm, again, I'm not giving medical advice, but if today biologics are coming so far that they're able to regenerate both meniscus tissue and also cartilage. So they can do that now. And there was a study in Australia where they did that recently and I think there's something else going on on somewhere in the United States where they're showing promise in that regard.


So I think if people could just hang in there for a little longer. According to my friend Brigham, who owns Waist Well, which is a stem cell clinic out here, he is convinced that these kind of like super invasive surgeries are gonna be a thing of the past. They're gonna be able to regrow tissue and fix, like literally fix knee problems, back problems, things along those lines. Neck problems. Neck problems. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well They're already doing a lot of that in Mexico where there's places like the CPI, the Cellular Performance Institute. I had a friend of mine, Shane Dorian, he's a big wave surfer, You know, I can imagine it's a pounding thing in your back and crushed by a 50 foot wave, You know.


And he had it done to his spine where they go into your discs and they inject stem cells and to each individual disc, they actually put you under and you're supposed to like be, You know, real relaxed for the next like six weeks. No, no heavy exercise at all. Right. You can just kind of go walking and after a while it starts to kick in and now he has no back pain anymore. Yeah. Is he back surfing? Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Stem cells. Well, You know, Psychedelics affect the, You know, formation of stem cells into new neurons. That's called neurogenesis. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. So Psilocybin in particular, right? Psilocybin. Ketamine.


DMT. Doesn't Lions Maine do that as well though? Like non-psychoactive mushrooms? I don't know. See if lion's mane creates neurogenesis. I think it does. Yeah. Paul Sta would know. I think that's one of the things that Paul Staid talked about was doing it in a stack, like doing psilocybin along with Yeah. Now exactly what it was. Lion's mane mushrooms can promote neurogenesis and enhance memory. Yeah. I take that stuff. I take lions mane all the time and I always wonder how shit would my memory be if I didn't take it. Yeah. When I was recovering, I spoke to Paul and said, help me, I need help. Mm. And he said Lions mane.


Yeah. He gave me that giant mushroom, that thing on the desk over there. That's what that is. That big log looking thing. Oh, that's a mushroom. That's a mushroom. Yeah. It's a huge one. I was wondering what it wasn. Yeah, That's a mushroom. That's Paul Sta brought me a mushroom. Yeah. Nice. Yeah. His fascinating character. Yeah. I Like Paul. Great guy. Yeah, really great guy. I think he just got something replaced. Like a hip. A hip or a knee. Yeah. Something along those lines. Well, You know, my, You know, friends that have had knee replacements, they're out skiing, they're playing golf. Yeah. They've really had, You know, a miraculous turnaround. Yeah. You could do amazing things now. It's incredible. I just think that we're real close to not needing a fake one.


Real close to being able to generate new ones. Well, You know, the organ I would like to replace with my eyes. I've, I've been like, as a kid, I've been nearsighted and nearsighted and more nearsighted. So I, I would love to have artificial eyes if, if, You know, they worked obviously. Well that's what we were talking about earlier, that they're going to be able to do that someday. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'd be happy with that. I might wait around as long as I can to get some, like, I can see, You know, pretty well if it's, if the environment is brightly lit, You know, but, You know, but if it gets, You know, darker dim, it's, it becomes difficult, dude. You're gonna be able to see through walls, see if you can find that article about potential because there's not, it's not just Neuralink. There's a few other competing companies that are doing very similar things and one of them are very confident they're gonna be able to restore sight In how many years?


I don't know. Yeah. And then on top of that, the possibility is enhanced vision. And that's what we're talking about. Like being able to, You know, see like warm things like in Hold, blind sight, Blind sight device being developed to restore vision and people have lost their sight. No, there was one it wasn saying, you're gonna be able to have infrared night vision. A bunch of different possibilities on top of the fact they're gonna be able to restore sight. That eventually, I don't know how you'd Google this, that wasn't just restoring memory, or excuse me, restoring vision, but enhanced vision and that it's gonna be far, I think they're promising vision far greater than what human beings are personally capable of.


Blind sight enables superhuman vision beyond natural limits. Like infrared becomes cognitive process, not just biological. That's it. Yeah. That's what blindside Is. Cognitive process. Okay. So that is the same Neuralink thing. And then on top of that, you're gonna be able to like zoom out. So, You know, like you ever take like a Samsung phone, they have a hundred X zoom, and you could just zoom in on something like way in the distance. Like, wow, that's crazy. You can really zoom in on stuff. Yeah. You're gonna be able to do that with your eyeballs. Yeah. A feature enhancement too. Yeah. Yeah. You can be able to see people look way better than they really look. Just put a filter on. Yeah. Everybody's beautiful. Yeah, that's What Elon said on that tweet about it. Yeah. So there it is. Musk explained the blindside device for Neuralink will enable even those who have lost both eyes and their optic nerve to see, provided the visual cortex is intact, it will even enable those who have been blind from birth to see for the first time.


Here's the part that truly expands the horizons of what we think visions can be. At first the vision will be low resolution like Atari graphics, but eventually it has the potential to be better than natural vision and enable you to see an infrared ultraviolet or even radar wavelengths like Jordy Laforge, who's Jordy laforge, star Trek. Oh, Well, I mean, that'd be a lot of information, wouldn't it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what would you do with that? All Depends on what you're trying to do. You know, I guess You were, if you're trying to try find people hiding in the woods, you could be able to see 'em Yeah. Dark or become a, in the dark or even become a, You know, philosopher. I mean, with, with, with, You know, those enhanced, You know, processes.


I mean, you could kind of, You know, direct it in any way you, that you'd like. Do you think that enhancing the human body, like this is what the future of humanity holds? I think it's a stage we'll go through. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure how far along it'll take us. It may just end in our demise. Mm. But I think it's a stage we'll that we obviously are, You know, passing into. Now Some people think that's the mark of the beast from the Bible, You know, the, the, the people who get the chip, The mark of the beast. Isn't that on the forehead? Or Maybe that's the best spot for It. It's, You know, 6, 6, 6 is is the mark of the beast.


Right. Yeah. But isn't that that like open to interpretation? Like what does it say in the, you've read the original one, what is the mark of the beast in the Hebrew Bible? The ancient, Yeah. Yeah. That's the Christian Bible. That's the book of Revelation. That's the New Testament, which I have not read amazingly enough. How Come? Well, I'm pretty busy, too Busy learn ancient Hebrew. Yeah. Yeah. I have enough to study as the Hebrew Bible. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I mean, if you were gonna prophesize about the end of humanity, you'd probably prophesize about someone accepting some sort of a chip in their brain and everybody being forced to do it, some matrix type situation.


I could see why people would see that this, And it might be just the inevitable transition from biological to cyborg that we're probably gonna have to go through anyway. Well, the end of the world will, You know, at least according to, You know, certain, You know, traditions as Harold did by the antichrist. And the antichrist is the master of the lie, You know? So I think, You know, it's interesting to kind of use that perspective as a way of seeing, You know, where the future on is heading. So The antichrist is mass media.


It's the master of the lie. Yeah. Mass media is the master of the lie. Corporate media is the master of the lie. Corporate media is the antichrist. Corporate media leads us into wars, justifies all kinds of crazy things that we do. We take over foreign governments and install our own puppet dictators and have everybody convinced that it's a good thing. Yeah. Well, the concept of i of the antichrist is, is very old. You know, 2000 years, You know, like you have Christ, you've got the antichrist, so You know, there's a God and there's a, You know, demi urge. Yeah. So it's a, it's, it's a notion that has carried a lot of weight for a long time. Yeah.


Yeah. So you think that the, the media is the antichrist? Well, I think, Or, You know, could be seen as Well. You could see corporations as being in sort of a demonic state. So if you have an obligation to your shareholders to consistently provide higher and higher profits every quarter, and in order to do that, you have to do things that will cost people lives and destroy people's lives. Like, for instance, the Sackler family that got everybody hooked on opioids. Is that not demonic? That seems very demonic. And if I was under the throes of its spell, if I had gotten caught up in opioids, I, it would be very similar to being possessed by demons.


Having your life ruined by devils. Very similar, at least in result. Right. Especially if you wind up committing crimes. 'cause you wanna get your drugs, you wind up in jail, your life is over. Maybe you destroyed other people's lives. It's very demonic in that way. And in like, in the result, in the end result, the end result is evil. Oh, well, You know, look at the opium wars in China. You know, the British imported opium, and there's a huge opium addiction problem in China. And yeah, it was, You know, seen as a demonic scourge, You know, like a diabolical affliction. And in its result it is demonic.


It's just we are, we're, we're like hung up on pitchfork, fork, tail, horns, demon, You know, but, but in action, it's clearly demonstrably demonic. Well, demonic in what way? Okay. If you can lie about Iraq having weapons of mass destruction, and you can justify an invasion of Iraq based on these clear lies. And then through that invasion, 500,000 children starved to death because of embargoes. Countless people are killed that didn't have to be killed.


Loss of at least a million lives over the course of the entire war. And then the starving people afterwards. That's demonic. Isn't that for those people? Well, does that mean that you, You know, believe in the devil or Satan? I don't know what I believe in and what I don't believe in. 'cause I haven't experienced it. Maybe if I experienced Satan, I'd be like, wow, Satan's real, but you're allowed to believe in God. But as soon as you start saying you believe in the devil, people look at you sideways. You know, like you could be the President and you can say, God bless our troops. Nobody bats an eye. But if you say, the problem with America is the devil, and we'll find the devil and we will root him out of our, our world, and that's what we're gonna spend all your tax dollars on now.


Yeah. I mean, in like you could, I think good and evil, real things. You can pray for God to bless their troops, and you could, You know, pray for protection from Satan's influence on the troops if you were able to put the two like on. Right. As soon as you bring up Satan publicly, you lose all the secular people. Right. You can sit, you can, you could praise God and people go, oh, it's in the fucking steps. You know, pledge of allegiance, it's normal. Right? Whatever. Yeah. But it wasn't even until, what was it like Teddy Roosevelt, like, who put Pledge of Allegiance in it was when we were battling the communists, and that's when God got put into the pledge of allegiance.


Well, you believe in good and evil. Like I, I think what occurs is the more people do good, the stronger the force of good is, and the more that do evil, the stronger, You know, the force of of evil is. And Then you have the Holocaust. Well, You know, like, You know, how do you perceive that force? Is it just energy or do you anthropomorphize it into like a being that you can, You know, recognize and think about? Right? But there's kind of no denying, at least from a recognizable, if you had to like, look, how do you quantify it? How do you measure it? There's no denying that evil takes place.


You know, like the, you, you could come up with any number of massacres throughout history and you say that's an, that's an evil Act, there's no question. Right? Right, Right. So evil is a thing that's real. If If there's good, there's evil, right? Yeah. And then there have been many, many things that people have done. You're like, wow, good exists in the world. There is still good. So we know both those things are real things. We just don't know what's the root of them all. And it is, are there really angels and demons or all the, are those the scapegoats for this bizarre dance of good and evil that just exists in the world? Well, if, You know, if it weren't, You know, for Adam and Eve eating the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, right?


There wouldn't be any perception of good and evil. It'd just be true or false, You know, which is, You know, the reason that Adam and Eve were expelled from the garden, because at in the beginning it was, You know, they were living in a world of either, You know, truth or faucet. You're right. And after eating the fruit of the difference between good and evil, they became opinionated. Oh, that's good. I Like It. That's bad. I don't Like It. But the issue of true, or, or, You know, false got, You know, you became, You know, muddled. Yeah. And they no longer were fit inhabitants of, You know, the Garden of Eden of Paradise. What's your take on Lilith?


Oh, yeah, yeah. Lilith. Well, there's no mention of her in the Bible per se, but there's a lot of mention of her in the rabbinic literature that sprung up after the Bible. Hmm. Yeah, yeah. The story is that I think after Kane killed Abel, You know that Adam No, no. It wasn it that after that I, no, I, I think it was after Adam and Eve were expelled from the garden, You know, that they stopped having sex. Mm. So Adam, You know, then was just sleeping, You know, with Lilith, and they spawned innumerable demons as a result of their relationship. Mm. Yeah. And after a while, Adam and Eve, You know, reconciled and, You know, they got the things together again.


Yeah, yeah. You know, but Lilith, You know, plays a role in the understanding of evil in the world. Like, it's the result of the spawn of Lilith. What do you think Lilith was originally? Who was, if it was a thing? Yeah, I don't know. Well, that's called, You know, mid rush. It's the explication of the Bible, You know, by the rabbis, You know, So it, this was called extra biblical. Ah, yeah. And I've only looked into extra biblical stuff to a certain extent. What's The source of that stuff? The imagination. And I think, You know, the surrounding environment, You know, societies, You know, culture in influenced by the Greeks, the Sumerians, the Acadians, the Hittites.


You know, there's a lot of, You know, accumulation of other, You know, cultures onto interpreting, You know, the stories, what that occur in the text, You know, a lot of, You know, fanciful things and entertaining things. Like, for example, Lilith is the, You know, source of the, You know, demonic entities out there. Mm. Yeah. I found out about Lilith like six months ago. Oh really? Yeah. I never even heard about it. Do you remember when we found out about Lilith? Somebody brought it up on a show, right? Yeah. Who brought it up? I'm Wondering, I don't remember, but I was like, what? Who's Lilith? Yeah. Was it Jordan Peterson? It Could have been, Yeah. But very possibly. 'cause he's a, a keen student of the Bible.


Yes, very possibly. Yeah. I, I do not remember though. But I remember thinking like, wow. Like, and then the original story, like, so when you're talking about the biblical translations of the Adam and Eve story that we're all accustomed to, it's all a watered down sort of, or a strange translated version of the ancient Hebrew, but you've read the, an actual ancient Hebrew version of it. Like how, what did you get out of it? Like, what did you Well, You know, most of the translations of the Hebrew Bible are quite good. Like, You know, the King James version. It's, You know, very accurate. Yeah. It's a bit, You know, stilted. Is anything missing in the translation from when you read it in ancient, ancient Hebrew? Or do you think it's pretty clear?


It's, You know, fairly one to one correspondence between the Hebrew words and the English translation. You know, certain things are interpreted through a Christian lens because the Christians wrote the King James Bible translation. Right? Yeah. You know, but You know, the words and the grammar and the narratives, You know, they're, You know, pretty much accurate. Yeah. They, You know, the, they spent a lot of time working on pain staking, You know, translations, You know, so, You know, there was a responsibility, You know, to do it accurately. Imagine that story, like trying to like pass that one down for a thousand years. Yeah. Like, yeah. So there was only two people, and then there was an apple, right.


And a snake talked eve into eating that apple and everything got fucked. Yeah. Yeah. It's a, it's a very strange story, isn't it? Very strange story. What do you think it really was all about? I think there were two people named Adam and Eve For real, As if they were real. Hmm. What do you mean by that? Well, if you imagine that there was an Adam and Eve, and you visualize the garden they were in, And it, the snake and their interactions, You know, there you have it. So you think the biblical interpretation is a literal recalling of actual events that took place? No. No. I don't think that. Well, You know, it's like if you smoke DMT and you enter into this world, it's true.


It's overwhelmingly convincing. It's got its own, You know, laws, it its own system, You know, things are, You know, things are regular, like certain things happen, certain interactions take place. Yeah. And you're there, you're convinced it's real, and you interact with it to the best of your ability, You know? So I think, You know, that's the case with the narratives in, in the text. It's, it's not, it, it isn't a ma a matter of interpreting what they mean as much as understanding what happened. Boy, that's obscure. So it's not interpreting what they mean, but understanding what happened.


Yeah. You know, like, like, You know, what did the snake say to eve? So a snake really talked to Eve though. It was as if a snake talked to Eve As if, yeah. So perhaps a psychedelic experience, perhaps altered state of consciousness. No, I think it was a case of a woman standing near a tree and a snake coming up to earth and saying certain things. And did they have a conversation For real, for real? As if it were real? Well, You know, the stories have been told so many times. Right. That's the problem. And You know, they, they seem, well, if, if You seems like they're blaming everything on Eve too, which is like a little suspect hear side of it.


WWW Well, the one who got, You know, punished without even having a chance to explain himself was the snake. You know? So God asks Adam what happened? And he asks, You know, Eve what happened? And he just, You know, lays it on the snake, right? Yeah. And the snake's like, I didn't tell her anything. Yeah. I can't even talk. Well, this lady wanted to eat that apple and she blamed me. Well, back then snakes could talk, or in that world, snakes talk. How so? Well, You know, they were the wisest of all the animals in the garden, so, You know, they could speak. Right. But you, you speak of these things as if, like we're talking about when you go to the zoo, the monkeys swing from the vines as normal snakes talk.


Well, it's a bit of a paradox. Yeah. You know, like, if, if you, Let me ask you this, You know, so if you, You know, treat those stories as if they were real, you're, you're opening yourself up to this universe of Adam and Eve were in the garden, then they had Kain and Abel, You know, Kain killed Abel. Then, You know, Kain had children and his, You know, children be got the 70 nations, and then there was a flood because mankind was bad. You know, Noah and his family survived. They all spoke one language afterwards. There was on a tower, You know, there was Nimrod, there was Abraham, there was Isaac and Jacob.


You know? So it's this world, which seems to be quite coherent, quite consistent at all, You know, ties together. It's quite consistent from book to book of, You know, from narrative to narrative. You know, it, it, It is a different way of looking at the Bible. It isn't, You know, dogma like, you have to do this or you have to do that. Or it isn't like a Yung an archetype or a psychodynamic, You know, wish fulfillment. It's this, this world that, You know, that is articulated, spelled out in a very ancient, very influential text. So is it also possible that something completely different took place, but that over time and over a oral tradition of who knows how many hundreds of years before they actually wrote it down, and then writing it down, that you're getting a version of the actual event that's very different than what really took place.


But you think about it like the version in the scripture, and If you think about it in the version of the scripture, are you, are you thinking about it like as if this was an event as recorded? Or are you thinking this is a rep representation of an archetype or some sort of moment in human history that they're trying to recollect and, and pass down? Well, if you, if that makes sense, consider Yeah. Kind of. Yeah, yeah. Well, well if you consider, You know, the text to be prophetically received, You know, prophecy is communication between the divine and man.


And You know, the text was prophetically received. In fact, You know, Philo of Alexandria, You know, one of, You know, Terrence McKenna's, You know, heroes used to say, You know, the most accurate historians were the prophets. You know, because they heard it, You know, directly, You know, from the initiator of the event, the witness of the event, the one who, You know, could understand the event in the huge context. You know, so it's a, You know, prophetically received, You know, text, which means it contains information received from a spiritual sort of level, which you would think is a universal field of sorts.


How much have you ever paid attention, if at all, to any of that ancient Sumerian stuff like the Anki and Some, some, yeah. I watched this really great documentary a few years back. Yeah. You know, but I, You know, but You know, but I wouldn't, You know, consider myself as knowing much about it. Right. That to me is one of the weirder origin stories. Yeah. Yeah. So what is that origin story? I You am I am I recall it quite you fascinated, but You know, not the details. Well, there's very, there's multiple versions of it. First of all, the, the story of this, the, the fantastic story is told by Zacharia Hitchen.


So Zacharia Hitchen who wrote the 12th Planet, and he wrote several other books. He was a biblical scholar and a linguist, and he spent a lot of time studying the ancient Sumerian text Thefor. And what he believes is that it tells a story of an ancient relationship between a race of beings on a far distant planet that's in an elliptical orbit, And it comes near earth every 3,600 years. Okay. And that they had engineered human beings out of lower primates. They had like accelerated our evolution and that all of what we know about the cosmos, all of what we know about, You know, like they have these detailed, I don't see the ancient tablets that they have a detailed map of the solar system from 6,000 years ago.


Right. Okay. They had the, the sun and the center and all the mo, and they have these really enormous beings. And these enormous beings were supposed to be these things called the Anki. Okay. And the literal translation is those from Heaven to Earth came, it's, it's one of the weirder, like if, if you love a great science fiction version of the origin story of humans, it's the most fun one. Yeah. It, You know, brings to mind, You know, the Sons of God, You know, the Benet Elohim, which occurred in the story of the Flood and Noah The Nephilim too. Yeah, yeah. The Nephilim. The Rafa. They were huge.


They were giants. Yes. Yeah, Yeah. Men of renowned. Yeah. Yeah. And they intermarried or they had, You know, sex with the Daughters of man and You know, from them, You know, came a race. Yeah, yeah. You know, so that story is interpreted or perceived, You know, through the lens of the Hebrew Bible too. Really. Yeah. Well there, You know, that is a story in the text, You know, before the flood is, You know, the be the be Elohim, You know, come down to earth, they have con have intercourse with, You know, the daughters of man and out of, and and out of those relationships, You know, comes to this, You know, race of giants.


That's The most fun One. Yeah, yeah. Isn't it? Well, they all got swept away in the flood, You know, so that's an interesting dang, You know, turn of events. Well, if you interpret the flood as the younger driest impact theory, which created the flood, which lines up, right, right. That does line up. Yeah. It lines up timewise lines up with how it would go down. Just no evidence of giants. That's the only thing we're missing if they found some giants. Well, in the meantime you can assume that the giants were, You know, were real and, and, and, You know, understand their origin, what they were like, You know, what they did, why they did it, what the results were.


Yeah. The bizarre thing is they, they've isolated this area outside of the Kuper belt where they believe there's a large planetary body that might be multiple times larger than Earth that exists out there. Right. Where you would imagine that this thing is, if there really is some sort of a planet Yeah. That comes close to us with like super advanced beings. Yeah. I think I've heard of that actually. Yeah. Yeah. That it gets fun. Those get fun. Those, those, I put away rational thought just to pay attention to that stuff. Well, and if it were true, You know, then what? Well, if it were true, that sort of is what everyone's seeing when they're seeing UFOs and UAPs, they're probably visiting or they probably are always here.


They're probably watching to make sure we don't blow ourselves up and probably assisting us on our journey of evolving past this primitive violent state that we currently find ourselves in. One would hope. One would hope. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Or they could be just, You know, doing the opposite. That they may be stirring up trouble Maybe. Maybe they realize that people need trouble in order to get things done. In order to join the Galactic Federation, we have to figure out a way to get off the planet. The best way to get off the planet is develop superior weapons. Yeah. You know, kind of withdraw from the brink of the precipice. Right. You know, that's, You know, that's the story of humanity basically, isn't it?


Yeah, it is. But that's what's interesting about origin stories, right. And that's what's interesting about the biblical texts is that there are these stories about things that have gone horribly wrong and influences DD, different things that happened to humanity and different cataclysms and disasters. And these stories are shared through different cultures, which is really interesting. Like that in the epic of Gilgamesh, there's a flood story. It's real similar. Yeah, Yeah. You know, most of the, You know, most of the Middle East has got a flood story, an origin story. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It Just makes you wonder. Well, it makes you wonder if it's true.


Yeah. Yeah. So, You know, that's why I think like, You know, studying one particular, You know, tradition in great detail can, You know, kind of, You know, help you, You know, kinda resonate with ones that are more universal. Yeah. Well that one is so common, which is really interesting when you see the ev like the younger drive impact theory evidence, like of course 11,000 plus years ago, this is probably what happened, and the story gets passed around forever and ever and everyone sort of remembers it and Yeah. Well, do you like Graham's documentaries? Yeah, I do. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. The Netflix ones, They're fascinating.


Yeah. I don't like all the anger that comes out of it, all the people that get mad at him, the disparaging remarks and how some archeologists have like severely overreacted to it as if it's some horrific threat. But it's fascinating, just the raw data about the size of these stones, their alignment with constellations, the fact that these things have been there for at the very, at at least 4,000, 500 years. Some of them, and some of 'em even further than that. When you get to like go Beckley, tap Bay, Like It, to me it's just incredible to imagine people living 11,000 years ago. Like, what is life like?


What is that experience like? What are, what is it like talking to people? Yeah. Well those footprints around, You know, white sands are super cool. Yeah. Yeah. That's not far from where I live. That's 22,000 years. Yeah. You know, kids running around in the mud. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, it's very, That's very interesting. Alter states, this is your book. New book came out. Well, it is gonna be coming out tomorrow. Oh. And I took your advice and I narrated the audio. Yes. Yeah. Beautiful. Yeah. Out. I'm so happy when people do that. That came out this December 10th, My Altered States. And it is gonna be available everywhere. Every Yeah. In traditions, You know, publishes it.


Yeah. It's on all the usual resources. And you can go to Rick Strassman dot com and you can see this and everything else. Oh. And you can pre-order it. You can order it for me. I will inscribe it and I'll sign it. Oh, Beautiful. Oh, that's awesome. That's very cool. That's only 20 bucks. All right, man. Yeah. The book is illustrated as well. You know, there's some pretty funny stories in there. And each of them has got at least, You know, one illustration. Oh, cool. Yeah. Oh, look at that. Who drew it? A friend from Birmingham, Alabama named Merrily ch. That's crazy. That's crazy. There's some well cool drawings. There's one called Steak on Acid.


You ever eat steak on acid? No, I have not. Yeah, this is great. Still. Oh, this is, these are cool drawings. Oh, they're great Drawings. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah. Well, Rick, thank you so much. It's always great to see you. Thanks Joe. Keeps coming. Same here. I really enjoyed it. It was a lot of fun. Lot of fun. Alright.