
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Good to see you, Joe. Charlie, what's Going on, man? Good to see you, man. Thank you very much for that extraordinary piece of athletic equipment you brought to the gym. Absolutely. Is there a photo to that so we can show people what it Looks like? Yeah, it should be on the website X Factor And what is it called? It's called the X Factor. Oh, it's called the X Factor. What is the website? Sorinex dot com. Go to Sorinex dot com. Check out the X factor. So it's actually Pull it Up, Jamie. Pull it Up. Jamie. Isn't it nice to say That? Shh, man, I'm telling. It's fun, right? It's, it's big. So this is the machine.


Yeah. It's actually Judge who was here a minute ago. Yeah. It is a, a brilliant machine man. The idea that you could push and pull rotational, rotational power machine, it really is a, a genius idea, man. And thanks for things like striking sports, that's huge. Like the ability to push and pull at the same time while stabilizing your core. I mean, that is undoubtedly gonna help people Like It. You, you're definitely gonna be able to deliver more power in strikes, Right? Because you, you take the ground force and then be able to put it through, obviously with the core that Yeah. All three planes of motion. All, we obviously go through your core and then puts it into your, either your feet or your, or your arms.


So it's just so unusual that you can do something like that. I mean, I guess you kind of can do something like that with cables, with the cable machine, but that seems better. Yeah. Because you have a little bit of a balance component as well. But, but you're right. Like you're blocking, let's say you're a right hand, you're blocking on that left leg. You're, you're stabilizing out the right hamstring and hip. But yeah, especially when you get that little extra extension, I call it the Ts right there. Your oblique, it just locks everything in. So I'm interested to see what you come up with. It's pretty dope. And you were telling me that this was originally, like you, you came up with this idea from an older machine that's not around Anymore. Yeah. Yeah. So we've, we, You know, I've been in this industry a long time and as well as you have, but it's kind of taken a remastered series where we're taking all, like the cool stuff.


It wasn could have been our designs, but it could have been just old designs that are just like kinda lost to the ages and they're like, Hey, it wasn a cool piece, but it sucked Because you had to load it weird. Or it was like, maybe it wasn't as safe as it could have been. And so it's like, let's, let's break the whole thing apart, figure out what was good about it. And then it wasn like the eighth iteration, we just kept playing with it. And it was like, when you realize the double axis is what made the user experience cool, then it was like, okay, this is badass. And You know, I sent that video to you and, and then a couple colleges have already bought 'em. And then Ryan Rauser, the world champion and record holder in the shop put was like, yeah. Like this is all rotational power.


How do we turn that on? Yeah, it's, it's so cool today because there's so much social media and there's so much, there's so many videos and YouTube videos of people using equipment and like 15, 20 years ago you had to go to a gym Yeah. And go, oh, what is that? Oh, that's cool. Yeah. Where'd you get that? How's that work? Where The company, the big guy in the gym, you had to like, Hey, what's the deal? Yeah, I mean, you and I grew up in the same era where we're going to gyms all the time and here's a bunch of quacks telling you to do stuff. Always. Yeah. And then You, and then there's bro scientists. So Bro scientists. Yeah. And then, and then you just like, Hey, if that guy's really good at something, You know? Yeah. I mean, back in the day I would, after I compete, probably much like you, after I compete, I would get whoever was better than me and I would offer to take him out to dinner and I would just go, Hey, like I'd feed 'em beers until they basically told me how they beat me.


Just like, well, how much are you cleaning? Or What are you doing? Then I would pick up some little idiosyncrasy of training. They're like, oh, we would do this contrast. And I'm like, what's that? And I would just keep digging and digging and digging. I'd go back and figure it out. Well, I remember when I was competing, they would tell you to not lift weights, which is so hilarious. You don't get muscle down. Joe used to, they used to say that. Remember? They used to say it'll slow you down. Sure. And you'll become tight. Yeah. And I remember thinking like, why don't you just stretch if you're tight? Yeah. So it horsepower makes the car slower. It didn't make any sense to me. It's like they thought that the only exercise you should do is martial arts itself, just hit the bag. Right. You know, train.


Now when do you, when do you think that, well you got, You know, Bruce Lee would do, I mean, he did some exercise. He Did a lot of isometrics. Yeah. Yeah. And he had some lifting, but it was always pretty light. But what would you say was the, when that changed, I think it was a Vander Holyfield. Yeah. I think it was Mackey Shill Stone trained a Vander Holyfield when he went up to heavyweight. And I, I remember myself at the time, so this was in the nineties. I remember thinking, what is he doing? He's lifting weights. He's gonna fuck himself up. Don't, doesn't he know that all these coaches have already figured it out? Right. And then all of a sudden, NA Evander got all these Traps and shoulders, dude, he was trapped and dealt out.


Got jacked. What? He got jacked. Yeah. And he became a legitimate heavyweight also. Pretty sure there were some Mexican supplements involved. Yeah. He might've gone across the border at times. I mean, I, I'm not, I think It's a Strong, it was the nineties. The nineties were a good time. I think it's a strong possibility that there was some help. Because also, like you never heard of anybody tested positive for steroids back then. No. And I know for a fact that some of those guys were on steroids. I would not disagree. I know people who know people and I know, Yeah. I mean, we're all the same level. I Would fucking put it all on black. Yeah. Well 'cause up until 91 steroids weren't even illegal as a controlled substance.


Is that, Do You know who caused it to be illegal? Joe Biden? No shit. Yep. That motherfucker. It was all him. Yeah. You know, Derek from more plates, more dates was telling us about it the other day. Right. I'm like, that motherfucker, he did it. That should be alone. A reason or why? Why? Well, I guess the idea is that people could abuse it. Right? Right. Here's the deal, folks. You can abr abuse almost everything. Sure. This is my argument against online gambling. You know, there's a lot of people that think online gambling should be banned because so many people are losing money on online gambling. Shut the fuck up. Do You know how easy it is to not online gamble? It's so easy. You know how easy it is.


I've never online gambled. It makes two of us. That's how easy it's to. Not online gambling. I probably forget my password to get into the thing, but yeah. Like I'm not discounting the fact that gambling is addictive. I personally know gambling addicts one of my best friends. Dana White is a fucking gambling addict. He happens to be insanely wealthy, so he can get away with it. But that helps. I, I've, I grew up in pool halls. I know. Gambling addicts. I get it. I'm not one. Yeah. So it's possible to like fucking have some self-control and discipline and willpower. The weird thing, I've never done crack either. Crazy. It's strange. Do You know crack is everywhere and it's a scourge of humanity. I've never done crack.


You know what? It's really weird. I'm so, I've never even seen crack. I've seen it. Yeah. I've, it's weird. I saw cocaine once in my entire life, which is wild. Based on that is pretty wild. I know a lot of people and it's like, yeah. Like did they just think I would just say no to that? 'cause I grew up in the eighties and just say no generation. But I haven't seen Coke. I didn't think it was like a real thing Since I was in high school. I've never, I really? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Which is kind of crazy 'cause I know so many people who do coke. Yeah. But I was at a party in high school the last time I saw someone doing coke. No way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In your World. Yeah. My world.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitsch and Betty Gilpin. And it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is a story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLocks US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply.


Yeah. Why don't I don't do anything like that. I don't ever fuck around. I've never done Coke. I've never even thought about doing it. Yeah. Never had a desire because I, I was around people that were abusing it when I was in high school. Sure. So I was like, okay. Do you think that's because you're such like a strong personality and like kind of role model that people are like, Hey, Joe's not into that. Like keep it away from him. Do You think they're like respectful of that and just kind of know the deal? They just know I don't want it. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. I'm just not interested in anything that gives me more confidence. I'm not interested in that. I got plenty of that. I like humility. I'm looking for humility. I don't like confidence boosters. I don't like anything that gives you like a, a ridiculous sense of like your abilities.


Yeah. Like I'm not, I'd rather be humble. Yes. I'm not interested in, I mean, delusion is a, is a strong, It is a strong suit if you sometimes Yeah. No, And it could get you pound up too. Definitely. Yeah. I think it gets you pretty far and then your fucking wheels come off. Ditch speed. It's like when you're skateboarding, when you're a kid and you, Have you ever seen a guy on a motorcycle and you see when they do that and you're like, no. It's like You had Josh bro on it the other day. It wasn like what he did in Goonies. Remember he had the little bike. Oh, that's right. You Were, he was talking about the motorcycle and all I could think about is my head is him flying off the cliff in Goonies. Oh, that's hilarious. The child of the eighties. I forgot he was in Goonies. Yeah. I should have brought that up. We could hold. We should have that.


I wanted to bring it up so bad. I was on the plane. I Was mind my tongue the whole time I was, I was riding a plane. I was like, all I could see is that cat in sweatpants with his shorts on top of his sweatpants riding a tricycle or whatever down this hill. 'cause He's one of the rare guys. It wasn like a child actor. That turned out really awesome. Yeah. That's a, that's a, that's a small club. That's a fucking super small club. Yeah. Because everybody that I know, and I know a few people personally that were famous as a young person, they're out of their fucking mind. They're just, they're, they're like, You know what I say? It's like, look at him. Hank, I have a good memory. Look at me. How old was he back then? He is probably 17 or 18. That's so crazy.


Well, he's two years younger than me. 85. In 85. I was 18. So he's probably like, well, The eighties not so awesome. Eighties. Were pretty cool. Eighties. Were pretty except everybody's worried that Russia was gonna blow us up. The True story. Yeah. True story. Yeah. I remember 85, I believe it was 85 going to, I know obviously we're both into archery. So 85 Rambo First Blood part two came out. Pops took me to the movie theater. He and I saw it and we went straight from there to the archery shop. I at my first bow that day. Really? Yeah. I still have it. Wow. Yeah. It's awesome. I still have some of the same arrows. No shit. Yeah. I, I, I strangely don't lose things. But yeah. I remember in the backyard shooting, 'cause like he kind of half taught me and then I was in the backyard zinging arrows and thinking like if I had explosive tips, like how badass would this Be?


I went to Lanai and You know, they have the Pineapple Brothers has that archery and I brought my whole family. And then they also have this area where you can go and you can like shoot skeet and you drive like four, four wheelers up in the mountains. And then they had like traditional archery, like bows and arrows. And I was like, oh, lemme try this. I don't know how to fucking aim. I'm terrible at it. I was like, I'm a good archer. I should be good at this. Or I thought I could barely hit the fucking target from 20 yards away. It's like the science and the art, two different things. They're Totally, totally different. Yeah. I've always said like the guys that are traditional hunters, You know, trad guys, they're either weirdos or they're absolute killers.


Right. It's like Aaron Snyder type dudes. Yeah. Who are so good at compound archery. They get tired of it. Yeah. Or they're weird guys that smell like sausage and live in their mom's basement and they're like, you're like, I yeah, I know you do that. But you probably go to like ren fairs and stuff too. So I'm not sure what the deal Is. Well, at archery country, You know the local Yeah. Archery shop here in town. Whenever I get a new bow or I get a new site and I have to site it in, we go to their, they have an indoor range. Yeah. And a lot of times in the indoor range, there's these dorks, sorry folks dorks with recurves and they're fucking, they're at 20 yards. They're spread. It's like my arm length.


It's wild. They're barely hitting the target. It's wild. Don't do that. This is Stupid. You don you don't, you don't shoot like a, like a cardinal direction. I'm shooting east today. Like, Well I, when they get good, like I've seen Schneider, like He's such a bad groups At 40 that are like the size of a silver dollar. But most people struggle pretty hardcore. Yeah. But they say also that if you do wanna hunt with it, you have to practice every day. 'cause it's almost like throwing a ball. Like, You know, if you're throwing a ball, You know how much the ball weighs. 'cause you throw it a bunch of times and you have like this muscle memory that if I throw that hard at 20 yards, I'm gonna hit that thing. Yeah.


It's like a quarterback. Like quarterbacks, I know a couple of my buddies Right. Were college quarterbacks. They're all good trad archers. 'cause they kind of like have that hand eye spatial. They know the curve memory. Yeah. But you gotta be on that. Yeah. My buddy got into it, Brandon Lily powerlifter, he got into it and he all he hunted with for a couple years was t trad. And that that cat went to like Argentina and Africa just nuts in a sack with, he's like, nah, I'm going to t tra boat. I'm like, okay man. I'm always like, do you hate accuracy? No, he, he got it done, but holy cow. Like I know, but there's something about dialing it into like 47 yards. He Like Drawing back and centering your pan and just watching that shot break and watch that arrow go exactly where you wanted to go.


It's Just, and Swap and hit those ribs. Just the dopamine button of all time. Oh, it's the greatest. It Is. It does. Can you see the arrow? Does it slow down when you shoot at animals? Like It does For me. It looks like there's no way this arrow is ever gonna get to, it's like everything in my brain, it is like that book, the rise of Superman, when you go into flow state and everything speeds up in your brain. So actually the per per would be the perception. All, all lengthens out. They say your brain actually starts firing three times faster. The little pictures. Oh. So that's why the, it slows down. This morning I watched that arrow just right-handed turn. I'm like, that that deer's gonna move.


And it was only 27 yards. But I'm watching it. But when I Oh, that's interesting. But when I'm shooting targets, I'm just like, nah, whatever. And It, I don't seem to think that. No, Really? No. I always think it takes forever to get to the air to animal. No, I'm trying to think of when do things slow down for me? No juujitsu. No juujitsu. Just when you're really in a, a good state, it's just on almost like you're not thinking. It's like all of a sudden you have an arm bar. It's like, so It is a flow state. Yeah. It's a complete flow state, but it's a flow state that's established after, You know, thousands of hours of drilling.


And that's the most important thing in Juujitsu really is drilling. Everybody loves to roll 'cause it's so fun. Sure. You know, 'cause it's like you're playing a video game, you're like trying to kill each other. But the really important thing is drilling and drilling with like a certain amount of rigor. Like a certain amount of speed and intensity. You know, you're not trying to hurt each other, but you're drilling with like intention so that your body is completely accustomed to these movements. Like your, your body recognizes these movements and like you slap that elbow, grab that armpit, get that arm drag and you get the choke.


It's almost Like It happens before you even know it's happening Because you brain is so just, it's just wired in there. Your your your, your whole nervous system knows exactly what to do. It's Like a cascading effect. Like It if then kind of deal Now is that super slow drilling? No. And then you just go to speed. No, no. I think the correct way to drill is you drill with a little resistance from your partner. Like you don't want to put your partner to go limp on you. Sure. But just a slight amount of re like you have good partners, a slight amount of resistance, but then go through those motions with like a little bit of speed, but not, not like full blast.


Sure. But the whole idea is just get those numbers in bam, bam, bam. Eddie Bravo has the best explanation for this. He says, You know, when you tie your shoe, you don't think about tying your shoe. You just go bing. And your shoe just ties. Yep. Right. Because you you tie your shoes every fucking day. Right. You know exactly how to tie your shoes. Once you learn how to tie your shoes, it just bing. Yep. He goes, that's what a juujitsu move is. Ah, that's terrifying. It's Like It just gets in there and you don't, sometimes you don't know what's happening until it's happened. Like all of a sudden you have a triangle. Like whoa. Like Yeah. It Wasn Helpful. Yeah. It's just, it's just, you've done it so many times that when someone overextends or when someone gives up their neck or it just cinch up.


It's just one of those things where your whole nervous system is just pre-programmed to these very specific movements. Yeah. So you've taken all these little closed skills which are replicatable and then put 'em in an open format where like the if then scenario, like the flow chart just goes Exactly. Boom. Go, go, go, go. No go. And the best guys are the guys that drill constantly and then also study and take notes. Like, like Gordon Ryan. That's his belt up there. Yeah. Oh that's dope. Gordon trains 365 days a year with 365 days a year. And So it is breathing. He doesn't take any days off. He doesn't and he trains all fucking day long. So it, if you want to beat him, good luck.


'cause you have to catch those numbers. You have to bypass those numbers somehow. It's not like he's not talented, it's not like he's not intelligent. It's not like he's not physically strong. So he is got all those attributes already. Right. And then you have this insane work ethic along with dedication to technique. Yes. Which is, and you'd have years or decades to catch up. Exactly. And you Just can't. And so there's too many guys in Juujitsu that were just like big muscle heads that would just like muscle a move and just give a lot of grunt. And you're never gonna be the technique guy who's just as strong as you. If if that uses less percentage of their power and everything to get the same job done, also Knows exactly where to be.


Like you don you might not know exactly where to be 'cause you've gotten away with a lot of stuff because you're big, You know, because you're big and you're strong and you've pushed through stuff like Yep. Like big guys on their back. Like there's a lot of big guys. They get on their back and they become turtles. Yeah. They, they, they don't know what to do because they, they never get put on their back. Sure. Because they, they training. If you're a guy who's 250 pounds and you're in a normal jujitsu gym, what are the odds is another 250 pound guy there, most guys are 1 90, 200. Maybe there's a two 10. Right. There's not a lot of really big Guys, but a 6 3, 2 50 just ain't happening. Yeah. It's rare. It's rare. So you usually can push these guys onto their back and that's easier to do. So you probably do that more often and you like smashing people so you smash all these people.


But the problem is then you never develop a bottom game. You never develop a guard. You never develop ability to get out from under, under a big guy and do it technically. Sure. You know, get that under hook. Like, You know, go work for a deep half, like figure out a way to get back up to your feet. You, you're just always used to like overpowering people. And then when someone's bigger than you, you're fucked Way. You're fucked. So were you always strong? Like, Well, I was always strong. I mean, but I didn't weight really start lifting, lifting Weights. Okay. Until I got into jiujitsu. Okay. I mean, I always lifted a little bit of weights. Sure. I always worked out a little bit, but I was more into kickboxing than anything. Sure. But when I started doing jiujitsu, I was like, oh, being strong was like a big advantage. Yeah. It's a, it's a huge advantage.


Yeah. Which is interesting because I was watching this video where these guys were talking about this, these wrestlers and they were saying that wrestling has always acknowledged that power is really important, but for some reason juujitsu, they would like to pretend that it's not important. That interesting. That technique is everything. Was It cultural from where it was like, were the Gracie's and, and would like, is that a thing? Think the technique Is more important. Right. Because if a guy doesn't have technique and he has strength and you have technique, you can beat him. But you can't discount really fing strong. Right. But you also, a lot of stuff can discount a guy who's really fucking strong with technique. Yeah. And if they're not mutually exclusive, no. Like a lot of guys who are really fucking strong also know how to grapple.


Yeah, sure. And that's a giant problem. Now is there, like in the throws world, we always talk about like technique speed is Everything. Explain to people what you're talking About. Say throws world. So throws like Yeah, so I'm, I'm one of those nerdy guys that picked the sport that's like the least paying sport of all time. So I was a hammer thrower. So it's like a shot put steel ball, 16 pound steel ball on a one meter, You know, three foot long wire. So what you see on the Olympics, they spin around really, really fast and yell and scream and always make like the highlight reels of guys that scream. Where Did that come from? Was that a weapon at one point in Time? Yeah. Yeah. So they actually Scotland, they, they would use it, it was a hammer. They would literally have like for a agrarian to society and they have a, a cylindrical head on it so they could use it every side.


And so that would, that became a, a way to train for battle because they weren't allowed, the Scottish weren't allowed to have weapons. Oh yeah. So they would start throwing stones after the Braveheart days. Yeah. Or during those days. So they weren't supposed to have weapons. So they're like f this, we're just gonna take all the stuff we we have and stay strong. Stay ready. And then actually their, their stone was called the nar, which meant stone of strength. What A great name. That's wonderful name. That's a Viking name if I ever heard One Vik Clack. So tell me how badass this is. So like each family, like the Rogan family, like you're the patriarch, right? Okay. You'd have your clack art up on the mantle or whatever it is. So at your family outings, whatever outings those may be, all the men very much like in Braveheart, they would go and throw it.


The fir the guy who throws the clack art, the family stone, the furthest is kind of like the dude. Like, he's like, alright, alright you now my son has surpassed me. He's shown he's a man now. Right. Here's the wildest part. This, this gives me chills. So they would, if they went off to battle, they would take their clack, mark their stone, and on the way out town, they would all put it in a pile. And they're called a, I think it called a Karen or a Carn. So they would put it in a pile. So if they did not return to battle, they had placed their own monument to their town of their sacrifice. Whoa. So could you imagine, so when you go past these old towns and there's a pile, you're like, a lot of guys didn't come home And those piles are still there. When I was in Scotland, they did say a lot of 'em are still there.


I was competing when I did Highland games. Scottish Highland games. Wow. And it's wild. So like you think about it, you're like, man, you're literally kind of placing your family's stone of like, I'm going off. And if I don't show up, like, Dude, I was in Scotland, it's wild last year. And there was, What part of Scotland were you in? God, I wish I could remember. I'm not exact. I Up in the Highlands, like all the rural Stuff. Apple something or another. Aberdeen. I went with some friends and they, they took us to this place that my friend owns property out there naturally. And when we went there, there was a stone circle that is way older than, than Stonehenge.


No way. Yeah. And it's just sitting there. So a lot of stuff in Scotland's just sitting there. It's just sitting there in front of this dude's house and you can go and stand on it. I was like, this is crazy. And it's got like a little monument on it, but no one's stopping you from like walking around on it. And they're not big stones. They're like small stones. But this stone, they're like, I'm like, who made this? I was asking the guy that we were with. It's pretty knowledgeable. And he's like, no one knows. Wow. It's just left. Left laying around. Yeah. So Like Scotland. There you go. Is that it? No, that's not it. But it's kind of like that. It wasn't nearly as high. They were smaller standing stones And it was, and there's a bunch of 'em like laying around like there's a guidestone on the ground. Like how old is that? Wow. Like that's probably like thousands of years old. Wow.


But nobody knows. Like they don't know who made the stone. Yeah. 'cause that there industry, it's just a guidestone. Like, so if you were on a trail Mm. Through the Scottish Highlands, you would find these rocks we're on the right place. Lud and this's this fucking stone that's been there for 3000 years or whatever. Like they don't even know how old it is. Ah. And it's just sitting there. Isn't That so cool though? But it's a crazy thing. It was like across the street from this guy's house. Right. So it's got like this normal house and there's a little street. Then across the street from his house, there's a stone circle that's like, who knows how fucking old that one. Nope, it's not that either. Yeah, they had like the other stones of strength there. The inverse stone. They have a few that Are older than Stonehenge in Scotland.


'cause all three of these I pulled up. God Damn. Damn. How were They? Looks really high. Maybe they were in actually England. Oh, I was totally sober. Look, look at that image right there. How weird is that one? That's so cool. The ring of ger. How do you say that? Broad. They have some sweet names over there too. Ger the ring of Ger. Like what did they do in that ring? How many goats died in that ring? Lot of fights. How many fucking people got sacrificed in that ring? I mean, thousands and thousands of years ago. It's so cool. The, the stones over there, like they, a lot of people go over a lot of strongmen. They'll do like the stone tour. So they'll lift all the, they'll lift the Denny stones and the inverse stone and the inverse stone. I lift that it wasn in an old lady's garden. Right?


There's like a stone lifting. It's like a two that you go. Yeah, it's like a 265 pound, like big egg stone and Like It just laying around It. It's literally in this lady's garden, it's called the inverse stone. And People go there, people go There and Ma'am, can I go lift your rocks? This is 100% what happens. Really? Yeah. We were over there competing the US team. We ran over there and like all the Highland game guys were like, let's go check this out. And we all lifted it and she invited us in for tea. She's like, well we'll come and come and sign the book. And you look in the book, it's like, bill Kame was here, so and so was we were like, oh my gosh. Like the greatest strongmen in the world had come as a pilgrimage to lift this stone. And then they signed the book and you're like, that's so weird. This is awesome. And then across the street, there it is. Yeah. There. Yeah. And then, how do You say that word?


We call it the inverse stone in inverse Called Inver called Inver called Stone. Yeah. It seems like it's almost been like honed. Well that That's, Doesn't it seem Like It was polished to that size? Yeah. Chip, there you go. That one's outside. Oh, that one actually has numbers on It. Yeah, that's the one I lifted Does it says 6 265 pounds. Is that what it says? Yep. And And so we lifted it. And then actually, so what happened after, back in the eighties when Kami was coming on the scene, You know Bill Kasier obviously World Strongest Man kind of started the stage. He allegedly picked it up, You know, it was the man thing if you could pick it up. He picked it up and carried it across the street and bailed it up to the bar and laid it onto the bar and had a beer. Geez. I would be mad if it wasn my bar. Well you Probably, oh, he fucked up the crap outta the bar.


Bar. It did. It wasn there. I was like, damn, that's where Bill chipped it. This is bad. It Wasn the historian. I liked that stuff. Right. So we traveled all around, lift all the stones. It was cool. But anyway, a thrower is a PE person who decides to do a sport that doesn't pay a lot. No, I'm just kidding. But it's a shot. Put discus hammer javelin. It was all those original Olympic sports that were all weapons. And So I, That'd be a good sport if you're a trans woman, you get into Oh you would? Oh you would dominate. Oh, if I, The regular chicks wouldn't have a chance. Oh, I'm at 48 years old. I could still throw the living crap out of a woman's implement if I wanted to. It would be, it'd been a great move. But yeah, it was a part of the track and field. I got into it in college, kind of a weird Forest Gump like story.


It changed the course of my life. I went from Have you done a lift run shoot yet with Cam? I haven't done it with Cam. No. I've, we played around and done some stuff like that at my farm. You know, during different Events you used just do his, his podcast, the lift run shoot show. That'd be great. It makes you carry a rock up the fucking mountain. I went Up Pisca with him. I haven't carried the Rock and, but I'm sure you've done Pisca. It's Like the Cam rock. That's insane. I haven't done Pisca. I'm not doing that. Fuck outta Here. It wasn rough. Yeah, it wasn rough. I started running, I'm not a big cardio guy. I'm not interested in going anywhere where that guy's running. Dude. He is. He is as advertised as a badass. Like he Oh, he's a complete psychopath. He legit, legit. He's one of my best friends. He's a complete psychopath.


We did, we were, I, we all got running and then he kinda left me and then like he got to the top and then did his dance and then he came back down and like, hey man. And it was Like, It was very remarkable. Like It, he goes, all right, why do I do this all the time? He goes, if we c crested this corner right now and you saw the biggest bull of your life at 70 yards, could you make this shot? And I'm like, bro, I'm looking outta my ear hole right now. Like I'm screwed. He goes, that's why I do this every day. I'm like, yeah, I'm tracking. He's also addicted to exercise. He's addicted to cardio. Yeah. I mean, not so much think there's a state of mind that a lot of those distance runners get in that they get really, really addicted to. And it, there's a runner's high.


Like the runners. Have you experienced that? Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. Long cardio sessions. Yeah. I've never have. I've tried it really. Then I just either get bored or mad at cardio, then I go and lift weights and throw things. Well you've got like that power strength throwing background, You know, it's Like, It doesn't really benefit you to be really into cardio. Yeah. It actually probably diminished some of your strength. Like Heavily. Yeah. Greg g Glassman back in oh seven when I was throwing Hyland games, he was like, well you, you gotta do cardio or do CrossFit. And I was like, why? And he was like, no, it'll help your throwing. I Go, oh, the CrossFit guy. Yeah. That doesn't look Like it works out at all. That's the one. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not taking advice from you buddy. Well I was sitting there, I was like, I'm 265 pounds. He's like, you should do CrossFit.


And I'm like, I'm trying to be the best thrower in the world and that has nothing to do with any of this other stuff. Yeah. I have a, I have a golden rule when it comes to taking advice. I don't take advice from anybody who looks like shit. That's sound, that's sound advice. If you look like shit, I'm not taking advice. I know you had like some physical problems, right? Yeah. Something's wrong with 'em or something. But, but the bottom line is unknown and unknowable was not my sport. My sport was extremely known and extremely knowable. I know the Olympic trials are on this day and I need to show up and go really far. And also if you want to be a power lifter or if you want to do some just completely power focused exercise. Correct. It does not benefit you to spend time getting in like extreme cardiovascular shape.


Like you do need to do what the kind of running the cam does. Yeah. And it is not even not beneficial. It's detrimental. Right. I mean we would joke like why run when you could walk? Why walk when you could sit down and why sit down when you could lay down like as throwers it wasn what we would do. We would lay down every chance and eat every chance you get. Right. And they were like, I'm gonna stand up and do something really hard and fast for three seconds. Right. And then I'm gonna go rest for a while. Yeah. Call me when I'm back up. Yeah. I mean there's different, it's different things have different requirements. But if you want to be a mountain elk hunter, what he does is very beneficial. I just can't, I can't run my, I have a bad left knee that's been really bothering me the last few years. Yeah. And I just twisted it again this September.


Yeah. Yeah. You were saying your sciatica was a little tweaked up. It wasn another problem. It wasn from getting older overuse of No, it's just being stupid. That's overuse of archery. So I was, yeah because You know I have two bows. I have a bow that's 84 pounds and a bow that's 90 pounds. So I'm pulling these 90 pound bows a hundred times a day. Are you shooting that many times a day? Oh yeah. Good for you. Oh yeah. Oh you have to. Yeah. It for that moment when like a fucking giant bull walks in between the trees and you have a 70 yard shot, you have to 100% be confident that you can make that shot. And so I'm shooting at 84 yards over and over and over and over and oh, I'm obsessive.


But the problem was I developed like tendonitis in my lower back. So it's overuse from the stabilizing from like holding yourself really. So it's the pulling, well I'm sure that's it, but it's also holding it right there in that position. And it's all in my right lower back. But it's much, much better now. I started doing this thing called new fit. Okay. Talked about it the other day with Derek where they're doing electrical muscular stimulation while you go through exercises. It's really helpful. Really? Yeah. It's been three weeks. It's Like a microcurrent or more like a, it Juices you up. Like it's all the, all the muscles Contract, like STEM kind of thing. Yeah. But it's very strong. So this is, and you can crank up the intensity.


So this is some of the shit, like if you saw Mike Tri Mike Tyson when he was training for Jake Paul, he was doing that. Like what I think it's really good for, I don't, I don't know if it's good for a lot of these things, but it's really good for rehabilitation. Sure. For rehabilitation. I think there's tremendous benefits to it. And I bet there's some benefits for athletes for working on specific things and doing it while you're getting juiced up. But Sure man, for for me it's been, it's helped me quite a bit. Pretty was pretty quickly too. Like three weeks Later. Was it on that specific spot or they, they firing something else to Balance it out? No, that's right. Firing a lot of different parts of your back. So it's like both sides of my back, my obliques, my core and just going through a bunch of rotational exercises and a bunch of different things.


Yeah. To strengthen lower back and just, You know, you're getting a lot of blood flow through there and stretching it and it's, it just was, I was getting pain and I was like, shut up pussy. And I would just ignore the pain and then it just got bad. Yeah. It got bad to the point where my hips were getting kind of numb. Mm. And when I was hiking uphill, like in October when I was hunting in October, it was bothering me a lot. I was like, okay, I've gotta really do something About this now. Yeah. Because you could be, You know, talk yourself in or out of something really hard. But it, if it's something that's just gonna be chronic, you're like, well I'm screwing myself. I was Turn that chronic. Yeah. But it's a lot better now. Good. It's a lot better now. And it's only been three weeks. Oh, that's great. Yeah. My knee is still fucked, but not totally. It's mostly, it's mostly soft tissues.


The knee, it just, I twisted it, I twisted it crossing like slippery ground in, in September and I've had a lot of problems with it. I've had two knee surgeries. I had my ACL reconstructed, I had a meniscus piece removed. And then when I was skiing the last time I skied last and final time I ever skied, this lady didn't know how to ski and she like slid into the trail and I had to try to not wipe out, not not hit her rather. And I wiped out and I got what's called the insufficiency fracture. Hmm. So it's a, the bone fractured at the top of my shin, my fibula.


Hmm. Or my tibia rather Right. Where the cartilage is. And so really, yeah, that created quite a bit of pain. And then I twisted it again one time when I was about to get on stage. It's hard when to play on at Stubbs. I was going to Stubbs, which is like this outside concert venue. And I was looking at my phone to turn my voice recorder on So I could like record. And as I was doing that I twisted my knee on this concrete step, just yanked the shit out of it to the point where my leg was shaking while I was on stage because I was in pain. It looked like I was super nervous, but it was really just pain. Because I think at this point you get super nervous on stage when you're talking. Right? No, once I'm up there, I'm not nervous at all. But do you Still get nervous beforehand? I get excited.


Yes. You know, I think anything you do that you really care about, you should get excited. Yeah. Yeah. I used to call it my national leg. When I would go to national championships in the hammer all year, I'd be fine. And when I would wind the hammer on the first one, when I took the hammer back, my right leg would bounce. And I'm like, ah, there it is. It was one throw a year And it was like, here we go. Oh wow. We're back. They Outside adrenaline. Oh, it was adrenaline. 'cause where you're in, you physically, you're peaking for it. You're like, this is the day I have to compete. You, you don remember how it was. Yeah. But you're like, this is the day. Yeah. And like everything else is kind of work. And then you're like, I'm cashing out today. I get to cash out today. Like I get to like, and then it's like, oh, it's the best. Yeah. It's The best. Doing exciting things is really fun.


Oh man. And it's so important for you to grow as a human. Do something that scares the shit outta you. Do something that excites you. Do something that's difficult. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And it's almost, I don't know, sometimes it's good when it's a more dynamic where you don't know when it's gonna happen, but, but looking forward to something is pretty badass too. 'cause then you could start focusing training Sure. And focusing efforts and then going through it like almost stages of guilt. The stages of excitement. And you're like, okay, my excitement, no, I got this one. Don't just go back and forth. Yeah, let's go. It's live. Yeah. That's what it is with everything. I mean, I think it's the, these processes of like recognizing there's a goal. Yes. Working towards it, solving problems, working hard, pushing yourself through discipline.


And that's how you grow. And it's like, that's, that's how everything grows, right? This is how your mind grows. This is how your body grows. This is how your life grows. Like, you have to do stuff that's hard and then you get better at doing stuff that's hard and that's how you get better. Yeah. And then you level up and you're in this next wilderness, you're like, all right, well what's the next thing? But when that alarm clock goes off, it's so hard to know that, You know, all these things. But you're the, the force of the bed, the gravity of that warm bed. Oh, it's cold in the room. Oh, oh. Especially like, shout out to people who live in like Alaska. Oh. And they have to get outta bed, dude. Fuck. I'm sure you've done some, some hunts where You know, you're in a tent or something like that.


And then you're like, I know I really want to get out there, but oh my, this you're like, my boots are frozen. And like Yeah, maybe that bull will just kind of walk more this way. First time I ever did was it was Steve Rene in Montana. Oh yeah. I Remember seeing that. And it was, it Wasn nine degrees, nine degrees in the morning where just like, Jesus Christ so cold. It it wasn the, the hunt that started it all for you, wasn't it? Yes. Yeah. Little forkey kind of buck from what I remember. That's him right there. No. Okay. Yeah. That's the buck. Oh, no way. Yeah. That's the first buck I ever shot. That's awesome. That's him. Yeah. The, the the buck that launched a thousand hunting careers. Well it was a life changing experience, but You know, I remember that those things where, You know, you realize like, wow, where would we be without houses?


And it was only by the way, that's a, it was only I think October. It was October of 2012. I'm pretty sure it was October And it was already nine degrees in Montana. Like what, what was it like in February for these poor fucks? What's January like in the morning and you're in a tent. Fuck. Well it's like Josh Smith up there at M KC has talked about like, yeah, everyone loves Yellowstone. Y'all about to find out in February. He is like, everyone wants to move here. He goes, stick around. Yeah. It's gonna get live here in about January or February. How many people got super confused by that show and bought a house there? And they're like, what is this? Why is the ground solid? Exactly. Oh, I love it. It is like, this is fantastic.


Especially Someone who's never lived in the real north before. You don't know what happens when you're ground freezes. The ground is a piece of rock. Like, So if you fall on it, your food freezes a rock. Your, You're like, ah, everything freezes. Yeah. Ah, that's a, that's a whole different animal. It's A different way to live, that's for sure. But You know, I was talking with this gentleman yesterday, Rick Straussman. Oh, cool. Who a, a scientist. But we were, we were talking about the time where he was living in Alaska and he was living in Alaska and he lived in southern California and then he moved to Fairbanks where it's 39 degrees below zero. Oh. And he is like, what the hell? And then it's dark for like 10 hours.


Everyone's depressed. And then vitamin D lights. Oh. So we're not dark for 10 hours. Rather it's, it's only light for four hours. Right. It's light for four hours. So it's dark for 20 hours. Yeah. Fuck that. Have you, you've been to Alaska a lot. I would think you Like It few times. I like the people up there. They're hardy. They're, they're different. That's good way to put different kind of human. Yeah. Yeah. I, I was At a battle tested. They They are. And everyone wears extra tough boots. Yeah. You know, wanna get caught outside with some fucking bullshit flip Flops. Yeah. Yeah. And, and if your boots are too clean, you'll get made fun of openly. Right. They're like, Hey, nice new extra tufts. Cool. You know, your, you're friends with Tyler from Ry country. Tyler was always walking around everywhere with flip flops. Bro, that guy hunted yesterday in shorts.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's a different kind of dude. He killed a ear in shorts. If you're in Alaska and you have flip flops, you're gonna die. You're gonna, your feet are gonna freeze off. True. You're gonna have no feet. Yeah. Like you need boots. Yeah. I was out at a bar out there. We were in Homer, Alaska And it, we were playing pool and jacking around a little. Where's Homer? Homer is? They have this big spit that comes out. I don't know. It's in Alaska somewhere. How Far up there? Far? It's all far. Alaska's big Man. I don't Know when you see how big it is and you like lay it over the country. Jamie, where's Homer? How, how much we Stole from the Russians there. It's of course you'd have that. There it is. Yeah, there it is. So we were, yeah. God Damn Alaska's big. It's so cool, isn't it?


So we're on that like big spit. So we were on that bay, which is crazy. And yeah, so we were down there and we were at a bar goofing around and I remember I walked into the bathroom and I was like, I just kind of noticed, I was like, wow, there's no mirror on the wall, whatever. I was like, oh, that's kinda interesting. And one of the guys was like, yeah, there's no mirrors in the bathrooms in Alaska Because it doesn't matter what you look like, you better just be capable or you're gonna die. And I was like, what a cool place. Like he's just like, no one cares what you look like Here is everyone's hairs all fro out and they're dirty and oily and greasy. He's like, yeah, that's, that's the flex here if you're can make it. That's interesting. Yeah. I was like, oh, what a cool.


But yeah, we were sitting in that bay looking across the bay with a pair of spot air and, and looking at tracks and seeing animals across the bay like 19 miles away. It was crazy on that white snow. It was wild. I never thought you could see that far of a spotting scope. No kidding. Well how much magnification is spot? 90. Oh wow. Yeah, some monsters, but still it was like, yeah. Big swirl that you could see, You know, all of Elon stuff up in space with probably Imagine those poor fools that had to hunt with traditional bows. No binos, no spotting scopes. Dude. Did anything got Killed? No wind checker, no range. No app finder. Have the app. No apps. I have apps. I have everything. Oh yeah. I have a range finder that sinks up with my app.


Of course you do Man. I don't even, I haven't even set it up yet. But it's Do You nerd out on all this stuff like I do, I do. See, here's the problem. I have a loophole range finder. I really like loophole's. Full draw. Yep. The one, the reason why I Like it is because it'll show you the arc of your arrow. Yes. That It says under nerdy is folks. So my arrows go 294 feet per second. Okay. How heavy. And They're, these are 4 75. Okay. 4 75 grains. And you calculate all this stuff, you put all this stuff into the rangefinder and the rangefinder knows exactly how heavier your arrow is. Exactly what the peak of it's gonna be as it comes off your bow, how fast it's going.


And it gives you a line. Yes. So that line, so if I'm shooting through a gap in some trees, and I actually did this a couple years ago. Did you? I actually did it when I had a Garmin range finder. Right. So the Garmin is a range finding sight, which is pretty badass. I've always wanted to play with one of This. It kept fucking up though. Yeah. And apparently they're getting better. But Medtronics, they, they fucked me a couple times And it would fuck me on my range. Like I would, I'd be at full draw on my range and I know it's 84 yards and I press the button and I'm not getting a range and I press the button again and I'm like, so you would press the button And it would give you a red dot. Right. When it works, it's the greatest thing of all time. Sure. It's just like a pistol. Like you see that red dot, that clear lens and then that dot it's the best site picture.


Sure. Of all time. Of all time. Yeah. Everything else like the post or the side post in the way. Yep. They get a little in the way just to touch. Not, not bad. I can deal with it. Sure. You know. But that red dot was fucking amazing. So I shot this, I'll show you the bull afterwards. I shot this big bull and he was coming through this gap and I wasn't sure if the arrow was gonna make it there. So I pulled out the second range finder and I clicked on that and I got the height of the arrow. I knew I could make it. And then I used the range finding site. So a man that knows his tools, The opposite of these guys with their traditional bow point. Yeah. Like I'm, I'm, You know, I'm using technology. Sure. So the new loophole though, the problem is it doesn't have this, this height thing in it, but the new one, when you range an animal with onyx hunt.


Yeah. So you arrange the animal And it marked, puts a pin down where that animal is. Yep. I actually had the, I was one of the test subjects for that they sent me. Wow. Yeah. Probably two years ago I was hunting at DT with it. Mm. Giving him feedback. We found a mule deer the day before and I arranged him, marked him, and we went back the next day and I shot him at 14 yards. That's crazy. It was awesome. That's crazy. 'cause you can go back to the actual spot where he was. Yep. Yeah. It threw it off to my phone. And it is like the, I can't remember what it's called, it's the range, but it has like the L Something. 500. 500. Yeah. Something like That. So you can find it, Jamie. Yeah. It's pretty dope. It's super cool. I love loop polt shit. I just wish their glass was as good as Swarovski.


Yeah. Everybody, I say that about every, like, vortex makes awesome binos for the money. You can't beat 'em. Especially their HDX series. Those really high end ones, those are fucking great until you put it through the, the sorrows. You pick up those NL Pures and you're like, fuck Yeah. You're like, yeah, It's so, that's almost like, I wish I never looked through 'em. Oh, it's, that's it. Yeah. That's it. The RX 5,000. Yeah. That thing is badass. It's pretty dope. So it does, it syncs up with your OnX hunt so you could show, show you how it works there. So what's really good about that is not just, You know, You know where you hit the, You know where the animal is. So if you have to go around somewhere and get back to 'em, you'll, you'll be able to get back to, You know, if you're trying to get away from the wind.


Well, the spot in stalk is so nice. 'cause we were hunting mule deer in Arizona and you could, same thing. You're, you're circling around and your depth of perception. You, You know, I've, I've been 200 yards off. I feel like this is more designed though for the rifle hunter. And this is like, even, they're even showing guys like going 2000 yards with this thing. I feel like for the bow hunter, they just need to add their, maybe it'll just make it too big. Mm. But add that height of arrow technology. I don't know why they wouldn't put that in there. Yeah. Because I can't use it. I, I need that, that, that is so huge. Big for elk hunting. That is big. Yeah. For me it's like gaps or everything. I wanna be able to be sneaky.


Just make my way around a tree. Just gimme this. Yep. Gimme this much. And if it's, and if I know that the arrows never gonna hit the top or the bottom done, I'm golden and I have full confidence. 'cause otherwise it's a mind fuck. 'cause I'm sure you've had arrows hit branches before. Oh yeah. It sucks so hard. Yeah. When you whack. Yeah. Yeah. Like you're landed in Cleveland somewhere. A few years back in Utah. Here's the one is Four. That one I had pulled up, had a TBR was made for ballistic four I think this morning. Yeah. These are all for Archery. Yes. The full, well, the tbrs to the right. Yep. That that is, that one is a similar one. It wasn like, I don't think that's as sophisticated though. And I don't think that has the app. I think the RX one's the only one.


The app. But I have that one, the full draw five. I don't go anywhere without that. Yeah. It's the shit that, that is to me. I have a, I've had a bunch of different ones that were really cool. Like Aaron Snyder turned me on to this Nikon a a while back. It wasn image stabilizing it wasn a game changer. It wasn, that's a big deal Because you could really like get it right. The range finder was on the animal. Yeah. Okay. Image stabilizing rangefinder. Yeah. I used image stabilizing binoculars. Have you used those sig ones? I've used cams. I tried that to those things. Pretty dope. I'm running sixteens. Yeah. Oh right. Because you could just hold 'em. 16, 16. I mean, I have, I've run Suros since 1999 and I started leaving mine at home because I like the SIGs so much and they did the new hd.


So it has a better glass now. It's still not as clear as Soros. I mean, that's just, but Because you could stabilize, I could run sixteens and I'll run sixteens in the woods because I could just peer through everything and like, boom. I ran, ran twelves in the woods this year. Which is a little too much When you're, when you're Not stabilized. When, yeah. I usually run tens, but I like sometimes 10 by 42 s. Yeah. Yeah. 10. Sometimes when you're looking at something that's really far off, you're like, I don't know if that's a good bull. Is that worth chasing? Yeah. The, the twelves make all the difference in the world. But what I do is I grab my baseball hat. I learned this trick from Remy Warren. Oh, that's a good idea. Yeah. So what you do is you Remy's a killing son of a gun. I use a killing son of a month.


You clip that sucker down tight so your hat's on tight. Smart. And then I'll do this. Oh, and I'll hold my binos right here. Or take my bow and put it here. And then stack it on top of the bow. Press the bow up against your chest so it's not gonna go anywhere. And then stack it on top of the That's a good idea. The cam of the bow. A lot of guys do that. Sure. But Remy taught me this one and I think this That's smart. This one's super legit. Just hold on your Hat super fast too. Yeah. And you can get your, you could tuck your elbows in like this and you could really keep it stable. If I couldn't do that, I wouldn't use twelves. But I don't think I'm gonna use twelves anymore anyway. Really? No, I think tens are the way to go. Maybe even eights. 'cause you get a bigger field of view. Yeah. Because A lot of times I'm seeing stuff through trees and I'm, I'm sneaking around like I, I like to, You know, I'm a big spot in stalk guy.


Sure, sure. That's, I've tried a bunch of different hunting. I've tried ground blind, I tree stand hunted with Dudley. Yep. That you can go fuck yourself with that. Sit in those trees all day. Fuck that. I am way too a DHD for that. You'll out out The out phone. You find out if you're crazy. Oh, I'm crazy. Yeah. I'm definitely crazy. Yeah. I don't Like It. I don't like being up there in a tree like that. Here's my question though. I was just in Missouri. I went to our farm. I was there six or seven days and we sit at, You know, 30 minutes before to 30 minutes all day. Yeah. You have to. It's So, it is. But I would think with as many people as popping on you and all this that Like, It was nice.


'cause for me, I'm like, I'm quiet. I could just be. Yeah. I enjoy, I enjoy that part where I could just unravel and think, like, think through problems. Yeah. But yes, you go crazy and then you burn out your phone because you're like, and I'm gonna search for the dumbest things possible. I'm gonna buy socks. A hundred percent. You Just sitting also, you, you don't realize, like if it's 30 degrees out, like 30 degrees is no big deal. Yeah. You could walk around 30 degrees, but as soon as you're sitting there dude and 30 degrees, you get so fucking cold. So cold Because you, you're not moving. So you're not generating any heat at all. Yeah. So then you're in this stupid body warmer suit That zips up. Oh yeah. You look in a big Snuggie, it's A big old oven and my hands are in here. But the problem with that is if a deer comes, then you gotta Zip all this stuff.


Gotta Gotta make all that noise. You gotta get out of it. All this movement. Grab your bow. Yeah. So you really shouldn't do that. So you try to go with a puffy, but you're still freezing. So then I start doing Bruce Lee exercises while I'm up there. And fucking one thing I realized, I, I was so cold. I had a hard time pulling my bow back once. Yeah. I was going to shoot this deer and I was up in that there Stand for Iowa. Iowa like four or five hours. Yeah. In Iowa. And I go to pull that bow back. I'm like, Jesus. Well 'cause you shoot a 90 Pound bow. Yeah. But I was so cold. Part of it. Yeah. Oh no, it's, yeah. I'll sit there and just do like, You know, like I had a 95 pound bow for a while. Oh, I remember when he made you that one. Yeah. I couldn't draw it on my knees. I had to stand up. You know how I found that out? Because you couldn't, because I was on my knees right behind a bush and an elk walked behind like, fuck God dammit.


You're Like, it wasn super helpful. And I was in a weird spot to where I could only lean on my left leg too. Like, So it was, You know, it was like I was on my knee, but I was even on my left knee. It was like a fucked up Elk. Right. And you don't have a good Yeah. I was like, my right knee was up like this. My left knee was down there. I was like, this is bullshit. That bow was crazy. I remember you texted me. Shoot 540 grain arrows. 305 feet per second, Bro. When it hits. It was just like, it was, it was cr like I remember we were shooting at the DT and we were all shooting at a hundred yards. Just me and a couple of these guys. Yeah. And they shot first and then I shot and the guys go, what the fuck are you shooting? 'cause the bow was so flat, The, the key, he was still rolling at that Point.


He, he goes, that bow is so flat. What is that? And I'm like, this is a 95 pound bow. It was the dumbest thing ever. I Remember you sitting me, you was like, this thing's preposterous. It was so dumb. It also had a really short brace height, So it was super sketchy. So if you moved your hand s it was so unforgiving that if you moved your hand even slightly, you were off target by six inches. Oh Geez. Yeah. Just really twitching, driving a little Tokyo drifter around All the time. It was so dangerous. Not dangerous really, but like you just wouldn't Yeah. I wouldn't trust it, You know? Yeah. I killed a couple animals with it and then I, I stopped trusting. Yeah. And you get to put it on the wall and go like, well then I went to an 80 pound bow from Hoyt and I was like, oh my God, this is so much better. It was like 15, 20% more accurate.


Yeah. I was like, that thing is just too, too sketchy. Yeah. I just, I just got that RX nine like last week and Oh, that's great bro. Yeah. It's, I'm shooting 76, but I'm 30 and a half inches. I got pretty good stroke on it. Oh yeah, man. Yeah. I need some extra horsepower at 28 and a quarter. Yeah. I need, Like, I'm shooting five 20 grain at about 2 82 mm. So it's moving out. That's great. Yeah. That's the, like guys like Randy Ulmer, he likes 2 65 to two 80. Yeah. He thinks that like, that's, that's the range where the arrow arrows are like the most accurate. There's this thing about having too much fucking whip.


Yep. You know, there's too much. And it's almost like You get too much flex on the arrow. There's A lot of flex on the arrows And it, it's probably more subject to wind drift when they're flexing like that. You know, It's like when we used to throw the javelin, there was different rated javelins and you could be too strong for the jab. And so if you don't pull through the tip perfectly, just like aero spine, right. Spine. And so you have a 50 50 meter jab, 60 meter jab, 70 meter. And when you start getting strong, you could bend a 50 meter jab like a banana. Wow. It's kind fun actually. And it comes out like, whoa, whoa. Like Lamar from like, like what was it? Revenge of the nerds. Oh, okay. But yeah. Is That makes sense that it would be just like arrows. Yep. But you got, 'cause for folks at home, say if you have a 50 pound bow, you could probably get away with a three 20 green arrow.


3 30, 3 50. So the higher the number, the more flexible the spine of the arrow is and the lighter the arrow will be. Right. So I shoot a two 50. So it's like, like a nice stiff because with all that kinetic energy Yeah, yeah. If you're, Especially how much weight you have in the front creates creates that more of a flex too. Exactly. But it's, to me it's all about, like, I've heard arguments before, like people say, oh, you don't need that much bow power. You don't shut your fucking dirty little skinny mouth Because it, the only reason why you would say that is 'cause you can't pull that back. Yes. That's the only reason. And if you think that 70 pounds to you is the same as 70 pounds to me and you don't work out, that's just dumb.


That doesn't make any sense. It's Just, yeah. It's like saying, well you don't need a 500 pound deadlift to look. Yeah. But it's nice. Yeah. But if you can't squat 500 pounds and you have to squat 500 pounds, you can't do it. I can So shut the fuck up. Yeah. It's, it's nice to have in your pocket shut Your dirty little skinny Hole. Yeah. Because all that is is you're, you're just saying there's virtue in being physically weak and that's stupid. That's stupid. Do you need to be able to pull back 80 pounds to kill an elk? No. If you can't pull back 80 pounds and you're really accurate with 60 pounds and you have a cut on contact broadhead, you can be successful. But I'm going through that whole animal. Yeah. I'm getting a pass through on a giant animal and you're probably not gonna Yeah.


And I think that's, it's more important to be able to have the most ultimately lethal setup possible. I learned this from Cam. Yes. He's my mentor. Yep. He's the guy who taught me how to bow hunt. And You know, his whole thing is he shoots a 90 pound bow as well. Yep. It's like the most amount of power. And you wanna make a big fucking hole. Yes. And you want that animal to die like that. Yeah. W Well with anything, why would more horsepower if you could handle it not be advantageous? It's stupid. That's why race cars have limits on the amount of power you could have. Yeah. Because it is more advantage, You know, if a Formula one drivers figured out a way to get a 4,000 horsepower engine and have it handled, they would win. They would Win. They would win. Like, and or, or if you could punch 30% harder than everyone else in UFC.


Yeah. Do it. Yeah. Literally the time Francis, you make a lot of money. Ano became the heavyweight champion of the world. Fuck hits harder than anybody. Yeah. It's interesting. My buddy Lauren Landal strength coach, and I was talking to him last week and he did a, actually a study on ground force power into, into punching. And they did, so they tested it on like a force plate jump and force plate. And then they did a Proteus machine. Have you ever seen one of those? They kinda like, it's like you kind of throw it and push it. Kinda the same thing. So they tested the, the power of the punch and then tested ground force and then they did squats, but they also did like a trap bar deadlift. And then the training was a jamer arm, like a, You know, a jamer arm punch.


So they had the sequence of force and he had a double digit increase of strength through the, or power through the ground. And it equated to a 12% increase in punching power. Wow. So almost, almost percent for percent. So you look at that and say, well if you're, if you're stronger Yeah. You, you squat more or deadlift more now as long as it doesn't take away from the sport. But that has a, a very, very real effect on punching power. Yeah. The it does. The, the, the way it takes away from the sport is if you're sore from lifting weights, you're not gonna train as effectively. Of course. That's just a fact. Like, Or it takes too much time away from your technique or Yes. Injury or whatever. That's where steroids come in. And that's why Gordon Ry can train 365 days a year.


He's open about it. Like he's open about his use. Yeah. Because they don't test for steroids in Juujitsu. So, You know, he's a wizard. So he's like a pragmatist interest. I I I figured that they would. Nope. UFC though. They do, right? The UFC. They do. Yeah. But you ever seen Gordon, you ever seen his Shirt off? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's Another that motherfucker, he ain't passing no tests. Yeah. Gimme a one of photos of Gordon look like A Greek God. Yeah. He's, he's he's squared Away. Yeah. I mean when you have that and then you have a, a genius level iq and then on top of that Yeah. You fuck At it. It's pretty typical. This big shit eating grid on his face. And then you have a guy who trains 365 days a year who also works on technique constantly.


That's how you have the greatest of all time. Yep, Yep, Yep. But by the way, all those guys, like gal, the guy who was on the bottom there, he's on the juice too. It's a level playing field. They're all juiced up. Right, Right. It was kinda like the, the lifters and the throwers of the eighties. Yeah. Everyone had a 600 pound bench because that's what you do. And guess what you gotta test now. Well, And this is a, a great argument to this idea of power being necessary like with jiujitsu and grappling. You know, like if you have technique like Gordon's and you're built like him Yeah. Giant advantage. Giant advantage to be super strong always in all of life, there's fucking zero advantage of being weak. No, There's never a time you're like, You know what, if I could just get my squat down a bit, that would really pan out for Me.


One thing though that is really important, this, this actually really pays off. If you can train with a guy who's small, like if you can learn juujitsu with a guy who's small, you'll learn the best juujitsu. Why is that? Because they have to use technique. They have to use leverage. Like you're a big fucking strong guy. If you learn juujitsu, you, you could use that strength. You could squish people's necks and throw 'em on the ground and grab their arms and stuff like that. But a small guy can never do that. Yeah. So if you can learn Jiujitsu feeling like a Barrett Yoshida or a Hoer Gracie or Eddie Bravo, or there's a few of those. Gabe, Gabe Tuttle, who, who teaches over here at 10th Planet, small guy, jujitsu's the best juujitsu because Ah, yeah.


Because it has to be razor sharp. Yep. 'cause they don't have the physical strength, like overpower arm can Yeah. Get you into a certain position just from raw horsepower. They have to like sneak it in there with leverage and they have to do everything perfectly. So those guys, if you learn jujitsu from them, you're gonna learn like the most technical jujitsu. Yeah. Is that like obviously a, a reason why you should learn younger when you're small and weak? Well, It's always good to learn young, because first of all, it becomes a natural part of your movement. Mm. Like, it's like as your body matures. Right. Your body's, it's, I think it's more important with striking than anything. It's very rare that someone learns how to strike while they're already physically mature.


Yes. And ever reach the level of like a Floyd Mayweather. Right. Because that guy, as he was a child, his his body, his reflex is developed striking. Yeah. And he's just got this massive encyclopedia of information that's available to him. He knows exactly when he sees you do this, he knows that straight left is coming and he knows all he has to do is do this. And he knows the counter's gonna be there when you go to look for the right hand afterwards. Yeah. He's just got it all programmed. It's slapped. It's all just like right in there. Yeah. For you to build that up after you're 28, like eh Yeah. You're gonna be, you're never gonna be at his level.


Right. You're not, you, you, you kind of have to, unless you're some physical freak, which do they do exist, You know? Yeah. But they, what I've understood too is the potential for building speed, which is let's be on a speed, is a big part of power, which is punching. Right. It's the sequence of force. How do you create force to the ground explosion of force not implosion into your arm or your foot or whatever it is that ends at 22, that the potential to develop the potential for speed ends at 22. Yeah. That's why all the, the weightlifters and everyone gymnast, everyone has to start young. So when You're those firing patterns, You're 27 and you try, you'll never, You won't reach the potential you could have genetically Oh. Because you just don't have this the sequence of the speed.


Right. That makes sense. It's, it's the, I know how to do this at speed that goes whack, whack, whack through here. Yeah. And I could crack that whip. Yeah. Your body just has, it's done too many other things at lower speed. And so, You know where I really notice that with kicking. Mm. And when I teach people kicking, there's certain things that they have a really hard time doing fluidly. You know, one a force, the big ones is like anything that requires spinning. Like if you look at a good MMA fighter that doesn't have like a TaeKwonDo background and you teach them how to throw a wheel kick, they'll never be able to throw a wheel kick like, like a real TaeKwonDo black belt. They, there's certain guys that like, as they're young Yes.


They're developing these spinning techniques Yep. And they just got it wired in their whole nervous system. Yep. Just, and it's so smooth and fluid that the power is so extraordinary. And You know, I've taught people that were like elite MMA fighters and I try to teach 'em how to throw things like a spinning back kick for instance. And it, it takes a long time for them. Even like John Jones' one that he landed Like It nasty on steep a that that guy's a freak. Like that that guy is like what we're talking about. Like you can, there's some guys, you could teach 'em things when they're in their thirties and they could develop it like as someone who's been doing it their whole life. But that's, that's a rare exception.


Another rare exception I was thinking is Alex Pereira. Alex didn't really start striking until he was like 21 years old. He didn't even start training. But my question would be what other things did he do that that that ex exaggerate like, like that developed that speed and power sequence? 'cause like, You know what He did? He worked in a tire shop. Really? Yeah. So he's like hoisting tires and hammering tires down and setting wheels. Right. So you're learning, you're learning to do the most because if you're doing it for a job, you're gonna do the most efficient method possible to move an object. Right. You're also Gonna to put that tire up there too. Develop Rotational strength. Right. You're throwing hammers down. I mean he's doing this eight hours a day all day long.


So like, think about how many sequencing tires he's hammered. Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's not a training thing For him. Francis Sano, when he was a child, worked in a sand mine. So he's fucking digging sand all the time. And he just, his body, he's just, as he's developing, I also massive physical specimen. Yeah. Right. So he is like six, six or six five, whatever he is. 265 natural built like a fucking Greek God, like a statue just, and his whole body's developing as he's a young man digging sand and the anger you have. Why I can't believe I have to dig this fucking Sand. Could you imagine? It's like the wheel of pain. Like it walking. It's like Conan, he, he really is like a guy from a movie in a sand and then becomes a heavyweight champion of the world was homeless.


Oh yeah. You know, his, his, you ever heard his story About Oh yeah. So buddy of mine, Bo Sandoval used to run the strength conditioning direct, he was a strength conditioning director, UFC. And so he told me about it years and years. He's like, we got this guy. And I was like, really? He goes, no, this is gonna be a dude. And I was like, really? And he told me his whole story about Cameroon and like living in France and the whole deal. And I became like, I never even looked eyes on the guy. I was like, this guy's, he's my guy. I wanna like, I wanna like him. Oh he story. And then he came on to see like o His life story told on the podcast about making his trek. Like he just decided he has to leave Cameroon. And everybody's like, what are you gonna do? Right. You can't go anywhere. And he just went through the fucking desert. Yeah. All the way to Morocco and then gets in a raft and does it seven different times.


He gets arrested, gets taken into custody, they bring him into the middle of the desert, drop him off, he goes right back to Morocco, walks through hitches ride. Took him a year and a half. If he makes, I don't care how much money that guy makes, it's not enough for, for just being able to do that. Like that is so, so simple. How About he has one boxing fight. He knocks down the heavyweight champion of the world and one of the greatest heavyweight boxers of all time. He hits him with a left hook and drops him and almost won. Like I thought he won the decision And it was over. I was like, they're gonna give it to him. I think he won the decision. He was battering him in the eighth round. He dropped him in the second. I'm like, I think he won. That's and a lot of people thought he won. Yeah. And he came that close.


Yeah, that fucking close. And So is that like obviously genetically super gifted, right? Yeah. But then also like we're talking about like shoveling and doing all this work. When you do that work for that long, you learn how to become efficient Because you don't wanna spend extra time and effort doing stuff. So you just learn how to kind of move stuff. There's A little bit of that. And I think to be, to be really charitable, I think Tyson Fury probably didn't think that he had a chance. Mm. I think Tyson Fury probably didn't train as hard as he would've trained if he thought that Francis was a real threat. Right. I think he probably thought, I'm gonna box this guy's fucking face off. How could this MMA fighter and then he gets hit with one of them hammers.


Yeah. Thud. And he's the terminator And you're like, he gets duck in the side of his head. He is like, what the fuck did this guy just hit me with? And he is on his ass as the heavyweight champion of the world fighting a guy with zero professional fight. It wasn his first ever pro fight his second ever pro round and he drops one of the greatest heavyweights in the history of the game. You, I think my, here's my Mount Rushmore of heavyweight boxers. Mike Tyson's, number one, Mike Tyson from 1986 to like 1990. There was not, or 88, whatever it was. It was a few years before the wheels came off. 'cause he was just going crazy and partying, fighting with syphilis and shit.


He was a, he was a a maniac. But that guy, the guy who knocked out like Michael Spinx. Yeah. The guy who knocked out Larry Holmes, the guy who won the title from Trevor Burbank. I think that guy's the greatest heavyweight fighter of all time. Yeah. He was a juggernaut man. Yeah. The guy who knocked out Marvis Frazier. That's the scariest version of Tyson ever. The Marvis Frazier version. But you Could also, Because you were like probably late high school. Yeah. Like yeah. So I was like a little kid and I remember like walking out my skateboarding and they're like, you see Larry Holmes fight last night? I was like, oh no. But I heard it was like 19 seconds or whatever it was. It was crazy. We were all pumped about it. No, the Larry Holmes fight went a few rounds. Yeah. Differently than I did at a kid. Yeah. Well I was, yeah. I was doing a little boxing myself. Yeah. And I was a giant boxing fan.


He was a freak. He was a, a very unusual thing because every other heavyweight was kind of slow. Yeah. And even if they could hit hard they were lumbering. Yeah. He was bobbing and weaving and moving And it was a small heavy t heavyweight. T wasn't even six feet tall. Yeah. So he's built like a brick shit house. He's got a 20 inch neck. He's so cool. 220 pounds moves like a guy was one 50. Yeah. And he's throwing lightning bolts at your central nervous system. Just blank. He's hitting you to the body and your fucking legs are shutting off. He was a monster. I just think you can't maintain that forever. Yeah. And I think I, they burn hot. I always, when I look at fighters, I try to look at 'em like when they were, when they were white hot, just burning hot at the highest level that they could achieve.


What was that like? Like what was that? I feel like as great as Muhammad Ali was, man I just don't see him surviving. I just Not at the height. The height of The height. No, no. I just, I see like Henry Cooper dropped Ali when he was back when he was Cassius Clay with a left hook and they cheated to get him out of the round. Ah. Custom motto. Cut his gloves. So they had to take his glove off and replace the gloves They gave him all this recovery time. Yeah. You ever seen that Henry Cooper fight? No. Henry Cooper was a bad man. Who was his British boxer. This guy from England who had a nasty left hook and he caught Cassius Clay just bap perfect one in his like leg. And he like slumps down the ropes.


He was dunville but it was at the end of the round. And then Angelo Dundee, I mean that guy had been around the block. Yeah. He knew it. Just cut These fucking gloves. See if you could find that Jamie. 'cause it's a, it's a cra it's a crazy fork in the road in history. Right. Because if they don't cheat, likely he gets stopped. Likely. Henry Cooper who landed the perfect left hook hits him with a couple more. Right. And that's it. He's done. Right. He looks done already. Like watch this. Henry Cooper had a nasty left hook. Who out? Who? Brokes. Look how he's down there. Yeah. He's That's not regular down. That's fucked up. Down. That's like real trouble. But it's the very end of the round out.


Look at this Boom bro. But look how it goes down. That is, that's Dunville. So if that's a minute earlier, if he gets hit with that Yep. The whole thing changes. Right. Right. The whole thing changes. He's not undefeated when he fights Sonny Liston. He's not this unstoppable force. Isn't that crazy how it Wasn little crazy. And that can happen. Yeah. And there are fighters that I have seen in the UFC that I go, this guy could be the next fill in the blank. This guy could be the next great welterweight champion, the next great lightweight champion. And then they have one fight. And in one fight something happens. They get hit with a flying knee or they get head kicked or something happens.


Yep. And then their whole path changes. And you go like, wow, if that guy wasn't overmatched. Right. If he didn't fight that guy. So, which this is the difference between boxing in the UFC. The UFC is like, when you're ready, come to us. Mm. And you're gonna fight the best. Wow. Boxing is like, we're gonna build you, we're gonna take you and you're gonna fight a few guys that are like real slick, but they don't have power. And then you're gonna fight a big guy with a lot of power. Okay. But he doesn't have any endurance. Just orchestrated. Yeah. And they'll like, they, they're like, he's ready for this now. You know, if you have a really good trainer like Tyson Fury's trainer, sugar Hill, he's gonna like, he's analyzing your movements.


He's breaking down things. He's figuring out what to change, what not to change. When to back you off a training. Like you're, you're a little too hot right now. Let's like Oh, interesting. Let's, let's not peak too soon. Yeah. Because we got two weeks before the fight. Sure. I want you to take a day off. Like take a day off. I'm ready to fucking eat nails. No, no, no, no, no. We gotta, we gotta, they they know exactly. Yeah. And then they're like, he's ready for this level of competition. So they'll give you a guy that'll offer you some struggles, some tests, maybe he's got a big, big punch and You know, you might lose the fight, but you're most likely gonna win. And this is how you find out if a guy's gonna make it right, you slowly move them. So there's a lot of boxers, You know, by the time they're fighting for the title, they're 14 and oh 16 and oh 18 and Oh right.


Charles Olivea. I mean, what is Charles Oliveira's record? Let's, let's see. Charles Oliveira's record. So Charles ARMRA, when he became the lightweight champion, he had a ton of losses in the UFC. Really? He got stopped by Paul Felder. He got stopped by Cub Swanson k Odom. He got, I think I'm pretty sure Jim Miller Knee Bardo. So what is his record? Well, Jim's a free Cop. Look at that. 35 and 10 goy. Okay. And so out of those 10, a few of them have been recently, scroll back up to the top please. So the Islam Effe loses the title and then Armand Sian, he lose a split decision.


I thought he won that fight by the way. But it was close. So those are the two out of those 10. So that means as a champion, he had eight fucking losses. Eight losses. And some of them brutal knockouts Because you are in there with the lions, with all the lions. And so the UFC is like, who's the baddest lion? Let's figure it out. Right. Like you wanna be in the UFC, you win a few fights, we're gonna throw you in. Or if it's, You know, lash short notice. Yeah. Short notice Fight. Let's go. And the thing you find out too is that the level at the UFC as great as some of these guys look in these other organizations, the level at the UFC, that's the peak.


Those are the greatest fires on the planet. There's no arguing about it. And we found out about that this past weekend because Alessandra Pantoja, who might be the best pound for pound fighter alive, he's the flyaway champion. He fought this dude Kaikoura from Japan, who's a fucking assassin of Pantoja, just ate him alive, just ate him alive. And he got caught with a couple good shots too. A couple good knees to the body. And You know, Kasur is a really good fighter. But the level was just different. Like Pantoja just, he strangled him, but it was just the way he did it. I mean, he was fucking him up on the feet. He was fucking him up everywhere. He was just pushing him. And this like insane pace.


You watch those little guys fight like they can, they fight like pit bulls, man. Yeah. Like just like wild scrambles where they're moving so fast. You're trying to call the fight. And it's like me and Daniel were talking about during the commentary, like we have to recalibrate our brains. Yeah. Because you will go from a heavyweight fight to a flyaway fight. Right. Like, whoa. It's like listen to a podcast when you turn it to 1.5. Yeah. I actually had to start listening to your podcast at regular speed because I was, I thought you talked really fast. I was just like, oh Joe, no one talks that fast. 'cause I listened to it super fast. Somebody sent me a clip of someone, some political person talking about one of the guests on the show. And I was like, what is wrong with the clip?


And then I had to realize like, oh, they got an un speed it Up version. Yeah. Do you listen to stuff? Speed it up? Never, never. A buddy of mine taught me that he, he listens to books, he got up to four four x and so he just downloads. But are you absorbing it The same way? I Think if you're kinda like Rain Man, which I'm not, I'm not, but I go one five pretty easy and I could, I could just get through it faster. Yeah. I see how that could help. But for me, I'm, I mean I'm not doing reading the books on tape or listening to books on tape or anything other than my own enjoyment and education. So for me, I'm enjoying it. Yeah. So I like to think about the things and I'll have more time to think about what this person's saying. If they're not going at one and a half speed makes sense.


Because if they're going at one and a half speed and going one concept to the next, then I'm like, wait a minute, I don't understand what you Sure. Then I have to back up up. Yeah. Yeah. I like to think about stuff. Yeah. So it's like, especially if I'm listening to something esoteric or really weird. Yeah. You know? That makes sense. Which is a lot of the stuff that I, listen, if I'm not listening to fiction, I'm probably listening to a book on physics or something. Yeah. I listen to Jack Carr stuff at regular Speak. 'cause I really just enjoy the books. Oh, that guy, what is his name? Who's The guy who does his Yeah. By Guy's really good. Yeah. I can't remember. He has a lot of good dialects and everything. Yeah. Jack texted me this morning, he said hi. He's the man. He's awesome. I love that dude. See he, we are crossed to locks on the wall. Oh, For sure. I love it.


Yeah. He's like, Hey djo. I said hi. I love that Dude. Yeah. He's salt of the earth Yeah. Person. We just got, person got from Cmbs Ray. Ray Porter with the Ray Porter. That's Yeah. Ray Porter. I knew it Was a race on with the cross Tomahawks on there. He's the fucking man. And the thing about his books on tape though, is you're locked into Ray Porter forever. Some new person starts reading, oh, you're screwed. Like, who is this guy? But this is bullshit. Yeah. You can't, you can't have this guy doing it. The guy's amazing. I'm used to all the voices I like. Rafe is a good South. He got a South African Accent. Yeah, I know. It's, It's, You know who else is really good? Who's the guy who does the Gray Man series? There's a guy who does I've You ever listened to the Grand Masters?


I it. I'm so addicted. Really? Mark? Mark Grainy writes 'em. They're so ultravit. They're so fucking crazy. They're so crazy. It's about a CIA hit man. Oh wow. It was like a singleton guy. And they send all around, dude, it's so, like, they made a movie about it. Is That like one of the weird ones will give you, like, you'll think about it all night, kinda like, oh yeah. When I would start watching The Sopranos, like my view on the world would change Jay Snyder. That guy's really good. He does really good girl voices too. Which it's weird. But those fucking books, man, they are so ultra violent. They're so crazy. They're so crazy. Like you sometimes I listen to 'em and I have to shut 'em up before I go to bed. Yeah. Like if I listen to 'em, like, I like to take the sauna before I go to bed. And so if I'm listening to like, You know, a book on cosmology, that's great.


It's interesting. Well go to bed and think about space. That's cool. But if I'm listening to some gray man before I go to bed, I'm like, I gotta shut this off. Yeah. We don't need that. You know, we don't need that in the house. Yeah. People get in their fucking eyeballs, like a giant sword shoved through their eyeballs, getting blown up grenades in their mouth. Like, Hey, Hey. Yeah. Hey, what's, what's, Hey, Hey. Do you, do you like scroll around? I know you're not supposed to look at your phone before you go to bed. I, I always just, I, I like look up ballistics. My wife's like, what are you doing? And I was like, eh, she's, it's like, well, Well that's good. That's not social media. That's good. Well, I do it because I actually could think about stuff And it doesn't matter. I have to look at something that doesn't matter. Mm. Like if I look at like a good Right.


Don't check an email. Right. Like, you screwed. Right. Like, and I'll tell my wife, she's like, Hey, I got a question for her. It's like the lights are off. Don't ask questions right now. Like, I'll be all night. I'll be thinking of this problem I have to solve. Yeah. So like, I'll just sit there. I'm like, hey, I wonder what the ballistic coefficient of a three 50 Remington magnum is. By the way, anybody with a beard like yours, I would assume they know the ballistic coefficient of a three mag. It's like they see a dude in a beard like that and he's kind of jacked. I'm like, that guy knows how to shoot some things. 100%. They're just like, oh yeah. So you would be Probably loads his own bullets. Yeah, It'd be about a nine inch drop at 300. Interesting. Okay. I'll keep that in mind. Yeah, you probably load your own Rounds. Yeah. Well, You know. Yeah, I bet you do.


I get you get them presses Pops used to be really, really into that. Yeah. Thankfully I know the guy's at Nosler, so they just send me ammo, which is nice. I've made the mistake of looking at social media before I go to bed and I get mad or I get upset or I get sad or I find out some weird shit that's going on in the world. Yeah. And when I was younger, I would read things that people would say about me and I'd be like, oh my God. Like what is this an asshole? That's not true. And you get all upset. And then I realize like, wait, this is just some person, like, I, I wouldn't talk to them in real life. Like what do I, why is there opinion more valid? Because it's written down. So then I stop reading all comments about me and oh my God, it changed everything.


It changed everything. You do the post and ghost, right? Yes. It's the way to go. I, I have friends and they'll come to me like, they'll come to the comedy club or something and they'll be like genuinely emotionally distraught because people are attacking them online. I go, but they're not here. Like right here. Your friends are here and you are all freaked out. He goes, I know I gotta stop reading that stuff. I go, you gotta stop reading that stuff. First of all, it's not true. You're really funny. You're a great guy. Right. So it's all bullshit and they don't know you. Right. So they're just deciding to do this and they know that it fucks with you 'cause you talk openly about it. And so now they're gonna accentuate it. They're gonna, yeah. They're gonna keep jabbing at you. They gotta rock. There's a window. Yeah. They're the cheap, They're in the cheap seats. We're with them in there. You gotta stop doing that man.


And a few guys have listened to me and a few guys haven't. And the guys have listened to me. They all say the same thing. Like, oh my God, I feel so much better. I'm like, yeah, social media's not the problem. The problem is either engaging in the anger and the hate or having reading people's anger and hate towards you and having it fuck your head up. Like, Hey, Do you think it's something that's like systemic, that that is literally spreading and, and and growing. Like the people that put that type of trash out all the time and then they think there's some sort of value to that. And then other people See it. But there, But there is some value. Right. They do get engagement. Right. And if you're a person that has like a YouTube show where all you do is shit on people, you have bad karma For sure. You for sure you're suffering.


Yeah. But you Gotta deal with that the rest of your life. Like dealing that poison. Right. But you can make a living doing that. Like there are guys who make a living doing that. They're all fucked up. Yeah. I'm not saying there's value in it, but I do think you make something out, you can create a career doing that. That's part of the problem is that it's effective. Right. Like trolls. Yeah. Like It Trolls And it does get engagement. Sure. But then, You know, you're, what kind of engagement are you getting? Look, I have people that hate me online, but not the ones who know me. Right. That's what's kind of important. Yeah. It's like the people that know me, either in real life or through the podcast know I'm a nice person.


Right. I work really hard at it. Sure. Yeah. I'm actually, I try hard to be a nice person. Yes. It's not like it's a conscious effort. Yep. I'm good at it. I I like doing it. I like nice people. I like be a nice person. Makes feel good. Right. It makes me feel good. Yeah. So I don't engage, I don't fire back at people. Yeah. I don't, I don't, You know, when people get mad at me on, even celebrities have attacked me online. I'm like, eh. Yeah. How does that feel like probably being in that world a bit more and then now having people turn on you probably feels strange. Eh, perfect. They're just, they're just revealing who they are. They're just weak. They're just weak people. They're not the type of person that live. If you did that in front of me, when you are around me, we could have a conversation about why I feel like you're incorrect.


Yes. And this assumption that you have of me is totally wrong. And also, if you're not talking to someone in, in person and you're saying something about that person, like you don't, you could just kind of like form some bullshit narrative. Of course the person's right there, they'll go, that's not true. Yeah. That, that's so you're saying something and if it was true, then you'd be justified in your anger. But what you're saying is not true and you're taking things completely outta context. Right. And you don't know what you're talking about. And you're doing this because your life sucks. Right. And it's the only time you do it. That that's, I've always said, do you think Michael Jordan is posting on YouTube? Is he making comments? No. When he was in, if YouTube was around when Michael Jordan was the king, would he be doing that?


No, he doesn't have time Because he's being a winner. Because he's Actually winning and doing. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent guarantee you Michael Jordan reads the comments and if he did read the comments, he'd be up all night anger. You know, like you saw that, that Neil, Neil Brennan had a bit about Michael Jordan's documentary on his last Netflix specials. Pretty funny. It's like, unless you want to be the greatest basketball player of all time, he goes, you want, don't hold grudges unless you, You Wanna have $150 million worth of passive income every year because it's a fucking silhouette of you dunking. Unless, unless It's a good unless. But again, those are freaks, right?


Yep. These are the outliers. Yeah. These are the people. Like as a rule, as a human being, that's not the Way to go. Just insatiable desire to like just hammer that nail until it's just so barred down in the woods. You're just like, I dunno what you're doing anymore. But yeah, that's How you become the greatest of all time. You, you Leave. No question. It's just the difference between that in sport versus that in fighting though is in fighting. You could, I don't think you can maintain it. No. Like a guy like Jordan, how long was he in his prime? It was a decade, right? At least. Yeah. A dec For a decade he was dominating in basketball. Wild. You can't really do that in fighting. You, you think it just John Jones is the only one that's been able to do It. You think It just takes so much aggression, so much edge damage.


So much damage. Damage To your body. You know, the damage to your body's huge. 'cause there's so much damage that happens just in training. Sure. When John tore his pec off of his fucking shoulder in training. Just Yeah. And that wasn't getting hit it wasn wrestling. Yeah, it wasn. Yeah. And then there's the, the impacts that you get and then there's the, You know, the back stuff. You know, you get thrown weird. You land on your back. Weird. You, you, you're throwing someone Sure. A knee hits you weird. You know your ribs break all the time. Hands break all the time. Like common gym injuries, knee blows out noses. Everybody's got a broken nose. I don't know anybody who does any kind of combat sports that doesn't broken their nose.


So there's like you, after a while you can't breathe outta your nose. Yep. Your nose is destroyed. Your fucking hand hurts when you try to like open your car door. Yeah. And you have to punch people in the head with it. Your your knee hurts going downstairs. Kamar Usman. You wanna hear something crazy when he walks. He has to walk backwards downstairs 'cause his knees are so bad. Oh. 'cause he can't get the knee over the toe. His knee hurt so bad. And he's, he was a Walter Wade champion of the world with those knees. And he was talking about it openly. He was like, I don't, You know, you can know, you can know my knees are bad, I'm still gonna fuck you up. And he did. He fucked everybody up forever. It's coming until Leon Edwards. Dang. But his knees are so bad that he would have to walk on the grass where everybody was like walking on the sidewalk.


Oh wow. You'd have to go over to walk on the grass 'cause just take a little bit of Relief. Extra cushion. Just Something. Jeez. Yeah. Bone on bone man. Yeah. Bone on bone Champ. The world. It looks like the operators like, You know, guys are jumping out of Oh yeah. Like all of 'em are jacked up. All of 'em. I mean everyone in the strength world, everyone's low back. Everyone's shoulder, everyone's knee, Everyone in Juujitsu, everyone's got a back problem. Everyone's got a neck problem. It's just part of it. Everyone blows a knee out. Yeah. It's part of it. Yeah. And if, You know, Eddie always used to say, look, you're gonna have to get surgery eventually you're gonna have to get surgery. It's just get the surgery, heal up, come back. You're not gonna stop doing Are we? Yeah, we rebuilding this engine and keep erasing. Or is this like doing the least as you can to not get surgery Because it Doesn't work.


My second surgery, I went to this doctor and when I had a bucket handle meniscus tear So it would lock. You ever have one of those Yeah. Where it locks out. It was fucking brutal. And he was like, you've gotta stop doing martial arts. I go, shut the fuck up. I go, you don't know what you're talking about. You can fix this. I go fix this. I go, he is like, when you're older I'm like, yeah, when I'm older, well right now I'm 30 years old. Fix my fucking knee. I gotta go strangle people. What are you talking about? Yeah. Yeah. What the fuck are you talking about? Stop doing this. Yep. I'm not gonna stop doing this. Same thing. I was 22 when I had that and I had an Olympic trial in two years. I was like, it's too much fun. I was like, yeah, no, like no fix. And I, before I went under, I was like, I've squatted this much and I do this. When I come out of it, I expect to be back there.


So fix it like that. Don't fix it. Like I'm an old guy, taking her easy and like, I'm young. I I got, I got Shit to do. They fix it differently depending on like who you are. I don't know. I just felt better if I was saying I just, I tell you what they do get, they got a lot better. Would Assume they would actually fix you. Maybe they wouldn't fix normal people. Well, I tell everybody, if you have an opportunity to get A-A-A-C-L reconstruction, please at least try the cadaver graft. Mm. I know a lot of people wanna do that patella tendon graft Because you don't have the risk of rejection. I don't know anybody who's had a rejection from the cadaver. I do know people who have pushed it too hard too early and then re blown it.


Ah. Because You know how it works. Do You know what happens? I'm not, I'm not familiar. It's really kind of interesting. You get this. So my right knee when I blew my ACL out, they take a cadaver. Like I have a dead dude's achilles tendon, which is much thicker. I don't know his name. Hope was a guy like Francis Ido. You're like, hope is some stud, Just fucking animal. Just giant Viking dude. So it's it's thicker than the Yeah. It's 150% stronger than a real ACL. Ah. And so they screw that in place. And then it's not like you have this dead guy's thing in there forever. What happens is your body re proliferates that. Oh yeah. It acts as a scaffolding So it can feel like it's secure, but it's really vulnerable.


Ooh. So you have to be super careful up until like that six month mark. Okay. When it should be re proliferated. And so does the, does the foreign tissue eventually just kind of get reabsorbed? Which is Kind weird. Exactly. You you eat that dead guy's Achilles with your knee. My, my knee is just munching these dead dude. Achilles. But man, I've had no problems with this knee. That's awesome. This right knee's amazing. The left knee, I had a patella tendon graft and 'cause I, I had that one done in 93 or 94 and that one back then, that's the only way they did it, but it was really good. But it took a long time to heal. Like It was a long time before I could kneel down on the ground. Really.


Like if I had to kneel down and put my knees on the ground, just flex. Because they take a piece of bone outta your shin and they take a piece of bone outta your kneecap, and then they take a slice outta your patella tendon and they pull that off and they open you up like a fish, and they fucking drill it into your shin bone and drill it into your fibula. Love that your, your tibia and your femur rather. Yeah. And it's like wrap It over. They get it in there. Drill. It's like a year before it feels like you could do anything with it. It took a while before I felt like I really trusted it, but I do have to say I was not as diligent with my rehabilitation back then as I was when I got this one done with this one. I was, I rehabbed it all myself. Mm. I didn't, I went to like one or two of these things.


I'm like, they're just showing me things I already know how to do. Yeah. I'm like, I know what to do. I'm just gonna do this. I'm do it all day. So I was doing body weight squats, like all day long. Yeah. And I, I got it to six Blood, blood Blood. Six months later I was training again. Full blast. Nice. No Problems. Were you, were you doing any of like the BPCs or any of the peptides? There was nothing available back then. Oh, well, back then, so this was 2003. Okay. That I got this one done. Nice. And this was the patella attending. Oh, this was the cadaver rather. How do you think the recovery would've worked for us, like with all these dings and injuries? Because I've had a co I'm sure you probably have too, a couple friends that got surgery that actually the doctor hit him site injection and even IV with BPC 1 57 during the, the reattachment of a pack or a bicep or Something. Super legit.


It's super legit. Yeah. Along with TB 500. Yeah. Apparently that combination of those two together. Right. It's like the wolverine is the most effective. Yeah. Yeah. Super effective. Yeah. And You know, there's a lot of people that resist that for some strange reason why. I don't know. I think, I think there's a bit of ego involved in not knowing something when you're an expert. I find that with, there's a real problem with, unfortunately, some orthopedic surgeons. Aaron Rogers was explaining this to me, that his doctors were telling him not to do stem cells after he got his Achilles fixed. He's like, what are you talking about? Yeah. Like, shut the fuck up.


And so of course he did stem cells and of course he went to ways to Well, of course. And of course he was back three months earlier than they thought he could ever be. Yeah. And You know, there was like some real thought at the end of that season that he was probably gonna be able to play. Sure. Yeah. Where everybody's like, this is nuts. Like, nobody recovers from this stuff out. But he was very smart and he didn't push it too far. Yep. And he'd wait until Actually follow Brigham and all the stuff. But yes, stem cells work. Yeah. There's a reason why you have to go down to Tijuana to get the good ones. 'cause it's, they fucking work. And like anything that works, it's like you're not allowed to do it anymore. Biden. And it is fucking Really helped, really helped us. Steroid thing in 91 that cocksucker, he really did. I was talking to a, a strength conditioning professional the other day at the administrative level, and we were just talking about different things going on.


I said, yes, I, I, You know, I said, there's people, in my opinion in your world that, that don't know about BPC 1 57. He didn't know about bpc. And I'm just like, Crazy. And I'm like, okay, I was taking it eight years ago. Well, You know what it is though. It's like they don't continue to learn it wasn degree and then they're in practice all day. Yeah. They're constantly working on people. Yep. People are coming in the door. Oh, this guy blew his ankle out. This guy's got a fucking blown shoulder. Yeah. Yeah. But then, and I said the weird part is, is, is you have a strength conditioning professional. And, and in some ways there's more information cutting edge on a podcast from guys that are interested in training. Right, right. Than there are from like the, the, the, You know, and I'm just like, Hey guys, just open the, the scope a little bit.


Like It Well, there's enough of these Be okay to listen, guys That are super smart and also jacked like these Andrew Huberman guys. Yeah. And, and then and super smart guys Yes. That are in the bodybuilding world. Sure. Super smart guys. Like, like Derek from more plates, more dates. Yeah. He's the best example because he's just a fucking encyclopedia of data and studies and efficacy and what you're, how you combine things together. And he actually runs a clinic, so he, he really knows what he's doing. Right. So you get the boots on the ground, you see it in real time. Yeah. Just my doc is Eric Serrano. I don't know if You know Doc Serrano, he's up in, in, in Columbus. But You know, everyone has gone to him over the last 30 years. But he's one of those dudes that has like a basic Columbus, Ohio.


Columbus, Ohio. Yes. Oh, that's where Louis Was. Exactly. He was Louis's doctor. Ah. So yeah, he was, he was Louis's. He was, You know, you, you go through all professional baseball. It's like okay. Got it. Tracking. He's one of the rare guys that we went to him to do a podcast. How was that? Oh, it was awesome. Did You go to Bob Evans with him? No, we just, we we hung out at his gym. Yeah. You know, and he, he just was, introduced me to a bunch of freaks and showed me all the stuff that he invented and why he invented it. So cool. Louis Simmons. He was the fucking man. He was so funny. Lou was awesome. He was so funny. He was such a character. He was telling me about how he got his shoulder blown, got his shoulder replaced, and then immediately when he got back to the gym, they made a max out bench.


And I was like, what are you talking about? You need to recover. It's like, don't they were like, don't be a pussy. Yeah. You have to max out. Yeah. I was there in 2002. And so Louie and his wife Doris, and they would always, you always meet the Bob Evans in the morning and he would eat and like do the whole deal. And he was telling me a story about how he had a, he got, he got pissed off and he something to his cell phone and he threw it out the window while he was driving. And then, so he didn't have a cell phone for a couple weeks. And then he got to the gym and he missed a lift and he punched his own tooth out, punched himself so hard, he knocked his own tooth out and then took a wire brush that you like, clean the chalk out of a barbell and smashed himself on the head. And he was just pouring, his wife was like, yeah, Lou was pouring blood and he knocked a tooth out.


And I'm just thinking West side was awesome. Like, holy crap. So I got talking to him and he was like, he had No biceps. Yeah, Right. 'cause he blew 'em out. I just Never got it fixed. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of those guys Same. Yeah, it's wild. But he was like, yeah, those cats would, they'd fight. And he goes, we would literally, like, there's some, some, some tuned up dudes in there. And he said that we would just literally kick 'em out the door. If they were fighting on the floor, we would kick 'em out of the way. So they were out of the way of the monolith. So we could keep squatting like, every 30 seconds you're up, or 90 seconds, whatever. It's like, I don't care if you're fighting, literally hitting each other with stuff. Move the next guy up. And I'm like, this place is wild.


They created some fucking animals. Here's a wild story. So we were there, and this, this drunk chick came in. She was like, 'cause this was the old west side. It wasn like in this little shopping center where all the windows were all blacked out and everything. It was pretty dope. And this drunk chick walked, and she's like, hi, y'all working out in here? And she was tuned, man. She was, she was like all sloppy, like legit street person. Right. And I'm like, oh, this is gonna go bad. Like, I'm just, I'm just reading the room. Right. Like there's, it was not a lot of estrogen in that room. Right. So I amm like, oh man, this is gonna be bad. Lou's like, Hey, hey, come here, come here, come here. So he puts a a, a weight vest on her and then puts a second weight vest.


So 25, 20 horse, 50 pound weight vest and takes her outside, wraps a a belt around her waist with a sled and had her walking, doing sled poles back and forth with a weight, 50 pounds of weight vest on her shoulders. Drunk, Drunk as shit. And I'm just like, I'm just like watching like what she comes back in, he is like, all right, come over here. He puts her on the monolith, two red bands. Like It was maybe just the bar wasn't a lot of weight on that. Right. And had her doing speed box squats, eight sets of two for speed, and was teaching her how to box squat. She finally stumbles out and just leaves. And like, later on I'm like, Lou, did You know that girl?


He goes, no. I'm like, she was just some random street person and you had her squatting. He goes, shit, half the people in this room or that person a year ago. I'm like, oh. He goes, he goes, she could be world champion. You never know. Wow. And I was just like, it wasn that, that's What a crazy mentality that Stuck with me for so long. He's like, most of these people are broken and they have some addictive thing and something. And he goes, if they could channel it into something that might be the next world champion. Wow. And, and I don't know if you ever saw her again or if I, if I was just there that one day And it stuck with me for shoot, 22 years. And I just thought about that. I'm like, he put his money where his mouth was.


He was a coach and he wanted to see what could, what could someone do, You know? That's, So it interesting because one of the guys who trained with Louie was Matt, the immortal brown. Matt, the Immortal Brown. I know he did some training with him. And I've always said that there's something about guys that used to be addicts that have like died and Matt died. And it's been a few di guys that I know like that, that came back from that They were the scariest fucking people because they had crossed over and then they realized what, there's a good addiction, the good addiction is to training. Yep. Just be completely addicted to training. Yep. Yeah. And so those are some of the fucking scariest It Was dudes, it was wild. I mean, I knew, I knew a lot of those guys from that world, and a lot of 'em were addicted to different stuff.


And unfortunately they get into training and then if they get out of it, it kind of, that addiction might pattern or might come back. Yeah. That happens with fighters when they Yeah. When they retire. And then also they're generally dealing with some issues mentally Yeah. From impacts, You know. And so a lot of those guys start drinking, they start doing coke. I always Loved how, how Louie just saw it differently. And my, my dad was the same way. Like, he used to always say, look for something, not of what it is, but what it can be. Yeah. And, and that, that meant human potential. That meant designs, that meant like application of stuff. And it's just like, yeah, that person's whatever. But if you push and you, you tweak and you push and you tweak, there might be something in there that's like super beautiful and awesome, but you never know if you just said that's a drunk chick that walked in the gym.


Well, it's crazy with him because he's actually done it a bunch of times And it worked. Right. Weird. So this attitude is developed over time to just accept the fact that this person might come in 16 Coors Lights deep Dude. Just, just tuned, just tuned. You know? But you never know. Buddy of mine, he, he trained at West Side and he said, I mean, half the time he said there's, he's like, I've seen guys bench 700 pounds, like on acid. Like just freaked outta their mind. It's just like wild Stuff. And I'm like, holy cow. Oh my God. Like, that world is wild. Yeah. Like you had an old, oh, I mean, it's that whole world. Like It is so extreme. Right. The fighting world, the, the lifting, the throwing like dudes would do some pretty wild stuff.


Yeah. Well, and whenever you get like these male oriented alpha characters that all get together and they're all butting heads and trying to figure out who's the baddest motherfucker around them. They, they also develop like a culture of like acceptance of certain aspects of life that come, like the injuries and pain and suffering. And You know, like wrestlers, they're, they like brag on suffering the most. They wanna suffer more than anybody. They're like, that's the badge of honor is a Yep. What time did you get up? Four 30? I was on my 14th mile at four 30. You Know, like Yeah. Just drag you into deep water. Yeah. Let's just make it worse. That's the part of the culture of wrestling is embracing the grind.


That's the whole thing. It's like being the guy who can push being that cam Haines motherfucker that does those 340 mile runs Is because I think I've read before, is this accurate that the highest winning percentage in the UFC were all from the wrestling background? Is that accurate? I'd probably say that's probably accurate. Yeah. I, I think if you had a c if you had to say like, what's the back? I've always said that's the foundation of martial arts because the wrestler can decide where the fight takes place. Ah. A wrestler generally, mentally, they're gonna be tougher because they went through the hardest thing when they were a child. The hardest thing as a child is wrestling. Yeah. You're starving yourself when you're growing, You know, you're dehydrating yourself before matches.


You're training and competing, dehydrated. You're in a fucking hot room, You know, clashing with other alpha males and you're throwing each other around. The hardest thing Can staff infections every once in a while, But that skill is so important. Yeah. The skill to be able to manipulate bodies and take them down. And if you could teach a wrestler jujitsu, oh my God, they're so much better at it because they're just so accustomed. It's just, they just have to learn a new series of movements to go with this skillset. Right. That they already, they, they're great at controlling bodies. Yeah. And just the proximity. Yeah. Like, people aren't good with being all up in people and they're like, yeah, I live here. They live there. And then the other thing is, if you could teach a wrestler how to strike, they have such an advantage Because you can't take them down and you're worried about them taking you down.


So that opens you up to certain shots. Ah, it happens all the time where guys are worried about a take down and they get blasted. Yeah. Because they're, they're thinking, this guy could take me down at any moment. Yep. And then you get hit. It happens all, it's like another element that they put in that you have to, you have to deal with that they don't have to deal with. They're not worried about you taking them down. You're not even gonna try. So they don't, they can be completely relaxed with their take down defense. So terrified. They Yes. It's horrible being there with an elite wrestler's. Fucking horrible. I've even seen like elite wrestlers, even in business and stuff like that, you could always, it always feels like they're trying to shoot in on you. Right. Right. They're looking for the weakness, trying to shoot in. You're like, ah, this is just kind of in you, huh. Well, they also know that they can, You know, you're walking around knowing that you could pick up any guy you want and dump 'em on his head.


Yeah. And most likely they no say in it. Like, there's nothing they can do. You don't get a vote. Yeah. Man. If you're, like, if, if you're around a judo black belt and you're wearing a winter coat, you might as well have a hammer like right above your head. 'cause that guy's just gonna use that coat and slam you into the concrete. You're basically helpless. Yeah. If you don't know judo and you tangle up with like a real judo black belt, you're gonna fly through the air and you're gonna land on the ground with all of his weight and your weight on top of you. And even if you don't bang your head, your, your whole body's gonna be out of air. You're not gonna, you don't know how to land. No. You are gonna land it. Especially when a guy's controlling the smash.


Oh, when he's gonna shoulder right into you as he lands. Boom. You're fucked. You're fucked. So that guy's gonna look at every person like meat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I never realized how effective a gee choke was until hoist. Gee choked me. It wasn my first ever. I was like, yeah, I'll try Juujitsu. And he did like a clinic. He's like, come on up for this thing. And my buddy is on me trying to do the thing. And then I thought hoist put me in like the, remember the old thing with like the paper cutters? Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty sure it wasn what he has for a forearm m Like way different. Yeah. My big buddy that's my size hoist is way different than that. It's leverage and Technique. Holy cow. I was, It's tying that shoe.


So It was like, he choked people. So arm made so many scissors. Yeah. So it was just like, this is amazing. Like, it's so cool to see perfection. Right? Yeah. Well that's the other thing about coats and jackets or even a hoodie. You could choke someone so easy with a hoodie. Really skate your thumbs and teeth. S Yeah. You could choke the shit outta somebody if you grab somebody with a hoodie. Yeah. And just drew 'em in. Especially like, like a, I said a leather coat. Like A leather coat or a winter coat. Yeah. You get a good grip. So what do you gotta wear jacket? What do you gotta wear? Not Oh yeah. Fuck outta somebody with a Canadian jacket. Tuxedo. You got top and bottom denim. Ooh, Jay Leno, you're in trouble with that jean shirt. That thing's durable. You don durable.


Right. Your neck, you want some shit that tears easy. Like you want a shirt that already has cuts in it, You preloaded. He just like Preload the back of your shirt. Makes some cuts in it. Just In, in case someone grabs you. Yeah. Because someone can just grab your T-shirt. There's actually a Gracie self-defense thing. It wasn on that I was looking at the other day. It was a really smart move where this woman was showing that you can grab a hold of someone's t-shirt and if you're a woman and you're getting attacked by a man just grabbing a hold of their T-shirt and then getting your legs around their neck No way. And you're, you're jamming your carotid artery, their carotid arteries with your thumb while you're holding a T-shirt and squeeze with your legs. He could put a guy out, especially a guy that doesn't know what's happening.


Yeah. And doesn't know how to protect himself. I try. I don't know how To do that. That's, that's not it. But it was, she was on her back. It was on YouTube. I tried, It was one of those things. I was, one time I was goofing around with my buddy, we call him the Cyborg. He's an absolute just monster of a human. And he and I were goofing around and I was on my back and like, and So I kinda like got him the little like, like a, like a leg scissors on his head. And I grabbed his arm and I'm like, I'm gonna pull his arm off. Like I'm a big strong dead lifter. I'm like, I got him. I finally got him. He was 2 96 2, 2 90 all out. He looked like Gordon, but like bigger and stronger. And he literally just, I thought he was going out and he kind of went What?


And woke up and he picked me up while I was hanging and then just slammed me down on the ground. Like, man, screw This. Yeah. You can't do that. People Could do that to people. Like, no, no one could stand up with a person hanging off them and slammed them back on The row. You gotta hurt his leg. You gotta Underneath the leg. I didn't, I didn't know that. Yeah. That I just got clobbered. You wanna see the worst, worst version of that ever. Rampage Jackson versus Ricardo Orona. Did you ever see that Uhuh in pride? Whew. It's the worst case scenario of holding on like a triangle while a guy picks you up. Yep. And Rampage in his prime was a fucking machine. Yeah. He was so powerful. So he takes this dude who's 200 plus pounds, hoists him over his head and slams him down like a pillow.


So look at this. So he's caught in the triangle. Watch how Rampage does this. Ah, yeah bro, I Didn't, it wasn one of the worst kos in the history of the sport. I mean, that dude could've definitely could've died. He probably got the worst trauma. Yeah. The worst brain trauma. Did he knee Himself in the face too? He, I think Rampage collided heads with him as well. So it was probably a bunch of shit. Yeah. Like all kinds, I think. Right. There is no, looks like squat his guts And Yeah. Hit his shoulder. But Rampage's head went into his, this, this is a crazy slam man. Look at that ba Boom. Mine was not nearly as devastating, but it was enough to maybe not wanna do that again.


It wasn the worst. And this guy was never the same again. Ricardo Orona was never the same again. That is such a crazy at the forces that all could have been avoided. Like that's not what you do. When, when you have a triangle, if you see a guy posturing up, you immediately go under, Oh okay. Come locks him. Man, If he's got you in the air, you let go of the fucking triangle. The thing that's holding him in there was him. He's holding himself in there. Yeah. So He was the pivot Player. He wanted all, because sometimes you can keep it right. Sometimes you can keep a triangle and you get slammed And it just makes the triangle tighter. But you gotta know when you're way up in the air, you gotta let go. Yeah. You gotta fully let go and then try to sprawl.


Something has to happen. You have to disrupt this motion. Yeah. This thing that's happening. Yeah. Turning yourself into an Ax. And the best way is an underhook. Like as soon as you feel like he starts to stand up, you hook the leg. And worst case scenario, you transition to a leg bar, you let go of the triangle, you you get control of that leg. And you use that leg either to try to cement him or sweep him. But you can never hold onto a triangle if the guy's standing up. Yeah. It's just, if that fucking concrete, You're done. You're dead, you're done. Your head is pulverized. Yeah. It was bad enough on turf, but I won't do that again. And it wasn like, You know, there's a little bit of springiness in the ground because it's in a ring still and there's probably a, a certain amount of padding on the surface.


Yeah. How hard are those rings? And I've walked around in them if they, There's a little bit like the UFC has a small amount of foam. Yeah. Like a padding. And it, it's very important. Really. 'cause You know, guys' heads bounce off. Yeah. And they get head kicked. They fall down, their heads bounce off. They get hit with a big right hand or something. You, you bounce your head. So you can't have a real hard floor. Yeah. But it's not soft enough where you want, You know. Yeah. John Jones power slamming you. No, Not really. Any day. No days. Actually. That's crazy. Yeah. It's, I mean, to, to be one of those people that you make a living doing that, that is a wild way to go. Yeah. I What happened where that decided like that it wasn the direction they were gonna go.


You're like, You know what, I'm gonna get the crap beat outta me and, and dole out a lot of pain and see how this shakes out. Or do you just kinda like wake up one day and you're in that world, you're like, ah, I'm pretty good. Well You're probably a wild person to begin with and you're probably excited by dangerous, scary things and you're probably pretty good at it. Which is why you're fighting professionally. Yeah. You know, so you're probably trained in the gym. Yeah. And you realize you're better than most people. Yeah. Maybe you have a few amateur fights and fuck a few people up and go, You know, I think I'm the fucking man. Start believing it. Right. You Know? Yeah. And some of 'em are right. Yeah. Some of 'em are John Jones. That's, You figure that out Every now and then. Every now and then a guy is correct. Like that's the way he should have went. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely.


Dang fucking everybody up. Yeah, Everybody ballet. It's okay. You were talking about first So Tyson On your Yeah, that's, that's my heavyweight. That's my heavyweight. All time weight. All timer. John Jones For Ufc. He's the guy that's like, I feel like Tyson in his prime. You have to have him on the Mount Rushmore. You want to have Jack Dempsey, you want to have Joe Frazier. You want to, I mean, it's like a lot of guys who are really good. It's hard to say. Like Muhammad Ali, Joe Lewis, Rocky Marciano, there's a lot of, like for me, the one that you can't remove is Tyson. Right. So there's a bunch of other ones. Lennox Lewis in his prime was fucking amazing. Larry Holmes doesn't get the credit he deserves in his prime.


There's a lot of guys who are really good heavyweight champions. But you have to have Tyson, everything else is negotiable. Mm. Tyson has to be there in my interesting, in my mind. Yeah. You know, different people. Disagree. Do you watch other sports besides fighting sports or combat sports? I watch a little football. Yeah. Yeah. I've been watching football lately. I enjoy it. It's fun. Pro or college? I watch high school. Yeah. Right. I watch college and I watch pro. I went to an NFL game. Yeah. First time this year. Kind of cool. It was fun. Yeah. I saw the Jets play the, the Cowboys down at Dallas. It wasn wild. It's wild when you see the scale of it, You know the scale of it. The size of The arenas. You've been in college games before. A few. A few UT games. Oh, You were at ut right? Yeah. It wasn fun. I got to shoot the cannon at ut.


Oh, nice. It wasn fun. Isn't it crazy? Like, have you been keeping up with like the NIL and all the, the transfer portals? How that's changed the landscape? A I have not. What is that? What is whatcha Are saying? NIL is name, image, and likeness. Oh, that right. The money thing. Yeah. The money thing is crazy. Well, they should have been paying those fucking kids a long ass time ago. Well, they should retroactively pay all those kids. Oh, that'll be interesting. They should. Yeah. They should. They were making money off of 'em. It's crazy how much money they make. The the amount of money that that's happening now. It's interesting because Like, It, it actually from a couple of my friends that are in that world, it creates a different conversation with the new kids. 'cause let's say in high school they're, You know, they, they're bringing in these recruits and everything like that and everyone's kissing their butt.


Hey man, they're like, Hey, we really want you to be here. We want you to be a Whatever. Right. Pay me bitch. And now it's turning into pay me. Right. Yeah. And but then the other side of the I want a Corvette. Oh, that's dude, I have friends that tell me that there, they're athletes who, when they're coming for a recruiting trip, say if there's not a quarter million dollar signing bonus as just a part of the deal, I'm not getting on the plane for the recruiting trip. Wow. Like an 18 or 17-year-old kid saying that. That's, that's ball Blows my mind. But meanwhile they're right. You know, who else should be doing that? The fucking Olympics. Yeah. The fucking Olympics. They should all say, fuck you, pay me. They really should. That's the greatest scam in all of competitive Sports. Yeah. Keeping everyone.


Well now they, they can now, I mean the Olympic committee, but originally it was amateur, which was sucked. Well, They can meanwhile, like what you mean is like the NBA players can represent the United States and play in the Olympics. Yeah. That's, that's cute. But what about the swimmers? What about the people? What about the gymnasts? What about the boxers? Those fucking, all those people should get paid. Yeah. Every single one of 'em. And only, and no one really cares about Olympic athletes, but every four years, like Right. A buddy of mine won the shoot, the 2004 shot put Olympics. And he was like, I still have to ask my mom for money. Wow. He, he's like, because no one cares about the Olympics, but every four years. God damn. And you're like, you have a degree at Dartmouth, a business degree and you're the Olympic champion.


And and he was the first athlete to ever eBay himself. So he had a a a a shirt that says this space for rent. And so he would, he like, would put himself on the marks. Like, kinda like the first 10 l I was like, Hey man, I have to make money throwing this steel ball and I'm 30 something years old. I'm a world champion and I still have to ask for money every three, every four years. Or for three. They used To do that with the UFC used to be able to have sponsors. So you Oh yeah, yeah. Anything you want all like condom depot on your shorts. I mean, how about those old days of like Tank Abbott and all those guys. I used to love watching all that when I was in college. We would like get it pay-per-view and like check it out. Yeah. Man. That's the, the dark days, the early days, Those were it wasn.


So No one knew what was going on. No. No one really knew what was effective. You saw some people were effective one way and you thought that's the way to go. And like, yeah, It was kind of like when you're in high school, you, when you would go sneak out the house and go watch Faces of Death. Oh Yeah. And it was like, wow, this is like this cool thing. It's like the UFC, like, Kids will never understand how difficult it was to see fucked up things when we were young. It, it was hard. Why? Really hard. You had to try hard. You had to like know somebody. You had no older kids. Guy had to know somebody in the city. Someone, someone in some dark warehouse that had a copy of some darn yard Betty video. It's always weird. Yeah, no. It's just like, yeah, you rode your bike all around and you like find some weird wood pile. I remember when we were kids, someone had a video, I think it was like a barnyard Betty type video.


Like when, when them ladies have sex with a bunch of animals. Oh yeah. I haven't seen that. And one of us had to watch the door. So if we, if we had a video like that and we're playing the basement, one of us had to, had to go up to the top of the staircase and wait by the door so that no one could just open the door. And then everyone, so if they opened the door, you would pretend like, oh, I was just coming through the door. You know? So like you hold it outta the door so they can't get in. Like, oh sorry. Oh, sorry. And then the kids downstairs would hear that And it would pop the tape out and pretend they were, You know, playing Atari or some shit. What? Atari. But you had to pop that fucking tape out quick. 'cause if mom caught you down there watching a chick blow a German shepherd.


Yeah. That didn't have pan out there. And they were Like real grainy like copies of copies. You know, like two guys get together with two VCRs and they record tapes. Oh yeah. With all the weird, you have to get the Yeah. You had the cables in the back. So Is it wasn that you, you live in the city growing up or? I lived in the suburbs. I lived in Newton. Newton. It is a suburb of Massachusetts. Okay. Of Boston. Yeah. Yeah. Did you live in New Jersey at one point? Yeah, that's where I was born. Oh yeah? Yeah. So is my Dad. What part? Hillside. Have You seen all these UFOs in New Jersey lately? No. Yeah. Like over the last few days there's been this steady stream. They're not UFOs, they're drones. Oh, I did see something. I think you posted something about the drones or something, right?


I don't think I did. Somebody did. But a lot of people have been, but they're not moving in any extraordinary way. They look like drones. They they do. It just looks like a bunch of assholes thinks it's fun. Right. To Put drones up everywhere. But now there's all this like weird mythology attached to it where like the governor was saying, sometimes as soon as we put eyes on them, they take off. And, but if I was a UFO though, like if I was an alien and I knew that a bunch of people are trying to be smart asses. Yeah. And they're putting these drones in the sky. I'd be Like, It be fun. Perfect time to visit. Oh yeah. These dip shits won't know the difference. Yeah. He's, I don't have to use my cloaking technology. I could just fly over their head and they're gonna assume this is more nonsense.


Dude, my, one of my buddies, he probably weird to even say like, he had a friend that sent him a video of some weird stuff going on in the desert, whatever. And it went through and then he showed it to me and then it just disappeared. And he was like, the, the dude he was talking to said it disappeared. But then like, can you have a file that kind of self destructs, Because it disappeared on his phone too. He's like, how do they take this off? They take this off of my phone. Hmm. I, I don't know. I mean, I've never heard of a file. Jamie, have you ever heard of a video file that self-destructs Or that someone Could, that's like some, someone could mission impossible Shit.


Yeah. So could chirp into it and Like, It was wild. Like he, I was like, Remember that like this, this recording destroyed itself. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. In 30 seconds. Yeah. It wasn. Wow. I mean, I mean I wondered though, like, could they somehow backtrack it where it had been shared? Well that would be problematic. 'cause then they would've access to things on your phone. I think, I doubt that's Ever a case. More Likely would be they put like a time that someone could watch the video into the video where it's val, it's probably still fixable if someone still has it. Well This dude took the video And then And did it on his phone. And Did on his phone and shared it. And then he said one day he just looked into it, looked in his phone And it was gone.


He might be retarded. Well that could be the case, but my buddy's like, you off my phone too. So I Dunno, man. Might be retarded too. It's hard to say. It might be real though. I've never heard of that happening though. Which I, I would assume that I would've heard of something like that. Yeah. Especially the amount of people that I talked to that are in the UFO world. That's why I figured I've seen a, Excuse me, a threat on Reddit about an A glitch in iOS 17 that might have made some people's videos randomly disappear. Mm. Important ones that they wanted. Right. Right. And then they think it's the UFOs That makes sense. This Oh yeah. This doesn't say anything about that. This is just like, why is this happening? This happening to anybody else kind Of. Okay, Google this. Is it possible to make a self-destructing video that only has a certain amount of plays in it?


Well, that'd be cool. Right? Like if maybe you could code it into the video that Yeah. Once this video plays for, You know, whatever. 14 minutes. Yeah. 14 minutes of play it automatically, Or 17 times Decodes Itself. Yeah. You know where it randomizes it's, it's pa 'cause it's basically just information. Right, right. Information viewed through a codec. Does that like a site a like a cyclical rate like this many times that like, Because I know there's certain things, like someone will send you something on Instagram and you can watch the video, but then you can't go back and watch it again. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Or they send you a voice message and then it just, And it goes away. Yeah. Yeah. That's how Alex Jones likes to roll. He sends me voice messages and they, they go away.


That's Probably a really good idea. Yeah. For him. Yeah. Smart move. Best not to have a paper trail. I don't even know like how much of that encrypted messaging stuff works. You know? I know when Tucker was saying that he was organizing that meeting with Putin in Russia. Mm. And that the government called him up because they knew that he was meeting Putin. Right. 'cause they had access to his signal and he was like, what you have access to? I didn't know even know someone could get into my signal. I thought it wasn encrypted. Yeah. Nope. Nope. They can get in there. So it's like, how much of this stuff is really, how much of it is really encrypted and protected? And how much would they even let You know if they can break it, why would they even tell you?


Well, that's the whole point. It's like, it's exactly what you would say that you couldn't do it. You know? Exactly. Yeah. That's, But it wasn they, they fucking spilled the beans. Right. So once they spilled the beans, like I know a lot of people, including Elon Musk started questioning signal. Sure. So I talked to someone in the government and I said, what can you handle signal? Like how, how does someone, he said, as long as the state actor knows the phone number, what's the answer? So all they have to do is know your phone number. So if they know your phone number and you have signal Game over boys, If you are, You know, I mean I'm sure it's probably, they probably need to ask somebody if they can do it. It's probably not something they could just do. Well. But if, if an agent is like, Bert Soren's acting a little fucking fishy.


Let's see what he's signaling to his friends. Yeah. Yeah. And, and the op opportunity to just decide subjectively if that's a thing right. Is right. And then whatever you carry in your notes and whatever is in your folders or your photos, they're Gonna all kinds of ballistics For sure. They've got all these, It's got weird crap. They're all my deer stands are and Everything. You got dick pics, they got dick pics, all of it. They have your dick pics. It's like there's no way around that anymore. I think that's, that's a myth. The idea that somehow or another you could have some sort of a protection from that happening today. Yeah. Are you making phone calls? You are. Okay. Are you on a network?


Are you on wifi? Are you like I think you're fucked. Yeah. You would have to think so. Yeah. I mean, think You fucked. I mean, have to think there's enough back doors and Yeah. Alleged probable causes or however someone wants to spin it that Well, that's also how they got Huawei banned from the United States. Because you, I remember, You know, I'm a bit of a phone nerd and back in the day, Huawei had the best phones. Their phones were like way more advanced than some of the American Android phones that were coming out. Yeah. Man. They had incredible cameras and like big battery life and like crazy zoom possibilities. And I was looking to get this new Huawei phone.


Sure. And then Huawei got banned from the United States. And I was like, what? It goes back to anything that's banned, man, it makes you really start questioning. It does. But when they kind of all agree, there was very little push pushback that there was real security problems with these phones. And not just phones but network devices, routers, d different, different components that had third party entrance. Mm. So it was, they had the capability of accessing information that's being transferred back and forth on a network through these routers. Wow. And then I think people are like, Hey, why is that in there?


Yeah. And then they realize, oh, the Chinese government is in complete cahoots with Huawei. Yeah. Like if you own a company like Huawei, you're down with the government. You have to be, that's how you stay in business. Right. You, you can't be some rebel out there operating on your own. Yeah. Making billions of dollars creating, You know. Yeah. Well you had Mike Ben, was it Ben's on? Yes. It wasn a wonderful podcast. Crazy. Holy crap. Yeah. It's eyeopening. Yeah. I spun that past a couple of my, my buddies actually it was the same buddy that gave me the Yuri Beov video that I gave you. Oh. Four Years ago. Oh. That fucking video has changed my mind. Right. Yeah. When you first sent me that, you were the first guy, by the way, ladies and Gentlemen. 'cause we played that on this podcast like the 30 times All the time.


Yeah. We were at your house, at Your gym when you played me that I was like, holy shit, this is exactly what happened. Yep. Yep. I gave it to Jack Carr and Evan Hoefer too. There's no way it wasn a cool, like he just guessed it, Right. Yeah. Right. You're like, I'm gonna put this next baseball into the, You know, the third aisle up the thing and crack. Wow. It wasn cool. Four seat from the left. Yeah. You're like, go back and look. So buddy of mine that's in that world, he gave that to me four or five years ago. He told me, he's like, this keeps getting deleted. And he kind of gives me the whole briefing on a lot of stuff. He kept getting Deleted from Where Yeah. Off YouTube. He is like, they keep taking it down. No, I think honestly prior to you and Evan and Jack and guys like that, it was not easy to find.


I think you guys just changed the algorithm on it enough. Wow. Which is pretty neat. But that doesn't make any sense. 'cause I'm pretty sure we just found it online. He, He, We just found It on YouTube. He told me a multiple, multiple times. He's like, they've taken this down often, Why would someone take it down? I'm not sure. But I know some of my buddies that were in the teams and stuff like that, they were like, oh, I remember seeing this back in 95 when I went through Buds. Oh. Or when I got out, maybe it was green team, but they were in that early, early days like, oh, I hadn't seen this video in forever. And then they kinda watched it. They were like, oh my gosh. Like, you're kind of getting all the background of that. But he's, he was giving me, I can't remember where I was going with this, but he was giving me some insight Oh. About the Ben. And it was interesting.


And that I said, I was like, Hey, did you check this out? And he's like, yeah. He's Like, It sounds like he's read a couple of my briefings. I was like, interesting. Like Mike Bens is some weird stuff going on. Got Crazy recall too. Oh My gosh. Yeah. He just, no notes, just spitting out all that information right off the top of his head. That's, You've had some amazingly impactful guests on here. Like I, and I am not trying to blow you up, but like, I'm sure You know the impact that you've had on the world, which is probably really wild. It's Pretty weird. Pretty Weird. Right? Pretty weird That I didn't even try. That's the weird Part. That's the best part about it. Right. That's the weirdest part. It was all an accident. It's like a hundred percent. Like I just felt like this is what I should do.


I should start a podcast and then I should keep doing it. Even when it was totally non-profitable for like five years. I was like, I like doing it. Let's just keep doing it. That's how all the good stuff works. Yeah. It's like you're passionate about it. I want to go do this thing. You know, Evan and I've talked, he's like, Hey, I make brown, I make brown water. And I'm like, I make steel rectangles. It's weird. Like, I don't know why we decided to Do it, but once you figure out a thing that you're really passionate about Yeah. Then you'll become successful if you just keep following it. Yeah. But the thing about the podcast thing was I managed to keep the same spirit of just doing what I enjoy doing. Yes. Like if I could just have conversations with people Sure. With no phones and sit and especially if I could get a scientist to sit near Oh.


And explain things to me for three hours, I would've always been interested in doing that. But I just, it's, you can't do that. They won't do it. Right. Right. You have to, you have to become friends with them. And you can only be friends with so many of 'em, You know, and then you have to fly to them. Sit down With them. Yeah. You spend all this time and then you're like, you created a honey, a honey trap here. Then you're like, Hey, I'll bring everyone here and talk to 'em. Well, as long as you can guarantee other people are gonna listen. People wanna talk about anything, which is really weird. Sure. It's wild. Like that's the way you can guarantee that you can get them to come as long as they're gonna, other people are gonna hear it. Right. So then they get sell books and Yeah. The whole deal. Yeah. And it's great, But it's, it, it's just genius that I just appreciate the illumination on varied ideas.


Like, I love that there's people on the right, the people from left, people this like this hate this. Like that is so refreshing. It's Good for all of us too. It is. It's good to hear people even that you don't agree with. Of course. As long as they're nice. Long as they're, that's my course. I don't want to argue with anybody and get in fucking screaming matches. There's some people that are, they're like we were talking about earlier, that they, that's how they get engagement by constantly getting in these stu that's why they have those shows. Like Pierce Morgan likes to do that. Whereas like four people on the show, they all yell over each other and they're all remote, so no one's there. It's like, Ugh, that sounds horrible. It's horrible. I don't, you don't find out nothing. If you could sit down with someone, even if you disagree with them and just let them talk, you could have a conversation.


You know, find out why they think the way they do. You don't have to fight 'em on it. Just like, ask 'em what is it about this thing? Yeah. Candid and curious. Right. Yeah. Candid as in I'll actually tell you what I think and curious. I'll actually care what you think. Yeah. And I always try to think the way they think. If someone's talking to me about a certain thing, like I will, You know, and people are Oh, you'll agree with anybody. I'm like, I kind of will if I can try to see things through your head and I'll try to steal man it for you. Hmm. Like if someone is saying something and I go, okay, so you are saying that the, but if it's preposterous, I'll stop it. I'll stop it and go, that doesn't make any sense because of this. Like, I can see that you haven't thought this through because Right.


Or you didn't know about that. Or, You know. Right. How could you say this when this is possible? Sure. Like how do you, how do you manage those two things? And so a few people will push back with kind of love. Right, right. Because di disagreement doesn't have to mean dismissal. No. And, and when it does, that's the opposite of love and respect. It's like, no, no, I don't like you. Well that's canceling. Well, especially if people get shouty and argue, You know, it's like there's a way to do it where you can just talk about stuff and not be dismissive of someone. I mean, I see so many people do it where they, they have their opinion, like Bill Marlis do that. Like dismiss something, someone saying like instantaneously as they're in the middle of explaining it, it's like, it's kind of a sparring thing.


You know, you're, you're trying to win rather than trying to just have a conversation. Try To see if the other guy flinches. Yeah. You're shutting him down. Yeah. You're shutting down things that you think are, you're calling bullshit. It's also a lack of patience. Right. Right. 'cause sometimes you have, you have to have patience to let someone express themselves fully before you disagree. Which is really important because sometimes someone will begin to express themselves and I disagree, but then they'll take it around and give me some nuance and some understanding of how they came to their, their opinion. Then I'll go, okay. Okay. So I see, I see how you, At least I see the track that Yeah. And So it's more important for you for this than it is to acknowledge that. And they're like, yes.


I'm like, okay, I understand. So when did you decide that it wasn? And then, and then I, I I want to go like, I wanna know, are you a real thinker or are you a person who has adopted a conglomeration of ideas that comes along with an ideology? Right. So there's, there's really smart people that have done that. And they might not even know they've done that until you corner 'em and then you find like, Where did it come? Where's the origin Trans kids? There's like occasionally, You know, there's a subject like, make sense of this, you make sense of this, right? Yeah. Follow it upstream to the source. And they go Make sense of this and let's acknowledge what a kid is you, I want, I want to know how vulnerable you think children are. First of all, I wanna know, do you have any, second of all, I wanna know how malleable and suggestible, like how open to suggestion are children in your eyes.


I wanna know, how do you think kids should be able to get tattoos? Do you think kids should be able to get married at five? Do you think kids should, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Do you think they should be, what do you think that they can control and not control? Right? Do you even understand children or are you sacrificing them and their future, these kids that you don't even know for your ideology, for your ideological position. That's like cult-like. Yes. And then you'll, you find that out about people that think they're intelligent until they're confronted with these like insurmountable ethical dilemmas. Right. Right. A similar one to let's say someone who eats meat but hates hunting. Yes. You're like, you could hate you, you could not want to do it.


Yes. But there's still a killing in a murder at some point. And you could either be a part of that or just outsource it. Yeah. And be okay with it. Well it's also that's a cultural thing too, right? Yeah. Like there's a lot of people in the UK that don't like hunting. Yeah. And they eat meat and You know, they'll tell you like, my wife was having a conversation, she was at a dinner with a bunch of people weird. And I was out hunting and this guy was eating a steak. He's like, that's deplorable. She's like, what do you, where do you think that came from? Yeah. This is so stupid. Like, you're literally carving a steak while you're saying it's deplorable that someone's out hunting. Like we eat those animals And what is generally, and I've had this conversation a number of times as well, and, and generally if folks are candid, curious, and respectful, you could kind of, kind of bring 'em around, right?


Yes. Have you had someone that really just dug their heels in? Or like No, No, no. Never really in person. Right. Online though. Dug their heels into the cows come home. But I feel like most people, this is why talking online sucks. Yep. Most people are good people. I really believe that. Even if they're like trapped in their bullshit and wrapped up in their own head. And most people want to be, If given the chance to be good people. Yeah. Yeah. And you can kind of help 'em along be a good person. We kind of help 'em along. We help each other along, You know? Yeah. Like part of an argument is you, You know, sure. Like, it, it's, I know that there's arguments that I've been in in my life that I could have avoided. Yes. If I was more skillful with conversation.


And I know that I have avoided a lot of arguments, especially now as a smarter person than I was when I was younger. I'm better at it. I'm better at just like not biting on some bullshit, passive aggressive, stupid thing that some guy says when I was young, if someone got passive aggressive with me, I'm like, Hey, fuck you. Yeah. Like, like let's just go to 10 10 And where's that going? Let's just go to 10. Yeah. I don't like how you're talking. Yeah. Like I'm not gonna sit here at this stupid party and pretend you're not a cunt. And You know, there's been many times where, You know, I got dragged out of a situation before Things accelerates Things. Yeah. Because I'm like, let's just go to 10. You're a piece of shit. Like I know what you are. Yeah.


You're just a shitty person. Likes to throw jabs at people when I'm just trying to be nice. Yeah. And you also know in your pocket, You know, a lot of physical things that could be, that helps advantageous. That definitely helps. But it also, it helps that I know that I'm being nice. So if I'm nice to you and you're being a cunt to me, and I'm trying to be nice to you again, you're just thinking that you can just get away with this. Yeah. And that's when I like to go, Hey, fuck you. Yeah. I ain't that guy. And you see that look in their face, like, oh no. Yeah. Oh no. Yeah. You've gone into fuck you land. Yeah. Now we're here. Yeah, we're here. And by the way, emotional pain is something that people think they can get a free slap. They think they can just get off on you and hit you with emotional pain. Like, if we're playing this, let's hurt each other game.


How about I just fuck you up? Yeah. Let's like, how about that? Let's, how about how I just decide, well, I'll spend the night in jail. Yeah. How about that? How about, fuck you, You know? Because like, that's what you're doing emotionally. Yes. Yes. You're trying to create be abusive pain. You're, you're absolutely being abusive. Yes. And some people ha make a habit out of like demeaning people to their face and they think they can get away with it. And it's a really shitty practice. I, I do appreciate the people who physically put an end to that. Like, I've never, I've never really been like, yeah, You know, I'll, I'll do what I need to do. Right. But I'm never been like, ah, I'm gonna go like, like Pat a couple days. I'm not proud of. 'cause I, I kind of went ahead and hit that throttle.


Yeah. Most of It's avoidable. Yeah. But in some days, unfortunately, you're not in the emotional state. And sometimes it is avoidable and you don't avoid Yeah. That's the thing. Yeah. Like sometimes it is avoidable. I'm so much better at That now. Yeah. I've expressed My, when I was 25, I had no, I didn't understand that. You don't have to do this. Yeah. I've Ex I've expressed my emotional immaturity. Yeah. At times I'm like, yeah, I could really taken that one a different way. And you, you're thankful. You're like, man, I'm glad that one really didn't go sideways. 'cause that could have, It's also Like, It could go terrible and someone terrible get murdered. I mean, things happen And it a zero question. You can't believe what they did. And then all of a sudden someone's dead. That happens every day in America. Oh, I've, I've had a couple close ones that you just kind of, everyone walks away And it's like, who?


And Because you could like, it's like, what was that movie? Like Sherlock Holmes? Remember when you could see the situations and he like pauses it? Yeah. And you could see like, and when you like pauses and you're like, this what happen, this what happen, this what happen? Yeah. And then you're like, oh, there's a dead guy. Yeah. You back it up, you're like, glad that didn't happen. Okay. Bye. I'm gone. Yeah. Bye. Just walk away. It's like, you have to learn that. And the problem with young guys is first of all, their brain's not fully formed. They're impulsive. They do wild things. And then if they feel like they're being slighted, they feel like to be a man. 'cause they wanna be a man, you have to do something about it. Well, It's the number one question every man has. Every man has the same question. Yeah. Am I, am I good enough?


Right. That's the wounding. Right. Right. And every woman goes, her question is, do you I'm a Hot enough, do you See me? That's exactly it. Do you see me? And a man says, am I good enough? That's why there's sport, that's why there's fighting. That's why people try to make money. Yeah. That's why they try to flex on each other. It's the little boy inside all of us going, am I good enough? Yeah. And then there's the, the people that get past that. And then it becomes this ultimate challenge. Like the, the ultimate challenge of life is the most difficult puzzle to solve. Yes. And the, you can solve it above and beyond all these other psychopaths. So you're competing with all these other people that are very much like you, but what separates you from them is the work that you put in.


Yeah. Discipline, drive, mindset, whatever. Whatever it is that you can find that gives you that edge to pull ahead. Yeah. With all the, from all these other people that are very, very competitive as well. Doing the same thing. Right. And then with men, they feed off each other in those environments. They feed off like a west side barbell. Yeah. Like clunk gym. Yeah. And then when you're, you're wondering that. And then when someone questions it and publicly questions it Yeah. In front of your boys or front of whatever, it's like, no, I'll show you. I'm good enough. Yeah. I'll do something stupid right now. And end up in jail work. Especially someone who's just a walking dead man with a mouth. Right. You know, like someone who knows they can't defend themselves. And so they just feel comfortable doing that publicly. 'cause they think they're being protected by society. Like That's the worst. Yeah. When they think, yeah, this, this actual false state of security.


Like, man, if we're in the jungle right now, you wouldn't be doing that. Or when women think they could do it. When women get mouthy with men, like, don't do. Why, when I was, I think I was 16 or 17 years old. I was in high school and there was this kid that moved into the neighborhood. He came from Iran and his family had a lot of money. And so they had this big, I think it was in Beacon Hill. I forget where it was, but it was a really nice neighborhood. Yeah. And this kid had this giant fucking house on this huge lawn. So he decided to have a party. Of course. So he's, this is how he's gonna make friends. He just moved here from another country. Right, right. So he has a party. And kids from every fucking high school came to this party. And I was at the party with a bunch of my friends and I was walking up the staircase.


I'll never forget this. So I'm walking up the staircase and then, You know, so it's like right here in front of me while this is going down. I can't remember what the girl did. She either slapped this guy or she threw a drink in his face. I can't remember which one it was. Some offense. But I remember he uncorked a right hand. Like Roberto Duran. This dude threw a right hand. Like he knew how to punch 'cause I knew how to punch. So I watched. I'm like, oh, good mechanics. Yeah. Right, right. Really, really unloaded. Dude. Just Went like this. Just blop. Just hit her on the chin. Her head snaps back. A guy catches her, she goes out. And then it's bedlam.


Oh, it's bedlam. I mean, people are fighting left and right. There's people fighting in the stairwell. I had to run out. There's piles of guys out on the lawn. It spread like a disease. It was like within 30 seconds. How did you decide to hit this guy? Because of that? It was screaming and then screaming. Started people screaming at the people screaming, which people were fighting. The people that were screaming. It was the wildest thing. It was like a disease ran through the house like that. Like World War Z where everybody's like, ah. And I, I managed to not have any fights. A couple of my friends got in fights, like one Of the better fighters there, You know, managed Fight. But I was never interested in street fight. And I'm like, let get outta here. This, I know what this is. This is fucking, I understand danger.


Yeah. So I got out there and, but I'll never forget that that girl thought she could hit that guy or do whatever she did. I forget what she thought she did. Right. I wish I could remember. Yeah. Quality kind of. All I remember is boom. 'cause it's like 30. How many years ago was that? 40 years ago. That's a while ago. Oh my God. It's 40 years ago. Yeah. So it was like this blop, I mean, just fucking, I'll never forget that man. Horrible to laugh at it because she forgot a lot of things that night. She definitely forgot. She might Be listening to podcast now. Third Grade. Yeah. She was probably like, that's me, my heart. I still can't talk. Like she for sure got a broken face. I mean, he hit her so hard and her head snapped back. Just snapped. Like, she had no idea she was gonna get punched by a big guy who knew how to punch.


But he was like, Hey, fuck you. Like you just got the wrong guy with like three millers in him. Oh. And he just unplug. Probably the first time that guy. Probably not the first guy. He hit a chick. Yeah. Because the way he did it was like, he didn't slap her. You know? He didn't slap her. That's a scary one. He could have just slapped her or pushed her or something. You didn't have to kayo her. But Yeah. But there's women that think that they could just go up to a guy and yell because they're protected by society. There's fucking psychos out there. It just goes Back to be nice. Yes. Be Nice, man. Like, be nice. But there's like, you motherfucker, I'll fucking kick, I'll fucking kill you. Like, hey, hey, hey, hey. Yeah. Hey, I've been backed up a couple times with the bump bumps on the chest.


And it's like, all right, all right, all right. Then you're like backed against a car, like at a tailgate or something. You're like, Yeah. And when you say, don't touch me. Yeah. And, And it gets, it gets hot. And then it's like, they might just touch you. 'cause you said don't touch me. And like, I'm telling you, don't touch me. And then you have to touch them. And then, oh, you're assaulting me. Like, no, no, no. You're still talking. So I haven't assaulted you. Right. Like, if I assaulted you, this would be over super quick. Right. So let's not do that. Yep. That happened to me in DC I was walking with my wife and it's during when everything was popping off. Oh, big, big time. Oh, big big time Things. People got real mouthy.


Real, real. And we're walking through and of course, You know, truth be told, I'm walking through, I'm, my wife looks like a Viking also. And we're walking through DC during the height of everything. Height of everything. No mask. 'cause I'm outside and I'm a sovereign individual. And screw that. You know, like, and a whole chattering group of a certain population of, You know, well it's Antifa. And so they're rah rah rah. And I was like, and I just said, I'm not gonna stop walking. Please move outta my way. I'm rah rah. You know, f you f this, that. Then you just, Meanwhile you did nothing. I, I literally was walking across and there were 40 yards from me and ran across the street to come yell at me like a bark.


They ever seemed like a, like a bear or a, or a wild borg. It was like baed by dogs. And they're all like, Yeah. And we're just walking and it's like, okay, please. And we were trying to get to my hotel and there's a cop. 'cause they boarded everything off. 'cause everything was crazy. It was like the four big groups were all doing the deal that weekend. And I was like, my, my hotel's right there. Sorry. I said, sir, do you think I really wanna deal with this? Like, like, and there everyone has their cameras out 'cause they're like, big guys' gonna smoke somebody. Right. And there's a whole deal. And then finally one, actually one of them, it wasn chirping at me. She fell down and tripped over something and I helped her up. 'cause this is what you do. And then get your hands on. It's like, okay man, can I please get to my, like, this is a thing.


So, and then they played music all night till seven in the morning, right outside of our hotel, just to make sure that no one slept. It was great. It was a wonderful time. Fun Times. It was a great time. Whatever happened to law and order? Why do people think it wasn a good thing? Ah. Why? There were so many goofy motherfuckers that didn't want it. Terrible people mad at them. So they started yelling out defund the police. That's, they started getting on board with it. It wasn terrible. Even Kamala Harris posted defund the police. Like, I mean, defund the police on, on Twitter. Yeah. Like When is it a good idea ever to like, kind of cancel anyone? Like there's like, like besides like someone that hurts children, like after that kind of do what you wanna do. Right. Don't, Well that's not even a canceling thing. It wasn just, people had decided that there was an enemy out there.


I I say this that like, protests are too much like war. You're on the ground and you're marching around with a bunch of people yelling. You all have a cause and you're all moving as one group. It's too much like war. Yeah. I think there's some, there's triggers. That's why mob mentality exists. Because you gotta be able to kill people if some shit's going down. If you're at war, there's Like, It escalates, Right? There's a mode that people snap into. It's called mob mentality. Why does it exist? It exists because at certain points in history, we have gone to war with other groups of people on the, on the ground. Yep. And I think that's built into your psyche. Yep. And I think it's just like catching a fish. You know how you catch a fish? Like if no one's ever caught a fish before you catch like, oh, you get so excited.


I think it's 'cause your brain is hardwired to know that that fish is gonna feed you. Yes. And that's why it's exciting and your hardwired to know that if you are yelling and you meet an opposing group, those are the bad people. And you're going looking for people that are opposing groups. 'cause you've got power. There's a bunch of you, dude. Yeah. You're A bunch of bullies. You're rolling deep and you find that fucking white guy with the beard and you're like, he's the enemy. It was wild. It was Wild. It was wild. But it was like an open door to this psyche. Yeah. That, that, that has always existed. That mob mentality has always been a thing. And if you open that door and you allow it to stay open and you don't do something to close it with law and order, you have fucking madness.


You have mad madness. And we had that, we had that on the streets in certain places in this country for months at a time. It was fucking chaotic. Bonkers. Yeah. It was actually pretty cool in my, I don't wanna say none of that world was cool, but during my, in my town, they, they started burning stuff and everything like that. And my sheriff, he's a, he's a friend of mine. He's like, yeah, we shut that down fast. I was like, what happened? It's like someone threw a brick. I got center mass with a, with a beanbag period first time. And I go, how long did that take? He goes, we haven't had a problem since. I was like, perfect. He's Like, You know, and that's kind, it's being kind. Yeah, exactly. The beanbag is being kind. Yeah. A S a severe punishment. Yeah. Really fast. Generally trains people pretty quickly.


And then it's like, all right, our town went back to being cool. Everyone's fine. Yeah. There's, there's no reason for it. And it was, it's, it's crazy how quickly it all boiled over And it was all these events happening together at the same time. Right. The covid, the lockdowns, the anger. Oh, everybody got real weird because everyone was just locked in their home for months at a time. Yeah. And then the George Floyd thing and the public outrage enough's horrible. And the people are on the street. And then people were encouraging it and funding it. There was people, it wasn, there was certain groups that were encouraging it, organizing it and funding it. And they got money from people to do it. And they, they had pallets of bricks that were conveniently located on the street. All that stuff's real. Oh yeah. Yeah. No, we, we, we saw it.


It was, it was remarkable to see it in real time. That's Why it's crazy having a guy like Mike Bens lay out Right. How it all is going down. Yep. And you think, oh, it's all organic. People are fed up Uhuh. No, no. There's a bunch of people that are profiting off of this. Yes. They want this to take place. They want to be able to push new laws through. They wanna be able to grip tighter. Yep. Tighter control on censorship. Tighter. These social media companies have to pay. They're responsible for this. No, no, no. You fucking funded it. You fucking funded it with tax money. It wasn f filtered through NGOs. You cock suckers. You guys are a part of this. You want this to happen. Right. That's where you everyone just like, everyone just pause.


Yeah. Just like pump the brakes. If it feels like, oh, what was that song by Iron Maiden? I can't remember. But it speeds up at the end. You know? That's what it felt like the last four years. Especially during 2020. I was like, oh, this is the, the end of like paranoid or whatever it was And it just sped up and you're like, oh, is this how the end of the story goes? Like as in humanity? It could Be. Yeah. I, I think we got a taste of what's possible. Yeah. But I also think, I think it was horrible. Anybody who lost someone, anybody where of course where it all went down. I, I think it was horrible. Don't get me wrong, but I also think we're lucky. Yes. Because we got to see it. It's horrible. If you lost your business, it's horrible.


Of course, if you course you got forced to get vaccinated. It's horrible. All those things are horrible. But we got to see how many people are fucking cowards. We got to see how many people fold as soon as there are any sort of external pressure from either they're surrounded or how many people got forced into it by their job. Sure. We got to see that. And we got to see how there are unscrupulous groups in power that will coerce people to do things that are not scientific. They're not ethical, they're not moral. If they can profit off of it. And we got to see that, that they will use you as a human fucking ATM machine. And they will, they will figure out a way to maximize their profits and maximize the control.


So now we know. So now we know. So now you can't think that the world is some sort of 1950s movie where the good guys wear the white hats. Right. And the bad guys wear the black hats. You gotta realize like, yeah, there's a lot of human interest shit going on. And humans have a certain interest in getting control over money and over people. And they do it whenever they can. And if they can do it through the guise of being progressive and kind, or if they can do it through the guise of, You know, whatever, pull yourself up by your bootstraps. Like whatever it is. Yep. They find a way to, to rationalize these very specific patterns of behavior that the founding fathers of this country fought against when they created the Bill of Rights and they created the constitution.


They did all that knowing that these human nature, these human instincts exist. Yeah. It'll keep flow charting back down to this eventually. Yeah. And it's like, hold on. People are people and people are gonna do people stuff. And every time they pass something like the Patriot Act or the Patriot Act too, they just just chip away at that. They're chipping away at that. And it's their job to do that in their mind. Right. It's shouldn't be. 'cause there's not enough oversight of them. That's the problem. It's like, right. This is the whole concept of the deep state, which was always like such a stupid conspiracy theory for the longest time. People are like, oh, you worried about the deep state? Until you are, until you're like, oh my God, it's real. Oh my God. How did that kid get on that roof?


Like, come on. How did, how did he walk around with a fucking range finder like we were talking about before? Range finders. Yeah. That's what he had. That's why he used those folks for fucking shooting people. He's not golfing. The Whole thing was nuts. The whole thing was nuts. Yeah. And we were all just sitting there going, oh, the deep state's real. Like, oh, someone, someone did something here. How did his apartment get professionally scrubbed? Is there are, are there a team of people that are actually organizing something like this? Has this happened before? Why won't they release the Kennedy files? He died how many fucking years ago? Yes. 1963. Yeah. How, why don't, that's 61 years ago.


How about you released that? Yeah. Maybe pay like, or Hey, how about you guys release that? Yeah. Or there's maybe a reason. Yeah. Do you think that stuff's gonna, I mean, do you think like 61 Years is not a lot of time though? That's a good point. Like, maybe should wait another 60 wait. Makes, makes sense. Right. People Aren't ready yet. They're not ready yet. I've thought about that. A i, I wanna know, right? I wanna see behind all the scenes. Yeah. I wanna see the, I wanna see the Epsteins, the diddy, the, the, the Ken, You know, the Kennedy Ca Patel says First day, day one, let's go. That's what he says. Let's see it. If they get him in there, What a stud. Right. Oh man. That's the, if you are the deep state, what sticks, You know what he said he wanted to do? He would close Langley and make it a, a museum of the deep state.


Geez. First thing he said he would do. And then just reorganize everything and say, now go back to chasing criminals. Yeah. And stop attacking the fucking citizens. Stop spying on people. You fucking weirdos. I'm so pumped about him and tulsi and like, there's just such a awesome group of people that are just, it's Certainly interesting. I mean it's, I'm even excited about the way Trump is doing interviews now. Like he's doing in, he's like, he's become like a wiser person in interviews. Like, he did this interview with this lady from, I think it was NBC, the recent one that he did was over an hour. But even the way he was talking to her, she was saying things, he's like, You know, you would be so much better if you weren't so biased. So he said to her, it was like a kind way of saying, do you Think he always had that?


And he's just so intelligent. He's play, he's playing different cards at different times. I think he's realizing that part of the problem is not just the resistance that he faced, but his reaction to the resistance. And he still slips sometimes. Like he's tweets out. I hate Taylor Swift. Oh my gosh. Which I thought was hilarious. I couldn't stop laughing when I saw that. I just love irrational tweeters. Right, Right. I mean, at what point does like the, the incoming president gonna just, just dunk on somebody? Well, he wasn't winning yet. I think he was freaking out. You know. Oh man. I honestly think he was freaking out. You think? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because they had, they were doing a psyop and they were all of a sudden making it seem like Ka maer Harris was the dream that we'd always been looking for.


Mm. And they were tricking people who recognized that she was an unpopular vice president just three weeks ago. And everybody was all of a sudden on board. And He, yeah. It wasn spun around fast. Jesus. It was wild to watch. But it wasn another thing, like if you can learn from it, look, we got through it. It didn't work. But you, you should learn that the government will organize to do that, to protect their position of power. Because here's what's up. The people that are in power, and we're not even saying they're evil. I'm not saying anything bad about them. But the people in the administration that's there currently, they're all gonna lose their jobs. Okay. Or they keep their jobs. So if they can keep their jobs, what is, what's the way we keep our job, the way we keep our job is we present her as the best option possible.


Even if they don't think that's true, they have a vested interest. You're talking about thousands of people that are in control of these very organizations that were going after social media. Yeah. And we're getting them to take down factual information. Right. Because it was dangerous to their narrative. So they have already shown that they don't have ethics. They have already shown that they don't give a fuck about freedom of speech in the First Amendment. What they want is to keep their fucking job and keep power and also not get in trouble for some of the shit they did. It wasn, Maybe. Wow. That's illegal. That's Which we wouldn't even have known about if Elon didn't buy Twitter. Yeah. I mean, I agree. I think the Elon by Twitter was like that. It's a game changer. The game changer.


The fork in the road for civilization. Yep. Yeah. It's wild to think, isn't It? Mark Andreesen has said there's two forks in the road. There's one Elon buy Twitter and two Trump turns his head and doesn't get shot. Those are the two. Yeah. Those, if those two things don't happen, who fucking knows where we are? I, I don't disagree. And and you look at those both scenarios, they're both like one in a million. Like how would a, the Trump, like Trump turns his head. Like, that's wild. Right? But then like, how would a guy like Elon exist, first of all, in our lifetime, right? What are the Odds? What are the odds, right. That has the vehicle of Twitter or, or You know, and all the things line up, Not just has the vehicle has so much fuck you money.


Right. That he's willing to blow $44 billion on something that's worth 200 billion maybe. Right? So, or or rather 20 billion maybe. So one of the things that, like, there's this narrative, like he's such a bad businessman. Twitter is worth $20 billion less than when he purchased it. No, no, no. It wasn never worth that much. He overpaid for it. Right. Knowingly. He over paid for it on purpose. Yeah. Knowingly. Yeah. Knowingly. He just, what? And he wanted to take control Yes. Of this fucking thing that has always been so important to us. Which is the first amendment. Yes. Like express. Here's my favorite. People keep saying, I keep seeing this where people that go over to Blue Sky, they keep saying what Elon's done is highlight right wing voices and accentuate right wing.


And Twitter is overrun by right wing now. No, no, no, no. This is actually representative of the real country, which is 50 50. This is what you never had before. Because conservative voices were always censored. Always. So now conservative voices and progressive voices coexist. And the progressive voices who are the babies don't Like It. 'cause now they have people that think completely different than them. And they don't, they can't stop them. Right. They're used to silence them. Right. You, you used to not be able to say anything, of course about certain things. You would get kicked off and now you could fully express yourself. Sure. And you're finding out there's people you agree with, there's people you disagree with.


That is the world. The world is not some fucked up echo chamber where if you say, You know, to a man is never a woman, you get banned for life. That happened to my friend Meghan Murphy. She got banned for life because she said a man is never a woman, which is biologically true. But they were like, no, that's transphobic for life. For life, For life forever. Bye. So they don't want any narrative contrary to what they have accepted as doctrine. And that's what's so fucked up Remaining dogmatic in the face of alternate information And pushed, pushed by the government. This is what's really important. And again, that's where you kind of look back and go, if something is being pushed by anyone.


Right. Follow the money, follow the track. Like why? So there's, what's the point's doing it under the guise of being progressive. So this is why they think it's worth doing. They, it's like if you can allow the government to censor you under the guise of them being on the good side, then then you're lost. Sure. 'cause then you, you've bought into this nonsense and you have, if you just looked at it objectively, you have people that are still supporting the military industrial complex, still supporting overthrowing, democratically elected governments in other countries. It's still the same shit. Yeah. That you hated about the Right. And that same government. You've let them into your home and you let them control this most important platform of free speech.


Yeah. On the, in the world. Because you think they're doing it for your side. Which is a good, it's a good thing. Meanwhile, they're drone bombing people in Yemen. They don't give a fuck about you. This is so stupid. They're just trying to stay in power. And they knew that they were gonna lose power if that Hunter Biden laptop got out. Yeah. They're like, we're fucked. This could cost us 10 million votes naturally. And the Wild part is, I guess 'cause it's after the fact, but it doesn't seem like that whole thing really, really changed the scoreboard. And maybe I Could be wrong, the Hunter Biden laptop thing. I mean I think it did. I think it did. I I don't think enough people were talking About it. They didn't know if they weren't, if they, first of all, where do people find out things? Most people are not finding out things through the newspaper.


No. They're finding out things through social media. Me. And if you can block it on social media Yeah, of course. They don't find out about it. Of Course. There's so many things I talk to people about that's like kind of in our world. Like just everyone knows this stuff and I'll talk to people just on the street, whatever. They have no idea. Yeah. Most people don't have any Idea. And that's where I started going, oh, there's different narratives being spun to different algorithmic groups because we're all in the Truman Show, our own little Truman show. 100%. And we all think that we know what's going on. And I'm like, Hey guys, we all have our different scoreboards somehow. Yeah. That's been put up. So like, let's just question the scoreboard for a minute and Learn how to communicate with people, disagree with. And this is the problem with these people that wanted all the right wing voices banned from Twitter.


Like, Hey guys, that's bad for you. It's bad for you. Yes. And it's bad for your, your own objectivity, your own understanding of the world. Yep. And you need to, even if someone's wildly incorrect, if they're wildly wrong, yeah. You need to be able to know that people do think that way. It's good for you. Yeah. Make a good point. And like, let's listen. Yeah. Yeah. And I enjoy talking to people from all over and like much like yourself. And I stupidly got into some, some dms with like, people just like hit me up and they're like, Hey then. And I'm just like, oh, I'll ride the ride. Yeah. And I'll ask questions and this and that and the other. But it was very illuminating. Like, oh wow, you're looking at a totally different scoreboard.


A totally different game clock. A whole different thing. And it, it makes me at least question myself and go, well maybe I'm watching, I'm the crazy one. Maybe I'm No, they're just a Cowboys fan. They're a Cowboys fan. The cowboys can do no wrong. Right. And you're like, fuck you, I like the Raiders. Like whatever it is, Show you guys's What it is. It's teams for people don't believe in sports. And that's politics. That's those fuckers, a lot of those fuckers are not into sports. And they, Or competition. I've always been super reluctant to the whole team thing in the first place because when I stopped playing baseball and I started fighting, one of the reasons why I did it was like, I didn't like that little Billy can drop the ball and I'm a fucking loser. Oh, I get it. I didn't like that.


I get it. I, I like to rely on myself. Like I've Never played a team sport. The most. Relying on myself to me was like fighting. I was like, we are the same weight. We, you, you, there's no trickery. You're 3, 2, 1, go. You know, you're like, are you ready? Are you ready? Go. It was like so simple to, I mean like, this is what I'm looking for. Yep. This is like competition. That makes sense to me. Yeah. And this idea of like joining a group of people and all of their opinions I have to agree with like, that's horrendous to me. Right. Like that. Like what are the odds they're gonna be, right. What are they odd? Even in fighting, so many people are so wrong in their ideas. Like there's guys in the gym that I'll hear them giving advice.


Like, you don't need submissions. You want to learn submission defense. Like, what are you talking about? Don't tell him that. Like, you should shut the fuck up. Like, and this guy's a trained fighter in a gym. Jesus. He's telling people you just need submission defense. Like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You need to learn how to do it so you can even defend it correctly. Right. Just even know what's out there. Right. Just like listening to the other side. Right. Just like, Hey, tell me why you believe X, Y, and Z. That I think is absurd. But yeah. Gimme, oh wow. Okay. Well now I realize you're crazy. But at least I know. It's also like who, who are you training with where you don't think that works? They're like, why don't you go train with Fabricio over doom and then tell me you shouldn't learn your guard. You don't know what you're talking about.


You're talking nonsense. You're saying, you're saying something from this very narrow-minded perspective. Like you could only learn so many skills. Like no, you could, you should learn the whole thing. Right. And if you can't learn the whole thing, you're in the wrong game. Because these kids that are coming up guarantee you that. I watched some of these kids that are coming up in the amateur ranks and their kids that are fighting in the UK and they're gonna make their way in the UFC. These motherfuckers are complete. Yes. And they're like 18. Some of these kids that are fighting in one fc, they're like 17, 18 years old. And they're complete. They can do everything. Like you better learn how to do everything. Yeah. You're gonna meet that guy. Yeah. That guy's out there. And otherwise you're in the wrong game. Right. And if you're giving advice saying you don't need to learn that.


Like, oh well That's a good, like if you're ever given advice to someone doesn't need to expand their horizons. Like that's just wrong. Right. But imagine if that guy's your coach and imagine you have a team and everyone in the team has to believe that submission's bullshit. That's just be building that same narrative. Right. And then you get trapped with all these meathead that think is just all about ground and pound. And then you get triangled every weekend. You're like, I'm tired of getting triangles. Yeah. Well It's the same tribalism and strength conditioning too. You either got get, guys are like, oh, all the power lifting moves, that's all you gotta do. Bench squat, squat that lift. And it's like all the other guys are Olympic lift. You gotta snatch clean and jerk and everything else is stupid. You're like, okay guys. Like, and I used to joke, I was like, I could look at your shoes and I could tell you what tribe you're in and what music you probably listen To.


What shoes are, what are the shoes that you look, converse All stars. A lot of guys lift with those 'cause They're, they'll be West Side guys. That's A hardcore dude. That's a hardcore dude. He's gonna run all Star. He's gonna run call Converse. He's gonna box squat. He's let ask you this. A Sumo dad, Why doesn't Converse make an Allstar with a wider toe box? You would think? Because I try to lift in Converse. Like, these are stupid. They're hard, they're hard to do. Yeah. Yeah. Like A wide toe box. Yeah. Think I like a vivo barefoot like that. But converse are good 'cause they're flat. There's not a lot of, there's no cushion In there. Well it depends on what you're doing. Right. If you're like more of a, of a, You know, wide stance sumo or box squat, because your feet, your heels aren't elevated, it's actually a better situation for squatting. Right. Well if you're an Olympic lifter, you're gonna be closer. So you want a heels elevated with a flexible toe.


Ah. And that's so why you look and you're like, oh, okay, this is what you're doing. And then I kind of laugh, like the guys with the cross trainers are usually just dudes that do a whole bunch of crap and they're doing plys and dancing around and whatever. But there's always like these little tribal things. Like if you're this person, you're wearing Chucks and you're listening to Pantera. Yeah. Like it's just part of the gi of the gig, You know? And it is always funny. And it's like, alright, Some people think you have to lift heavy. If you don't lift heavy, you're a pussy. Oh. Or, or you have to listen to music at like 8,000 decibels to lift heavy. Yeah. And, and slap your fucking thighs and scream. I've, I've danced that dance before. Throw the power. Oh, I've done the, So I've done the, I've done the Smelling salts. The Smelling of course. Oh, We do smelling salts in here.


Let's Go right here. Yeah, let's roll. Let's go, let's go. It is a good one, huh? Rough. It's probably better than what I had back in the day. It Is a good one. And it's not even that fresh. Yeah. It's not even fresh. That's worse. It works than I Remember. That's Juju Fus. Yeah. Yeah. We Don't, we are a, an unlicensed promoter of this brand. Yeah, I know. Yeah. We used to do the little capsules and break 'em. And that's a whole different animal. Yeah. That's shit's real. That's a whole jar of it. It's Like, it's potent. The fumes that come out are so strong. When you have a sealed bag, you could smell it on the outside of the bag. Then when you open the bag, you got a sealed bottle.


I Think my ears are bleeding now. Just the smell from the opening the bag is rough. Yeah, no, I, I just, What does that do? Does that really help you? Have you ever tried to lift before that and then it, It's just snaps a central nervous system. It kinda like, You know when you're passed out. Right. Does it make you a little stronger? You think? More mad. More mad, More mad. Matt's good. I mean, Matt's good on on big on big gross motor movements, squats, deadlifts. I used to call like deadlifts are just how mad you were. They Used to have the strongest man competitions all the time on ESPN. Yeah. Well those dudes were like holding on the cars and The other cars and the ramps. Oh so cool. The cross. Yeah. The big stones and Atlas stones. It was so great. It was fun. Yeah. I watched 'em all the time in the nineties.


And then actually my dad was in 1980 at the Playboy Club. He was with Bill Kame when he did the silver dollar deadlift. It was pretty, What's the silver dollar? He had like 900 something pounds of these like clear boxes and, and they were filled with silver dollars. Oh wow. And it was super cool. And So it was like an iconic lift and, and You know, pops was like hanging out with those cats and, but it was funny 'cause there's like a whole picture of him and I'm pretty sure, I mean he was obviously training that I think he was partying pretty hard too. So he looked straight off of a, of a ripper and, and I was like, man, the eighties were awesome. He looked like he looked like Magnum pi. It was awesome. Yeah. They Were just learning things. Oh man. It was the pioneer days basically.


Geez. It was so cool. You always knew that if you're watching the strongest man, if the dude's name was Magnus, he was gonna fuck things up. Yeah. Yeah. He was Some Magni. Is it for Magnuson? A Samuelson If there's some sons involved, You know, one of those guys is fighting MMAs. He's been fighting at Marius Pu Janowski. Oh, I remember Ma. Yeah. Yeah. He went from being a strong man to being Like, it's terrifying. Really Good MMA fighter. I could see that in the beginning he was getting fucked up. Sure. But he tried to dive in right away. Like he tried to fight God. He fought some good fighters like right away When Maus was at the height, because we used to do a lot of, a lot with the Arnold Strongman Classic. Tim Sylvia. That's what he fought. My gosh. Did He, he fought Tim Sylvia like really early on.


Like when Tim, yeah. So he fought Tim Sylvia in his third pro fight and he got the fuck beating out of him. Yeah. Well that like, it wasn just, But I remember I never, and he fought Butter bean. He beat Butter Bean. He lost to James Thompson and he beat James Thompson. Oh well no contest. It says Yeah. What a stud fought Bob s a it wasn. Bob Sapp was like taking kind of Yeah. Dives. Yeah. My, my, my buddy used to train with Bob Holes. Gracie beat holes Gracie. Yeah. He knocked Holes Gracie out. Yeah. So he's kind of like a bunch of like legit MMA fights. Yeah. Pu Janowski was like one of the first guys ever saw it wasn that big, that had like vascular lats. So we were in the backstage And it was kind of weird 'cause like he was considerably bigger the year than before.


And I think even taller too. I was like, this guy wasn't, I was like, well there he go. How Did he get Taller? I Was like, that's what I was questioning. I was Like, you had all Kinds of crazy shit. I don't remember shit. Him being taller, that's amazing as my height. But it was really weird. Oh boy. Got taller. Look at The seriously size Of that motherfucker. Yeah. He was backstage and everyone was like big, big. But it was like Maurice is in a whole different category. Oh. He Was a tank on multiple levels. See if he could find him now though. He's slimmed down considerably. He still looks fucking huge. But as an MMA fighter now he's, yeah. See there, see click on that picture. Yeah. Still. No, the other one. He's still, He's still terrifying. Go The what what above it? Right above it. I mean, that's not new. It's old. Yeah, but Oh, what year is that? I don't know. It's clearly old though. 22. Oh because it's blurry.


Two years old. Does it say that? 22 years old. 2002. Oh, okay. See if you can find some footage of him actually fighting. Maybe there's some. I'm sure he is. Got some highlight. There he is right there. So he's on his knees. Oh. Oh, here we go. He's, he's still stiff, but he's got good technique. Yeah. And he's got a lot of power, man. Yeah. Look at the muscles on the back of his neck. He looks like one of those bucks during the rut when, When the necks Blow up really big. Yeah. But at least like he's, he's throwing correctly hands up high. Yeah. And this is all technical work here, But, well it's like Brian Shaw's been doing a little bit of sparring with Derrick Wolf. Oh Jesus. How terrible is that? What does he weigh? Three 90? I don't know. I mean I know he was up to four 40 something at one point.


My dad is actually who got him in a strongman. He came by our booth at 18 years old and my dad was like, Hey, you're really strong. You should like get into this. Yeah. He should be on another planet. You're too big. He is too big for this planet. Yeah. He was probably two 40 met. That makes me believe in the honor. Right. You know, you see Right. There's Actually giants that are that like, where, what happened? A hundred percent. How'd you get so big? Those dudes. You remember Cleve Dean? You ever remember that guy? No. Who's he? So he was a old, they called him like a pig farmer. He was one that won the original world. Strongest man. But he was the arm wrestling champion. And it was like all those old, like weird. It was like 440 pound, like just giant farmer there. There he goes. Oh yeah, that cat. Oh, why is that poor little fellow arm wrestle in?


I Mean, look how big that human is. Jesus Christ. Look at his hand. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. Look at that photo. That's big Daddy Goodridge. Yeah. It was MMA fighter. Look at that. The hand holding the, the table in the front. Look at this high as that fucking wild. Right? Yeah. If you could teach that guy to throw a jab, you fuck a lot of people up. I would like to see a fight between him and Andre the giant. Oh God. That'd been awesome. Definitely wouldn't be long. Right, right. Did you ever meet Andre Very long? No, I did not. That'd been cool. Yeah, I would've liked to have met him. That'd Been, that'd been, I met Hulk Hogan twice. Did you? I met him once when he was super tall and then, well I met him multiple times, but I met him once when he's super tall and then now he's just like regular big.


Really? Yeah, because he is lost like five or six inches of height for his back. Oh. He just getting compressed. All Of his back is all like fused. Wow. His whole back is fused. He's so fucked. How many surgeries did he say he had? Jamie? Some crazy amount of back surgeries. Really? Yeah. His whole back is fucked. Like he walked through the cane. Oh, it's rough. Have You have You And It of 25 In the last 10 years. 25 back surgeries. Oh. So he just lost all This. At least back. He has had knees, hips, shoulders, face, abs. Oh, you've, I'm sure you've met Stallone before, right? Yeah. Yeah. Have y'all just talked like random old weird stuff? Like No, I didn't get a chance to talk to him very much.


I, I interviewed him once for I think it was Spike TV when I was doing the UFC thing. Yeah. I interviewed him. He was fun. He is wild. He's very similar to you. And then so like while, like remembers everything from like those eras of stuff and, and You know Gunner Peterson. So I was at Gunner's gym in LA and Stallone was in there. I was like, oh that's badass. I fricking Stallone like I'm a kid of the eighties. And I was like, Hey, You know, would you mind? He sat down with me for 45 minutes. Oh wow. And we just talk like, but he mentioned Cleve Dean. Like he remembered like all the arm wrestlers, the boxers like historian of the human performance world. It was like, oh this is so cool.


I figured you guys had to like have nerded out about it. Did you, Have you ever paid any attention to the old catch wrestling guys? No. What's that? Okay. Catch wrestling was catch as catch can, which is what they used to call it I think when it was when they were in England. Okay. And then when they came over to America it was called Catch like what? What it was was basically wrestling with submissions. And there was certain rules like you could pin a guy or you could submit 'em and they can tap. And there was a few guys that were legendary for their strength and conditioning routines. No way. Yeah. Yeah. Josh Barnett. Okay. Learned under Carl Gch. And Gch was like famous for having like this unbelievable gauntlet of strength and conditioning work that you had to be able to get through before he would even train you.


Really? Yeah. Like he went over to Japan and got trained. A lot of guys like there's a lot of like catch. What was that influence? Well, when you go back to the early days of catch wrestl, like go back, go farmer burns. 'cause Farmer Burns was like one of the, what is this? What am we watching here? What is catches Catch Ken. So these guys, It wasn, it wasn that George Hacken Schmitt. They, is that what it was? Yeah. Back up for a second. So yeah. Hacken Schmidt. Yeah. So, so he's like one of the fathers of strength and conditioning. Makes sense. 'cause a lot of these hack squad, Carl Gooch and Hacken Smith were duking it out at Comiskey Park. Yeah. And they would have wrestling matches, But there were real matches.


Wow. And then somewhere along the line they started doing carnival matches and then these carnival matches. That's nice. They had, You know, regular people that they would find and they would like have predetermined outcomes. Then it became pro wrestling. And that's where pro wrestling was. Okay. Given birth to Right. It was out of this necessity to kind of rig the matches. Right. But you get in the wahoo chop and stuff. See these are kind of enthusiasts that are doing it now, like in a modern setting. But the, the guys who really know the stuff, like Josh Barnett has tapped out some legit Brazilian juujitsu black belts in competition. Wow. With catch wrestling techniques. It's like Kimura's Americana's.


That's cool. They call, they call that a double wrist lock though. They have like different terminology for some of the same moves. But Farmer Burns was this guy, it wasn, he was so legendary with his strength and conditioning that he would hang from a tree. He would literally like hang himself like, because his neck, his neck was so built up and he was a small guy. He was like 160 pounds. But he was so jacked and his, he literally had like a pit bull neck. There's, there's photos of him where he would do this stunt where he would hang by the neck in front of crowds. Right. Like, look at him. That's him. Oh wow. Okay. That's farmer burns. Farmer burns. Okay. He'd probably be very similar to the, the mighty Adam if you've ever heard of him.


But You know how fucking strong your neck has to be stupid to and not just hang sometimes hang like all the time. Look at his neck. That's amazing. Look at his fucking neck. But he knew that, You know, if your neck is weak, your body's weak, your core is weak. If someone colorize you and you got a neck like that, you can resist it and you could work your shit. Yeah. Anything that hangs outta your T-shirt, you better train. There Was a bunch of those guys back in those days that just had these incredible strength and conditioning programs and they used a lot of things like steel maces. Yep. Like Carl Gotch was, see if you can find Carl Gotch strength and conditioning routine. 'cause even like as an older man when he was teaching people stuff, he would, he would show how he maneuvered these, You know, these big fucking bases.


And it was like super impressive stuff. Yeah. It just, but his maneuvering something, not necessarily lifting it All that functional strength stuff that he would have those guys do 500 body weight squats every day. Every day. Oh, that's cool. So here's him back then Carl Gotch. And a lot of it was like Hindu pushups and Yeah. Look how flexible he was. Geez. For a big fucking giant dude. Yeah. Like super flexible. So they realized that, You know, like we were talking about, technique is very important, right. But also strength. Yeah. So look at the size of his fucking thighs dude. Yeah. Look At the neck and then, yeah. Oh. And so he'd make these guys do these crazy wrestlers bridges and look at how you could do that.


Like support yourself and pull yourself back up like that. So they kind of like in resist against necks. Yeah. So these guys would have these unbelievably grueling physical sessions and then, then they do their technique. Wow. Yeah. So it just, they would attempt to I guess be a pre fatigue. And so you'd learn to do it. Well also, you just had to be in phenomenal shape. Right. Because in wrestling, You know, that's the first thing that goes, oh gosh. Is you, you must have ridiculous conditioning to be an elite wrestler. Look at the size of his fucking legs, dude. Geez. So Carl Gotch was just like super famous for this and he's in Japan here teaching these guys. Wow. And obviously this is black and white.


It's just a long time ago. Yeah. Have you ever seen the, it's a, Who is he training here? Does it say who He's working with an Okie. That's an Okie. Oh wow. Of course. Enoki fought Muhammad Ali. Oh, okay. Right. You ever see that fight? No. Oh my God. It was like some crazy scam fight where Enoki just, Did he stand on his face? Dropped to his back. Yeah. Work his neck. So he's lifting him up with his neck. He Stand on his face though too. Yeah, man. Good job. Carl Gosch didn't fuck around dude. Yeah, that's obvious. That'll build your chin. So Enoki had this fight with Muhammad Ali and Muhammad Ali's trying to punch him and Enki just goes to his back and kicks his legs. So he is, he fucked Muhammad Ali's legs up to like, they were really fucked up for quite a while.


Really? After that. Yeah. So this is what they did. He just kicked his knees and kicked his legs. Yikes. And Ali's like, what the fuck? And it's in Japan and they're paying him a ton of money to do it. And so the referee is, has to separate him. And the referee is Judo Jean LaBelle. No way. Yeah. So Judo, Jean LaBelle's, the Wrestl, the referee and Enokis just lying on his back, kicking him and he's, he's kicking him with like round house kicks. Like, look at this. So he's fucking Ali's legs up man. That's When you're a guy who makes his living off of his footwork, which was Ali like this was super dangerous. Look, he's getting him in a leg lock. So obviously this wasn't boxing. This is No, it was Some weird hybrid fight that, You know, I think Ali just needed money and they talked to him into doing this.


But like Those fights we get today, is that sort of like what this was going on, these crazy exhibition real fights that are happening? Well sort of, but this was real, I dunno you call it Enoki was really trying to hurt him. He really did kick the shit out of his legs. And Ali really see if you can find any articles on Ali's legs after the enoki bout That's, I think he really fucked his legs up because he didn't know how to check kicks. He didn't know what what to even do. And all of a sudden this guy's on his back roundhouse kicking his legs and stomping at his knees. Yeah. Yeah. So who knows if his knees got hyperextended, he tore his meniscus. Like who knows what the fuck happened there. Geez. Have you ever seen, there's an old Polish documentary that's them training in the 1970s and they're doing all that kind of crazy stuff.


So two bloods throwing logs and Look at, they said he has blood clots where I see it. Where does it say that? Nearly ended Ali's career. It was in the right before I clicked on it. It said it in the, like the little two sentences. Finally the 15th round, they call it a draw. Wow. Ali is bleeding from the legs. He gets an infection in his legs and he almost has to have an amputation. Holy shit. Extended stay in the hospital was the best case scenario coming outta the fight. Wow. What year was this? So Muhammad Ali suffering two blood clots and an infection in his leg from an OK's vicious grounded kicks according to the sweet science.


Wow. Wow. When he finally did so look at this. So he said he continued his tour of Asia, despite this competing in exhibition matches in South Korea and the Philippines before returning to the United States. When he finally did get back to the us, Ali needed to stay in Los Angeles Hospital for multiple weeks to recover from injuries sustained in the Enoch fight. Holy shit man. He put him on ice man. They were concerned. Ali's injuries could even be life-threatening. Well, that's staph infection. He was bleeding from the legs, got an infection in his legs, almost had to have an amputation, bro. Staph infections are fucking terrifying. You had One? Yeah. Yeah, I bet. Two. Geez. Twice.


Twice. I've had staph. Not Bad dog. I Had a blood clot. I caught it both times. I had a blood clot one time I got jammed up, s smoked my ankle and I was like, didn't think much of it, felt like just kinda weird. Got hot, got swollen. I'm competing all over the world. And I'm like, eh, this kind of feels weird. And the doctor's like, Hey man, you need to get that shaked up. Of course. Jumped back on a plane, went across the country and they said that I had a blood clot from my knee to my hip. Oh shit. Yeah. So it was blocking off the blood coming Off me. Yeah. And the, my calf was giant. And what did they do About that? Just started taking blood thinners and stuff and so, which was cool, But you can't get cut. Couldn't get cut. Which is kind of funny because I got on the blood thinners and I had just pulled an alligator tag like a couple days before.


No. So I told, I told the doctor, I was like, he's like, don't do anything, they'll get you cut. I was like, well I'm going alligator hunting tonight. And he's like, ha. And I was like, no, no, seriously. He's like, no, you'll bleed out if you get bit. And I'm like, yeah, but I probably won't bleed out. So I remember like in the middle of the night, the swamp giving myself shots of whatever that stuff was in my stomach and oh my God, it was, I'm not very smart. So how Long do you have to take the blood thinners for? I took dissolves For about six to eight months. Whoa. Because I started on the shots and then I went to like the Warfarin tabs and they had to, to keep checking me, keep checking me. 'cause they had to let it all break out. And so I'd have to once a month get it ultrasound and Just, there's no better way. Can't they pull that outta there or something?


Yeah, that's what I would've thought. Like It tweezers, You know? Yeah. That's crazy. It's crazy. He, So I was at Christmas party a couple months later and my doctor saw me and he was like, Hey. And he was couple, had a couple beers in him. So he is like, Hey, he is like, you're gonna do you or you're one of your descendants are gonna do something special for this world. And I'm like, what do you mean? And he was like, he's like, You know where that blood clot should have been? I go, where? And he just tapped me on the chest. He's like, right there. He goes, no way. You shouldn't have died on that one. I go, really? He goes, you heated it, you iced it, you massaged it, you flew, you trained. He goes, you did everything. If you were trying to commit suicide by blood clot for months. He goes, how it didn't travel? I have no idea. Whoa.


And but when someone tells you that, you're like, well that's cool. I guess things are gonna go awesome for a while Because it or you just got lucky. Alright. Yeah. And then what happened? My, my lower leg, basically it, like they said, it grew another vein. So it grew a bypass around it. No. So it, all, the swelling started going down and they're like, yeah, one of your mini like minimized veins or smaller veins actually grew in, in capacity and just worked its way around. They're like, the human body will do that. I'm like, So it just worked its way around the bypass. What would've happened though, if you didn't get that vein diluted with the blood thinners or that blood clot? Something to kick loose? I mean, it was right at my hip. It doesn't go away.


Your body doesn't absorb it ever. I mean, if, if the would've the hematocrit or whatever the blood, the, the, the thickness of the blood was still of that. If it ever broke loose, he's Like, It would've gone to your heart of your head. That'd have been a stroke or heart attack and You know, but it's weird. Like, And it was just a, an ankle injury ankle That's crazy. Smoked it and it's like, oh, okay. You know, I'll be fine. Started walking it off. And what screwed me is the next day it was all black and blue, the whole deal. Right. I'm walking, walking, walking. Everything's not not fine. It sucked. And I had to go on a business trip and I was like, let me go check and make sure it's not like broken that I have to get it like actually fixed. I went to the doctor and they're like, Hey you, you gotta immobilize this thing.


And I'd been walking for a week. And so they, they wrapped it up and mobilized it. And I remember I was on a plane, I was sleeping And it felt like someone lit a fire in my calf. And I was like, what, what was that? And I went into my hotel room and I filled the trash can up with ice and I just dumped my leg in there to cool my leg down and it wasn like in May. And I competed at the Hammer World Championships all the way to Labor Day. And I was in San oh my God. I was in San Francisco and I'm like, something's weird. And I pulled down my knee sleeve and one of the docs was there and he was like, what is going on with your leg? I'm like, ah, I think I pulled a hamstring or something. He's like, nah, you didn't. And So I, I came back, called my guy at South Carolina in sports medicine and he got me in right away.


And he is like, dude, you got a big ass blood clot. I'm like, you gotta get this squared away. Now Holy imagine if he didn't do that, imagine if you just just Die. You would've just been like, Hey, I'm One day you would've just Died. I would've been a 30-year-old really healthy guy that just keeled over. And so it's like, that kind of hits you and it wasn, it wasn honestly kind of the end of my competitive sports world. 'cause I started realizing like all I cared about was winning and all I cared about was training and winning. And I like I, I forwent social relationships, being smart with my body and all this stuff. 'cause I was like, no, I'm gonna win worlds.


I'm gonna go do this. I'm gonna be top blah, whatever. Right? Yeah. And it was just like drive, drive, drive. And I was like, man, I didn't see this very obvious thing that could and should have killed me. It's like, I need to grow up. Like I need to like refocus how I'm looking at these things. And So I had to mature And it just like, okay, I've competed for 15 or 20 years or whatever it was at that point. It's like, maybe take a pump, pump the brakes for a second. Mm. And just go like, am I making good choices for my family? Good choices for my business. People that rely on me. 'cause if, You know, cool and all things, but if Bert just kills over, like, You know Yeah. That's, that's not optimal for really anyone. It's, It's interesting how you can get completely caught up in one goal to the point where you don't see anything else in life and you just miss out on a giant chunk of life.


But if you want to be the best at something, that's the thing. It's kind of the the trade off. It's the trade off. That's Neil Brennan joke. That's the trade off. Yep. I, I've talked about like the, the rabbit hole guy versus the 90% guy and like the 90% guy, which I think I've kind of turned into like if I train for something and get into something, I've generally found if I really care about it, I could be as good as 90% of the world at it. Like a lot of different things. Right. But If you're the guy that wants to go down there to be the best the goat Yeah. You have to go down so far around the rabbit hole and forsake all other things. Yeah. To where you lose sight of, of reality By the way.


You could still not make it and Yeah. You could still not make it. Yeah. You could be in the same weight class as John Jones. Right. And you're just like, I picked the wrong hero to be alive. Right. Yeah. There's Mike Tyson, 1986. Whoops. Yeah. So you wanna be a heavyweight boxer. Oh no. Yeah. Yeah. And that's, You're Tyrell Biggs. That's the weird part is like you could be the rabbit hole guy and go so far down and lose sight of life and still be the number three guy ever. Yeah. And You know, you kinda like use like the Yoda, like the dego ba forest. Like that's where people went to get all the forest. Like they don't write books about the 90% guy. Right. They write books about the weirdo that lived in the forest. There was a little green man that knew the forest.


However, though That guy might be miserable. Might be miserable man. Yeah. Might I've seen it a lot. Yeah. You gotta know when to stop. Yeah. Like it's fun to do in the beginning, but you gotta know when to stop. I mean, I would say you're probably as good or better than 90 plus percent of the human population at fighting. Probably. Probably, yeah. You're probably better at 90% of the human population at shooting a bow. Probably. Yeah. Probably. Right. And so you start looking at things, you're like, oh, the things are Yeah. But if you wanna be Levi Morgan, there's a long road. It's a long road. It's a long road. Yeah. Long ass road. And like if you wanna beat Gordon Ryan, you're probably never gonna catch him. 'cause he's already still doing It. Yeah. And he's not doing archery and he's not doing a podcast.


Exactly. And he's not doing a thing. Exactly. And then, so like I've had to kind of went to this thing. I was like, am I, do I wanna be a 90% guy that enjoys semi balance in my life and is really passionate about three or four or five things and be really, really good? Or do I want to throw all my chips in and the probability is I won't be the goat. Right. Especially if it's a competitive thing. Right. The the where it gets we real tricky with some people is if maybe it's a thing that's not a competitive thing and you can keep doing it. Yes. Like my friend Gary Clark Jr. When he records albums, he goes crazy and he locks himself in the studio and he's there for like fucking 12 hours, like every day.


And it drives his family nuts. He's just like constantly working on his music because to him, like he wants to be all in. Yes. Like that's what, that's where he lives. That's where he creates this great music when he is all in. And you could sacrifice all the other things in your life. You're not gonna work out, you're not gonna go on trips, you're not gonna, all you're doing is just whatever that thing, maybe it's painting, whatever, maybe it's writing books, whatever it is you're all in And all those beautiful. I don't know if I'm that guy. You don't have to be, You know the thing. So I had to look at Myself. You know, the thing is in the greater, You know, if you're looking at the universe, if you look at the greater picture of everything, it's not really important what you do here in this life, but for you it is.


Right. And the problem is, if you are compelled to try to be number one and you don't really chase it, you're always gonna have that thing in the back of your head. Correct. I never really went for it. Yes. At least you went for it for a long time. Yeah. And that's the thing. Like that I think is the best way. Go for something and then, but know when to stop. That's Where it was For me. Yeah. Don't be a 70-year-old dude out there in the Olympics throwing a hammer. Please don't. Please don't. No, you're Exactly was the oldest guy, whoever threw the hammer. Ah, gosh. Well actually my, one of my mentors Judd Logan. So he, this dude made four Olympic teams and, and the hammer and then got out of it and he was a coach. And then every time that he would hit a, a 50 year, 55 year or 60 year, he would train for three or four months, break the all time world record in that way, in that age class.


And he would Gopuff again for five years. Good lord. And he would just come back and he would do it again and just shatter the world record. And he would come back and he'd do it. And he just did that up until pretty much when he, when he passed, Did he keep training the entire time? Like how did he be able to come back? And he, He was very genetically gifted and he would, he would just, he was a coach, so he was always doing it and kinda screwing around. And Then he'd get serious every five years. But then he would Get serious for the last little bit and, and all of his kids would come out of this guys he coached and I mean, he was just a, oh gosh, I wish he would've Been at the end, like when he was like 70. How far away was he from guys who were 30? He knocked me out of the Olympic trial finals in 2004. And he was 40, gosh, he was probably 45, 46 years old.


He's like a little bit younger than me now, but I was 27 and in my prime. Wow. And and he would've, that would've been his sixth Olympic trials. And you're just like, but it's Jud. Right? Right. Like he's a mythical bill brosky creature. Like he's, he's Judd and you're just like, dang it. Yeah. Judd's gonna figure out a way to figure out a way. And he just generally his fourth. So How many age class world records did he hold? He went 50, 55 and 60. And then he, he passed away a couple years ago actually. He got, had cancer and then he had some covid covid complications And it sucked, man. I mean, you talk about a guy that's just that statuesque, like best conversationalist like poured into all these kids and stuff and you're just like, he's the coach you always wanted to have, You know, and you're just like, ah.


But things happen Now. It's interesting when you watch the way different people live their life. 'cause you could see benefits and you could see where it would be a detriment to the rest of your life. And it allows us to look through these mythical creatures. Like that guy, these John Jones type characters, these Carl Ches and go, but is that what I wanna Do? Correct. Like, I, you, You, you should know what you want to do. Don't get tricked into doing something you don't want do. 'cause there's people out there that really want to do that. And if you don't really want to do that Right, you're never gonna beat them anyway. Y ever, ever. And you're already most likely not going to Right. Already. Most likely not going to. But if you're not really sure You're fucked. Oh, you're dead in the water. If You got one foot in, guess what bitch you're gonna get?


That foot's gonna be snatched up by a crocodile. Yeah. One, one foot in the grave and one in a roller skate. Yeah. You can't, you, you can't compete with a, a really obsessed, talented person if you're not really obsessed and talented. Yeah. And the weird part is, is when you, you look at yourself and kind of question that like, am I a 90% guy? And some people aren't either. Some people are like, I don't care what happens, man. I'd be average. And that just sounds horrible. Right. Yeah. That doesn't sound like you're gonna get anywhere and you're not gonna be interesting. Not In the least. Yeah. That's, that's the problem. Like, you're not gonna attract other interesting people 'cause they're not gonna wanna be around you. Right. And the biggest part, Unless you're really funny. Well, That's helpful. Yeah. The biggest part about being interesting is being interested. Right. You Know, ask a lot of questions, be interested as Crap.


Yes. Like, yes. That's where I think one of your superpowers besides you have a steel trap for a brain, you've recalled things that we've talked about. Like, I was like, I didn't know he was listening to that. So it was pretty impressive. But the thing is, when you come to that, like, am I a rabbit hole guy? Am I a 90% guy? In my opinion, those are the only two choices. Mm. Like the other ones just screw those. But when you kind of like really look at, like, have you ever seen like where your line really is? My line? Your line? Like when like you're like, I, I will go this far, but that's as far as I'll go. Right. Like down that rabbit hole to whatever that is or whatever stressor or whatever that may be.


And it's weird. I hadn't done it. And, and in recent, like I had an experience, I was like, okay, there's my line. Okay. That, that's, That's what what did you do? I was in Africa and, and, and I was hunting Cape Buffalo, which is the most dangerous thing it Kills with boat or rifle. Rifle. But still, it it good. It's one of those things you get in there close and everyone's like, go with the boat. Right. Oh, you Could die. Yeah, You die. It was pretty hairy. It kills more people than everyone You know. We had Awesome. What did it taste like? They were actually awesome. We did the inter loins that night. Yeah. It was in Namibia. It was fantastic. And that cool part about that is we donated the meat to the local village and they were super stoked. Wild part is after we gutted it, there's like, You know, 400 pounds of guts on a buffalo.


And I'm like, oh, are y'all gonna like truck this out to the desert or out to the place and like, let the hys And they're like, no, the villagers are taken. I was like, the guts. And they said, yeah, no. Like there will be a party tonight. No, no running water, hearts, lungs, liver, stomach, You know, guts. And they go, they will be so excited to get that. And so it wasn a for me, I go, oh, we think we understand poverty. We think we understand in this country. Like what not having. We're like, oh yeah, I didn't have a whatever. Like, no, this village is stoked to get 400 pounds of guts off of Cape Buffalo that's been laying in, in the woods dead for the last 10 hours.


Really? They were pumped. Old Guts, old guts, old hot guts. And we put a tarp over it so before we could get back out there to get the bull out of the, You know, out of the, the jungle or whatever it would be called. So, So it didn't get super hot, but struck a big black 2000 pound animal. What are they doing with the guts? How are they eating it? They Said they'll, they'll wash out all the fluids or all the guts shit and everything else, and they'll put it on the grill and fry it and do all this. Like they said, protein does not go to to waste in Africa at all. Wow. So I'm like, you guys are gonna Yeah, of course eat a heart. But they're like, yeah, they're eating heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, like anything like what does lungs Taste like? Boy, I don't know. I don't know if I want to know.


I've always thought about it. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause like when you Yeah. Open up an elk, you look at it like, can you eat this? Like, what does this taste like? Have you eaten heart? I'm sure. Yeah. Oh, I eat heart every time. Right. Heart's. I love heart. I eat lung. I mean liver rather. I eat the liver and I eat the heart. Yeah. But You know, And It seems like lungs are No, I've never heard anybody. And, and then stomach and stomach line. I guess that's what what haggis is, right? Yeah. Isn't like haggis lungs and stomach. You know what I know a lot of guys do. They take the call fat from the Yeah. And then they chop up meat and then they'll wrap it it in the call fat and put it on the grill. Ella did that, didn't he? Yeah. Yeah. That looked really cool. They did the grill good season it and then wrap it in call fat. Yeah. And then slice it open. We ate inter loins and they were really good.


But they were talking about how the, the, the villagers out there, they're like, yeah. All this meat that these hunters get, Like it all goes to the villages. I'm think people understand like how much that changes the game. So when you say your line, what did you mean by that? Well, They had another, another opportunity to do a lion hunt. Oh Yeah. I'm not interested. It wasn my line. Yeah. And it was like Yeah. For multiple reasons. Well First of all, you're not gonna eat it. Right. You could, I mean, I know dudes who eat mountain lion. It's delicious. Mountain lion is actually really good according to everybody that I know that's eating it. They're not lying. Yeah. There's people that are iffy on bear. Right. I, I enjoy bear the rivets. Of course. Yeah. They Bear, they know how to cook bear.


Yeah. But the reality of a lion is I don't think anybody's out there eating African lions. Yeah. I Right. And they're just a multitude. I mean, they're a big, I mean, I got nothing against the lion to start with. They're too cool. They're cool, but they, I don't wanna eat a lion. They're, they're big, they're scary. They hide really well. They're really fast. They're Dope. There's a lot of stuff they Didn't exist. You'd be pumped. They've, if you like, if somebody put one of those in a movie, like what a cool, awesome animal. Yeah. Yeah. You Know, so it's just like, okay. Like for multitude of reasons. Like I'm, I'm a hunter guy, I enjoy this. It's like, okay, not that one. Okay. Yeah. And then not this. And then you start looking at even training. You're like, Hey, I'll do this, but I won't do that. Right. And I don't wanna Shoot anything out. I'm not gonna eat. I'm not interested in that. Right.


I'm not interested in going to hunt something that's inedible. I just don't get it. Yeah. I get how people want to do it, but I feel like the same about fishing. Like I don't want to catch stuff that you can't eat. Yeah. You fish a good bit, don't you? Yeah. I love fishing. What's your favorite thing to fish? I mean, if I really had the time and I don't, it would be like salmon fishing in a river. Really? That's some of my, the most fun because they're so big and they're so strong. Yeah. And the way they walk jump. And there's something about rivers, like ocean's cool. I love ocean fishing, but it's like less personal. There's something about being on a small boat on a river and you hook a salmon. Oh yeah. You see it jump.


Like my friend Ari and I, we went up to Anchorage a few years back and we did a show and we, we did some salmon fishing. It was really fun. Yeah. And then I've done a lot of trout fishing. I love bass fishing. Yeah. Bass fishing's always fun. Top water. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. In late summer. Yeah. Watch him smash that. Oh, That's the best Big frog across A lily pad. Yeah. It's fun. Yeah, it's Fun. Have you ever done a, I probably would be a bad idea for you, but like, I put a green light under my dock in my house. Oh, wow. Dude. Cheat goat. Oh. And they all come to it. It's the coolest thing. Oh yeah. In the, in, in the spring in, You know, February through March, April, and then right now they're happening again.


The striped bass will school under it. Oh, whoa. And it's like, You know, you're catching four to 15 pound fish every night. Oh, that's awesome. Every night. And so I'll sit up at the house, stop cheating and I'll Yeah. No, seriously. So I'll be with a wife and she, we will have a glass of wine. I was like, all right, we'll go to bed. And I was like, well, I'm gonna go fish. She's like, you're going fishing now. I said, I'll be back. Don't worry. And Because you only get like two or three casts before they blow off the light. But you're going to catch two or three fish every night on the first two or three casts. Oh wow. Which is awesome. Well, That's a great way to get food. Yeah, no. So you're, you go catch a seven or eight pound striper, gut him, throw 'em in the ice and then do it. So I would literally fish catch my two or three fish. And sometimes I got 'em one of those fly fishing forms.


So you catch like a 10 pound stripe on a fly rod, which is badass. Dude, I went to Mexico once and we went mahi mahi fishing. Yeah. And then they cooked it within an hour of us catching it. Oh son. I was like, oh my God, this is so much better than any fish I've ever had before. And then you realize that the more time it waits after it's dead, it goes to supermarket, sits on a shelf, you lose all that. You lose it like the flavor of them Right. When they pull up. I'm like, this is the best fish I've ever had in my life. It's incredible. Yeah. It was so delicious. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the best. You, you need to get one of those, those green lights on your dock Sounds like fun. Oh man. Deep Glow is the one. Yeah. I'll send you the link for it. Okay.


It's super easy to do. And mine kicks on right before, before dark. Oh, nice. And or if you get up early. 'cause they have the longest time to school on it, and so they're like, everything's silent. You go out there and smash a couple of sun comes up, it's great. Oh, that's A good move. Oh, it's, it's, and then you kids too, Because It Makes you actually a bad fisherman. 'cause after that you're just like, I don't feel like going out. Like I'll just catch 'em tonight. Right. And then everyone starts like marking your spots and It's like, the guys out here that hunt over deer Feeders. Yeah. Yeah. It works. It does work. It works. But They, they'll tell you. It's like, well, we hunt. But yeah. It it's kind, it's kind of like farming. Yeah. It's fun. Yeah. It's just different. Yeah.


It's not elk. No, it's definitely, I mean, you're sitting down the whole day. Yeah. Waiting eating chips. It's good. It's a good time to check catch up with emails, talk to your friends. Yeah. Yeah. That's the, there's a lot of that. Like the ground blind guys. Yeah. Like to sit in ground blinds all day. Yeah. Yeah. It's a totally different Thing. I did it this morning. Yeah. It's Fun. I did it. Yeah. I enjoyed it. It was all, it was fantastic. It's a great way to pig hunt. Oh yeah. Yeah. You know, I stuck one, two nights ago. The thing about pigs out here too, is like, they actually have to hunt them. Yes. So like, you're, you're actually doing a service to the environment by getting food. Yeah. And if you get a good butcher that can turn that into sausage. Oh, it's fucking fantastic. Yeah. My actually, my little boy, he killed his first pig last week.


He's eight years old. What was it like when he ate it? It was also, we did it for Thanksgiving. What? He was like, wow. He's the, so super cool. So we yanked the backstraps out. We, I I marinated in Coke for like 6 36 hours. Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola. Really? Yeah. I kind of broke it down. I learned that from Jen Rivet. So she would do bear with like Dr. Pepper. No kidding. Yeah. And then did Oh, they know how To cook some bears Up there. Yeah. I mean, You know that work, You know. Yeah. So we did that and then like, made a kinda like butter and all this kind of cool kind of, kind of drizzly deal. Wrapped it in bacon, could wrapped pork and bacon and then put on the grill. It is freaking awesome. Do You know that guy? He's a cook. He is on YouTube.


What is it? His name Gga. GUGA. Is that Gga Foods? He's always cooking steak, like different ways to cook steak. Oh. But the other way he did it the other day was he marinated it and buttermilk. Oh, for like a week. What? Yeah. Took a steak, Marin and buttermilk for a week. And like when he pulled the steak out, you could see like the buttermilk was breaking the steak down. Oh yeah. That's at Gga Foods. That dude. See if you can find his buttermilk steak one. Oh man, he's Coke. Oh, he is a brisket. And Coca-Cola. This guy is every human way possible to cook a steak. This guy's done it. No way. Everything. What's your favorite way to cook a steak? I am a reverse here guy. Same. Yeah. I I got taught that by Chad from Whiskey Bent Barbecue.


He says that the best way, particularly for Wild Game. It's without a doubt. It's the best way for Wild game. Take it. And so here it is with Buttermilk. Oh. So he did it one for 24 hours and he did one of 'em where he, he sat in the buttermilk for a week and he said it was sensational. Maybe we wanna try duck. Yeah. Look at that. Oh Yeah. Buttermilk just pull. We do that with ducks afterwards and pulls out a lot of, lot of stuff out there. That's awesome. Yeah. This guy knows how to cook some fucking steak. Yeah. Let's do it. My way is, I like to use the, either Traeger or the best way, honestly, if I have the time, is I use a offset grill with the actual hardwood. Sure. So I'll cook, You know, get some live oak in there.


Yep. And I'll get it up to about 250 degrees. And then I'll put the stakes in there with meat meter thermometers. And I get it internally up to about one 20. Yep. And then either I sear it on a cast iron pan or I also have one of those infrared Yeah. Things. What are those called again? Fuck, they sent it to me. I should shout them out. I know who Sean Baker uses 'em all the time, but it's like a tray And it Sean's awesome And it's, it's, yeah, he's great. And it runs on gas and he just Yep. Slide it in there. And it's like an overhead grill. What is it called? Auto Wild Grill. Auto Wild. That's it. Auto Wild Grill. How About Sean being a freak for eating a bunch of meat?


Yeah. And being a giant person, 70 years old, he's fucking throwing insane weight around. No TRT. Wow. No, nothing. Box I remember Happened the throws days. Oh, do you really? Yeah, He used to compete. He's a big fucking dude. He's a monster. And he's very smart. You know. He is. And anybody who says that you can't only eat meat, you need to pay attention to him because that's all he eats. Yeah. And he looks super fucking healthy. Yep. And he's doing juujitsu and training and You know, he's, he's older than me. Yeah. He was at, he spoke at Summerstrong last year and came in and then he was deadlifting with everyone. He pulled like a six something deadlift and then like 400 for 25 reps or something like that. And he's just like, Hey, I'm gonna go have another steak. I'm like, and got me kinda on it. Eat Steaks all day long.


It's all he eats. He doesn't have to take vitamins, I don't think. I think he just eat Steak. I know you've done carnivore. I was actually, I actually called Sean about it 'cause I was like, all right, I need to like give this a whirl, but It's worth it. It's worth doing. Yeah. Yeah. It's legit. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't, what, I don't do it all the time. Sure. You know, I'll eat pasta if I feel Like It. I'll have vegetables if I feel like, but I would say 90% of my food is meat. Yeah. Meat or eggs. Meat or eggs. Yeah. I think that's the most nutrient dense food. Yeah. My body reacts better. It when I'm not running on carbohydrates, I'm running on ketones or You know, when your body processes protein and turns it into glucose. Which is like just more regulated for me.


Yeah. For me, You know, you do whatever you want. But I would say try it. If you're a person that eats meat, I would say give it a shot. Yeah. Just give it a month. One month I did one time I lost 12 pounds. I felt fucking great. I had all this energy and I was like, oh, okay. I'm poisoning myself. I'm like limiting my, limiting my performance. At least my mental performance. Right. Yeah. I started getting on it a month or two ago, just a bit. I was like, yeah, I'll give it a shot. I was eating a ton of venison, but gosh, I love blackberries. Blackberries and cottage cheese I think are like the weirdest thing that I just, I could eat it until I don't, there's anything wrong with fruit. Yeah. You know, that's like Paul Saladino. I, I eat fruit. So what Paul does is he incorporates fruit, honey, and raw dairy with meat.


Okay. And then Sean just eats meat. Yeah. You know, but I can't imagine an argument where fruit's bad for you. I would say don't eat all the fruit. Right. You know, that's the problem. Problem. I could Have a couple oranges or have a couple bananas or a bowl of blueberries with some yogurt. Why is that bad? It can't be bad. It can't be bad. Right. No, they're, they're good for you. They're, they're filled with vitamins. They taste good. It's like, it's also, it's enjoyable to eat a piece of melon tastes good. It's fun. Yeah. I, again, I'm not trying to be the goat at not eating blueberries. I think the number one thing is don't eat bullshit. And when you go on a carnivore diet, you are automatically cutting out a lot of bullshit. You're cutting out a lot of like enriched wheat and processed fucking grains and all this bullshit and you're cutting out pesticides that might be on your, your shit.


Yeah. And there's a lot of things you're cutting out when you're just eating steak. Yeah. Yeah. Do you eat a lot of whitetail or no? Yeah, Sure. Yeah. I mean, if I get one, sure. I have one in the freezer now. You 19 elk a Year? Yeah, I do. But I got an, I got two whitetails last year too. That's awesome. I turned 'em into sausages and Yeah. I, You know, cooked the back straps and butter and garlic. Oh, backstraps of butter and garlic. Dude. That's one that I, a lot of times I just like to cook on a, a cast iron pan. Yes. Yeah. Especially whitetail. There's something about, yep. Whitetail. Tenderloins with butter and garlic. That is Hard to beat that. That's my kid's favorite food.


So hard to beat. Yeah. That's Little salt garlic. Yep. Butter, Crack pepper. Oh. So stupid. Good. Oh my God. Yeah. So good. My, my son and I will eat like easily a full loin. Like he calls and you feel fantastic. Oh, it's Unbelievable. You feel like, you feel the vitamins and the meat, You know? Yeah. It's like, that's what an animal is supposed to make you feel like when you eat it. Yeah. White tail gets a, like a bad news. Like Oh, just a white tail. I mean, whitetails are great. People Are silly. Yeah, they are. Well People are so silly when it comes to, I know people don't even eat their elk. They donate their elk. Right. They go elk hunting and then they donate it to the church. It's a lot of work for, They just like to hunt. Which I, I mean, I guess Okay. 'cause you're providing people with free food And it doesn't go to waste, but it's the best food in the world and you're not eating It.


Like Yeah. The best. That seems so crazy to me. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I cook up every week. I cook up like a bunch of elk meat a bunch of different ways. Yep. And then I have it in the fridge. So that's my meal prep For the week. You eat cold. I saw that. Do you eat it cold Or cold with hot sauce? Is that, that's I to do that. The, I like to take a plate of plate. All right. Put some meat on there. Dump some hot sauce on the plate and just dip it in the hot sauce and cold. Any hot sauce and any specific


Well, I Like It hot. I actually have my own little collaboration that I did with Senior Lechuga. I saw that. Yeah. Yeah. It's three different hot sauces. One of 'em comes from my friend Andrew at a half face blades. He had one. It was so good. But I said can I include that? I include that one 'cause I'm doing a collab collaboration. We made an agreement. Yeah, sure. So it's Like, It has the half face blades logo on it as well. That's with sun dried peppers. I saw that. Tell you what all the stuff is. See go to the Senior Lechuga. So I made my son, I got Andy to make me a half face blade for me, my dad and my two boys. So they all matching. Nice. Oh nice. And the goal of it was you either carry your dad's or sons or your, or your brother's knife. So we all switch. Oh, that's cool. And I cut my, my son who's eight years old now, I cut his umbilical cord with his knife, which is Whoa. Yeah. Which is weird. I sent that to Andrew. That's heavy. Yeah, it was awesome. I rubbed his first drop of blood into the handle. Give him that knife. So heirloom tomatoes, winter truffle and reapers. Oh, now we're talking. Yeah. That's Andy's and that one fucking rules. That's but the other one's rule too. The habanero urfa chili paprika. That's a fucking banger. And, but these are hot, hot Sauces. Where can I buy these now? Senior Lechuga dot com. Okay. Sweet Senior Lechuga hot sauce.com rather. Awesome.


Had you ever done a a deer leg? It's hot if you can't. I'm not like a hot, hot. I'm not tasty. Not Hot. It's tasty. Okay. But it's gonna fuck you up if you're not ready. Like It really like that. Yeah. It's real. Like he, that that guy makes hot sauce. It's, it's got reapers in it. Yeah. It's like, it's legit. It, it, it kicks your ass. I sweat, my kids make fun of me. 'cause You know I'm bald. So like when I sweat it's just pouring down my face. Right. They're like, what is wrong with you? It is like, how about my sweater? How about, Have you, have you ever done a deer leg, like the FlipFlop style? Have you ever seen the, what do you mean Annie? Flip flop guy. Ah, I have to cook it for you sometime. So badass. So you get a deer leg with a shank still on it. Super hot grill.


Put it on the coals. Like, Well the grill's Like it hot as shit. Like Okay. 1100 degrees like cooking. Right. Blast it. So he has this special sauce and his, his granddad, I believe started It is a special sauce. That's like The way to flip flop. Flip flop. Yeah. Best way to grill venison. All right. Lemme see what you got. Yeah. So you basically get this sauce, you mix it with, you mix it with wine, you paint it with a rosemary brush, you salt and peppered it, and then you flip it. You just put it down on the grill. 30 seconds. Okay. While you're cooking that side, you're painting the other side salt and pepper in it.


And you flip it, you shave the first quarter inch. Ah. And then so that's, so the long as it takes you to shave the first quarter inch, repaint it res salt and pepper it. And then you flip it. And so when you're in it, you're in, you're going to consume an entire deer leg in the next hour and a half. And you're in the, you're in it. Oh, You know what that's like. It's So freaking good. It's like Brazilian steakhouse. Yeah, exactly. Like a two House Korea. But it just boom, boom, boom, boom. So we'll do it at parties. Oh. And you're like, you get a couple dudes, you get your boys and you're all drinking suburban. Oh, here. It's right there. Look at that. Yeah. And just slicing pieces off, Off. That looks so good, man. That looks sensational. It's ridiculous. Oh my God. He, he taught me how to do it and I've actually gone to a couple events and like helped him out. But I've cooked him at birthday parties and Oh, That's a great idea.


It's So dope. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm supposed to hunt with Ronella. Yeah. In March. Maybe we'll try that. Yeah. If you want me to know, I'll, I'll freaking cook One for you. Yeah, I'm sure you could do that with any other wild game too. Yeah. We've done it with sheep. We've done elk is kind of a monster. Well, it's Such a big leg. Yeah. But if you have a smaller sort Of that is, that's the, that's the move. And now you'll paint it. Ah, and then you'll salt pepper in it. Dig us knife like that so you don't burn your knuckles. That Looks fucking Great. It's insane. It's, And what is in the sauce again? He won't tell me exactly, but it's what the fuck. Come on Andy, get with it. He won't tell you, But it's, what of Bullshit is that? It has all kinds of, So there it is.


Two bottles of private reserve. Yeah. Are flagship sauce. Oh, it's the sauce. Well it's the sauce. One bottle of it won't tell you what's in the sauce. Right. One bottle of red wine Cabernet or Zinfandel will work depending on if you're non-binary salt and pepper to taste. One quarter cup to one half bottle of rosemary infused olive oil. That's the big boy. That's a big gap. Quarter cup to a half Bottle. It's like a gl glug. Yeah. And then you drink bourbon. Three to four loaves of french bread. Yep. Several sprigs of fresh rosemary. It's awesome. Sounds Pretty fucking good. Dude. It's BI think we did like three hours in 20 minutes. How long have we done up more? Three, three and a half. Three 30. Let's know Evan Hoefer. But dude, Time just flew By. That's super fun. It was a lot of fun, man.


Of fun.


Thank you very much. Thanks for your awesome equipment too. Thanks. I just tell everybody you outfitted my gym at home. It's fucking incredible. Thanks man. Keeps me from going nuts. It's the best. I I love all your equipment. It's fucking so fantastic. Thank you. You know what I use like almost every day. Is that Franken hyper? Yeah. That thing is so versatile back. Feeling Better. Oh, it's so great. It's such a good device. Because you can do reverse hypers, you could do back extensions. Yep. You could do sit-ups off of it. Yeah. You can do so many different things off of it. Well, I have a new module coming. We're relaunching it. So if you want, bring your old one here and I'll put the new one in your house. What are you gonna do? What is the difference? It has some, some assisted and resisted ability. So you could do some, some if you're not quite as strong, you're a comeback return to play. So there's some different stuff that you could do with it. I show. Oh, okay. Well you're very innovative man. Your stuff is really cool. Thank you. It means a lot. And you, you've also outfitted the whole U-F-C-P-I center. You go there, it's all soaring and shit. It's cool whenever I'm trying, man, I, whenever I go to a gym and I see Sorinex, it makes me feel happy. It's cool. I, I appreciate it. It makes, I, I'll be honest, it makes me feel really happy when I see you wear Sorinex shirt. It's like, man, that's dope. Like I Appreciate that. My pleasure brother. Thank you. All right. Website Sorinex dot com. Sorinex dot com. Dope. There it is. The U-F-C-P-I. That's all Sorinex equipment. Social media. What's your, what's your Instagram? I'm Bert Sorin. Alright. And there's the new machine, the X factor that we just got today here at studio. Alright, My brother, thanks very much.