
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day I go see this dermatologist. Oh, you're almost Skin. Yeah. A little excision here, Because it had been bothering me a bit. And a couple of years ago, I had a bit of a cancer scare on my head. 'cause I have, I have a birthmark here that you don't really see. And there was a mole there. And I kept, as my hair got a little thinner, I would, I, I would use a comb.


And it caught it one time And it opened it up. And So it, I I I, I kind of kept picking at it when it became a scab. And I kept picking over the course of this, like six months. And then I went see this dermatologist for the first time in LA and I said, yeah, I've got a little bit of a, You know, I've been trying not to scratch it now, but I'm a bit worried about it. It's been like six months of me being an idiot. 'cause it just was really irritable. And so she, You know, cut it out and sent it off. And I was at a pretty serious meeting with a whole bunch of people and she called me up at the end of it and said, listen, I sorry to tell you this, but it's, it's cancerous, You know, oh, we gotta cut it out.


Oh, we've gotta get it. And yeah, I just went completely numb at that point and freaked out because I just thought, what does this mean in, it's in the bigger picture. And I, You know, I had a lot of friends that have passed from cancer, various kinds over the years. And So it really did freak me out. Anyway, I got the all clear, it was cleaned out and so just anything that just looks weird, looks or feels a little odd, cut it off. And it was something I was, I'd been scratching here a bit and something here as well. So she just did a little cutting.


And no doubt I'll hear from her in a few days once she gets the results. That's scary Because it was in a spot that you don't check, You know, it's covered in hair and You know, what's going on back there. Yeah. But it was because of the birthmark and You know, I just, I just kept, and the thinning thinner hair. And So I just kept, You know, brushing it with a comb and, And it caught it, and then it scabbed and then I, it became itchy. And So I stepped, kept scratching it, You know, pulling, pulling it off like a kid, You know, as you do, as you just, anyway, I'm, I'm, I'm happy to be here. I'm happy here to one, one piece for the moment.


You know, I got one of those comprehensive blood panel screens for cancer recently. And then, You know, you wait a while for the results and you're like, geez. Like, what if I'm one of those people? I, yeah. I, I, obviously I didn't have anything, but Yeah, I have the, I have, You know, I go for a, the proper checkup like twice a year, You know, just to on every front, just to make sure I'm gonna be around. 'cause I like living. That's good. I wanna be around for a long time. That's good. I for sure. Yeah. It's a weird thing because, You know, how old do You know 61? Yeah, I'm 57 and we're getting up there, fella.


I don't like to think about it. I don't think about it too much. I I'm, I'm completely in denial. Absolutely. I refuse, You know, 'cause I, yeah. I just remember seeing my uncles, You know, my, on my mother's side, what they were like in their fifties alone, You know, and they'd be sitting there with a big belly in front of the TV with, You know, a couple of packets of cigarettes and drinking tea or beer and watching the TV all day. And it wasn their life in their fifties and sixties until they had a heart attack and died. And I went, no, I'm not doing that one. And I've just always been, not that I'm a health freak in any way, shape, or form, but I certainly, You know, my regime is try to eat as healthy as you can and do a bit of power walking a couple of times a week.


That's good. And that does the trick for me. Nothing Wrong with that. No. Walking is one of the best forms of exercise. Yeah. And if you can get it in every day, you'll be much healthier than if you don't. Absolutely. Absolutely. It's not hard To do. No, it's not. Listen to a book on tape. Go for a stroll. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. It's great for the body. Yep. You don't have to fucking kill yourself. No. And I, I, I've also, in my time, dealt with a fair amount of depression as well, and anxiety. I, I get pretty anxious still, even, You know, coming here today, I was a bit breathe. Really? Yeah. Yeah. So I went for a nice little power walk around the whatever the lake is down there, lady Bird.


The one where the bats are. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Lady Bird. I, I had no idea about. Have You seen them come out? No. Oh, it's cool. I had no idea. I'd never even heard of it. It's Really cool. The biggest bat population in the world. That's what, is that true? That's what they're saying. I Don't know if that's true. I think the biggest bad population in the world is in Africa, I would say So, I believe. Or, or the Amazon. But Yeah, I think it's a really large population though. And it's cool to see. Well, they, they come out. That's what it Looks like when they come out. Yeah. No, they, they, they claim there's, there's signage down there. Oh, really? Oh, yeah. That says it's the biggest bat population in the world. Hmm. Maybe it's a specific kind of bat. I don't know. Google, Where's the big, is It, it's definitely part of it.


Is this at sunset that this Happens? Yes. Yeah. Right. At nighttime. It's really cool. It's very fun to watch. And you hear 'em if you go onto the bridge, like if you walk on, you hear 'em. Yeah. It was there today. I, You know, I didn't hear that. Yeah. You can hear me now. Okay. They're just chilling. It's weird. But they're responsible for keeping the mosquito population down. Is that what that Yeah, They do a great job. Those little suckers. Fantastic. They, they Care. Take care of the Mosquitoes. Mosquitoes. Yeah. I don't what purpose do they have? Really Spreading horrible Diseases. Yeah. And sucking your blood. That and OG Gene. I don't understand the Obi genes either. Well, You know, they tried to develop a genetically modified mosquito.


It wasn gonna attack the other mosquitoes. Yeah. You know, they, but that horror movie type shit, You know, like, I hear about that. I'm like, okay. And what happens then? Like, whenever you start monkeying around with nature in that regard, And It, so nothing came of it, then I don't know what's been done with that. I don't know. It's like these people are doing these things And it can affect all of us. And you, You know, just read about it on the internet. And if it wasn't for the internet, you wouldn't even know they were doing it. It's like


this episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. There's a truly gripping new limited series coming to Netflix called American Prime Evil. It's starring Taylor Kitch and Betty Gilpin, and it's set in one of the most beautiful, brutal, and isolated parts of America in 1857. This is the story of rebellion, pain, hatred, fear, and ultimate survival as one woman's fights to save her son journeying through this unforgiving place. It's also directed by Pete Berg, my friend, and a previous guest on the podcast. Don't miss this one. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. I am all for getting your health back on track. You guys know how much I like to work out. It's important to take care of yourself, but it isn't just your physical health that you should worry about. As we head into the new year, you should also spend some time and energy on your financial health. And a good place to start is to get some identity protection from LifeLock. Your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake, to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package. In fact, restoration is guaranteed, or your money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/jre and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/jr. Terms apply.


Are you sure this is gonna be okay in the long run? Like, well, I mean, what, What, What's the potential chances for mutations? Like what, what, what happens if they carry a very unique disease that, You know, it's Something Well, I I, You know, You know, the scary thing is we have no idea what half of these people are up to. Well, we don't. Covid being an example. Yeah. Perfect example. Did you see what happened in Australia yesterday? There was a laboratory that lost track of, oh, I, I put it on Twitter. Lost track of like, a bunch of different, like really serious diseases. How does that happen? Someone left the door open. Yeah. I went once, me and my friend Duncan, we went once to the, the lab in Galveston, Texas.


They have a center for disease control, I believe is the organization has this enormous bio lab down in Galveston where they take care of like some of the most dangerous and deadly viruses in the world. So they have like this incredible filtration system and everybody's wearing spacesuits and they're walk and we're in there going, what are you guys doing? Hundreds of vials of deadly viruses have gone missing from a laboratory. And scientists wor they could be weaponized. So what are a hundred vials of heda virus? Two vials of heta virus. 223 vials of That's crazy vir.


All of which are extremely deadly for humans. And Of, of course, I love it when the media says, You know, something along the lines of the, of the end of that statement. That could be weaponized. Could be weaponized. Yeah. So that's great. Now all the freaks are gonna go and try and find that stuff. Yeah. Well it's, You know, we got into this mess in the first place because, and this has now been confirmed that they were working on these viruses in this laboratory, And it got released. And that these viruses had been created through gain of function research. So these goofballs are down there working on viruses, making them more infectious to humans. And it, you would say, well, why are they doing that?


Well, surely they're doing that so they can study them and they can cure them. They make sure that we don't get sick. Is that the logic? That's the logic. But they didn't have a cure for it. List viruses, rabies. Oh, great. Lists of virus responsible for rabies, which is ar arguably the deadliest ence virus. Known a disease, known the prototype, rabies less of Lysa virus thought to be able to infect all terrestrial mammals. Yay. Yay. God. What a good thing to just have laying around. I mean, that's like the opening of 28 days later, right? Yeah. That, Yeah. No's. There's a new One's. Have you seen the, the trailer for the new one?


There's a new one. 28 years later They do. No, come on. Yeah. Yeah. Sian Murphy's back. Let's Go. Yeah. I'm, I'm in. Count me in. That's The greatest. Oh, here it is. It's the greatest zombie movie of all time. For sure. Wait, sit here. What's going on? Gimme sit still, keep quiet and do not Move from this Spot.


7, 6 11, 5, 9 and 20 miles today. 4 11, 17 32, the day before. Boot, boot, boot, boot. Moving up and down again. There's no discharge in the war. Don't, don't, don't. It's all shut on my iPhone. Look at What's in front of You. That's what they said. I mean, not with the lenses. Boots moving up and down again. Men, men, men, men, men go mad with watching 'em. There's no discharge in the war.


If your eyes drop, they will get the top of you. Food, food, food, food. Moving up and down again. There's no cars in the wall. I was gonna stop there. Okay. Geez. I, I woke up relatively calm and peaceful this morning. Little Bit of pre podcast anxieties, You Know, and now you're worried about the end of the world. Geez. Welcome to the show. Thank you Very much. Thank you. I didn't know what to expect, but now I, I'm terrified of these egghead messing around with all these things.


I really am. Because it seems like what we know now is that there wasn't a ton of oversight. They, they shipped, they, they sort of went with the, the, so the NIH funds, the EcoHealth Alliance and the EcoHealth Alliance funds. The Wuhan Lab. The Wuhan lab, which has had many safety violations, including like, I think a year before the, the leak. And then it gets out, and then they all lie and then they all trade emails back and forth where they're talking about the lie. And they go in front of Congress and they lie. And now there's, they're talking about giving fauci a mass. Pardon? A, a preemptive pardon? So he doesn't get charged When the Trump, that's crazy. It's a whole thing is, and then they, there's another one today where the Biden administration is keeping the emergency classification of Covid to 2029 so that they can avoid being attacked for the Emergency Use Authorization Act.


It's so creepy stuff because there's, there's money. It's all money, right? Of there's money involved in this. Of, there's the, these people that are working on viruses. Well, the way to get funding is you have to work on viruses. So whether or not they're, I don't think they're evil people, but I think these people, this is what they studied in college. This is what they went to university for and now they're studying it. And what's the best way to study it? You gotta actually have to have funding. You have to have a lab. Yeah. Yeah. And you start doing it. And so who do you do it for? Well, you do it for the defense department. You know, like, 'cause they want to work on weaponizing viruses. And this is a real thing. And this is one Of Oh, that, that's one of the scariest things on Fucking terrifying. I did a television show once where we talked to this guy from Russia and from former Soviet Union where he was talking about how they had literally like giant vats of anthrax.


They had enough anthrax to literally kill like every fucking human being in America. And that they were working on viruses and all these deadly Diseases. I mean, to be honest with you, I'm quite surprised we're still here. It's pretty shocking With what's already happened and what the potentials are. It's staggering. Well, If you think about all the things that we've gone through where we just barely missed a total disaster, the Cuban Missile Crisis. And then there was the one time where there was an ARMRA. They thought that the United States had launched a missile at Russia and there were very close to responding. Yeah. It was just a glitch. Yeah. And one guy, just one clearheaded person decided not to launch.


Yeah. And this is in the sixties. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. This Is all, it's so terrifying. Yeah, We we're, we're so close all the time. Really. That's why one should just try and have a happy life wherever you can. That's for Sure. The problem with that is, if you don't speak up the, and if no one reacted to any of this COVID-19 stuff. Yeah. No one reacted to the Orwellian censorship complex. It wasn established to try to silence people who are critical of the narrative that they were pushing. Sure. We would all be fucked. Like you kind of have to pay attention now. Unfortunately, I don't want to No, I agree.


I Wanna just have fun. I live My life. Yes. Be with my family and my friends. No, of course. Enjoy myself. Of course we all do. But Oh, it's, it's good to be aware. No question about that. And But there that, there, there's also this part of me that goes, yeah, but this is what the, this is what the universe provides you with the universe provides you with this very unique balance of good and evil. And it, the, the evil exists to appreciate the good. Oh, yes. And to motivate the good, No question. And there's always going to be both. It just seems like there's always going to, until we reach some enlightenment till Jesus comes back till the aliens land. Well, it's That, that thing called balance, isn't it? Yeah. Trying to do the balancing act as best as you can.


Yeah. What do you do? Like, what's your balancing routine like, if you feel like you're getting a little sideways? I, i hate to say it, but, or, but it's back to getting out into the fresh air and walking. Yeah. I, I mean that really does, or, or even photography. You know, just being, I actually, my number one go-to is I, I'm a biker. I've been a on motorcycle since I was, like in my early teens. So to blow the, to, to really blow the cobwebs out. It's kind of getting on the bike and just riding somewhere I've never been before. Yeah. I'll just look at a map and go, that looks interesting.


And I just go, and that looks Like so fun if I was bulletproof and made outta metal. Have you Scared of motorcycles? Really? Well, it's the other people, this thing always say That's Exactly right. You know? Yeah. But you have to, I, I believe you have to have a heightened awareness to, to be a biker and still, oh, Most certainly. Do you have a loud bike so people could hear it at least? Yeah, I've had a few loud ones in, in like a Harley. I, I used to have Harley. I, at the moment, I ride a triumph, a couple of triumphs. Oh, nice. One that looks like an old school, but actually works. And then I thought I was never gonna be one of those guys that ever kind of rode one of those fifties No.


The sort of adventure bikes, You know? Oh, with Like the saddles with the Boxes and Yeah, yeah. Kind of. Yeah. But the relative half fairing. But, but I, I, I, when I go for a ride and these random rides, You know, I can be gone up in the mountains for, with no signal for three and a half, four hours, You know. And that there has been an occasion or several in, in the past where without a signal the bike has had problems. And it gets pretty scary. You're, when you're in the wilderness and you've got no backup plan. I, I had an oil leak with a, with a, with a brand new bike and no signal.


And I literally rolling down any hill I could just to survive, make it to whatever little village I could find in the middle of nowhere. Where were you? I was in, in, in France. Oh, wow. So I, I tend to go up in the wilds back there. And So I, I, I decided also my backside after three and a half hours on one of the older style bikes is pretty painful. Mm. So I just happened to look at one of the triumph adventure bikes and what do they Look like? Can you tell us? What is That it? So that's, that's what my old bike looks like.


That's, that's actually my old bike with my old friend riding it. And that's the one where your ass kills after a couple of hours. But, So I, yeah, those are the kind of views I get. Those are in the middle of nowhere. Are these your photographs? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah. These are just quickies on, on my phone. Just the places I find myself in, in the middle of nowhere. I mean, stunning, stunning, stunning places. And they're not far from, from where I am on the coast. Ah, that's beautiful. And they're kind of on the border with Italy, so it's pretty unique stuff.


Where do you live? I, I, I officially live in Monaco. Oh, wow. I was just there. I was there last summer. Yeah. Oh, Shit. Okay. Well, that, it's Really beautiful. It's, it's not a bad place to be, But a weird spot. It's a weird spot. It spot It's what's going on here? Why is everybody stacked up in apartments right here? It's very transient. You know, people come and go for whatever reason that they do. And I mean, most people like myself, You know, we have, we have a kind of summer house getaway, so you can go breathe on the weekends. Isn't it kind of a tax shelter place Too? Yeah. Oh, very much so. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, there's A lot of real rich folks go there to Yeah. Oh, for Sure. Afford their cash, For sure.


But there's a few new places around the world that offer that kind of possibility. Oh, really? Like where else? Well, Dubai's offering certain incentives now, Portugal. Certain incentives. Yeah. Dubai has like no income tax. Right? I've never been there personally. Is that the fact? Is that a fact? I think it is. I'm not a hundred percent sure. Yeah. But I have a friend who just moved to Dubai. He's American and he's a filmmaker, and he says, I feel so safe. Yeah. That, well, that's one element of it. It there's no crime as long as you're not doing anything bad. He said You could leave a Rolex on the ground. Oh yeah. And someone will pick it up and turn it to the police. Yeah. I'm, I'm sure UAE does not levy income tax on individual.


However, it levies a 5% value added tax on the purchase of goods. And Huh. That's pretty reasonable. Yeah. Levied at each stage of the supply chain and ultimately born to the end consumer. Wow. Fairly reasonable. Yeah. Yeah. So, although I, I, it's never inspired me so far. No. Anyway. Well, there's a lot of like, wild restrictions over there. Oh, Yeah. And I, and I, I like a bit of character with where I am, You know? Yeah. And I, I, You know, one of the, one of the pleasures I find is, number one, I'm a biker, So I get to ride around a lot. I'm not really a beach guy. After 20 minutes I start twitching. I need to do something.


It's true. But I'm also a foodie as well. Mm. So, You know, monaco's half an hour away from Italy. Yeah. And there's a, there's actually a big crossover in the restaurants between French and Italian food. Oh, wow. And then you have places like the island of Corsica, which is French now. It's been through the mill a few times. It was English at one point. It was Italian at one point. It's I think a few other nations do. But I, I, and I could see it from where I was, you can actually see the outline of Corsica from the south of France and from Monaco in certain locations.


And I'd seen it for 25, 30 years and had never been. And a couple of years ago, I decided with a friend to hop in. I've got little mini convertible, and that's my little run around and decided to get the ferry, which is about six hours across and drive, You know, with no bookings, no nothing. And just see if there was a hotel available. And, and drove around the whole island in 10 days. And it was the mo one of the most magical places I've ever, ever been to. It's like 10 countries on one island. The, the, the scenery is mind blowing. And the, the south of it is very much like the Caribbean, crystal clear, turquoise, blues, blue waters.


But the food, again, is this combination of it, the best of Italian and the best of French. Wow. And just the freshest of the freshest of the fresh. And I've only been down there about two or three times. 'cause this was only a few years ago. And I couldn't believe that it's, and here's the other thing. Okay. The ferry's six hours, but you can get a, on what they call a vomit comet, it's like a very short flight. You know, you could be there in the south of Kska from, from nice airport in 45 minutes. And it's a different world. It's an entirely stunning, gorgeous, different world with, again, scenery unlike I've ever seen before.


Oh. And for, for such a small island, which you can, yeah. Yeah. Is it here? Oh, oh yeah. I I mean, it's just insanely, insanely beautiful. And that's bon fasio. Yeah. They, You know, they're renowned for being, they can be a bit of a, You know, tough nuts In what way? You know, if they don't like you, if you piss 'em off, excuse my French, they'll blow up your house. I mean, there was a report a couple of years ago that this guy's house, that he was causing some trouble and they didn't want him around, and they blew up, blew up his house And it on fire and blew it up.


I'm serious. Well, I guess if you live in a small place like that, that's really amazing. You're probably very protective of someone coming along and ruin you. They're exactly like that. I, I mean, if you don't, I get that. If you don't respect them, You know? Yeah, I Get That. Yeah. No, I, well, Whenever people say, like, if you go to France, they're very rude. I get it. I've gone to France. I didn't think they were rude, You know, but I get how there's some Americans like hopping right off the cruise ship that are just fat and stupid. There's just, You know, I think if you're not prepared to be warm and friendly right. On, on, on the approach and, and treat them with the re the respect that they deserve in their own country, treat Like you are a visitor.


Yeah. And You're thankful to be there. Yeah. You know, don't order them around. Yeah. Don't tell 'em what to do. And, and You know, even though, You know, they think it's quite funny that you try and speak their language. I mean, You know, I, I can understand French pretty well and Italian and a few other things, but, You know, God help me if I try and speak it, because they'll just, they don't laugh at you, but they'll speak back to you in English. You know? Right. It's, that's the wonderful thing about English is That there many, at least make the effort, is what I'm saying. Sure. You Know, show show them that you're trying. Show them that you're trying. Yeah. Yeah. And They, same mercy, They, they kind of got Yeah, yeah. Say that and just thank you Yeah. Alone, You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Don't just order them around. Which I, I've seen many people do. And it's, it's a bit shocking. You gotta be able to say a few things. Yeah. Simple. And just let 'em know that you're, you're trying. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I go to, I try to go to Italy every year. We, me and my family, we, we go there every year and I love it. It's just, so where do, where do You, where do you Head in instant? My favorite place is Revello. Where Is that? I don't, Revello is on the Amalfi Coast. Okay. Okay. Yeah. It's just so, so beautiful. But I've liked Rome too. It's a little touristy. The problem with Rome is it's overcrowded and there's a lot of touristy shit going On. Yeah. Rome is not my favorite.


I, the reason why it's so appealing to me is 'cause my, actually, my first stepfather was Italian Roberto Sini. That's pretty Italian. Oh. He was very Italian. And he was the black sheep of the family. He was the naughty boy. And he was more like an older brother to me. Mm. Married to mum after dad, after John and his family were involved in kind of hotels and restaurants from also London, in the heyday of Italian restaurants was like the seventies. Mm. And, and so they had a few small hotels in different areas.


And so whenever I wasn't at school in London at that, You know, or England at that time, we'd take these little trips to, You know, Cortina or above Milan. There's a little town called that. I used to go unknown by most tourists. Locals to go skiing in, in the winter. Or ero, which was on the East coast on, for, for summer holidays. So I, You know, I, I spent a lot of time there growing up from the age of 5, 6, 7. She was only with him for about three or four years. But we stayed in touch, You know. And I used to go and visit him all the time.


'cause he, he was, he was a laugh, You know? Of course his, sadly, his lifestyle killed him. Yeah. With a couple of heart attacks at the end of everything. That's Usually how it goes when you're having a good time. Yeah. He was having too much of a good time. I, I'm afraid. But I miss him dearly. He certainly was, You know, one of those characters that you just, You know, you admired. When I go to Italy, it feels like almost immediately you have like a decrease in blood pressure. Yes. Like, almost immediately. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's like the vibe of the people and the way they live is just relax. They can be a bit stressed sometimes though, with the shouting at each other and the, You know.


Yeah. But even then, it doesn't seem like shouting, like, American shouting leads to violence. Yes. This is true. I hear American shouting. I'm like, let's get the fuck outta here. Yeah. Yeah. Agree to agree. I hear Italian shouting. Right. What happened? Did someone in the kitchen fuck up? Like what hap what Went wrong? Yeah. I mean, I, I don't wanna sound pompous, but it does sound pompous that, You know, I, if I have friends come over from the States or London and I, You know, I'll say, do you fancy, You know, get some Italian tonight and we'll get in the car and we'll be on the freeway or the motorway over there. And they go, they'll be saying, where the fuck f are we going? You know? And I'm going go for Italian. And there's a little town about an hour away from Monaco kind, tiny little medieval town called, well, I'll give it away.


Actually can't give it away. Well, I'll just go and get the best spaghetti vole on the planet made by a grandmother who's in a ru who's in a kitchen, You know, 10 by 10 at the best of times, You know, with all, and, and it's, it's down on the water and it's just, You know, it's Italy for me, if you're not in the mountains, if you buy the sea at its best. Mm. And You know, they all get dressed up at sunset. You know, they all love to walk the promenade and, You know, in their finest attire and, You know, sit there and watch the world go by and drink their coffee and chat. Yeah. And I, You know, I, 'cause I lived in LA for, I think it was about eight years.


And I went back. I, the story of me going back actually was that I was, I flew back to London to see a premier of a film called Backbeat. It's about the early Beatles. I didn't know anything about it, but I had an invite. So I went to see it and I met this guy who said, who's a, a line producer, film producer. And he said, You know, do you, have you been to Monaco before? I said, no, I've never even thought about it. Really? And he said, he said, do you like Grand Prix? I said, not really. A kind of Grand Prix kind of guy.


He said, well, listen, if you've got nothing to do this weekend, after, You know, we saw the film and the premier, You know, why don't you come down? I've got an apartment, I've got an extra room. I know the town inside out, You know, and I was thinking, oh, what am I gonna do? Go back to LA and be numb again. And So I literally went down to Monaco that af the next day. And he, he just showed me around. And we went to this very famous restaurant on Famous Corner called the RACA Corner on the Grand Prix circuit. And it's literally where you are having a prawn cocktail.


And there's a car coming at you at about 180 miles an hour with just a chicken wire fence in front of your face, You know, going how far away? I mean, directly in front of you. I mean, the, the car could be, so this is it right here. Yeah. That's not the Raska Corner. That's the Lowe's corner. Raska Corner is very, very famous little spot. There it is. Yeah. That's it. So you'd be behind the chicken wire fence. This is a kind of modern version of it, but that's even more protection than it used to have. And you'd have a bit of lunch there. And they would, and that became, it wasn the hotspot in Monaco for years and years.


There were three brothers that owned it. Real troublemakers. And it, it, it was a blast. But, so you had the car. So I went, alright, I'm into this. And So I spent the summer down there and I used to have a little bungalow on Mulholland and Cold water. And I had a caretaker there. 'cause I had a dog at the time. And I just said, hi, Tim. Pack it up. Sell the house. I'm not coming back. And I didn't, I didn't go back. Did you take your dog? The dog actually died before I, I, yeah.


Sadly it was getting on. But, but yes. You said, fuck it, moving him out. Yeah. That it wasn it. Yeah. Wow. I just, I just put everything in storage. I rented this kind of, what could be seen as a Miami Vice kind of apartment. How so? On, on the third 30th floor, it just had marble and a, a mirrored wall with no furniture. And So I bought a couch off of the floor of a store called Habitat. 'cause it would take like six weeks to order.


And I had nothing. And So I had, I bought like a couch. I bought a tv even though there was no English TV back then. This is 30 years ago. And I just had a trunk to put the TV on. Occasionally you get American movies and a, a mattress on the floor. And I lived like that for 10 years. Wow. And just, and just was really stupid. Did you enjoy it? I was just stupid. Did you enjoy it? I had, I had two. I've I've had two, well, I've had three major, well, no, four. It's like the Spanish Inquisition. Four major incidents now. I, I mean, London back in the day, used to be a great place to, to party and enjoy.


And then I moved to New New York for a few years. Early in my career, in my early twenties. And, but I almost, I think I almost died there with the partying that went on and the clubs back in that, that, that, that, hey, the heyday then. And it was Celebrity Central, You know, with the likes of the Limelight, with Alice Cooper and a few other fruitcakes. And then, and then I, I really did feel like I was, You know, I could have, I could have gone off the rails. Yeah. Yeah. Easily. I was border the line. I enjoyed it too much. And then I went out to LA and a friend of mine had a convertible.


And we just drove across Mulholland, down to Malibu. And I went, fuck, this is gorgeous. What the hell am I doing back? So I moved to la I packed up and moved. And that's, I did exactly the same thing. I found a place to, to live. And I just, You know, was there until I could get myself situated. I think I met you in LA Are You serious? In 1993. That's a good possibility. That would've been middle, mid to end of my term out there. I was doing something for MTV. And you were one of the first celebrities that I met you. I met Rico Suave and a couple Of other people. Shut the front door.


Yes. Yeah. Because yeah, I was, yeah, early in on the MTV stuff, the, the label I was with was pushing whatever, You know, throw me on whatever was available. I Was with this woman who was an executive at MTV and she was taking me around and showing me la You know, I'd never been to LA before. And, well, I'd been once for a martial arts competition when I was young. Here was, and she took me to this nightclub. And you were at the front door about to get in. And I was like, holy shit. There's Jillian Moon. You don remember which one. It was Weird. No, I don't, I remember very little about it. Was I with some Fruitcakes?


I'm sure I was, I don't remember. I just remember like, oh, that's a famous guy. Wow. John Lennon's son. Crazy. Because, You know, I was coming from New York. I was of course 25, 26 years old. I didn't know anything. And I was like, this is so strange. It was just strange to me to be in these like, Hollywood parties with this MTV executive who's taking me around and showing me all this stuff. Oh yeah. She was just kind of like, introduce you. Like, this is what it's like. Yeah. This what everybody does. They go out, they go out to the clubs And it was just, Yeah. Yeah. The scary, well the scary thing about LA was that you thought it was all over by two o'clock, You know, because they literally pull your drinks at one 30, but then they go to someone's house. Right. And they continue till dawn, You know?


Yeah. So it wasn dangerous too. Yeah. So I was happy that I got away from that. Fortunately, I avoided all That. Yeah, you're lucky. Yeah. I mean, there was, there was some fun to be had. No, no question about it. But I'm sure a lot of it was kind of dark too. Yes. I'm sure. Well that's when you, when you start adding cocaine to human beings, you get Darkness. Oh yeah. And a lot of Jack Daniels too. They go hand in hand. Yes. Yeah. I avoided all that. Luckily when I moved to la I, I'm one of those people that's like, I, you were out there, See where that's going. How long were you out there for? I guess 30, well, no, not quite 30 years.


26 years. 'cause I've been here for four. That's A stretch. Okay. The most, yeah. The most of my life. The most I've ever lived anywhere I lived there, but I only went to parties like a handful, very small handful of times. It was like I was dragged to him. Yeah. You know, like the last one I was dragged to was Naomi Campbell's birthday party, which was In this, I'm sure it wasn It was insane. Yeah. It was with Dave Chappelle. So Dave and I were at the comedy store, and You know, Dave knows everybody. Yes. Dave's like, Hey man, there's a party up in the hills, you want to go? And I was like, I don't want to go to any fucking parties. Yeah. He's like, come on man, I wanna go alone. So I said, okay. So me and Dave, we drove all the way up.


It was like a scene in a movie. Yeah. Because like, here's me and my super famous friend and we're my Porsche and we're my race car of a GT three. So we're driving up in the hills, and then we have to stop at this place. And then you have to get on a shuttle. Okay. Yeah. And then you get to the house, and then you get on an elevator, an outside elevator that takes you from the main house to the party house. Right. So they had a party house on the top of this hill. So we're up in this elevator with Demi Moore, which is weird as it is. Yeah, yeah. You know, I'm like, hi. You know, it's fucking weird. Hi famous lady. Yeah. And then we get to the top of this hill and it's just everybody famous. It's Lenny Kravitz and all these different people.


Yeah. And so, Naomi Campbell, there's a photograph of her on the, the side of the hill that's literally 50 feet tall. This enormous naked photograph of her. Of course. You know, 'cause it's her birthday. Well, Of course She's unbelievably beautiful. Still as old as she is. I dunno how old she is, but she looks sensational. So we get to the top of this place, we're hanging out. It's very weird. It's very weird. And then Dave pulls me aside, he goes, man, I wouldn't wanna be this famous. I go, Hey man, you're the most famous motherfucker here. He goes, Really? Oh yeah. Yeah. 'cause we were a little high. He goes, really? I go, a hundred percent. You're the most famous person here for Sure. For This is, we were just laughing like, this is so crazy. And then we got out of there and went right back to the comedy store.


We're like, oh, I can't do this. Yeah. Yeah. It's just too strange. The the scenes are pretty weird out there, that's for sure. Well, it's also these celebrities, they don't, they can't hang out with regular people. I think they feel too weird. So I think they try to get together. Yeah. And so we were in like a That's Absolutely You're spot on A vampire den. Yes. Of famous people. You are absolutely spot on. That's true. They call it, like, he said, it was like an eyes wide shut party. I'm like, that's what it feels Like. It feels Like you're in a secret fraternity. No, that's, yeah. There's a few that I've left that I felt very uncomfortable being at. Like, what? Well, I, I mean, I can't, couldn't tell you exactly where and when, but certainly some weird ones up in the hills.


So I just went, nah, this Yeah. Just doesn't Feel good. There's something about the act of going up into the hills. Like you're going to the layer, the dragons layer. Well, the, the, one of the things was the fact that, well, I mean, now you've got Ubers all over the place. But yeah, back in my day, there was no taxis around either. So you'd get trapped. Oh. And then you'd figure, well, I'm here anyway, You know? Yeah. You can't Get out. Might as well have another drink. And that's what would happen more often than not. But yeah. So it's, it's yeah. Kind of better not to, Definitely better not to, but maybe go a couple times.


Yeah. Just So you realize. Go, go and check it out. Yeah. You don't wanna do that. Yeah. Go and see what that's all about. Yeah. Yeah. Many people have lost Their time. It's messy though. Oh, yeah. They've lost their time to those places. It's very messy Because It becomes a part of your life and your lifestyle. It's deeply unhealthy. Both, it's physically unhealthy, but it's also like spiritually unhealthy. Yeah. It's a weird way to spend your time. Been there, done that. Thank you very much. Yeah. You look fine. You got through It. Yeah. No, I did, I did get through it. But Don't you think it's good to just know though? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Not the way to do it. No. If I, I think if you don't know, You know, you can't, you, you can't talk about it.


You can't, you can't understand. Right. That weird journey that you go through. Yeah. I think you have to do certain things sometimes just to realize what it's all about. Well, LA is, so it's that balance thing. It's the light and the dark, You know, LA's so particularly odd too, because everyone's chasing this very specific goal of notoriety. Like it's success. But success is, it's quantified by notoriety. Like, the more famous you are, the more popular, the bigger your song is. But even now, You know, all you've gotta have is a bloody iPhone. Yeah. Or Whatever. TikTok And an account.


And that's it. I mean, very Strange. Yeah. Really, really odd, You know? Yeah. I, I, I can't quite get to grips with all of that, to be honest with you. I don't think anybody can. And I think it, it's essentially being captured by a form of technology that has leveraged our desire for this attention, our desire for this notoriety. And, But it's also being known for nothing. Right. Yeah. You know, that's the scary thing. Yes. And, and, and, and having this element of, of what seems to be the latest generation of this privilege. Right. You know? Right. Where they believe that, You know, everything is owed to them.


Right. And I entitled that. Entitled. Yeah. Yeah. And I find that shocking, You know? Well, that comes along with the, the quest. Right. If the quest is just notoriety, like if you're an artist and you happen to get famous because everybody loves your music, or loves your photography, or loves your, your books or whatever it is, that's a different sort of an relationship because people love you for what you've made, what you've produced. Yeah. There's a purpose to It. Yeah. And I love people like that because I'm fascinated by people that are able to create things that resonate with everybody or resonate with an enormous amount of people. Yeah. It's, it's fascinating to be around them and to like, to kind of just, You know, I know a lot of famous people now, and I know some of them are just fantastic people.


Yeah. They're really interesting people who have Well, you, you have very interesting people on your show. That's for sure. I mean, that's what intrigued me, You know, from, You know, professor Brian Cox, You know, who I'm an absolute fan of. I had of He's amazing, amazing Meeting him. What? Such a nice guy too. Lovely guy. Mind blowing, mind blowing. Just too much information for, for for my good. It's so funny. I was talking about him with a friend of mine the other day, and my friend wasn't aware of him and I, I had just done a podcast with him and So I, yeah. And I'd gone to the club from the podcast. I'm like, oh my God, I had the greatest podcast. This guy blew my mind. Yeah. I've had him on several times and he's always amazing. And, and my friend looks at the pho. He goes, what does it look like?


I, I pull up, he's like, is that guy in a fucking band or something? I go, yeah, he wasn't a band. That's right. That's right. He's like, no way. Yeah. Yeah. He's in a successful band. Yeah. He's an actual brilliant scientist who was in a successful band. Yeah. Yeah. Mind boggling. Mind bog. I mean, I doesn't compromise because He looks like a rock star. He does. He does. He's, yeah. He's not changed his look since the beginning. And he's such a great science communicator. Well, That's the thing. See, I love science, but I get lost in it sometimes. But he is probably, probably the closest I'll ever get to really trying to have an insight into what it's all about, You know? Well, he's best as he can describe it, He's really good at explaining to people that don't have the proper understanding, which I don't, of all, all the terminology and all the ways they discover he can lay it out for the lay person.


Yeah. Which, which is why he's so fascinating, which is why everybody should know him. Yeah. His show is wonderful too. Have you ever seen a show? They do a live performing No, I have not. No. Enormous screens. And they show you like, history of the universe and stellar nurseries and all this wild stuff. Yeah. It's really incredible stuff. No, fantastic. Yeah. Fantastic stuff. Yeah. I've, I've been very fortunate in that way that I've had a chance to talk to so many extraordinary people and it's great. But it makes talking to boring people almost painful. Like, like, like you're just holding your breath. Well, I, I don't know which category I'm in. So you're not In the boring kind.


No, no. Well, I can be, I think we all can be, I guess at some stage, but, Well, just the fact that you're willing to do what you've done just to take these trips and just move to a place, I think that's great. I think people need more of that in their life. I think you could see the world from your neighborhood and from where you live and get a really distorted sense of this experience, this very unique experience of these bizarre thinking creatures interacting with each other on this isolated planet that's hurling through the universe. Yeah. And you could think that you kind of understand the experience until you go to other places. Well, I see, I see you're a big fan of Bourdain as well. Yeah. And I loved his show, So I still watch 'em all the time because he is the best.


It's just what he discovered and how he entrenched himself with the people that, You know, he went to meet and the, and the conversations and the food. Just, that's my cup of tea right there. You know? I think how can you not want to do that? Learn and love that experience, You know? Well, he had such a like, infectious passion for different cultures and their food and the art of food. Like, he was the first guy that made me consider that cooking is actually an art form. Like, I kind of knew it, but I didn't think of it. I kind of just said, oh, delicious food. Awesome. Oh, this guy's a really great chef. Right. Awesome. Yeah.


And then I watched his first show, no Reservations. Like, oh, okay. Duh. It's art. Yeah, it's art that you eat. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's why they're all weird and now have tattoos and fucking weird earrings. Yeah. Okay. They're artists. Yeah. Okay. That makes so much sense. And I was like, oh, you ignorant. Fuck you. Like you had never put it in that category for, So I just like decided. No, that's just food. But no, there's a, there's an art to Food. It's another level. Yeah. Like the place you were talking about linguini with clams. Linguini. Vle. Which is my favorite dish of all time. Spaghetti vany. Oh, when It's done. Right. Well, You know, I promise that if you ever come back to Monty, as we call it, I'll drive you.


Oh, I'll go. We'll go. We'll, we'll go for spaghetti Vle and hope the Dear Grandmother's still alive. It also makes me angry because when I eat pasta and pizza over in Italy, I don't feel like shit. And then I come to America and I eat the same supposed things and I feel, Listen, I can, I can eat a frigging salad here and put on weight. I dunno what's going on. I'm serious though. Yeah. It's seed Oils. I'm absolutely seed oils in the salad dressing and sugar And It Yep. All of that. All of that. I, yeah, I, I agree. I live, it's a much healthier lifestyle over there without question. Oh yeah. The food, the food hasn't Been violated. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's true. It's generally organic.


You can eat pizza every day and pasta every day. Yeah. Just, and also that, I think the other real big thing here is the portion control as well. Yeah. We're gluttons. I mean, you could, you can have one plate full of food here and it'll serve four people in Europe. Yeah. Literally. Oh yeah. That's a fact. I think, You know, I was poor when I was young, and I think because of that I'm more, even more of a glutton. Yeah. 'cause I just want more food. Right. I want all the food. Yeah. Yeah. And then I work out a lot, so I'm always hungry. Yeah. So then I I I have a real food. That's a different thing though, You know? But yeah. I mean, the only thing that keeps me from being fat is my exercise routine and discipline.


Yeah. Because if I was just giving into my whims, I'd be 500 pounds. Yeah. Fucking for sure. I just love Food. Yeah. It's, it's, You know, it's, especially when You go to a different culture is No of, You know, if you go to somewhere and like, you can go to Thailand and eat authentic Thai food in Thailand, it's like, oh man. Oh yeah. There's something special about It. And it's great when you've got friends who have that same appreciation that, You know, while you're eating lunch, you're talking about dinner. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. It's, that's how excited you are about food. And it's also, it just re-align your priorities. Like what are, what really are you trying to get out of life? You're trying to get outta life, memorable experiences with people you care about.


Yeah. Those are like the best moments In life. Yeah. No question. No question about it. Yeah. Yeah. I, I long for that, You know? Yeah. Because also I, I go on these very long working time periods and I don't get to see a lot of friends quite often, You know, and So I, I I, I really try and work out and look at the, my schedule these days go, I, I'm taking some time out here for a couple of days. I, I want to see my friends. I wanna say hello, I wanna share some time and stories and food with them, You know, so it's become a key thing to have that included in running around like a headless chicken all the time, You know? Is That what inspired your photography?


'cause this book is really excellent. Your photography is Great. Thank you. I, You know, it was a dear friend, Timothy White, who's a celebrity photographer, and he'd done my second and third album. And we were doing a charity single called Lucy, which was about Lucy vod and who was the Lucy in the sky with Diamond that I grew up with who died from Lupus. And then I became the lupus, the, the ambassador for the Lupus Foundation of America. And we were doing a single to raise money called Lucy.


And we were doing with a, another great artist called James Scott Cook. And we were doing a photo shoot, and he'd sent me some pictures and I started screwing around with his pictures. And, and he said to me, and you don't, you actually don't do that with another photographer's work, You know, he said, what, what the fuck are you doing with my pictures? I said, he said, where did you learn how to do this? I said, well, I, I didn't, I just, You know, I I'm intuitively inspired to, to play around with stuff, You know, it's, I'm still a big kid. So, and he said, well, do you have any other, do you have other photos? Do you actually have photos yourself that you've taken and worked on?


I said, well, I've got bits and bobs, but nothing. So he, he and I sat down and looked through all the photos I had, and he, and I think it wasn maybe a thousand at that time, which isn't much at all. I'm now over 120,000 photos. It's mind boggling. That's why this was difficult. But yeah, so he, he said, Jules, why don't you do something with this stuff? And I said, like, what, what, what am I gonna do? And he said, listen, you should do an exhibition. You've got some really beautiful things here. And I said, I said, listen, I'll do it. I'll do it if, if, if, if you mentor me through the whole process, which he did.


And, and I, I was probably more petrified at the first exhibition that I did, which was in New York at the old CBGBs, which turned into the Morrison Hotel Gallery, and it wasn in 2010, I think. And I, I was more petrified the three days leading up to that than I was ever going on stage really. Well, prob probably my first ever stage performance. Why? Which I did in Dallas at, at rehearsal space. It wasn down here for the first ever tour. Now I, again, the anxiety, You know, it's the unknown.


I dunno what, You know, the worry of what people are gonna think because, You know, not just being you but John Lennon son, You know. Right. Being the second John, so to speak, was always an issue for me. You know, it's feeling like you have to doubly prove yourself. Mm. So, and, and literally an hour or two before the opening as well, there was the most horrendous storm and downpour in New York. And I thought, well, that's it. No, nobody's come in. But my, to my utter delight, I had reviews from fine art, photography, magazines, et cetera, et cetera, that gave me nothing but praise.


And I was shocked. Wow. Absolutely shocked. So I just, I just continued doing that. I, I, I'm now over, I think, 42 exhibitions worldwide, and I just finished my biggest one in Venice at a museum over the last three months. And the book, in fact, it, I had approached other publications before, but been pretty much turned down by everybody. And then out of the blue, the earlier this year, this company out of Berlin called TNOs said, listen, do you wanna do a photography book?


And I said, hell yeah. And they said, why haven't you done one before? I said, because nobody gave me the upper fucking opportunity. Excuse my French. Do you think that's because you're John Lennon son? Like, there's a burden that is very unique to you. I listen, I and people like you, I certainly recognize that there's walls up. Yeah. Without question. What, What is that like, like what are the walls like? Do you think it's just they dismiss you because I, there something's going on. I mean, I've discussed this with Rebecca, who you met my manager and a few other people. You know, there's, there's occasions where I'll, I'll be totally blanked. Like with the last album I came out with Jude, which took, You know, in between five and 30 years to write and record.


It was old songs and new songs that I wanted to balance the sound. And it was, it was at a time when I'd gone through a lot of changes myself, and I, I had decided to finally call my, myself, be Julian. I'd been John Charles, Julian Lennon all my life, but everybody had always known me as Julian, even mom. Mom and dad called me Julian. So I'm like, You know, I, I want to be, I want be Me. Finally. So by Deed Poll in 2020, I said, right, I'm gonna be Julian now. And the album's gonna be called Jude. And the, the reason I called it Jude was it was finally not only an acceptance, but, but actually, what's the word?


Terminology? It's, I am, I'm actually taking ownership, should I say, of the name Jude Mm. And, and what that represented for all these years to other people and to me. Right. So anyway, So I, I, You know, it wasn, the album was a biggie for me calling the album Jude for a starters inciting. Right. Hopefully positive things. It wasn. But the weird thing was, You know, I did, I put this whole band together and I, I, I wanted to as an, as a starter to go on all the, the, the TV shows that I'd always ever wanted to appear on.


For instance, in England, like Jules Holland, late later with Jules Holland, which is the only live music show that I've watched all my life. Literally. There's Graham Norton, which, and I've, and I've done their radio shows, which is really, really weird. And we got on like a House on fire, and I performed live, and that all went down well, and then it was kind of like, see you at, on the real show. Producers turned me down and, You know, and, and same with a lot of the late night American shows. Got, got, just didn't, they weren't interested.


Hmm. And I, You know, I had, I had, You know, I'd done the name change, I'd been away for 10 years. I'd, I'd called the album Jude. You know, there was, there was a lot to talk about, You know? Yeah. And a great deal more than I'm presenting right now. That, anyway, I, I was, I was turned down and still, and that still happens to me. Which, which saddens me because just when you feel like you wanna open up, You know, and answer any question you can throw at me, I, I, You know, I've, I've not been allowed to not, it's, that's what it's felt like, that I've not been allowed to speak my peace, whatever that is, You know, well, on, on whatever subject matter.


It's Weird. Yeah. It's like the, the gatekeeper aspect of it is weird, but it's also weird. Like, why not? Like, what, what would be the hesitance? I don't, I Don't understand It. It's this, the idea of the son of a, a great man, You know? And there's this weird, we have a dismissal and I'm very guilty of it myself. Yeah, yeah. The son of a great man. Yeah. I would assume. Like, that guy's fucked. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's fucked. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, the burden's too high. Yeah. Yeah. Your, your dad was John Lennon. Yeah. Yeah. You know, like, he's an iconic Well, and you, and I think with a lot of people, they don't want anybody to interfere with that. Mm. You know, I mean, how dare the, You know, the sun come along and even try and Right. Be better in any way, shape, or form.


Right, right, right. Or be as good as, or whatever, so, Or whatever. Yeah. You're immediately dismissed. Which Is why, which is why, You know, to a certain degree, photography really appealed to me, number one. 'cause, and the reality is I prefer it behind the camera. You know, I don't mind being a goofball once in a while doing in front of the camera things. But I, I'm not really comfortable there. But behind the camera and, and, You know, traveling is what I've, I have a foundation called the White Feather Foundation, and You know, we, we try to help people all over the world. And it started, I know that you have interest in indigenous cultures.


Sure. And I dunno if You know the backstory to this, to the White Feather Foundation at all. I don't. Okay. So here we go. Okay. I was on tour with probably my most, at least outside of America, most well-known song. It was a number one and top 10 in the countries all over the world, except for America. And it was called Saltwater. And Saltwater is about environmental and humanitarian issues. And I was number one in Australia. I was doing all kinds of shows. I was doing promo and, and tour as well. And I found myself in Adelaide, and I got this call from the hotel management saying, excuse me, Mr.


Lennon, but there's an aboriginal tribe down here with TV crews who wanna say hi. And I thought it was like an on the road prank. I said, yeah, sure, sure. Why would they be coming to see me? You know? And I said, and they called back and they said, no, no, no, no. This, this is serious. Can, can you come down, please? And So I, I think a TV cruise Aboriginal tribe, what's this about? And So I kind of doll get dolled up a little bit, because I dunno what the TV shows are, or cameras. Right? Yeah. So I go down and in, in the lobby, there's a little platform, and about 30 people, half of them indigenous TV crews, bunch of other stuff.


And I, I honestly have no idea what it's about. And this, this woman who was the elder of this particular tribe called the moaning People, walked up to me and presented me with a male swans white feather, which is about yay big. And said, You know, can you help us? You have, you have a voice, can you help us? And I just kind of went, well, You know, do I just continue being the rock and roller, or do I step up to the plate? Whatever that means. And So I said, what specifically did they want help with?


Well, I'll, I'll, I'll tell you. I initially, You know, I, I didn't know what the, what their problems were. I, I imagined that it would be the same as most other indigenous tribes around the world that have had issues, You know? And they said, they said, You know, can you help us? And I said, I'll, You know, I'll do it for the children. So I, I, I guess what I was saying is the next generation I can, You know, try and, anyway, So I, I, I, that this woman was called Irish. She was the elder. She's since passed in the last year or so.


But I, I spent 10 years making a documentary with a best friend, Kim Kindersley, who, who, who initiated this whole thing. And we made a documentary called Whale Dreamers Independent. We had no money really behind it, no sponsorship. We won about eight international independent film awards, which was great. And, but the backstory to this is that, is that Dad had said to me, and I couldn't tell you when or where, just was one of those times that we were together. He just said that, You know, if something ever happens to me, that I'll let You know that, that, that to let You know that I'm okay, or that we're all gonna be okay, will be in the form of a white feather.


Whoa. So when I, when that woman presented me with a white FGA feather, sorry. You know, the goose, the goosebumps came on heavy. I get them now. Every time I talk about the story, I'm getting them right now. So yeah, there she is. There's Iris and there's Bonner, who's one of the other guys That is so crazy. I still have that, that I still have that in the original envelope that she gave it to me. And it's, You know, it's a, You know, in a very special place at home. I mean, you can talk all about coincidence. Oh no, listen, that that for me, I'm sorry.


It wasn undeniable re regardless of where my faith or spirituality or religion was, to me, it wasn, this is real. This is as real as it gets. It's funny because people would, people love to dismiss these things. Like Oh, hogwash. Oh, it's just coincidence. Yeah. Oh, it's, So, it could have been a variety of different things. And, but the reality is mathematically, like, what are the odds? Just what are the odds that you would be contacted by an indigenous tribe, and they would bring you the very thing that your father said he would provide you as proof. Yeah. And I was in Australia, yeah.


Number one at the time, right. With saltwater, the, the most environmental humanitarian song I've ever read and performed, You know? Right. Yeah. So at the, So I said, yeah, I'll do what I can. So we did, made the film, and then with the advent of, of course, the internet, I, I thought, okay, let's, we, we will put a website together to, to sell the film, make some, You know, and, and, and I'd also said to my business manager, I said, if we make anything on this, I said, I want everything to go back to the, the, the moaning people.


And, and he said, the only way that that can happen is if you have a foundation. So initially the foundation was just a vehicle just to pass money along. But I started the White Feather Foundation to have, again, a vehicle to sell the, the film. And then slowly but surely, I would start getting these emails from people over the years, You know, over time, sorry, saying, well, You know, can you help us? And I'm going, well, I'm not really a foundation. I'm just, I did this project and I thought it wasn it. Anyway, there were a few other, there was lots of emails.


And I finally said, well, You know, alright, this is a platform. Let me see if I can, okay, what am I interested in? What can I do? What I, You know, there's plenty of other charities out there. There's plenty of other people doing other things. But what can I do? What's most important to me? Indigenous tribes were the first. So the moaning people. And then in fact, in the film itself, in Whale Dreamers, the Kim the, my director, friend and director had already done a segment of a film where he grouped 80 of the elders of the world, world's indigenous tribes, 80 from around the world, around a fire.


And just filmed them to, to talk about their plight and what they had in common, and the fact that their cultures and land were being taken away from them, being destroyed, et cetera, et cetera. So that were, that became one of the first orders of the day. Protect the monning, protect indigenous tribes around the world, try to buy back their lands and protect their cultures and their people, and try and support them in whatever way we can, which is what we continue to do. And I was in Kenya going to different schools and health clinics, mostly girls schools.


I set up a scholarship in my mom's name, the Cynthia Lennon Scholarship for Girls. And so we send them to college and universities where they go, oh, that's great. To learn how to protect their, their people and their, their families and cultures. And so we support, You know, we build health clinics and dormitories, and we do it. 'cause, I mean, the stories that I heard from these girls about having to walk to and from schools that took three to six hours, and they'd be exhausted by the time they got to, to home or two school, and that they, in order to, You know, get ahead, they had to pass, You know, certain exams.


But they had the threat pretty much every day of being either raped or murdered. And they would literally stay in their own schools, sleep in, in the classrooms, and convert them to dormitories at night so that they felt protected. I mean, it was, and when they went home, they were doing, You know, three hours of chores every night before they could do any homework, and then go to sleep, and then walk to school again. So you'd hear these incredible stories that you just, you just realize how lucky you are. And so we, we try to help, again, the indigenous, we do help with health and education as far as young kids, young girls across Africa, Kenya, and Ethiopia.


And also, my last trip was to Columbia, to South America to visit the, the Koji tribe, who were these insane people that chewed the cocoa leaves. Oh. But they used to be fishermen years ago, before the Spanish arrived, and the 16 hundreds, and chase them off into the Sierra Navada Mountains. Is it co leaves or cat? Yeah, it's COEs co leaves. Yeah. Yeah. And they, they chew it and, and mix it with spit. And then, oh boy. Yeah, they're, they're all off their heads, really. But, but they still have this beautiful culture.


And I was only there for a few days, and we were up in the mountains with them. And we, there's, there's another group, there's an NGO, another group called the Amazon Conservation Team, who the White Feather Foundation worked with. And we went down there and bought, was able to book, buy back some of their land. And we did a couple of ceremonies with them, which were very, very beautiful. But one of the most, I probably, one of the happiest moments of my life, and I've only mentioned this once or twice, was that we came back down from the mountains and we came to the sea where the, we were staying in huts. And, and the Koji tribe came down with us.


It lit a fire on the beach. Sun wa sun was just going down. And there was no phones, no computers, no nothing. And we were just sitting on the beach, and the fires between myself and the Koji tribe, and the sun's just going down, and the waves are right in front. And it's just very beautiful. Nobody on the beach, old, beautiful, beaten up tree trunks that have washed up on the shore. And just a little haze from the, from the, the, the, the, the water and the sand being blown. And there was a piece that I can't explain that, that I, it was, I looked over at them and through the fire, You know, the, the, the flames of the fire.


And we just smiled. There was no words. It was just some level of peace that had been found, just living in that moment, that present moment, and then the sun going down. And then, because there's no streetlights or anything else around, you saw every star in the sky possible. Mm. And so with that transition hanging out with this, one of the oldest tribes in South America, with the fire, with the sea, with the sky and the stars, there was, I can't even describe it.


It was one of the most loving and most peaceful moments of my entire life. Wow. The simplicity of it. Yeah. It was actually the simplicity of it all, and just the human heart and the appreciation for the world that we live in. And it's like, well, that's partly why I do what I do. You know, even with the photography is capturing those moments, those once in the lifetime moments. And the other thing was, is that how I started doing photography is when I was on the road a lot, you do these real long haul flights, You know, to, to America or to to Asia or wherever.


And back in the day, you only had one movie on a projector. It wasn it, You know, you didn't have TV screens or the iPhones or, or anything to watch anything, You know? Right. So once the movie was done, and you'd have a bit, You know, a bit of food or whatever, it wasn it. Most people would go to sleep. I would always be twitching, of course. So I'd be looking out the window and staring at the clouds, and, and I would, I, I realized that, You know, what I was seeing was literally just moments. And there would never be again. They would be gone fleeting.


That's it. Whatever that cloud, that light, that shade, that shadow, the color, the beauty of that, the enormity of it as well was, So I started taking pictures of clouds, and I just thought that at these moments, while everybody else was asleep on the plane, I'd be sitting there looking out, either thinking about everything it wasn on my mind in the world. Yeah. Or I'd be thinking of, I'd, I'd be thinking of nothing at all. And I'd just be at peace. And again, like that moment in, in Columbia, just absorbing everything that I found to be beautiful, it wasn surrounded me.


You know? So, so clouds were my thing at first. It wasn my moment to either get away or think about everything, You know, but mostly the, that kind of element of freedom and space, and just, am I the anyone seeing this? Yeah. Everybody else is asleep. Everyone's distracted. Yeah. So I started taking pictures of clouds, and then, You know, I knew a few rock and rollers, So I started taking pictures of those two. And then one thing led to another because I'd gone these trips to Ethiopia with great organizations like Charity Water.


And, and again, Kenya and South America and a number of other places, I, I just would take a camera with me, because for the, I, and I have to confess, and I've said this a few times, I have the worst memory of anybody I know. Absolute terrible. Absolutely terrible. And so, in a way, this was taking a camera with me, was to catalog what was going on. And it was only when I got back home, I put them on the screen and I go, oh, that's quite a nice picture. Oh, that's not so bad. What if I just did this, that, and the other? And So I started making collections of my journeys, which eventually became my website and my photography.


You know, I've never done a paid gig as such, and I've never used nothing. It wasn natural light or present light. So I've never set anything up. Mm. I've always tried to, again, get that moment, whatever it was. And then, You know, I had the opportunity, I, I know I've gone in a bit of a roundabout circle, but the, You know, I, they, the, the publishers came to me earlier this year saying, do you wanna do a book? And I'm thinking, well, yes. And how do I do this? And, and because a lot of people don't know I'm a photographer in any way, shape, or form. I, I, I thought, okay, can I, can I make it a retrospective?


Can I, can I make it all the stuff that I'm interested in? You know? 'cause often as a photographer or even a musician, you get, oh, what is your favorite thing? What do you take pictures of? What does your songs about? About everything? Right. Why do they, You know, that's, that, You know, the idea of being pigeonholed in any way, shape or form ho horrifies me, me too. So this was a, a a a way for me to show my work. And, And it was a bit of a nightmare too, because I had decided with the onset of this exhibition I'd been offered in, in, in Venice at this museum alongside Helm Newton No Less, why don't I try and marry the two?


So I have the book come out the same time as the exhibition. Now, that meant working on the book, like an absolute fruitcake, madman on crack. I mean, we were doing nine to 12 hours a day virtually. 'cause they, he was based in the, the, the guy who I was working with from the publishers was based in Berlin. And I was where I was. So this would be virtual back and forth, trying to figure out what makes a phot photography book great. It was some, it was something else. We did it in a couple of weeks. It was insane. And the hardest job of it all was, 'cause I used to shoot anywhere between 150 and a hundred pictures for a collection.


I was never one of those that had like a limited edition of four or 10 pictures. You know, again, this was just a catalog of the work of what I'd seen and the, the charity stuff. But then I had to, You know, in those moments, I had to learn how to make a collection of 50 pictures, five pictures. I'm going, well, how the hell do I do that? How am I gonna do that? So it's being able to tell the same story of 50 pictures in five pictures. The problem is, You know, about the other 90 pictures. Well, of course. And as I keep saying, they're all my babies.


Yeah. So, You know, it's a a a what it makes you realize is, okay, what's the truth? What's the really, really, really important message I'm trying to get across here? What am I trying to say? What am I trying to express here? You know? 'cause half the time I just feel like a, You know, a messenger, really, I'm just capturing something and I'm sharing it. And the reason I say that is because once I started getting into this, a lot of the earlier emails I had were from disabled people, or people that didn't have money that couldn't travel around the world. And they would say, well, you are bringing this to us, You know, by taking these photos, you're showing us your journey and where you've been and these indigenous tribes and this and that.


I'm going, that's pretty, that's really quite special. That's really, You know, really quite special because you're taking on another role. Because I try not to, I've in, in whatever profession I've done, whether it's documentary work or books, or children's books or music, I, I never try and shove things down people's throats. I just present things and you take what you want from them. So the idea was to put a book together that just showed the world as I'd seen it, through those journeys that I've been on.


And what happened was that when we got the go ahead for this exhibition, which was only earlier this year, I was thinking, how am I gonna do that? And it wasn gonna, I decided to make that a retrospective too. But how do I then chop that many pictures down to that of this exhibition? Again, I, funnily enough, the book became my guideline. So what I'd learned in the editing process of putting the book together, I now looked to that and the book to see how I could present the work on the, in a larger scale in a museum.


And, which was bonkers, You know? And this, this all happened this year. So it's like, wow, okay, alright. You know, I'm going for the ride, whether, You know, I obviously want it, but, but You know, when it all hits you at once, it's, it's quite something else. It's, it's been a full on, full on busy, busy year. And there's been music involved too, and other, other documentary film pro projects, which are, you'll probably hear about next year. So it's, it's, it's probably been one of, weirdly, one of my busiest years. Even though I, it seems Like you're enjoying yourself though. I'm alive.


You know, that's, I think that's for me, that's, You know, people say, How are you? I'm alive. And I, I have always gone with things that have been presented to me organically. A a anytime I've ever fought that, or, or, or, or been pushed in situations, never, generally never works out, I think for everybody. That's True. Yeah. Yeah. That's just So I, human thing, You know, I, I feel fortunate in that these things have come along and I've, I've been in the right head space, thankfully, to go, yes, I want to, I want to do this.


You know, when You started shooting, did you, did you take classes and the technical aspects of photography? Did You, I don't have a clue. So did you, what, what kind of cameras are you using? How did you learn how to use them? I, I, I didn't, I didn't. You just like, figured out to focus 'em. Same, same with music. I play by ear. Not a clue how to read or write music. Really. Yeah. And this, I'll tell you, this is one of my fears is that, and I'll come back to this, but I, because I'm not a practicing musician, well, I haven't been for years anyway, because of all the other work that I do.


So if I'm not on the road and I'm not practicing, and I've got a terrible memory, I forget. And so, You know, I've been cornered a few times and people say, come on, pick up the car guitar or play the piano. Give us a song. I couldn't, wow. I couldn't, even if you gave me a million bucks tomorrow, I couldn't do it. My memory just doesn't work that way. And so, if, and this is by my manager and I, Rebecca, we keep having chats about going on the road. I said, listen, if we're gonna do this, then this is, this is a lot of work for me.


This is, I have to relearn how to play my own songs and, and my lyrics. And I kid you not. Wow. So, So, but you also have to relearn self-taught. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Right. So what would you do? Like, have you done that in the past where you had to relearn? Yeah. Well, what I, I, yeah. I, I mean, the last tour I did with the album, everything changes. How do you Scale it? Like how do you get going? You Just have to get in the room. So you just get in the room and start, Get in the room with the guys, You know, the, the, the, the band that you put together. Generally, I'll have one or two friends in the band, You know, and, and I have generally played, You know, rhythm guitar or, or a bit of piano for a couple of songs.


But I, I have to relearn everything. I mean, it's, it's, it's, and and then how long does lyrics it take? How long does it take to relearn and play? Well, when we were, we, we were, we were actually setting up, as I said, to do a bunch of TV shows to promote the album. And I was quite surprised about how quickly, 'cause the band was so good. I walked into the room, they had the songs down already, and I just went, oh, fuck, shit, I'm screwed. So that means, again, I have to step up to the plate. Right. And it was just a question of being in there every day, remembering, learning the chords, going over it, over it, over it again.


And of course, when I'm, all this stuff that we were gonna perform was all new material. 'cause when I write a song, You know, if, if I've written the basics of a song in an hour or two, You know, and it's all there, and then written the lyrics and then produced it, recorded it, and it's done. That's the one and only, or couple of times that I'll have ever played it. Mm. So it's, it's almost a new song to me. Every time I come back to it, it, it's, it's a real weird one. So for the photography, You know, I just took along basically a really good quality automatic camera that, You know, took the shots.


Did You know what you were buying or did you just go buy one? No, I mean, did someone help you? No, I'd ask a few friends like Timothy White, I'd say, You know, what could I use if I'm running around? And, and So I took their advice and I started with a very simple camera. It, wasn auto focus and all compact. And I didn't have to change lenses. And that's one I did for a trip around the South China Seas on a boat trip. I just took this one camera in my backpack and hoped for the best. And I, wow. I had a, a show here at Leica in LA 'cause it was a Leica camera, which was about 50 images of the trip that I did.


So, but I, I, I think where my strength lies in photography is weirdly, not on the technical side, obviously, but capturing that moment. I tell you the one thing about the woman that's on the cover of the book. So that's, she is now the princess of Monaco. Mm. Charlene originally Charlene Wistock. And I'd met her a couple of times and I'd met Prince Alba a couple of times. And I got this call literally the day before they were getting married from a mutual friend saying, Charlene loves your photography.


She wants you to come and shoot the show. What? Yeah. She wants you to come down to her where she is getting ready for the, the civil wedding tomorrow. And she wants you to take pictures. Wow. I, I mean, you wanna talk about anxiety and crapping yourself. So I, excuse me. I arrive at the hotel where she and all the maids of honors are, I'm sitting, sitting in the lobby and I've got a backpack and one, one camera.


And I've tried to dress myself up a little bit. I dunno what's gonna happen. I had to go through several layers of security, You know, roadblocks and all of this to get there, which was nerve wracking, to say the least. Anyway, and then the likes of Patrick De, You know, one of the best photographers in the world walks in with, You know, the suitcase trolleys, You know, those ones at the hotel that aren't the big ones on wheels with all his equipment on three or four trolleys. And there's, I've got a backpack, You know. Anyway, I go upstairs, I'm placed in front of her in a room, probably about similar to this size.


And she's sitting there completely blanked out in front of the mirror with the hairdresser, the hairdresser's assistant and their assistant The makeup artist. The makeup artist assistant. Is that you? Yeah, that's me. Yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah. So I, I'm in the book a few times. That'll be a questionnaire at one, that'll be a quiz at one point. How many times am I in the book? I don't even know myself to be honest. But I, So I, I sit next to her and you've got all these people, 20 people in a room this size doing things, trying to get her ready 10 minutes before she's getting married.


And they put me on this little poof next to her. I'm sitting next to her and she's, and I'm saying, are, are you okay? You know, well, should I just take pictures? She said, Jules, I'm not sure what to do. I dunno what to do. I'm going, what do you mean? You don't know what to do about the marriage or me taking pictures? I can't, You know, I couldn't. Right, right. She said, she said, no, no, Jules, I, You know, it's the, the photos, I, I, I said, listen, this is historic. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity, sort of record what's gonna happen to you, You know, and exciting for me too, to be a part of that as a photographer.


And So I said, listen, I'll keep out the way I'm fly on the wall. You know, I, I won't be anywhere on. And I was thinking, how am I gonna do this? How do I do this? And So I just start, I just let people get on and I'm taking pictures and I get a, a message from Vogue vogue.com who want a photo from me the moment she's married. And I'm thinking, ah, okay, I'll just keep snapping away at whatever I do. And I watch the civil wedding, and then I get, get on my bike, go home, and I start putting things up on my, on the screen.


And I'm looking at pictures going, I've got, fuck all, I've got shit. I can't thi this looks like crap to me. And this happens to me every time, every fucking time. And I'm looking at the pictures going, they look terrible. They really, really look ter blurred and fucking this and that, and badly positioned. And I, I'm cursing myself. And the one thing I that I remember that she said to me is that, look, whatever you do, don't let any picture have me drinking or smoking in it. And I went, oh, okay.


And the one thing that Vogue said to me is, we wanna see her smiling. And the one picture where she was smiling and she had champagne in her hand, and she had a cigarette, I'm going fuck sake. So, okay. I was not a Photoshop kind of guy, but I managed to get rid of the cigarette. And I'm thinking, okay, how do I get deal with the champagne shit? And then the one thing occurred to me, I, I thought, okay, I, I'll do it. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll desaturate it, not black and white, but it'll have an, there'll be elements of tones I'll make it, You know, so you can't see that it's champagne.


And I did that, and I cropped it in a certain way. And I went, ah, that's it. Why didn't I think of this before, You know, 1930s, forties, fifties, princess Grace, black and white, old school. So then I turned every picture I had black and white well desaturated version, similar to black and white of, of the whole collection I had of her. And it, and cropped it in a way that it was like 1950s magazines. You know, it's just certain angles and a different look and a different feel. Was She okay with the champagne being in the photo? Well, It was, it didn't look like champagne.


It just looked like fizzy water. And because they, on the side there had been bottles of fizzy water and still water. So I went That's, that's cool. She had to give me the, the okay to do that. You know, when we decided that should be the cover of this book, You know, shit, I had to get her approval. I mean, I already had approval for, You know, having her pictures in a collection or a, a box set, but not on the front cover of a book that may do Well, You know? Right. Have you ever been to Disneyland? Yeah. Oh God. Do You know all the pictures of Walt Disney have his cigarette photoshopped out of his hand?


No, I did not know that. That's, yeah. In every picture you see him like this. Is that sad? Yeah. See if you can find some of those pictures. 'cause it's really interesting. Once You know that they photoshopped it, there's a guy that we've had as a tour there, shout out to Flander, awesome guy who works there. And he gave us this sort of history of Walt Disney. Okay. Walt Disney died of lung cancer. Right. Which you would think it would be probably a good thing to have the cigarettes so people could know, oh, that poor guy, that's what killed him. But instead they've decided to whitewash it and Photoshop. So all of his photographs. See, That's too, look at funny. Look At, look at his fingers are always in a position where he would have a cigarette.


All of 'em. That's, and so, so funny, those, those real moments of him having a cigarette or loss forever, Whose, whose idea was it to get rid of the Cigarettes? Disneyland? You know, Disneyland did not want after the fact. Yeah. I mean, let's see. There's a person, it says there, it says the action seemingly innocuous at first, but it's apparently a murky tribute to Walt Disney's smoking habits with a company sidestepping around. The reason as to why the icon pointed that way, rights, HuffPost, it's been long speculated about the anonymous employee was informed by a lead that the strange gesture from the cast members at Disney Park is actually based on Walt's old smoking habit. So people do that two finger gesture to each other.


Yeah. That's crazy. Alleged began training employees to do the same thing, part tribute to the great band part rewriting history. So they tried to pretend that that thing that he was doing, like Tom Hanks when he played him Right, he did that thing with his finger, but it's all bullshit. It was a cigarette smoker. Like a, like a constant cigarette smoker. Oh yeah. I was one of those. Is there any photos of him with a cigarette? You're talking about it in 2014? No, that's me. That's funny. Well, that's when I found out about it. That's when Philander gave us a tour. They Stopped doing it then right around then. Oh God. Gotcha. I got you, bitch. I got 'em all to stop doing it because it's fucking stupid. I, the guy I never knew that the guy smoked cigarettes.


Yeah. Smoking cigarettes is bad for you. He died from smoking cigarettes. You should probably let people know it's, you're doing a disservice to the whole world. Yeah. You know. For sure. And also it's, You know, it's a part of history in the fact that so many people were unaware of the dangers of smoking cigarettes all day. And it's so insanely addictive. I used to be an insane smoker. Yeah. How'd you quit? Cold Turkey. Wow. Yeah. I'd be one of those guys that would wake up at four in the morning and light up a cigarette and then go back, back to sleep. Wow. Or I'd take, took about two or three packs out with me every evening. Really? Oh, yeah. Because I knew half of the people would nick half of my cigarettes.


Of course. So I wanted to have backup. Oh boy. Now I, when the whole no smoking law came, You know, Italy was one of the first Really, and Ireland. Yeah. It was, I think it was California that initiated it. And then Europe took it on board And it was actually Italy and Ireland and I was in both of those places. And it was extremely weird to go into any, especially in Italy and Ireland in the pubs and for it to be a smoke-free environment. It wasn just so weird Because it was part of the norm of back in the day that you'd be in a cloud of stinky cigarette smoke.


Yeah. It wasn in any of those locations everywhere. Our norm at comedy clubs. Yeah. Yeah. I would go home from comedy clubs every night smelling like cigarettes. Yeah. Always For sure. The whole audience would be smoking. Yeah. And as a smoker, you don't think, you're not conscious of how other people, how you stink as well. Right. Which, You know, Because it was funny. I, when, when I quit cold Turkey, I did it. I did it because I didn't want anybody to tell me I couldn't smoke. I was such a brat. So that's why you quit Cold Turkey. I, I quit cold Turkey because I wanted to be a, I wanted to tell myself I couldn't smoke.


Not for you to tell me I couldn't smoke. How rough was it? That's what brought me down into a depression for a couple of years. Really? Oh, yeah. Because I, I, I, listen, I started smoking at the age of probably 11 or 12 as part of my local gang, You know, that I used to be in as a kid, that's what you did. You know, you nicked aig, Siggy Siggy from your parents, and you'd found the back of the school. And it wasn part of the initiation, You know, the part of growing up. So, and I loved it because for me, when I became noticed as, as a, a musician, You know, I, again, with my anxiety and I was a very shy kid.


Very, very shy kid. Still can be at times, depending on how I feel that day. But I would, yeah, I would, the cigarette for me was my best friend. You know, I'd go to a bar and I'd be able to, I'd be the, You know, not the cool guy at the bar, but certainly that would be my way of not having to interact with people. Right. You know, I'd just sit there and, You know, be a rocker and smoke my ciggy and down my Jack Daniels. And it was like, leave me the fuck alone. You know? Right. Unless I, You know, wanted, wanted to talk. So it wasn the groove back then. And then when I gave that up, You know, instantly it was like, ah, Shh, what do I do?


How do I fill in that void? Well, I actually have to speak to people. Is that what caused the depression? Well, No, no, no. It was actually, I feel it was definitely a chemical thing because again, I, I was, I was smoking a couple of packs a day. Mm. You know, I'd loved smoking. And the the weird thing thing, Did you consider going back just to alleviate the depression? I, I was actually a, a business manager friend of mine at the time, said, saw me at one stage and said, Jules, pick up a fucking cigarette, please. Seriously. And he said, you're, you're, you're going to, you're gonna die the way you're going. Wow. So I pick up a cigarette.


'cause you're gonna die without it. Yeah. It wasn literally his sentiment. Wow. And it was a few years where it was very, very dark And it was the cigarettes, no question about it. That's crazy. Did you try patches or gum? I did, yeah. I did all of that stuff. Did it Help? Not really. You know, I, I loved that deep inhale and it's The delivery method. Yeah. It's different Than anything else. And the thing Was, I would still challenge most good singing friends of mine that I could hold my breath or do lengths in a swimming pool underwater and hold my breath better than anybody else.


Which I was able to, and it's because I was such a deep, deep smoker when I inhaled, I really, really inhaled. So it was like lung exercises. It literally, literally. And I, You know, I went, I remember going for my certain Yeah. Seriously. I'm, I consider myself a shallow breather now in comparison, except for when I go on these kind of power walks, You know? Wow. Trying to, trying to get it all in anymore. But yeah, I, no, I bought a, a little apparatus, which I've, I still haven't, I've been procrastinating about it, but it's, it's an exercise there that's like a Yeah, I have one of those.


Yeah. That, to Expand. It's oh two trainer. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. So I haven't done it Yet. Yeah. You put like little lenses on it or little Well, you just change the inhalation volume Yeah. Is less and back and forth, less of an opening. So you just train to My friend Boss Rootin created one. Very good. I I, I mean, I, I know that they work, I just haven't gotten around to it. But, You know, that's, Well, just breathing exercises alone are great. Yeah. You know, you can achieve some very bizarre, altered states of consciousness through breathing exercises. Well, when I was, I mean, I, You know, the, the Covid experience was very, very different for very many people.


And where I was in, in Monaco and France, you weren't allowed to leave your house without written paperwork to the police that you were going out for one hour and you could only go within one kilometer unless you were gonna get groceries where you could only go out for, I dunno, limited amount of time. If you didn't have the paperwork with you, you'd be fined. And So I, You know, I, I started doing, using quite a few apps to calm myself and, and take on deep breath and a deep focus because I, I felt trapped, especially as someone who loved walking, who loved biking, who loved exploring all of that stuff.


And I couldn't move. And the, the, here's the really annoying thing was that where I was, was quite close to the sea. Couple of hundred yards away. But as I said, I could only be in a one kilometer circle from where I was, but that half of it wasn in the sea. And, and So I could walk left and right to try and get 5K in back and forth, You know, at least five Ks to try and get a good walk in. But you weren't allowed on the beach, which was the most to sit there and contemplate and breathe and just, You know, try and relax One of the healthiest things you can do.


Yeah. You couldn't, you weren't allowed to do that. Everyone lost their fucking mind. And it was really strange in California, they were arresting people. The Coast Guard was arresting people for surfing. Like I know. It's what, insane. I, I remember going on my first power walker on along a peninsula that's about 15 minutes out of Monaco. And it's somewhere I go every once in a while. And it was a really quite blustery day. And it's right along the coastline, rocks, high winds, the whole thing. And I'm walking la power walking along thinking I'm finally free.


I'm finally free. Good. Anyway, so along the path ahead of me, about a quarter of a mile, I see a number of bobbing heads said, okay. And I wasn't wearing a mask. You had to wear a mask, even when you're out power walking on your own because Of science. Of course. Genius. Well, You know, let's not get into that. But Yeah. And so over the ridge, they come and, and I noticed that one of the person at the front is wearing a, a police hat. Oh, Great. And so, okay. Oh shit. So I'm trying to scramble putting my mask on, and he's taking out, going for a run with a bunch of trainers.


Trainees, You know, about eight, eight other people from the police force. And they're all gunned up and truncheon and everything else. And the guy's going off on me in French saying, wear your fucking mask. You know, you should, ugh. And I'm going, and I'm, and he says to me, You know, I understand a little bit, a good amount of French, and I can speak a little bit, but I, he said, who are you with? And I'm, I'm looking around. There's nobody for half a mile anywhere near me. And he's asking me, who am I with? And I'm thinking, what's that about? This is the weirdest scenario.


I'm in the middle of nowhere Yeah. On a, a rocky peninsula. And he's asking me who I'm with, and there's nobody. And You know, if to put my mask back on, otherwise I'd be in trouble. And it was just the most surreal, peculiar Yeah. Circumstance to be, You know. Well, You could have never imagined it before the pandemic. You could have never imagined a scenario where people would be that illogical wearing a mask outside. Illogical. Yeah. Not being able to go to the beach. Illogical. I still love the fact that you see people sitting on their own in cars today wearing a mask. Oh yeah. Well if you go to Los Angeles, my friend just went to a party and he sent me a photograph.


He's like, I'm at a Hollywood party. Everyone's wearing a fucking mask. These people are in a cult. Like, it's very, it, first of all, if you haven't read the house, the 500 page synopsis and how, what all went wrong with C This is the, everyone should read it. Just understand the whole six feet distance, all that stuff is all made up. It's all bullshit. Yeah. But masks don't work. Yeah. They don't work unless you have like a face fitting mask. And even that, you're getting oxygen in the, the particle, like viral particles in the oxygen are smaller than vape particles.


Right. Like, if you vape with one of those things on, then put it out and then, or you take a big deep breath, put the mask on, the vape will come right through the fucking mask. Right. So will the virus. Right. Like this is not real. You're, you're pretending. And it's forced compliance, illogical forced compliance. Which was very disturbing. It was very disturbing to, for me to see how many people were reinforcing that too. How many people were yelling at other people. Oh yeah. It gave people a, a wonderful opportunity to be assholes. Or they could yell at people for not having a mask on, but outside. Yeah. Like, Really No, the logic, It was out the window. But it was also really fascinating to watch human nature.


The human nature of, first of all, that people really do enjoy controlling people. Oh yeah. They really do enjoy telling people what the rules are and punishing people who disobey the rules even if they don't make any sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then also watching people comply, knowing it's illogical and, and being upset at everyone that points out that it's illogical. That just doesn't make any sense. Like, you're the enemy. 'cause you're not going along with it. You're making it harder for us. We have to get through this. Like, how are, is this real? Yeah, Yeah. Strange. Yeah. No, I, yeah. Stay away from everybody. That's the, the only, only solution Or go to a place. Well, I came here, well, they didn't embrace any of that.


Like I was in Los Angeles, which is like the, the most compliant place. Everybody was. All in, all in on the, the, the public narrative. It wasn being expressed through the mainstream media. All in on, You know, everybody who denies It is a anti-science person and you're anti this and enter that and just get that vaccine and just get on board with this beautiful little thing we're gonna do. We're gonna get through this together as long as everyone complies. And if you don't comply, and if your neighbors aren't complying, here's a number you can call. So you'll start ratting out their neighbors. Nasty. Nasty. It Was like a, it was a program that they, the mayor of Los Angeles ran. Like, normally snitches get stitches.


Yeah. But this way snitches get rewards. Like they were giving 'em money. They're giving people money to rat out their neighbors for having parties. Yeah. It's beyond messed up. Oh, no question. So strange. And it doesn't seem real. Like my friend Asan. And people are eager as well to join that club. Oh yeah. Eager, so happy. They're a part of it. My friend Asan found a pair of pants that he was in his apartment and he pulled out a mask outta the pocket. It's like, fuck, when was the last time I wore these? Yeah. There's a mask. And when you see a mask, like, and you realize like, I had a mask, it wasn in my truck, it wasn in like one of the back, little, little compartments on the side just happened to be sitting there and I was cleaning the truck and I'm like, look at this fucking stupid thing.


It just, this was just two years ago. Yeah, I know. But you had to have these things. You wanna get on a plane Seems Like a bad dream. It does. It's like Disney in the, the fucking the cigarettes. Yeah. Like, are they gonna Photoshop out all these people's masks in the, It's all of bit's surreal. I mean, so strange. It really is. It's all a bit odd. Well hopefully these, I I still don't get it. I don't get any of it. You shouldn't. Hopefully these viruses that No. Especially those Released don't wind up becoming the next one. I used to think there's no way that people would want that to happen. I'm not so sure anymore. No. After this last go around, I'm like, boy, there might be like sinister factors at work here that I don't, without question.


Without. Yeah. I'm sure of sure of that. Yeah. And I was unwilling to ever think that way before. I was like, come on, that's stupid. No one's that evil. Oh yeah. No one would do that just for profit. Whoa. And now I'm like, I don't know. Of course they're, they probably Would. Oh, they would. Yeah, they Would. No question. So strange. It's so strange. And then, You know, that I think the frustration of the over complicated overregulated overcontrolled world is probably what accentuates the experience of you being in South America with fire looking at the stars. Yeah.


You know, because there's a purity to that, that especially no phones, no computer, no screens, no nothing. Yeah. Just human beings Enjoying An experience on the planet. It, it's funny because I'm in the process of moving, I mean, I still have my base in Monaco, but the, the place, little place I had outside, I, I, I am a lot of my later teenage years were mum remarried a couple of times, but we were, we were in North Wales. I dunno if you're familiar with North Wales. No. Or Wales in general.


No, it's mountains, You know. Oh, okay. She and mountains. And so yeah. I I, we lived in farmland on farmland and I used to work on a farm too. So I, I loved, and that's where I actually learned how to ride a motorbike, You know, on farmland and through rivers and enduros and stuff like that. And so I've always loved that element of, of countryside. I always liked the, the excitement of a city and the people and the energy. But there's also that, that other side of peace and quiet and bird song and running water.


Yeah. Yeah. And So I, I, the key's Like a little bit of New York City, a little bit of mountains. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's the key to life. Yeah. So I, I'm in the process of, I've just, and I hate this terminology forever, but I, I I, I certainly think it's a place that I'll be for a while. Because You hate the terminology of home. No, the forever. The, oh, this is gonna be my forever home. Oh yeah. And just, You know, it's so, Yeah. I Like moving. I really enjoyed moving here. I like getting up and just being in a new place. Yeah. I think it's good for the brain. I think I, I've, I've been at the same place for over 26 years through some very good things, but some pretty dark moments as well, whether that's relationships or friendships and things like that.


And I, I finally decided a few years ago, I, I need a change. Where You going? I, I'm, I'm very close by. I mean, I'm literally 15 minutes away, but it's just a different environment. Oh. Up in the mountains. Okay. Surrounded by, You know, beautiful old oak trees and walking paths. And I mean, I know I'm sound like I'm going turning old all of a sudden. No, you sound like someone who appreciates beautiful things. I just want, I, You know, and the funny thing is, when I went to see this place for the first time, my shoulders just dropped. Hmm. I just Right. And it was, I don't want to leave here.


Yeah. I, You know, I, I, I, You know, and, and the rest of the world seemed very alien after walking onto this property. I just went, okay. A couple of acres of land surrounded by beautiful old trees and peace and quiet. And it, I have thoughts on that. I think that nature is a vitamin that we don't know we need. Absolutely. No question about it. Yeah. You get it and then you're filled up and you're like, oh, this is what I was missing. I mean, that also the whole, You know, tree hugging earthing thing. Yeah. You know, it's real, You know, I, I believe absolutely. 100%. It's Real. It's real. It's, it's, you feel better, I mean, scientific Yeah. Scientifically proven that it Yeah.


We have a connection to Earth that's been muted by our shoes. Correct. Yeah. This is very, very true. Yeah. It's weird. It's weird to think that way, But it's absolutely correct. You know, you can, well I'm, and I, I have done this too, that you can get earthing sheets Yeah. That you can sleep on. I've heard. Yeah. I, I dunno, I, You know, I, I sleep on one. I dunno if it works or not. It Probably does something, but Yeah. But what, that's The, I don't know. Just get outside. Yeah. And think, get outside's the move. And if you can get outside barefoot, it's even better. This Is very, very True. Yeah. I was, the other day I was playing with my dog in the backyard and I was throwing the ball for him, and he just decides, sometimes he's kind of lazy.


Sometimes he just decides to lay down. So I just sat down with him And it was just this amazing moment of him just wagging his tail, You know, me petting him and just sitting in the yard, just trees and birds and just, that's it. Beautiful. That's, that's it. It is a beautiful, peaceful moment that I just experienced with my dog. That's it. Two of us chilling. That's it. Yeah. Really, really, It was a beautiful moment. I was thinking in that, in that time, like, this is so simple. It's just a simple, beautiful moment. And You know, if you try to explain it to people, most people are probably not gonna get it. Okay. Yeah. You and your dog, you love your dog. Like, nah, it's not it. No. It's Like, It was just life. It was just like this moment of life, just recognizing and also not thinking about anything else, which is also beautiful.


Not thinking about Gaza, not thinking about your Ukraine Moments. It's about that little moment of appreciation here and now. Thank you very much. And how, how that can be beyond beneficial to you on, But then like, even explaining that unfortunately has been co-opted by the term mindfulness, which is so often used by grifters and like fake gurus and dorks and just, it's one of those words that you say it, you're like, Ugh, mindfulness. Yeah. Ugh. I hate saying it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a spiritual person. Oh, shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. I can't take it. You know, it's like, yeah, I get it.


But those terms are valuable. It's like the term, God, it's like, it's a valuable term. Love is a valuable term. Yes. But so often they just get ruined just by insincerity or just by people who use it as a, a way to define themselves For sure. A positive. Hijacked. Hijacked. They've been hijacked. Hijacked. Yeah. That's it For Yeah. Which is very sad actually, Because it just, yeah. We can take it back. Probably. You can take it back from those hijackers. Fuck them. I'm in, I'm in. Yeah. I mean, there's, do You know Alex Gray is, no. Alex Gray is a visionary artist. He does a lot of like, very, very intricate psychedelic pieces that are like iconic.


He's very famous in like the psychedelic world. His, his stuff is really, Oh, You know what? Really beautiful I've, I've seen, I'm, I'm sure you Have's very, very famous. Oh, yeah, no, this is, But we were talking about this and he said that he took the, the, the term God back. 'cause he is like, I think the term God has been co-opted by this idea of these totalitarian religions that impose very strict rules and dog bond people. And he's like, I don't think we should stop using that word just because of that. I think we can kind of take that word back. It would be good to, Yeah. Well, I think he kinda has, he actually has a church.


He has a really now Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. He, and it's like he had to go through a whole thing to acquire, You know, tax exempt status. But his church is this insane building that is all 3D printed with his type of psychedelic artwork. So it looks like some insane, like magical spiritual retreat that you would find somewhere. Like, see if you can find where, where it's called a chapel of sacred mirrors. Where is this? Upstate New York. Upstate New York. Yeah. So it's not that far from the city. You can get there fairly quickly and it's, You know, a completely different world. And he's got this church up there that's filled with his insane artwork.


But this church itself is a piece of artwork like the outside of it, the way, You know, he has a lot of these images of these faces that are like multiple, like multiple sides of faces all connected together. And this is like this. Oh, wow. Yeah. So this is the outside of his building. It's really incredible. That's the building. Whoa. Isn't that amazing? So the building is very, very much like his type of tryptamine inspired art where like, You know, if you all these third eyes, like in a fractal form of this geometric pattern on the roof and everything is like that, it's really amazing, phenomenal.


And, You know, he, he's been working on it forever. What is, is he professing anything? I don't know what his keep Phone, is there a show? Nor as such? I mean, That's Alex when he was very young. Yeah. But he's been, You know, in the sort of psychedelic space and psychedelic art space forever. And he had this incredible place in New York City, and then he decided to do this whole church, just click it right there and just like play it out. Got it. I don't really know what the video is. Okay. It's 20 minutes long. Mm, I see. So a lot of his, So it, so that's his wife Is this derived from Yeah.


Yeah. Like yeah. Acid and magic, magic mushrooms. And it Says it right there. It comes outta the psychedelic experience. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. He's been a long time proponent of psychedelics. Just very, very interesting guy. And his artwork is just incredible. Like really, but like probably the most accurate encapsulation of these experiences in, You know, in a, in an artistic form. Really wild stuff. And again, this is, You know, he's, the way he's got it set up now, he's in the woods, so he is in this beautiful, like, rural area, and then he's got this incredible chapel that's up there.


So it's pretty fucking cool. Well, I'm, I'm certainly a believer in other realms that we don't see on a daily ba basis. Yeah. I mean, I've had probably should be, I've had a few experiences that would, whether, whether that's a dream within a dream or whether it's reality, I don't actually know. Well, one of the things that I've talked to about with some pretty insanely brilliant people is quantum computing. Oh, yes. And this new Google quantum computer that can do e essentially the way a quantum computer works a, a problem that would take thousands of years Yeah.


For every computer on earth. Yeah. I To solve, I've read that it can solve in a second. Yeah. Something that can take more years than you literally can understand. It could be solved in 15 minutes. Yeah. I read That. It's insane. And this is where it gets really weird the way it was explained to me, and we should have to Google how quantum computers work and why people connect them to the multiverse. So I don't fuck this up, but the idea is that they're pulling answers from different universes simultaneously. They don't even completely understand how this is working.


But the amount of power in computing is incomprehensible. Incomprehensible. Yeah. Like you're only looking at it and there's numbers. You could write all those numbers out, but your brain's not capable of grasping really what's going on. Yeah. And it's probably the biggest breakthrough technologically in human history by a long stretch. And it's all happening without most people even being aware of what the implications are. So see if you can google an explanation of how quantum computers work trying to, was it Mark Andreessen? It wasn explaining to us that it's pulling from different universes? No, no. That who was it wasn being Talked about in the wording of the willow description.


Right. But I also, just to add, when I was reading about this, they said that the, these benchmark numbers are coming off of Google's own data. Like they're the ones that set like the scale of what some of the quantum Are you Scam? Is that what you're Saying? I'm, I'm just No, you Call 'em bullshit on Google. No, not At all. Not at all. Not at all. Feel Like It. No. No. I'm just a grain of salt. Like, just to say that Like It, except I think they used ions is the number or something like that. Yeah. Sillion No one even can, can grasp that. Yeah. That's just based, but that's a number based off of their formula too. Right? That's all Right. What is the, the definition of how it works, the way it pulls from multi, multi universals? That's, I think the, I, I'm trying to find it, but I think the understanding I got from it was, it's just too powerful to get from our universe alone.


You'd have to have more more than one. And I don't like, that's just Like, what does that mean? I Have to even Exactly. Get to that. Does that mean what, what is that thing that they have? And if you've ever seen the chip itself, the chip itself is very small. Yeah. It's like the size of a saltine cracker. Yeah. And then this entire mechanism around it is just the insane amount of cooling. I like that. Okay. Google's quantum AI founders said the performance gains lead lend, excuse me, the performance gains lends credence to the idea that we live in a multiverse. The idea is that Willow might be communicating with parallel universes to finish calculations faster.


Like what, what does that mean? The announcement led Google's already high stock price to surge, which isn't that shocking, but perhaps most surprisingly for us laypeople that Google's quantum AI founder and lead Harmit Nevin said that the chip's performance lends credence to the notion that quantum computation occurs in many parallel universes in line with the idea that we live in a multiverse. And then it says, excuse me, the, this obviously has caused a bit of a stir and isn't, And it isn't exactly clear on how he made that leap. It sounds a bit like something out of a sci-fi movie. And I'm definitely not gonna pretend I'm an expert, but it's worth pointing out that Google is very much still in the theoretical research phase of this journey.


This is very weird stuff. An evolving scientific field that even people working on it don't fully understand. What, Okay, here, here's what is a quantum computer. Let's explain this. Yeah. The computer we use every day and have been iterating on for the past several decades are known, or what is known as a classical computer. Essentially, a classical computer utilizes binary as its language of choice a bit in the smallest unit, unit of data that a computer can store. And process is like a light switch. Each bit can only be in a single state at a time, on or off, which is represented by zero or one Right.


Computers track data based on the language of bits. Literally anything our computers do is based on a network of on-off switches, sending a particular signal. A quantum computer is a bit different. If you're familiar with the concept of super position or Schrodinger's cat, this won't be too far of a stretch. But a quantum bit or qubit is capable of representing the potential of multiple states at once. Rather than only recording a one or a zero. It records both Because it can be both. This allows a chip like Willow, which has 105 qubits to perform incredibly complicated analytics in a fraction of a time a classical computer could. And how does it work?


So let's boil it down to a very small example. If you have two bits, which can return a value of one or zero, there are four potential states that it can be recorded. 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1 and one zero. If each of these states takes one second to record, it'd take a classical computer, four seconds to record every position, permutation, every possible permutation. A quantum computer made up of two qubits, however, would be able to send to record the potential of each qubit at once. Meaning it could record all four positions, all four possible states in one second. The real power here is AG is achieved when you add a much higher number of qubits together and try to record every possible state.


Once again, something that would take a classical computer far longer could be achieved quickly, because a quantum computer can record a number of potential states at once rather than one of a time. Okay. We basically don't know what the fuck we're saying here. This is just too weird. That's okay. So this is what it is one of the world's most advanced classical computers. Okay, here it is. With the, this, this, this problem. So AI's founder and lead Hartwood Nevin said that the new chip had performed a purposefully complicated exercise called a random circuit sampling benchmark in five minutes. One of the world's most advanced classical supercomputers, on the other hand, it would take 10, and then three zeros, three zeros, three zeros, three zeros, three zeros, three zeros, three zeros, three zeros, three zeros years to perform the same exercise.


That's 10 septillion years, which exceeds known timescales in physics and vastly exceeds the age of the universe. So it can do more time than vastly exceeds the entire age of the universe. And it can do it in five minutes. And the reason it could achieve such a monumental improvement in calculating capacity is because Willow is made up of 105 qubits and contract the potential of each of those at once, allowing it to record potential data much faster and come to the right answer sooner. So like, what is happening? That's too much information. What is what? What do you mean?


I, I get it, but I don't get it. You know what? I, I don't get, how does that prove the multiverse or provide evidence that the multiverse is real? Like, and that it's getting it from parallel universes. Like what are we even saying Here? That it couldn't come up with those answers within the allotted times span? That's Yeah. What, Fuck, I can't even, I can't even explain. I mean, funnily enough, this is that my brother's into all of this stuff, Sean, he's In simpler language. He, He would, he would probably be able to explain it to you, Sean, probably. He's like into, well, He would give it a shot. He would certainly, I think He was the one it wasn probably explaining it to us in simpler language.


Willow is doing one calculation while an unknown number of willows in other universes parallel to our own, are doing their own calculations. And they are sharing that data to avoid needing to individually do every possible calculation to finish the equation. What the fuck does that mean? How are they sharing data between universes? I don't know. Ask Nevin. Remember, this is all theoretical and doesn't prove anything. But Nevin is saying that the fact that Chip can outperform, outperform our best supercomputers by such a wide margin means that it might have broken Newton's theory of physics.


Yo, what does it say under that? Jamie, what does this mean for me? Keep that going. Oh, keep put that back on. Scroll up a little bit. It's right here. Okay. This is what I wanted to look at at this point. It's an exciting look at what computing might take one day, but it isn't something you're gonna see in your next pixel phone, quantum chips. You'd be isolated incredibly specific chambers. Yeah. This is the thing. It's cooler than it has to be cool to a point where it's colder than outer space sealed away from any possible signals such as microwaves, radiation, radio signals, et cetera, for fear of that noise leading to potential mistakes. And have specific signals delivered by purpose-built wires. Who figured this out? Where are those eggheads?


Jesus Christ. How did they even come up with that? If that has to be the case? I don't, How did they figure out that you have to do that? All of it. That's, that's just brain damage. That's one of the most humbling things that I've found about doing this podcast is realizing how genuinely dumb we are in comparison to the amount of information that's available. No Question. And, and dumb, and I'm saying is like, not just uninformed, but incapable. Even if given the information of grasping exactly what these apex minds are thinking and working on right now, along with, at the same time, people just living in revelo, just having a, an espresso and a cigarette and getting a slice of pizza.


Maybe they realize and they just say, fuck it. Yeah. But it seems like the human race desires all things. The human race desires, people like yourself who are, enjoy photography and travel and this beautiful experience of life, but it also sort of requires people to be at this bizarre cutting edge of science where it seems to be violating the known laws of physics. Like all those things. I, It, it hurts my brain. I, I I, I mean, I'd love to know more. Well, just think about what we're doing right now. Just think about what we're doing. I still, We're still how a TV works.


How is this or the radio? I'm still not, how's this work? I'm still back there. What, what makes this louder? What makes the microphone carry our voice? What, how is this being encoded into like a form that's gonna be instantaneously delivered to millions of people? Yeah. Wow. So millions of people are hearing this right now. Like, as it gets to them, not right, right now, but once it gets released, the millions of people that are hearing this Yes. Are getting it through the sky. Yes. On their phone. I resign. I truly resign on that level's. I can't, I, I can't. It doesn't. No, I can't either. But it's pretty amazing. It's pretty ama It's oh And fascinated An amazing time to be alive.


I'm fascinated by every day. And that, that's why with subjects that are happening with AI right now, I find it massively intriguing because there is an element to that that may allow me to understand a great deal more, You know, before it's too late. I think we're the last of the regular people. It's quite possible. I think this, this experience that we we're having, this experience that you're having like on a motorcycle with no signal just driving through the countryside, like just being alive. I think we're the last of those people. I think what's Next? Even that sounds like a dream though. I know. You know, I mean, just the whole concept of that dream worthy.


Yeah. I, I mean I, I have a number of theories on who we are and where we came from and what are your theories, UFOs? What do you think? Well, I, You know, to some degree I'd always felt even as a, as a young kid that, that the UFOs were us coming back for history lessons basically. And that they, the, the vehicles were driven by our minds anyway. But I, I mean I've, I've seen as dad had also seen a UFO, I've clearly seen a UFO. What'd you See?


I was actually, here's the weird thing. I was actually on my way to, I think, visit dad in New York. I think it was New York, which is where he'd seen one on the Upper East Side in an apartment that I visited. I went to see him at, he's standing on the roof of this apartment where he, he was living at the time. And You know, he, he, it's on film. He clearly says this thing came along. I can tell you exactly what it looked like. Went up the Hudson, went under the bridge, and then zapped off my experience. I've had two experiences, but the, the most profound was, funnily enough, was one of those flights on good old TWA and I was in the front part of the plane and I'd, I was, had been given, 'cause I was quite young, maybe anywhere between eight and 10, I don't know, 11 maybe.


And I was gonna see dad for, for one of the first times in the us And the guy, it wasn escorting me over, gave me a, one of those first time my dad's seen them. One of those books that had blank pages. I thought, wow, those are weird. You know, I quite unusual, I'd never seen them over in England before. Just these hardback black covered books with nothing inside. So I had one of those in a coloring set. So I was, I guess relatively young. Everybody had watched the movie.


Everybody had gone to sleep. I was staring out the bloody window as I normally do. And I was in front of the wing on the right hand side, and I'm just staring out of the stars, literally. And I kid you, not all of a sudden I, IIII see your archetypal UFO with the lights around light on top. It was silver or, You know, have a reflective metal with white lights, all the right pul, pulsating white lights all the way round.


It stayed there. I can't tell you how long, how Far away from the plane was it? It was right There. It was 50 feet, 50 feet from the wing of the plane? Yeah, Yeah. In front of the wing of the plane. Did anybody else notice it? Nobody else was there. Everybody else was asleep. There was no stewardesses. There was no, nobody was around. What About the pilots? I don't that that, I don't know. All I know is what I saw. God, I would've want to ask them. I I just, I guess I was kind of freaked out or just okay with it. I don't, I can't even How Old were you at the time? Any, You know, 8, 9, 10, 11, something like that.


And how big do you think it was? It, I, I would say it seemed about the radius would be about the width of this room. Oh. But what happened was, So I, I watched it for a few seconds, but I, I knew we were going along like somewhere in between three and 500 miles an hour. I think the old big old seven four sevens used to reach that kind of speed. And it just started doing this, Going up at, at the same speed.


And, and I'm watching it through the window going up and over and there was nobody in the, in the seats on the other side. And So I ran to the other side and, and was at the window like this. And it was, I was at a seat or two in front of where I actually was in here. And it came down the other side. This is on my mother's life. I came down on the other side and, and, and sort of pitched itself there for a few seconds, proceeded to move forward rel what looked like relatively quite slow and then literally just went and disappeared it forward.


And it wasn that and I, and it wasn at sunrise. Literally just turning to sunrise. 'cause I actually, the book I had, I drew the whole thing and the light and what it looked Like It was Right. Do you still have those, Those drawings? Fuck. Okay. No. Damn. Tell me about it. I, I dunno what happened to that. But as clear as day, as clear as day on my life, my mother's life. I, I did you, And this is gonna sound crazy, did you Welcome to the club Have a sense that it wasn for you that you weren't just seeing something, but that maybe it wasn for you?


I could have taken that Yeah. Angle. Like, well, I, I mean there's been moments in, in my life certainly that I felt things have happened at a particular time for me to notice things that it was related to my life experience. I mean, I could, half of the things, I couldn't tell you what they were, but I mean, white feather was an example of that, right. Where for me, it wasn an, it wasn undoubtedly a sign, a relevant sign.


That made me certainly feel that. And I'd had other experiences that it wasn a real connection, a real message indirectly. Yeah. Well, oh, directly the white feather is so profound. It's so, it's so intensely on the nose that it's very difficult to dismiss. And I know there's a lot of like hyper-rational people that would like to dismiss it. They're like, they, it's just, it's a coincidence. It's this. Yeah. I, my question is, are you sure? Are you sure? You know, I don't think we are.


I think this concept of the divine, this concept of being something else has existed throughout the entirety of human. Yes. I, there's all kinds of stuff going on. Yes. I mean, I've, I've seen, I was invited to a location where I was staying, And I, I had this experience where I saw quite clearly I was, I was on my own again, of course. And I was looking out to the sea, and this was down in Mexico, and, and I was literally just kind of drifting off.


And I, without question, at least I believe, So I saw to me what looked like Mayan Indians see-through dancing around a fire. And I went, what the fuck? I mean, I really kind of got a little scared. I went, what are I seeing? How am I seeing this? Why? Anyway, it was all a bit weird. And at the breakfast table the next day, and I'd never been to this place before. I was invited down as a guest. And I, and the host hostess said, You know, how did you sleep?


Is everything all right? Did you, I said, well, I don't wanna say anything, but I think I saw some see-through mine Indians last night. Oh, You know, you didn't know that this was built on a mine, Indian burial ground. Said shut the front door. I said, she said, that freaked me out firstly. And then, then of course she, she comes back into the room with a tray of artifacts, You know, spearheads and a few other things and other tools that they use. But then she came, she did one better. She came, goes and brings in a book that's a very, very thick book with the generations of Mayan and civilizations that have been there before.


And so she says, You know, have a look. And I'm flipping through the books, the book, and I see the exact headdress and skirt that they were wearing and the exact colors of those headdresses. It was two-tone. It was like an earth color and a sky blue kind of that, that color. And that's in, in a particular arrangement on their headdresses and on their on, on the skirts. And, and I said, that's them. And they said, oh yeah, that would, it wasn the particular era.


And that's where we got where the, where the property was built on. And, and I just went, well, okay. Alright, though, that just to me, I'm sorry, that just says between, between the, between that and the white feather. Yeah. And there's one or two other incidences I just went, yeah. There's so much more shit that we don't know. There's something else that lives and breathes and exists around. And there was something written the other day also, whether it's today or yesterday, saying that, You know, our ears and our our eyes can only see so much. Right. You know, humans Right.


That there exists so much more that we don't have a clue about. Right. So I'm just going, okay, there's, there's, there's if only, Well, you have to go back to the idea that eyes didn't exist at one point in time. There were single celled organisms. Yeah. Right. And so then they became multi-celled organisms, and then they developed simultaneous eyesight in the ocean and on land. And then this idea that your eyes allow you to see, so therefore you're seeing everything. It's kind of silly because before the eyes existed, But there was no perception not using light. There was no way you could see things.


Yeah. So why would we assume that this is all that the senses could potentially interact with that maybe we just don't have them, and maybe this is what I've said a lot about like psychic communication and telekinesis and all these different things. I think they're emerging, emerging properties of human consciousness that haven't achieved like a full blown integration yet. Yeah. And my, my real suspicion is that the biological evolution is not going to make it there in time. And that the technological evolution is going to intervene and push us.


Just like that UFO disappeared in space Yeah. Just took off. I have a feeling that the next leap of change that's gonna happen with human beings is going to be technologically driven and monumental Yeah. In a way that you, you won't be able to even imagine life without it. It's scary, but it's also, it's like, it's scary to not be a monkey anymore and to be in a taxi cab. Yeah. You know, it's, You know, but that happened. Yeah. You know, it's scary to not, You know, yeah. Have to walk everywhere and then all of a sudden you're flying in a plane. All that is kind of great. I would love to be a, You know, a fly in the wall. Oh my God. I would've love the fly. For me flying the wall would be like ancient Egypt.


I would love to see what was going on when they were making the pyramids. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's my number one place in history. The next would be what was it like when Genghis Khan was running through Asia? What was that like? You know, those, those are two just Yeah, yeah. No, there's, there's a lot of unanswered things out there. But I I, I'm a, You know, I, I make the odd documentary, so I'm, I'm a documentary watcher whenever I can really, that's sometimes it's either Anthony Bourdain or a documentary that puts me to sleep most evenings. Oh, wow. After, after watching them. Not during. Right.


But, yeah. No, So I, I'm, I, I, I'm, I thirst for information half the time. Whether I retain it or not, it's another thing. But I certainly am driven to absorb Yeah. What I can, As am I, I, I think that I, I try to, especially as I get older, to be more open-minded and less dismissive of all this bizarre stuff. Like ghosts, like the con like I think essentially And what's your, what's your Take? I think certain memories are so potent and that the energy that's created by these moments is so potent that sometimes it lingers and sometimes it's available and sometimes it's not.


And it depends on the state of the people, the, the, the state of consciousness that they've acquired, the level of anxiety they're currently experiencing, the level of stress where they are in the world, the solar cycles, the fucking, I think all these factors come into play. And occasionally people see whispers of the past, or maybe it's not even that it's the past. Maybe it's those things are happening. They're just not happening in this level of the multiverse. And that all things that have ever happened are happening simultaneously all at once in this very bizarre structure.


Got it. That the universe is actually made out of. But we're only capable of thi seeing 3D space. What's currently available? What's in front of me right now? What am I gonna eat for dinner? You know, like we have a very limited view of this thing that is impossible to grasp. Just like those numbers of septillion, whatever. It's impossible. You can't, you can't grasp it. I have a feeling that's everything. I think everything like that, that kung fu movie, everything all at once. Hmm. I think that's, there's probably a lot to that. There's probably a lot to that. This isn't a binary experience. This is, this probably is Quantum experience. I just hope we get to understand some of it. It's kind of fun to not, and kind of fun to like speculate one Day.


Yeah. But the question is, once you do know, would that be better? Would it be better? Or is it, is there something, I mean, do you have to know everything You know? Yeah. Just give us a hint. Well, You might give us a clue. The problem is you might know everything, You know, You know, problem they Say with your memory. That's what many say. Yeah. That it's, you're just remembering things. Well, that's true too. Right. That information is essentially, you're pulling it out the air. You're like ideas. You're pulling ideas out outta the air. It's recording the who gets there first. Yeah. Well, do you feel like that way with your music sometimes, like that ideas just sort of come to you from the muse? Absolutely. Yeah. I think everybody does. Right. No question about it. Yeah.


Even with photography, I think Too, the idea that like, there's something that tells you to capture this thing that's gonna resonate with People. No, no question about it. I, I, I mean, one of my, my favorite pictures in the, in the book is one called Hope and it's of this little girl in Ethiopia that I was actually there to take a photograph of this person who was cutting the ribbon to open a new fresh water. Well, and I just heard this noise behind me and I, we were under a plastic cover. It was sweltering out there. And again, because I'm shy and I don't set things up, I maybe it's like a gorilla street shock, You know?


And I just, I just had this feeling that I needed to turn around and, and I did turn around and I just saw this young girl just kind of looking at me like, anything I can say is that I, Again, that, that, that everything's gonna be all right. That for this little girl, there it is right there to kind of go, it's okay. We're gonna be okay. You know? That's, that's the impression I got from her. Wow. It was just this look, it's kind of like that nat geo moment, You know?


Yeah. And I literally span around, snapped the shot and turned around and never looked back again. And when I did, she'd gone. She was with a group of friends and I didn't actually know if I'd got the shot. 'cause, 'cause again, my eyesight's not the best. And, and I certainly couldn't see it properly on the back of my camera in the middle of a bloody desert. So it was only when I got back to the hotel and put it into the, the computer that I went. Oh. But that, but that face to me was just like this. Yeah. We're gonna be okay. Yeah.


And I don't know, those kind of moments give me some kind of, as I called it, hope, You know. Yeah. That, that we'll do. Okay. At the end of the day, You know, but that's a very human element Sure. And a very, You know, Warm embrace, which I choose to, You know, kind of take on board as opposed to think that it's, it's anything other than that really. I, I share that thought. I think we're gonna be okay. But I think that there has to be the possibility that we're not going to be okay for us to appreciate that we're gonna be okay.


Correct. Yeah. Correct. It's the, You know, and yang it's the balance thing again, that The horrors of the world to recognize the beauty. Correct. Yeah. Yeah. And I, I think quite a few people are recognizing that too. I mean, there's, there's obviously some horrible stuff going on right now, But there at the other end of it, there's also recognition that we, we should take care of each other. Yes. And we should look after this place that we call home, You know? Yes. And I don't mean in that soppy hippie way either. It's like genuine, You know, concern and love and respect for where we are.


Yes. And this is, we are so lucky. I mean, we're so, so lucky. You know, I think, I think it was actually Professor Brian Cox that just goes, this is insane that we are here now. Yeah. That, that having this experience, it's, yeah. It's try I, I mean, if you can take that on board, try to appreciate that and feel that wonder of the fact that we exist in this time. You know, if we do. Well, yeah, I think we do. Yeah. I, I think, well, at least in our experience, we do, You know, whatever this is, You know, there's people that believe this is a simulation, which Yes.


I not that one. So it's Also, You know, boy, that's a, when when it's explained to you by brilliant people Yeah. It, it becomes hard to ignore the possibility that maybe they're correct. Like Elon is, he said that the odds of us not being in a simulation Yes. Are in the billions. Yeah. Ouch. That hurts. But who you wouldn't you think that though, if you're simultaneously running Tesla and a rocket company and fucking Yeah. I mean he's just, he seems like he's in a simulation, You know, he, and you're also the richest man of the world, and you're also the number one Diablo player in the world. Like he's in a simulation. Yeah. Well, he's certainly thinking he's, you want to talk about a multiverse going on at the same time?


Yes. He's already there, that's for sure. Yeah. And if I was him, I would think that there a simulation too. It's just 'cause he's got a really good level of the simulation. Yeah. Like that level's fun. Yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah. But it's also, it's like, what do you do with that information? Like if, You know, like, if you've decided this is a simulation, what are, what are you experiencing? Are these experiences real or is it, it's still real. So real feelings and real moments still do exist. So does it, it It does does, but does that change your purpose? Right. Also, You know, does It, does it change how you feel?


Does it change the people you love? Does it change? You know, But I mean, he, you certainly look at him and go, you wanna talk about being a go-getter, making things happen. Yeah. He believes it's possible. So he he does it. Yeah. And You know, I, I think that's the same with a lot of people. Obviously not to that extreme, but You know, I think we do make our own fortune in life, You know? Yeah. In some weird way. I think we are responsible partly for our destiny, for our, our paths in life.


It's, You Know, do you believe in free will? It's a tricky one, right? Fuck It is a tricky one. Yeah. There's Something there that is free will, I believe in determinism as Well. But you, you, you have the, you have choices. Yeah, you do have choices, but how much of your choices are shaped by your past, your biology, life experiences, genetics, You know, how much of it is, You know, there's that argument like Spolsky makes the argument that that's gonna be the, one of the things that we look back on in the future as being one of the most preposterous concepts that people attach themselves to is the concept of free will.


Right. And Spolsky is like, he's fair, pretty much a pure determinism guy. And I don't know if that's really true. I feel like it's both. I feel like there's, there are decisions that you can make and you make these decisions and change your life. You can change the life of other people. Yeah. And You know that you can do it and you're doing it through will. There's something about, yes, focusing your energy and your, your desires and your, your, your life goal, your path to something. And that's a real thing. Yeah. And things happening at a particular time. And I think it's very foolish to pretend that, You know, whether it's determinism or whether it's free will, it's, I think it's foolish.


I think also there's so many factors to take into consideration to dismiss any of them, like to dismiss the concept of the simulation, I think is silly. But to dismiss the concept of the multiverse also equally silly to dismiss, to dismiss this idea that you have no free will. It's like, I'm not sure because there's something, there's something, You know, guides you in a particular direction that you don't necessarily always go with. So what is that? Is that pure determinism? I feel like sometimes you make mistakes and you recognize you made those mistakes and you, you recalibrate and re and then you get to that fork in the road again. You go, I've fucked this up before this time.


Yeah. I'm not going to, yeah. This time I'm gonna move forward. Is that free will? Because it cer certainly seems Like It to me. And that's not discounting the impact of determinism, which is all the events of your life and your biology. And It has to be shared. It's a lot of different stuff going on simultaneously. Yeah. Yeah. I, I don't think, I don't think you can say it's one or the other. No, I don't think so either. I really don't. But people love to do that though. They wanna put a stamp on something. Yeah. Well, pigeonholing. Yeah. They just love to like, I wanna put this in a narrow window of understanding and dismiss all the other things. In the contrary, no Open-mindedness is something that is a, a, a necessity in this strange, weird world that we live in.


It's fun though, right? Yeah. Oh no, absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. I I, I, I certainly have enjoyed the process, but it's funny that what you're saying, how you're saying things Because it makes, it's, I, as you are discussing this, I'm thinking about certain choices that I've made because of certain things that have happened and certain things in the past and, and where I believe I should be in the future. Yeah. I mean that's, You know, quite, I find quite an interesting one that this whole also concept of, of, well, my mind's going blank, not enough coffee today that you are, what, what do you call it when you're putting it out there?


I'm really brain dead right now. When you're visualizing the future and the possibilities Manifesting your Own, manifesting your dreams, da da da. You know, is there some truth to that? I mean, does it, because that does seem to happen. Yeah. To a degree. Just doesn't always happen. No. Like It can't, not, not, I think it's a factor. Not at all. I think it's a factor. Yeah. That's a possibility. Yeah. I agree with you on that. But there's something definitely to that. I definitely think, yeah, I, I certainly feel that I can relate certain things happening to me because of manifesting or Yeah.


The will to move things in a particular direction. You put your energy and your focus into something. Yeah. And the thing becomes real and you, oh my God, I'm, I'm, I manifested this thing. Yeah. How did that happen Without that, You know, But it's also work like this For sure. People get this bizarre thing that if you just manifest something, that it'll just occur. No, that's never the case. There's a, that's no, there's, there's a ton of energy behind it. Yeah. That it's a weird process that comes into that. For sure. Jillian, I've really enjoyed talking to you. It is a lot of fun. Thank You. Likewise. It was a fun back At you lot. And I really enjoy your photography and Thank you. The book is available. Life's Fragile Moments. It's an awesome coffee table sized, It's yeah.


Collection's, heavy photography. Let's do this again sometime, Man. Thank you. My absolute Pleasure. My pleasure as well. Thank you.