
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. It's A very good time to have a U Expo. UFO expert in a lot Has been going on. This is it. You know, I had, I know you ran into him. I had Ryan Graves on yesterday. Oh my God. I'll tell you the funny story about how I ran into him. You ran into him in the lobby of the hotel. Right. So the lobby told me they were all, don't use this one elevator. It's really rickety and it makes a lot of noise and it's just, it's not very reliable and just don't use it. So I didn't, and then I was leaving 24 hours later to come down and get some coffee and I was like, ah, fuck it. Lemme take the Ricky the elevator.


I was like, they told me not to take it, but I'm gonna take it anyway. So I pushed the button, I'm standing there, here, this Err, The door's open. I look, I see the shadowy figure of the corner. I'm like, Ryan Graves, what are you doing? He goes, I don't know. What are you doing? I was like, I was like, are you doing what I think you're doing? He goes, yeah, that's hilarious. Did he tell you that? Did he tell you That? Yes, he, yes he did. He told me he ran into you. Oh, that, so he didn't tell me the whole story about the Ricke yell. Yeah. Yeah. And he was like the shadowy figure up against the corner. Like kind of just, you know, looking at him. He was looking at me. He was really funny. We Had a lot of, we talked a lot of nonsense about aliens, but we also talked about the technology that he knows is state of the art when it comes to drones.


Yes. And that some of these ones in New Jersey, they're doing things that you can't really do yet. Yes. Yeah. Which is really fascinating because it's like, okay, And then the size of SUVs, right? So is it ours? And we somehow or another have some stuff that the mainstream drone manufacturers at the highest level aren't aware of yet. Is it ours? Is it like some crazy military stuff? Because if it's not and it's coming from the ocean, like what do you mean it's coming? What the fuck Do you, 50 of them. What do you mean? What do you mean 50 suburban sized. So check this out. This is closer Coming outta the ocean. This really, this is really funny. I've been working with this guy.


We've been communicating on the signal for a long time. Actually. He was through proton. He was emailing me stuff about Virginia, the, the UFO crash in Virginia. And, but he was anonymous one day. I was like, he's really knowledgeable. And he was sending me stuff that was really helpful. Like, you should track down this flight. 'cause if it happened, it was going outta this airport. Mm. Go to this base. And I was like, finally one day I was like, who are you and how do you know what You know? He goes, I'm a retired United States Air Force colonel. I was like, oh. And he goes, and I'm also an experiencer. I had had an experience back in 1980, blah, blah, blah. Oh, So What happened to him? He had a UFO encounter. It's in the movie towards the end. But anyway, he texted me yesterday and he goes, James, I really want you to explain to me how the hell you orchestrated a UF UAP invasion right around the time your film's coming out.


I was like, I'd really like to know how you did that. I was like, I know. I Couldn't, bro. Do you know what kind of a budget you would have to have to have drones running in the sky all over? How many different cities are reporting it now? Like what's the numbers? It's exploding all over, all over the place. And it's getting mid, I I've heard California, I've heard Europe now bases in England, New York, New Jersey. I've heard San Diego. I, I definitely wasn't there something in Ohio, right? Wright Patterson Air Force Base. They had to shut that place down. Yeah. That's Ohio. So I've heard New Jersey, I think Florida, right. That was the one that Ryan Graves showed us a photo of that was from Florida. So like who fucking, how, what's going on?


You know, who fucking knows? I was super busy. You know, I had the release of the film going on and so I was like trying to focus on that and getting everything lined up. And it was a huge push. And all these text messages from all around the world are pouring in. Like, what the hell is going on with these drones? And I was like, ah, it's probably something conventional. I'm not gonna worry about it right now. I was trying keep on focusing what? I got it, what I got it hand here. And then I started getting more information coming in, more information. Then a buddy of mine called me and he actually went to Brazil with me a couple years ago. And he's like, bro, I live here. I'm seeing these things in the sky. I've seen 'em seven times now they're the size of an SUV. And I was like, well, what do they look like? What do they behave like? He's like, well, they're making noise. I was like, oh, okay. Well that quickly kind of eliminates, you know, something non-conventional in terms of propulsion.


But then I got reports of objects that didn't make any noise and that would go silent. Did you say what kind of noise? It was making Like a, like a a like a, like a like a propeller's. Drones would make Mm, but loud. And they're, and they have, yeah. And they have a loiter, but they're big and they have a loiter time of hours. The average drone, like I fly drones for my films is like, you're lucky to get 25 minutes. These things are there for hours. Yeah. Five, five hours at a time Of 'em. They go dark when they're approached by other other objects. They're not getting picked up on FLIR at times. And then some of them make, have no noise. Or I've heard Crescent shaped and then heard about the ones that really got me. 'cause I contacted Christopher Mellon. I was like, Chris, what is going on buddy? I really rely on him for good information.


And he's like, I really don't know, man. It's a real shit show. And the US government seems to be clueless right now. He goes, some of them are conventional, some of them are misidentified conventional crap. But there are other ones coming in off the ocean that are up to 50. The Coast Guard and Police Department are reporting that truly remain a mystery. And then you had Schumer at a press conference just like it was yesterday. And then he's going and he's like, we don't know what they are. We don't know what they are. And the guy goes, yeah, so it's a UAP. He goes, well, the drones. He goes, well, you wrote the legislation. It's a UAP, it's unidentified anomalous phenomenon. Why don't you just use UAP? I think they using the word drone because UAP is almost too scary. Like, so got invasions happening. That's what UAP is unidentified Anomalous.


Yeah. Phenomenon. Yeah. So, so couldn't that be kind of anything? It doesn't even mean flying. Well, that's the thing because it used to be unidentified aerial, well, it was ufo, unidentified flying object. And it was UAP unidentified aerial phenomenon, but then they're coming outta the water, right? Yeah. I feel like this Is nonsense. So they said anomalous. Why Don't they just keep using UFO? Because it has, because people associate UFO with other worldly and they, they wanted to take that, remove that baggage and make it a little less scary. That's my personal opinion. I kind of get that. But also it's just un unidentified flying object. If we find out what it is, then it becomes an identified flying object. It doesn't necessarily mean it's alien. True. Right. Like think, think of the steal Bomb bombers.


People probably be jumping outta their windows right now. If they said UFOs are invading the East coast. You remember world of world back. Right. That's true. People were like, jump. That's true. That's a good point. That's Actually a very Good point. So I think they toed it down. I think they're using the word drone even though they're unidentified just because of the fear factor. I think the fear factor is real. Yeah. I I can't help but cringe when I hear that word. Oh, sorry. I didn't, the the, the fear element. It's so funny. Sorry. It's just too, it was too much of a part of my life. Too close to home. So when did they start, like what was, when was it acknowledged that this was an issue that was reoccurring recently? Like, you know, obviously there's always been something in the sky. Yeah, people have always seen things. Who knows what they are, whether or not they're, you know, a lot of people see starlink and they think it's CFOs, right?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, Of course. But when did this drone thing that we're currently experiencing basically every day, when did it


start? This episode is brought to you by Paramount Plus your next Family Crime Saga obsession is coming this march to Paramount Plus Mob Land, an explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars. Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Miran go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land Now streaming on Paramount Plus,


this episode is brought to you by Call of Duty. All right. Call of Duty War Zone fans. It's happening. The moment we've been waiting for for Dsk is back on April 3rd. Yep. You heard me right? The iconic map, the one that started it all, is making its epic return. I'm talking superstore chaos, rooftop snipers at the hospital, at the madness, at prison. All of it starting April 3rd, you can drop back in, relive the mayhem and feel the adrenaline rush that you've been missing. Whether you are a war zone vet or a newbie, it's your chance to drop in to ver dansk new gameplay updates for dance error, weaponry, All the classics, All the chaos. So call up the squad, load up and get ready for those heart racing moments that you've been missing Ver Dansk returns on April 3rd. Don't miss it. This is gonna be wild download. Call of Duty Warz zone for free. And I'll see you in ver dansk rated M for mature


Couple weeks ago, maybe a just, just a few weeks ago, maybe, maybe a month ago. That's when I started really hearing about it. But Jamie is there, like I have any sort of official answer to that. I have something that 20th, 19th, something like that. It is mid mid-November. mid-November. I have something that this is about an air base in Vandenberg Air Force base in 2003. And this is not an anonymous, but this is about incursions over. Listen to this. I promised this individual that I met at Sole conference. He's a witness, he's a military guy. My name is Jeffrey Elli. I served 16 years in the United States Air Force as a technical sergeant and a military police officer.


In October, 2003, my coworkers and I witnessed a series of extraordinary UAP incursions at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The initial event is known as the Vandenberg Red square. And it was first mentioned during the historic UAP hearing, UAP hearing held in 2023. The case involved Boeing contractors who witnessed a huge red square shaped object, roughly the size of a football field, hovering over a missile defense system. The object was silent and had no visible means of propulsion. The contractors watched in amazement as the massive object slowly drifted east and vanished over the hills.


I retained official Air Force records of the event, including the blotter form entry, which includes the names and contact information of All the witnesses, and provided it to select members of Congress, arrow and the FBI arrow's, a new UAP task force, all domain anomalous resolution office. After the initial event, several other UAP incursions took place at Vandenberg. I was on duty during many of the encounters, and I investigated the incidents as they unfolded. Now remember, this is not anonymous reporting. Here they include a football, football field size craft that terrified security guards as it silently hovered over a bunch.


A launch facility bef before flying off at an unbelievable rate of speed, a brightly illuminated silent object that landed on the base flight line before accelerating instantaneously and disappearing into space. A huge triangular shape craft larger than a C one 30 that hovered 50 feet over a police officer before it drifted slowly over the base. A blue white liquid orb, roughly the size of his house that hovered over his house on the base, the objects made no sound and had zero obvious means propulsion. And he says, my experiences with UAP were awe-inspiring, exciting and terrifying.


I don't know why UAP are flying over our bases and our neighborhoods, but I do know the UAP phenomenon is of the utmost importance to all of humanity. I currently have five other military witnesses to the Weinberg Incursions that are all willing to testify tomorrow under oath that these statements are true. We need answers to this mystery and better government transparency. Thank you for the opportunity to share my story. Former United States Air Force Technical Sergeant and witness Jeff Elli. Whoa. Crazy. Right? I mean, we're talking objects. That's bananas size of a football Field. That's bananas. And then they take off in insanely fast, just like the tic-tac Straight up into space.


So This was at what, what was the exact date of this? This was 2003. There was a number of incursions during that year up All the way into 2005. And he has the names and they submitted it to the new head of arrow. That's interesting 'cause that that coincides with the tic-tac. It does coincide with the tac. I wonder If there's like, you know, vacation season, you know, it's like every few years, Let's go check out what those guys are up to. You know what I mean? Maybe it's like a real pain in the ass to get here. Maybe it's one of those things like You can go to Australia, but it's, dude, it's a pain in the ass. It's 16 fucking hours on a plane. It's a long flight. Oh my gosh. You know what I mean? I went to South Africa one time and that was like 22 hours. Yeah. I was like, there's plane's gonna run outta gas. That's exactly what I'm saying.


It's like one of those things, it's like you can do it, but it's a pain in the ass. So maybe they only travel to earth every now and again. How could these incursions have been taking place? And like here we are 20 years later and we're only now really starting to talk about them. I Think the reason being is if you don't understand it and you can't protect people from it, because it's so beyond our capabilities that if just describing it accurately removes all confidence that our government has everything under control. That's one, one reason why. And also, if you have no answers, you don't know what the hell it is. Like it's A very good point. Yes. If you don't know what the hell it is, what are you even gonna say? Hey, there's something that came. We don't know what the fuck it is. It's as big as a football field. Yeah. Shot off into the sky.


We have no idea. They, they'd be like, what do you mean we, we have no idea. Hire someone who understands this. That's, and then they'd be like, fire him. That's him. Get him out of office. I remember like 20 years ago, bright-eyed, bushy tailed, totally naive. Still brought, I mean still still naive, but I was meeting with a general and I said, God, it'd be so amazing. You know, this story is like so unifying. And we had this kumbaya moment and we discovered that, you know, we're not alone in the universe and wouldn't that be amazing and blah, blah, blah. The implications for all of humanity. And he sat there almost chuckling at me and he goes, he looked at me and he goes, you, you got it all wrong, man. You know, you gotta see this through our lens. And I was like, through your lens.


He goes, yeah, the military's perspective. I was like, okay, tell me, and I never thought about this before you just mentioned it. He goes, okay, imagine this scenario. We sit there and we say, you know, my fellow Americans, it has been brought to our attention that there are craft of unknown origin whizzing around with impunity in our airspace. They exhibit a technology that's light years advanced from anything that we have. We don't know who they are, where they come from, what they want, shall they turn to be hostile. We have no visible means of defense against them. Thank you. And goodnight. You're fired. You're fired, you're fired. And it'll, someone like Trump will come along. I'll make a deal with the aliens. Yeah. But Do you see that predicament? Yeah. Like people always go, why the secrecy?


Duh. Yeah. You have to have secrecy because you gotta imagine the job of a politician in general, right? Like, you have to pretend that you're gonna be able to handle situations that you well know you're not gonna be able to handle. Yeah. You know, if you're running for president, you know that you're not gonna fix this economy. All right. Stop. Just stop. Everything's gonna be, I'm gonna wave the magic wand then it's all gonna Be taken care of. You know, you're not gonna implement electric cars over the stop. Stop. Shut the fuck up. There's not enough batteries. So you're, if you're lying about all that, you're probably gonna lie about whether or not you can handle the alien threat. I will unite us. Yeah. I will unite us as a planet so we can deal together with the aliens.


Yeah, Yeah. Let's do it. What's all you have to do is just say some bullshit Like that. And then someone probably bends his ear when he gets into office and is like, yeah. A good speaker About that Disclosure, JD Vance, like a guy like that very bright, young, energetic speaker. He convince people he could talk to the aliens, he could convince people, he could convince people that he could do NIUs Hall. I mean, Have you, have you seen The Program? No, I have not. Okay. So there Is, explain it to everybody. Okay. So The Program basically, it's funny 'cause the last time I was on the show we were talking about an alleged crash retrieval case that took place in Virginia. Brazil, yes. In 1996. And your documentary on it, which is Yeah, moment of contact. Amazing, amazing documentary. So we're talking about that and I, I, I came off the hills of doing the phenomenon, which touched a little bit on a potential crash retrieval program.


But then it was like, then it was the crash retrieval over in Virginia, Brazil. And then I got hyper-focused on that. And then I had sort of, it was a personal journey for me was, okay, the elected officials, what do they know and when do they know it? Do we have a crash receiver program? That's what I set out to do. And then three months after I was on your show in April of 2023, the highest level intel officer David Grush, testifies under oath that there is a crash retrieval program and that the government does have definitive proof that we're not alone. So he kind of opened the door for me. And a lot had happened since the release of the, of the phenomenon and moment of contact.


There was all this legislation. There was the first congressional hearing, there was behind closed doors meetings with a number of, of Intel officers and witnesses. And, and then you had the second congressional hearing, which was David Grush, which was absolutely phenomenal. I'm sure you saw that. Yeah. Right. And then just recently, just a couple of months ago, we had the third congressional hearing, which I actually, funny enough, got to attend. So it was the first time in my 30 years investigating. I was actually sitting behind people while they were testifying under oath about legitimacy of the phenomenon as well as there's a crash retrieval program. I mean, people have to understand that feel like maybe these things aren't happening fast enough.


Just a couple years ago they didn't even admit that the phenomenon is real. Now there's people testifying under oath that we have a crash retrieval program. So drip, drip, drip things are happening. They're not putting the genie back in the bottle. Do you wonder at all that you're being mindfuck? Do you wonder at all that this is a massive psyop and this is all just to cover up some very advanced American I weapons technology? I think it's a very good question, and here's why I don't believe that. Because I have done 30 years of field research, right? So I've gone to China, I've been to Russia, I've been to Australia and Africa and South America, Canada, Alaska, all across Europe, United States. And I've investigated close encounters of the third kind.


And I'm gonna ask your audience, don't take it from me, but, but the, the United States Air Force investigated and categorized close encounters the first, second, and third kind. Right? Right. During their official capacity project Blue Project Sign Project Grudge project Blue Book. Great fucking movie by the way, if you haven't seen it, folks Close Encounters the third time, probably the best alien invasion movie of all time. Dr. Hynek has a cameo appearance in that film. Did you know that? I had heard that. Yeah. So I don't Remember who he was though. But wasn't the French guy, didn't He? Yeah. Jacque. He's Supposed to be Jacque Vallet. Jacque Vallee has a cameo. Well, there's a guy acting his part. But actually Dr. Jalen Hynek, who's a scientific advisor to Project Blue Book all those years for the Air Force, actually has a cameo appearance smoking a cigar during the encounter.


And Yeah, That's in Oh, that's right, that's Right. That's Dr. Hynek. That's Right. Smoking a pipe, Smoking a pipe. And he, a lot of the cases right down to Richard Drer's face being burned by the UFO, those came directly outta Project Blue Book files. Even the description of what the entities looked like. Close encounters again, close encounters of the third kind. This is the United States Air Force documenting this stuff. Yeah. And he, and, and he took it directly outta Project Blue Book files and made a movie out of it. And as a little wink, wink, nudge, nudge, he has Dr. Hynek have a cameo appearance in the movie. You know what I, Most people don't know that It's, it's a fantastic movie too. It's a great movie because it's a movie that's filled with, it's not like standard UFOs land.


Yeah. Like there's some play going on. There's some weirdness to the way they interact with us that's sort of as much more realistic in terms of like the things that people experience. Yeah. They experience interactions. Very strange interactions. And when they had those little orb like things that were flying around in the movie, that's all straight out of like, oh Yeah. Yeah. Oh, a hundred percent. I remember I had a buddy of mine who was a pilot over Europe in the seventies and he used to come for family dinners and he was always talking about it. And I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever. And then later we're All the life foo fighters. When I started getting an interest in UFOs, I was like, Michael, tell me about that UFO in kind you had that red orbi because it was just like, it was in the close counts of the third kind Steven Spielberg's movie. I was like, ah. They took those files directly outta project blue files and right onto the big screen.


That's what The Foo Fighters were, right? Yeah. Foo Fighters too. They had a little orbs. Yeah, yeah. Little Orbs. These fighter bts are flying around. They're seeing these things with them. Well, Let me ask you, and this is why that, I don't think it's a psyop thing because I don't think it's A psyop either. Well, the reason why I don't don't is because, okay, I don't just believe Grush. 'cause he testified under oath and he's a high level intelligence officer. Oh, that's very impressive. I believe Grush because his claims align with my personal research in the field. Remember I've investigated crash retrieval programs. Crash retrieval cases. Right? And so I was, I mean I, when I put out moment of contact, well actually when I went into to put out moment of contact people were going, James, you just dropped one of the biggest, most successful UFO films in terms of transcending the UFO community in penetrating a much broader, more mainstream audience.


Are you sure you wanna put out a documentary that deals with an alleged crash and live aliens walking around the town of Virginia? Brazil? Like seriously, that's what you want to put out there. You you got access to like Larry Harry Reed and all these intel insiders, and now you wanna do that? You're gonna tarnish your reputation. It's a bad. Who gave You that advice? A lot of people did. They were, I wish you called me. Well You, I was like, James, you can handle it. You Probably heard about moment of contact and then you thought, ah, this sounds too crazy that imagine that you Watched it. No, I thought, well, I always think a crash and contact sounds crazy. I know I always that, and it Does. I always think that, but I would've never told you not to do it. Oh, okay. I would've never told you not to do it. You're really good at this. You know how to, like, you're really good at like explaining, but you look at The town talking about it.


Yeah. Including the mayor. Well, that's an incredible story. It's an incredible story. It's A phenomenal Story. It's one of those stories where you're like, if everybody's in on this, this is crazy. If everybody's telling and no one, there's not one contrarian that comes out and goes, they all told me to lie. I'm not fucking lying. This is stupid. They're doing it for tourism. Oh yeah. Not one person. Come on. There's always some hater, there's always some hater wants to ruin your gag. I remember It was, you know what I mean? It was like, oh yeah, no, I told you. I remember when I was making moment of contact and it wasn't done with you yet. Lou Elizondo was like, he's like, James, he called me up, he goes, I need a copy. I was like, the film's not done. I don't care. I need a copy. Gimme a rough cut. I don't care. I was like, okay, okay. What's the urgency? And he is like, you don't understand who's watching this right now. So I was like, okay. So I'm giving him copies and I had absolutely no idea ever in a hundred million years that I think we're gonna be having months after the release of moment of contact, a congressional hearing under oath.


That was, was a crash retrieval program. What year did Biologics moment of contact come out? It came out at the end of 2022. Do you think Biden watched it? Do you think he sat down with Biden? That would've been Wild. You know, he's been so, could you Imagine Biden, He's been so dismissive at all. Like, you know, Obama said a lot more about it. You Know why? 'cause he's already in space. He's in space right now. He's like, go talk to Obama. He's he's in right now around Saturn. I was like, Really? That's the best you Can do. He's like Dr. Manhattan. He's on the moon in a glass house. Okay, let's say if Biden, if you're listening right now, you have nothing to lose. You're The president of the United States, sir. Released the Hounds. He's never running ever again. Exactly. He's not running for a second term. Yeah, you're it's, come on, we're done.


He's already pardoned more human beings than listen, any president ever, ever other than Carter, Listen to the advice at the end of The Program Yeah. By Senator Harry Reed, who's now the, the late Senator Harry Reed. And I said to him, what advice would you give the president? And it could have been any president at the time. And he said, don't be afraid of tarnishing your legacy by addressing this issue head on. And I hope that Biden gets to see that. And I really hope that president-elect Donald Trump gets to see that people are ready for the truth. They've had enough of the line. I think we're way beyond that at this point. I agree with you. However, when I confronted Mr. Trump, oh yes. He was very cagey.


Was he Really? Very cagey. I've seen some things. They told me some things. He didn't tell me shit. He basic, basically his eyes basically like neither con confirm, confirmed nor denied. No, there was no eyes. I don't do that shit. Especially to a, a pro like Donald Trump. Like you're not really Yeah, yeah. You're gonna do it to an actor or so shut up. You're not gonna know what the fuck they think. Just poke face. Yeah. Daniel Day Lewis told, told you that he just ate a baby. You'd fucking believe him. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Like this idea that, what did his eyes tell you? What did his eyes tell? It depends on the person. Depends on the person. If it's your regular crackpot and they tell you a lie, like something's up. But there's people that can hide things. They can hide things behind their eyes. I think he knows something.


I don't think he's that interested. I think he's more interested. I think he's a sort of a no-nonsense type of guy. That's, this is why you kind of have to be, to be managing multiple businesses simultaneously. Right? Yeah. And he's always done that his whole career, right? Yeah. Managed being on the Apprentice while running these golf courses, while having these buildings, apartment buildings, hotels. He's constantly doing something, right? Yes. So while he's doing all that and he's playing golf while he's doing all that, there's, there's no time for fucking aliens, man. There's no time for nonsense. There's no time for sitting around with your buddies, you know, smoking a cigar going, what do you think, man? I mean, if they fucking, if I was them, man, I would do what they're doing. You know, I wouldn't even, there's no time for that nonsense talk that guy's got businesses, But we got objects of unknown origin, flying over residential areas, flying over military bases, flying over nuclears silos.


Well now I think he's much more interested because That's a matter of national security. I mean it, people now, I mean, people are freaking out. Like, what the hell are we seeing? And they're going, we don't know what they are, but everything's fine. Well, he's address totally safe. There's no, there's no national security issue here. We don't know what they are. But you're fine. Don't worry about it. You remember what was the Steven Spielberg movie with the shark? The great white shark? Yeah. Jaws, jaws Remember when They're like, Everything's fine. The mayor, The mayor's like, keep swimming. Yeah, Keep swimming. The water's fine. Everyone's saying people are getting bitten. Half. That's the perfect analogy, Dude. That is the perfect analogy. That is it. That's, Nothing's fine. Go about your lives. They're definitely not new. Nothing. See here, sniffing drones.


Come on, nuke sniffing drones. So what are some nuclear material was just stolen? Oh my gosh. Off a cargo ship. Whatever, whatever guys. All the, All the online conspiracy stuff is, is crazy. And I get a lot of it. 'cause obviously what I do, Of course. And, and people said to me all kinds of stuff, I was like, well, hang on a second. I wish I could put boots on the ground. But, but no, that's, there's something really weird going on. And the fact that they don't know or they're claiming that they don't know what it is. And here's another really funny thing. I actually in the, in The Program that I did now, and I hope you get a chance to watch it 'cause it's crazy. It's got tell people what it is. Okay, so basically, I was was talking to you about earlier, tell to people the title, the whole thing.


They see, oh, it's The Program, it's gonna be on am it's on, it just came out. It's at number one right now. It's on Amazon. Well, they come out yesterday. Oh, beautiful. I know so and so I came out yesterday. It's on Amazon, it's on Apple tv and you can Google the, because the A algorithms are just starting to catch up with it on Google right now. 'cause everyone's like, nice, I can't find it. Look up The Program and then Google James Fox, UFO documentary, The Program. You will 100% find it. It's being also made available internationally. They're working as fast as they can to get it up. It just went up yesterday. It's the most independent film from start to finish that I've ever made. And it covers what happened. 'cause everybody thinks the government suddenly had this epiphany to decide to be more transparent with the general public.


That's not what happened. What happened is there were a couple of Intel insiders in the Pentagon reviewing some of this classified data or so-called classified data, and resigned in protest of excessive secrecy. They found a loophole. This is Lou, probably Jay Stratton, I don't know for sure. Definitely Chris Mellon. And they walked these evidence tapes outta the Pentagon through this loophole. They bent the rules a little bit and onto the front page of the New York Times. Right? So that happened and it got, it was just, it was exploded. You remember that. And since then, there has been this unprecedented push by a bipartisan group of lawmakers to find out what the intelligence agencies know and when they knew it.


And, and so that started happening behind the scenes, right? So it was 20 17, 20 18, 20 19, 20 20, 20 21. And then in 2022 they were like, we're having a congressional hearing. Congressman Andre Carson, I think he's of Wisconsin, but I'm not positive. He put on, he spearheaded the first open congressional hearing, public open congressional hearing. And in that congressional hearing, they acknowledged the fact that the phenomenon was real. It was slowly introduced that we were not getting told the facts. There was a document that came out called the tr the Wilson Davis memo. And that was about the discovery by former DIA guy Admiral Wilson of the crash retrieval program.


That was like maybe 20, 20 plus years ago. And none of the names or anything in that document were redacted. I cover that memo in the film. And then 2023, another congressional hearing this time, it was David Grush talking about the crash retrieval program. It's been a steady progression. And so a lot has gone on between 2017 and 2024. And that is what this film does, is it covers behind the scenes effort, bipartisan a group of lawmakers effort to find out what the intelligence agencies really know. Yeah. And people that were, you know, and, and in one of them it's there, there was an encounter, and I think I remember you hearing about it 'cause you wanted to get ahold of David Crush.


And so you contacted me and I actually had a, I actually had a drone up in the air in England. And I was, I know, and I had, I had my phone attached to my drone thing because that's what it was using as a controller for the screen, right? And I'm flying the drone and there was a huge windmill. And I saw this windmill and I was like, oh, that's gonna make a beautiful shot for the movie. And it is in the movie. So I'm up there flying it and the wind, the, the, the, the turbines are going right.


This Episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's All the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon, but when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together a visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it, warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton, experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets warfare movie


Round and round. And I can't quite tell how close my drone is to 'em. Oh no. So I'm paying really good attention and I'm getting close to these big turbines and all of a sudden my phone's ringing and it's you. I'm like, oh my God, I I can't not answer this, I gotta answer. So I answered it while my drone was up there. Oh no. And we talked briefly and you said, Hey, can you get me in touch with, with David Gross? I said, yeah, I got a guy that can put you in touch with that was Jason Sands. And I guess you and Jason Sands talked about this alleged encounter in 1994 with this entity, alien, whatever you wanna call him. Yes. In the desert. Yes. So that was crazy story. Crazy story. But but in any case, so when you watch the movie in The Program, you'll see the drone flying dangerously close to these.


And that's funny. A little inside thing that, so it didn't crash, crash on the crash didn't crash. And I was on the phone with you when it happened, but when you watch the footage, it's like, wow, that's really close. Is that guy public with that story? He, well, so, Because otherwise I would discuss it. Yeah, Yeah. Because it sounded so nutty. No, No. Yeah. Okay, so here's what happened. This, this is funny because when I was in Washington, DC with Mellon and, and this gentleman, Jason Sands, I'm using his name now. And Melon looked at me and he goes, this guy's story's pretty wild. I was like, what do you mean? He goes really wild. And we're sitting down having dinner and Chris Mellon orders, he orders a, he orders a drink, he had a tequila, so whatever.


Anyway, and we were all having dinner and, and Jason SanArts telling the story about this alleged encounter in 1994. And it's one of the craziest stories. And I've been doing this for 30 years and this story is nuts. Okay. You remember? Oh yeah. So, so yeah, He, I went like this to my phone when he was telling it to me. Like this one. Yeah, Me Too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Me Too. So I'll, It was one of those way, wait, what the fuck did You just say? Insane. Okay, so tell Everybody what we Said. I I I will, I'll get to that in one second. This is the reason why I can I some, well, no, this is the reason why I can discuss it publicly. I know the reason why I can discuss it publicly is because he was gonna appear anonymously in the movie. And I was debating on exactly how to go about doing this because I was torn.


Because you got a statement from an individual, you don't have his identity, but hey, I was in DC I put the whole thing down and I said, look, if it, he was worried about his security. He was a whistleblower. He'd already testified to a number of, of Senate Intel committee, Senate Armed Service Committee and All about the UFO phenomenon. Yeah. About the UFO phon. They, they're part of the U-F-O-U-O-P task force. They found him and they, he was giving them information and reporting on things. And so I, he was, he goes, I'm really fearful. I don't know if this witness protection program is gonna be that helpful. I'm just, I'm worried. I said, look, if you're concerned about the story getting out or not getting out, if you want, I'm here. You can come to our studio and we could film you on camera and if anything happens to you, it could be released and it could be a little insurance policy for yourself.


He goes, that sounds great, let's do it. So I did a whole film about it. And then I'm periodically posting clips or, or just still frames and updates on the movie as I'm making it, as I do on social media. And I posted this one scene and it had a clipboard on it in the scene. And on that clipboard, if you zoomed right in, it had his name. So I posted the by accident, I posted the damn thing. And on my phone starts blowing up 10 minutes later, you just revealed this, this guy, what are you doing? Take it down. Take it down, take it out. Too late. Too late. So it was out there and he's getting all kinds of heat. So as a result of it, I'm giving you the truncated version, he basically had to go through the dopper process, which is basically pre-publication of authorization of what you can and cannot say.


Excuse me. So he basically could talk about a number of cases that were in the film. We had to blurb out one particular word, which in the movie it's blurred out. We had to do that. That was, that was doer. So it was the winter of 1994, there was a unidentified flying object that was picked up on the base old School UFO. Oh yes sir. Not UF Old school ufo. It was, it was a UFO And it was picked up on the base And it was recorded by sensory data And it was picked up on camera. It had camera footage of it from different locations And what it look like. It looked like it was weird shape. It was like unusual shape.


And there's people talking about it. It's in the movie. And The film is in the movie. The, The film footage that leaked from the base is in the movie. So You can See what it looks like flying around Kind of. Yeah. It's, it's kind of blurry in some spots. And yeah, you'll see it. So It's in The Program. It's in The Program, yeah. And then you hear All the voices. I actually had the voices cleaned up. You can hear people talking about, what the hell is it? Is there a clip we could see online? Ooh, God. Just so I could show you what it looks like. Damn. I'm sorry. Could you maybe just say the actual name of the incident? Maybe Jamie could Find it. Yeah, it's, yeah, try and find it. It's Nelli tess range UFO 1994. See if you can find it. People put stuff up so quick, quick.


It's long and it's really bad. That's true. Good point. Because It's on Amazon right now. People put clips up so fast. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. And there's other things on there. So in any case, so that, that, that video, Bam, there it is. Oh, That's terrible. That's there's much better footage of it. Yeah, there's much better footage of it. It's in my movie. I had it cleaned up, but yeah, that's it basically. Can I see it again? So that's what it looked like. Yeah. It, wait, the footage I have is, is way better than this. Yeah. That sometimes it's so, So what did it look? Jesus Christ. You know what that looks like, Jamie? It's a very Weird shape. Jamie, you know what that looks like? It looks like, it looks like Terrance Howard's creation, doesn't it? I dunno. It's weird.


What is it? What does he call that again? But it was Those things that locked together. Those Yeah. You know, the flying drone thing that he created? The linchpins Linchpins. Yeah. Terrence Howard created this fascinating concept for like a drone where it's like propellers going all these different directions and they, they sync up and they link together and it looks like that. Oh yeah. So it's, anyway, so it's footage, people talking about it. What is it? We don't know. It's not, it's unidentified and it flies around the base. And that leaked and the names of the, of the witnesses leaked three days later.


Can You exp explain, but sorry to keep cutting you off, but can you just say what it did, like, how it moved? It, it just, it it, it was like, it was, didn't have any visible means of propulsion. It didn't have any wings, it didn't have propellers. It just, just looked like a, like a object around sort of object, weird shape. Almost like a helmet or something with things coming off of it. And it was just moving around the base. And they, nobody how fast, nobody slow slowly at time. Oh, there It's is the footage. Yep. Okay. That's it. So this is same. That's exactly it. Yep. It's definitely not a big balloon. And you hear no, you hear everybody talking about it, the audio that goes along with it. And I had it cleaned up. I is, they're all talking like nobody knows what it is. And So this is Zoom, is this why it's moved around like that?


They're trying to keep it in focus and on It's all, it's all Mr. Sands explains all of that in, in the film, The Program. He talks about it. So anyway, so this leaks people's names, the witnesses leaks, and three days later he's in a convoy, excuse me, K Zoom tight, sorry. He's in a convoy and it's early in the morning and there's three Jeeps trucks, Jeeps in Convoy on a dirt road heading out in Ellis test range. And they see what looks like maybe somebody was involved in a plane crash, somebody that was struggling out in the middle of the desert. It was early in the morning, it, you know, wintertime. And they're looking at this individual and they're like, oh my God, is that a per that person that, that individual needs some help that that individual looks like they need some help.


They look cold. Their skin had a slight blue tint to it. And they're looking at this gentleman and they're like, Hey, stop the convoy. This person needs help. Medical attention. Maybe they had a plane crash and so we're gonna help this person out. And they pull the, they, they pull the convoy over and this individual comes up, individual comes up to the car, Jason Sands get out, gets out the right side of the door. And as he's getting out, somebody in the truck screams, he's got no effing ears. And Jason says, he turns around and he looks at this guy and he had the same kind of uniform that they had had on, but the uniform was just immaculate. Like there wasn't any dust on it. No dust on the boots. And he was thinking to myself, well that's weird.


This guy's got no ears, is this guy some kind of mutant. And he looks at him and he said his eyes were a lot bigger. It's all illustrated in the movie. And then he starts talking, like he said, it was like a snake bite. I, and he was just paralyzed with fear. He was, it was really scary. What am I looking at? Is this a human, is this a mutant? Is this an alien? What is this? And I starts talking to him in gibberish. But he said, he started to understand like telepathically everything. This, this person an entity being creature alien, whatever you wanna call it, was saying to him. And he was looking for some kind of metal. And he didn't know Tanium and I and, and Jason Sand's like, you know, I don't know, I don't have any You mean you mean titanium?


And he's like, no, Tanium or something. And, and this conversation goes on for, for a bit. And then the guy just wanders back off and gets into that little craft that looked very similar to what you just saw there and flies away. And he sort of staes stepped away and everybody sort of came outta this com toe state and off and off they went. And we had the names of the other military witnesses that were on duty during the encounter, the alleged encounter. People are gonna criticize me 'cause I'm reporting on a close encounter of the third kind. But this Jason Sands says he's willing to do a, a, a lie detector test, like public. He's willing to testify under oath that everything he's saying is true.


We have a date, we have a location, and we have the names of the other PE on-duty officers. So what I'm hoping is, despite the level of criticism I'm gonna receive for reporting on this, is that other individuals that have more information on this are gonna be inclined to come forward. I also met with people in the Senate Armed Service Committee, senate Select Committee on Intelligence in the, sorry, in, in the house. And they said Jason Sands is who he says he is. He checks out, he's named previously classified or classified programs. He's, he's identified the guy's legit, his, his his credentials check out. And so I opted to go ahead and report on it with the hope that more information will come out on it. Listen, man, it's, there's nothing wrong with reporting on a story like that.


There's been a bunch of 'em. It's not a small number of these things where people have experienced these things. Yeah. And imagine if it's true. If it's true, yeah. If They're not all liars, I can't believe they're all liars. Oh yeah. It's, its hard to imagine. But I imagine being that person who had that experience and not have anybody believe you, not only that, but it can actually ruin your reputation in your career to talk about this experience, which is the reality of it. And it's one of the things that stifled discourse on this until I think the New York Times really broke the ice, I think in 2017 when they published that. Yeah. All of a sudden serious people who were unwilling to talk about UFOs before just for the ridicule. Yeah. Now you, you've got the Gimbal video, the go fast video.


You've got fighter pilots, commander David Fravor. You've got these people discussing these things openly and like, okay, this seems like something that a serious person can discuss now. And so then it's open. But actually meeting one and talking to, it's like the Virginia story. Like when I, I told people the, the, the cop picked it up and carried in the car and the cop died from Manhandled it Some horrible bacterial infection that they couldn't cure. He was rubbing himself down with rubbing alcohol according to his family. Like, he was like, Hey, this is greasy stuff on my spin, Justin. And he was rubbing himself down and he had to stench smell grease. Yeah. And then I, I interviewed the doctors. There's a couple of actually going back to Brazil next month. There are a couple of forensic pathologists that are willing to come forward that we're gonna cover, kind of update the movie and rerelease.


So it's an ongoing investigation. Wouldn't that be the best protection from an alien planet's bacteria if you had the most vicious bacteria on the surface of your skin. Right. Like imagine like if you go into another planet and the way to mitigate the effects of viruses and bacteria on that planet is to have skin fluid that's like unbelievably Toxic. Toxic anything that comes near you just gets cooked. Yeah. Like a skunk. Right. Have, have you ever had a skunk? Oh yeah. I Had a skunk. Got my dog once I, I check out this guy's garbage one time and he's like, Hey, ready? It's in my, it's in my garage. And he flipped up the thing and drop it in there. So I like, I was like kinda hung over. I was at, we had a party the night before and I went out to the garbage can and I kind of heard like some rustling in the garbage can, but I didn't really think anything of it.


And I like lifted up the thing and then I heard some rustling again. So I reached over and I put my head down inside and the skunk just turned and got me right in the face. Now I held my breath. Oh my god. I held my breath and I closed my eyes at the last second and it went right through me. It penetrated my molecules. It was so powerful that it was paralyzing. Mm. Absolutely paralyzing. Can you imagine just a smell that's, that's, that's their way of defense is just this stench that's just goes through your, goes through your body, like just paralyzes you. That's crazy. It's really, anyway, it was weird. You got it in the mug, huh? I Got it right in the face. Wow. How long did it take before you didn't stink? 'cause you probably one one now. Probably weeks. I just wonder like How long Would that wait? It, it was several weeks.


Yeah. And I tried the, I tried the tomato and I tried the baking soda and I tried, I think they have special soap now. Yeah. Just for skunks. But when my dog got zapped, oh, God's Funny. She got zapped in like 1980, I think it was 1980. 'cause I was living in Jamaica Plain and she went out in the backyard and I think she thought that it was our cat. 'cause we had a cat that was black and white and she just ran right up to that skunk and it took her right, right in the side of her body. Like she tried to turn away, but it got her all over her body. She was wet with skunks spa. Oh God. It it's, It was so nasty. I had to take her inside and I had to do it 'cause she was my dog. Even though I was 13, I had to like cover her with tomato juice and wash her down.


And she still stunk. The whole house stunk. That's so funny because I was getting ready for a road trip. This is a couple years ago. And, and I, I looked over and I was like, did we, did we walk Duke? It was like nine o'clock at night. We were exhausted. We packed everything up. They had the car ready to go for the next morning and I was like, did we walk Duke? You walk Duke and I take Duke our dog. So we tell, I was like, ah, it's nine o'clock. I just let him outside. And I hear him like, rah, run. And then he goes, rah. And I thought, oh my God, he just got eaten. Somebody just ate him. I was like, oh my gosh. I ran out there to look for him and he comes running in and he s jumps in bad covered in s sc the whole house was like, it was so, so strong.


It's unbelievable. That smell is just like, and then it gets into, It's so incredible. And the way someone explain this to me, you know, like animals, like bloodhounds and bears, they have an insane sense of smell. Oh God. Like a hundred thousand times stronger than ours. Right, right. But they can pick up parts per million the way we pick up skunk. Really? Yes. Oh my God. So think about that. So if a skunk gets hit by a car like a mile away, you can smell it. Have you ever driven in your car? Yes. I dunno if it's a mile, but I can drive over it and then my car smells like it. Yeah. If you're in the, but if you're in the neighborhood where a skunk got something, you could smell it. Yeah. For some strange reason it permeates, like it carries more than any other smell with dogs. That's how they smell everything.


They're like, oh, Rosco home. You know? Like, they could smell things that you can't even imagine. They could smell, especially like a bloodhound. And then a bear can smell like, what is a bear's like ability to smell above a blood hound. It's some, something, something crazy. My friend was, The sharks in the, in the ocean can sense blood from miles away. Right? Miles. Miles. It's incredible. Insane. Miles away they could smell blood miles away. God, something I, I remember, Look at this 300 times. Look at this. This is crazy. Wow. Bears, bears is in the best sense of smell of any animal on earth. For example, average dog sense of smell is 100 times better than a humans. A bloodhound is 300 times better.


A bear sense of smell is seven times than a bloodhound. Or 2,100 times better than a human's. Unbelievable. That's why they say when you go camping, put your food up in a tree or something. Right? Oh, 100% you have to, yeah. You can't have it in a tent at all. Oh, when I was a kid, we went camping and the the bear broke open or cooler. Wow. Yeah. People just had regular coolers Back there. You'd have like a little cookie in your pocket and be in bed. I mean, your tent, you're gonna have, you're gonna have an issue. Oh, A hundred percent. Yeah. Wow. A hundred percent. I remember when I was a kid, I went camping and they were like, don't have any food. I was like, yeah, whatever. Like that. No, no, no. Put that stuff. And they were really adamant. I was like, why are these guys making such a fun bear's not gonna smell a cookie in my pocket. Like, yeah, Of course they will. They'll, they'll look at that like a wanton, like, look at that soft outer layer and there's meat inside of it.


They're gonna look at that tent like, look, it's trapped in there. Oh my gosh. My god. The meat is trapped in the tent. This is crazy. What was that one movie called? Where they got the, the the Grizzly man or something? Yeah, grizzly Man. That's what It's called. And they came and got him. Remember? They, well, it's a thought lot. He came one with the grizzlies and then he got eaten. That's A very complicated movie. That's a Werner Herzo film. Yeah. Warner Herzog. Yes. Yeah. It's a really Funny movie. And the camera was rolling and they played it, and Then sort of the camera was rolling, but All the lens cap was on. So there was an audio. So it's Just audio. Yeah. That's even worse. The Audio, by the way, folks, the audio you hear on the internet, that's fake. Oh, it's, that's not the real one. The real audio Warner Herzog told the lady to destroy it. Destroy it. No one should hear this. So he heard it.


Yeah, he heard it. It's long, You know, because bears don't kill you. They eat you, you know, like a salmon. They don't kill salmon. They just put their paw down and start pulling chunks off of it. That's what they do with people too. That's Terrifying. Well, They don't have any predators, so they don't have to kill things. And then, you know, worry about someone taking it from them. You're not, you're taking shit from a bear. God's terrifying. Especially a grizzly bear. You're not taking shit from a bear unless you're, you're a bigger bear. So like All the other animals have to worry. Like mountain lions kill quick because wolves will steal from mountain lions. And apparently in the areas where wolves have been introduced, it's actually become a problem because mountain lions are killing much more than they normally do.


'cause mountain lions will kill like a deer or two deer a week, something like that. And They eat, they eat two deer a week. That's a lot of meat. Well, they're Big, you know, a big mountain lion is, you know, 150 pounds. Wow. And they're, they're, it's a big cat. Their cats are just, they're obligate predators. All they eat is meat. You know, bears eat a little berries, they'll eat a bunch of shit, not cats. So the cats are killing more because the wolves scare the cats off of the kill. So if the cat's on a kill and a bunch of wolves show up, the cat will just get the fuck out there. Like, fuck This. What? 'cause he feel his head didn't wanna have defend himself against the wolves. Exactly. Because wolves hunting packs. Oh. So there might be 13, 14 wolves and one cat. The cat will just get the fuck outta there.


Cats run from dogs, right? Like they have a fear of like canines. And I think it's from wolves stealing their food. So like, that's how they hunt cats. The way they hunt them, you have to tree 'em, because otherwise you're not gonna find them. If you find a mountain lion, what Do you mean by tree? 'em, you Have to get the, the dogs to bark 'em up a tree. Oh, wow. So they run up a tree and then they shoot 'em when they're in a tree. Oh shit. Yeah. And they, it sounds cruel. Wow. But listen, they have to do that to manage the populations. If they don't, they start eating dogs. They start, that's what you get in San Francisco. California still kills mountain lions. They'll kill, they kill as many mountain lions as they would if they gave tags out to people to kill them, because you have to kill certain numbers of them for depredation, because they'll start killing livestock.


They'll start killing dogs in the Bay Area. They, the, the problem cats that they wound up killing in like San Francisco. Yeah. And half their diet was pets. Really? Half their diet, half their diet was house cats, People's, people's cats, Dogs and cats. That's half their diet, half of their diet. So you manage, you know, a hundred plus pound cat and he's running around just eating dogs. You leave your dog in your backyard gone. It happens All the time. Wow. It happened to my dog. Really? Yeah. My dog in Colorado got eaten by a mountain lion. It happens All The time. Oh God. I'd feel so bad for my little guy. All the, it's terrible. She was, was not there to protect my little feller.


Yeah. You know, one time I was, I was hiking up this mountain and I had my son with me at the time, and he was in that little pouch, you know that little pouch that Yeah. You put him in the front. Like, he was like, probably like, maybe two, two and a half. And I was hiking this mountain pretty daily. It's funny actually. 'cause when I went up there without him, I was like, well, this is why people hike with weights on. This feels amazing. I could run up this mountain. But anyway, I was gonna the mountain and I had my dog, my little, little Duke. And I had my, my son walking up this mountain. And I come around this like go to left hand. It's a, it's a pretty exposed, not too many trees, some bushes. And it's a hot sunny day. And I see this leg of a deer, like just fresh kill with blood on the ground. I was like, God damn, what the hell's, what the hell looked, wow, that's fresh.


I was like, huh. I kind of keep going and come around the corner and there's a long straightaway. The hill goes up like this and I see what looks like a big, like greyhound dog, kinda like brown, like brown kind of walking kind of back and forth like this with a tail. And I was like, man, who the hell is Greyhound is doing outta here? Like, what the hell is, that's a mountain lion? I was like, holy shit. And the mountain lion turns around and looked at me and I had my kid. I was like, shit, I, so I grabbed my dog and I turned around and I started running and I knew that I shouldn't be running. So I'm running, going, I shouldn't be running. I shouldn't be running. I know I shouldn't be running. But yeah, I wanted to get around the corner and get it out of his light sign of light, line of sight.


And then I go, I go, well, if he comes up on me, I'm gonna have to throw my dog. I was like, I looked at God, duke and I, if it comes down to it, duke, you're gonna have to take one for the team. Oh my God. That's a horrible choice. It's a horrible choice. But I had my son, Of course I get it. But I remember looking, told my dog too, and I was like looking at my dog going, oh man, this is a horrible decision I have to make. But if it comes down to it, I'm gonna have to sacrifice you, buddy. I love you. You know? But it didn't come down to it. But I remember running, going, you're an idiot, James. Why are you running? You not supposed to be running. You can't run. Well, that's the problem with mountain bikers. They get got because when they pass by a cat, it's almost like rolling a ball of yarn past a kitten. Oh, they are Predators. And they will, they'll catch bikes, huh?


Oh yeah. They get people on bikes. Yeah. That's happened a few times. They get people on bikes, they get joggers, people on bikes. They think you're running away from them. You can, it Could you imagine what it was like to, to be running for your life, having something like that chase you? Yeah, I can. I mean, it hasn't happened to me, but I've seen them. I, I'm, I've seen Three of them in my lifetime. Only one of them that scare the shit out me. I saw one in Colorado. I saw one in Montecito, like the Santa Barbara area. It was small. Those are small ones. They were like 50, 60 pounds. And then I saw one with a buddy of mine, my friend Colton and I, we spotted one under a tree that was 30 yards away. We were in a truck and it made me shit my pants. Wow. It was so big. It was so big.


This one was really big. This was a mature male with a big pumpkin head and huge forearms. Like a fucking bodybuilder. It was freaky. It was freaky to see because, you know, it was, first of all, it was dusk. So the, the sun was going down and the lights of the truck, even though it wasn't quite dark yet, the lights of the truck were making his eyes glow. Oh my god. And you can see him with the naked eye. But then I put my binoculars on and so I've got these 10 power binoculars and I'm zoomed in on this thing's face. I'm like, holy Shit. Looks like he belongs in Africa. Well, he belonged right where he was, man. Yeah. We didn't belong there. Let me tell you a really cool story. That's a UFO, the best UFO picture I think has ever taken.


Do You have it? Can I look at it? Or You Can just tease me. No, no, no. We, we we're gonna look for it. Okay. So can, can you find The Program trailer on, on here at all or, yeah, for sure. Find The Program trailer. I'm gonna tell you about this. Is this the Trailer? Yeah, trailer. Let's just watch the trailer. Let's watch a Story exposing a secret government program investigating UFOs. That story was kind of a catalyst for a lot of things that have happened since members of Congress started to ask questions. Instruments report. There is some something there. There are flight characteristics that we can't explain. UAPs are unexplained. It's true. They need to be investigated Here. We are having a hearing where just a few years ago we didn't even acknowledge that these Things, things were real.


Do you believe that our government is in possession of UAPs? Absolutely. Based on interviewing over 40 witnesses over four years. You are telling me people have come forward claiming firsthand knowledge of craft of non-human origin. That's correct. We have sources who have asserted not only that there have been crashes, but there have been crash retrievals. Do we have the bodies of the pilots who piloted this craft Biologics came with some of these recoveries. Yeah. Were they human or non-human? Non-human. I'm sitting here today because the American people are being lied to.


We are the American government and we are open and we're gonna be open about this. What has been revealed? Non-human intelligence exists. Non-human intelligence has been interacting with humanity Is only part of the story. The pressure's off the Pentagon. The CIA are gonna have to answer the Mail. Some are risking everything. Have You had incidences that have caused you to be in fear free of Life? Yes. Personally, To uncover the rest. What is being done to verify the assertion that the US government has spaceships of non-human intelligence in their possession. That kind of revelation. Unearths people's beliefs. How do we go to jail to say things that I've been exposed to in The Program, Bro, was that Mick Jagger?


Was that other guy? Mick Jagger. Isn't He amazing? That's Hal put off. Hal put off. Oh yeah, I know Mick Jaggers in there. That doesn't look like Mick Jagger. That's not Mick Jagger. That's Gary McKinnon. Oh, he's the biggest computer hacker in history. Lemme see what he looks like. He almost went to jail for life because he was like, I'm gonna find out what the government knows about UFOs. So he hacked into the systems. N-S-A-C-I-A-D-I-A. Like Where is he? Yeah, The Oh, you wanna see that Really cool Picture? The f no, in the, the film. Oh yeah, yeah. You gotta Go see towards the end. Yeah, he totally looks like, it's really funny you should say that because I Totally thought he was mc. I saw it and I'm like, wait a minute. That does look, look a rockstar. He is a rock star in the U ffo community.


It's coming up. You'll have to, you'll have to pause it quickly when it, when it hits. But Gary McKinnon took it upon himself, a computer hacker to find out if the government had proof of alien visitation. And he spent a couple years hacking systems and he found and he got pay dirt guy, Darius. That was it, bro. That's, that's Jagger that big. Doesn't it look Like big? It does look like that. J that Mick Jagger funny. Ick Jagger is in the UFOs. You should just like only show that clip, you know, like they do in horror movies where the mask is not that good. Just a real quick. Yeah, But so, well I was gonna tell you, there's a photograph of a jet circulating. Can I, can I go into a little bit of detail? Yes, please. Because everyone's always worried about like, where's the good evidence? Where's the good photograph? Right.


Show that photograph again. Yeah. So it's, yeah, there we go. Now this was a lost photograph that was recovered, correct? Yeah, yeah. You know about this. Yeah, I know about this. Okay, so I heard about this in the late nineties. Tell everybody about it. Okay, so there was a guy, Nick Pope, who investigated, who was part of the UFO desk at the Ministry of Defense of England in the late nineties, mid to late nineties, maybe in as late as early two thousands. But in any case, and I was in, I was interviewing him for a number of my films. I did a phone call outta of the blue. I know what I saw before I did the phenomenon. And I, I asked him like, Hey man, you were a part of the UFO desk at the MODI was, what was the best case you ever saw? And he goes, oh man, 1990.


He didn't gimme this, the, the town, it was Cal Vine. But he said Scotland. There were two poachers. They called 'em hikers, but they were actually poaching. And that's what made me think about this when we were talking about animals earlier. And he said it was, it was late in the afternoon. They were in a place I now know it's called Cal Vine. And they came upon in this relatively remote area. I know, 'cause I hiked out to the exec spot and it's in the movie. But, and they came upon this diamond shaped or disc shaped object that was quite large, that was hovering silently. Really close. I mean close. And they were scared to death. And they were kind of hiding out underneath this tree.


And they're looking at this thing, what the, are we looking at? And they're looking at this thing. Is it silently hovering? Remember this is 1990. Okay. And one of them had a camera. And just as he was considering taking his camera out, a military jet came in, turns out it was one of those Harrier jet, they think it was a Harrier jet. And it came out into the scene and it flew All the way around the disc. And as it did, so the guy mustered up, the courage came out from under the tree and he snapped five or six photographs of this object suspended in the air. And it went. So the disc is here and the plane is flying around.


It's click, click, click, click, click, click. And the reason why I know this is because the individual who kept one of the prints, Thank you very much, Craig, Lindsay, RAF press officer. And Thank you David Clark for uncovering this because it's the most amazing picture ever. And the two hotel workers in just outside the town of Cal Vine Scotland came back and they were like telling their coworkers, oh my God, we encountered this thing. We don't know what it was. And so they go to the local newspaper and they were like, Hey man, we just filmed something in the sky. We got six prints of it. They, it was, I was, it was 35 millimeter film footage. Right? And, and they're gonna go public with their story.


Two witnesses, broad daylight, A UFO points of reference with a military jet flying around five or six prints. That's pretty solid evidence, right? So the local newspaper was like, they're about to go public with it. Print, print the story. And they were like, well, we need a statement from the RAF. So they contact the press officer, Craig Lindsay. And they were like, Hey, what do you make of this UFO these guys took? And the guy and Craig Lindsay goes, I don't know what you're talking about. I, I haven't seen the picture. You haven't seen it. Well, lemme send you a print. This is the new, the newspaper.


This episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes All the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


The finals are here. And the only thing that's for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season, get in on All the action expected and unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook, with live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination. As we reach the finals first time, here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521. And over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance, four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio


Sends him a print, big, big print like this, the one you see today. And he's like, holy shit. The hell is this? He's an RF press officer. Craig Lindsay. And he's, so he starts getting in touch with the MOD and he goes out and he investigate this. Go talk to the witness, talk to the witnesses, and they're telling him. And he goes, well, they tell him what happened. And he goes, well, what kind of noise did it make? And they say, it didn't make any noise. No, he goes, no noise. That's impossible. You know, an object that can hover like that in the sky for that period of time, as we're talking 34 years ago, didn't make any noise. And the witness said no. So he was like, holy shit, this is crazy.


So he takes a color xeroxing machine and he sends it to the MOD in London and he says, Hey, there's a case that you might wanna check, you know, you might want to look into, and here's a Xerox, which is really crappy. It's just a, it's just a scan to Xerox, like a fax machine over to MOD. He said he went from the office where the Xerox machine was. And before he can get back to his office, his phone was ringing off the hook. MOD And the MOD basically stepped in, took over the, the investigation. They said, you can step down to Craig Lindsay. He steps down, he keeps the print right, he steps down, they take over witnesses, gone. Five or six prints gone.


Story killed, right? So 30, oh, and we'd rumored about it because Nick Pope had talked about this case in a book he wrote called Open Skies, closed Minds. And then I talked to him about it in late, late nineties. Then I talked to him about it again in the early two thousands. And I was like, Nick, especially in 2007, I was like, tell me about this photograph. And he's like, oh, it was incredible. We had a big poster of it on the wall, the MOD and da da da. I was like, well, where is it? He goes, well, I don't know. I, I stepped down. I'm no longer at the, at the UFO desk. And I said, well, they didn just throw that away once. Don't you get in touch with the people that were there and find out. He's like, oh, you know, James, I can't just make those inquiries. They, we, we killed the story. It was like, you know, so I was incredibly frustrated, so, so discreetly for over a 20 year period, I was making inquiries.


'cause I don't like letting things go. Right? I was like, this picture exists and bloody hell, let's get this one out there. But the story went dark. So David Clark found Craig Lindsay and the way he found Craig Lindsay, the guy that kept one of the prints, is that he got a, he got a, a, a, a declassified government document out of the MOD's office that had redactions on it. And one of the things that said was nine, it was 1990, and they said, RF press officer in Scotland blacked out, you know, said that, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And he is like, huh? Who was the RAF press officer in 1990 in Scotland? Craig, Lindsay, boom contacts Greg Lindsay. Oh, they started communication going and then after like, so much for redaction.


Yeah. So it's for redactions, right? And so this whole dialogue starts going, there's, you know, developing a and and then he goes, well, gosh, I, I might, I guess I might have one. It turns out he, he ended up keeping one of those prints, which he had. And that story broke probably two years ago. David Clark, again, I can't Thank you enough. You deserve accolades for this. And so I flew to England, I met with David Clark and his crew, the people that did the analysis work. Then I went up to Scotland, I met with Craig Lindsay, the RF press officer gave me the first and only on-camera interview about it, what astonished him about it, the analysis work that did on it, what the witnesses said. But we didn't have the witnesses, the people that took the photograph.


We didn't have 'em. But I was gonna report on this anyway, just because, wow, this is the picture that we've all been waiting for. This picture's phenomenal. But if you don't have providence and you don't have the background story on it, it could be ai, it could be right, it could be a hoax. Some people call it a reflection. Not a reflection, not a hoax. So I'm ending production of The Program and I get a text from David Clark and he goes, something big's about to happen. And I said, what? He goes, just sit tight. I can't go public right now, but something big's gonna happened. There's a, there's a new development and this is just, he teases, well I'm coming out with that, I promise. But he teased you. I did tease hate it. He did tease me. But I was like, well, I'm almost done with the movie and if this is something I conclude in the movie about the case, please let me know.


So long story short, this guy, Richard Greaves, who was one of the hotel cooks, worked in the kitchen with the photographers, with the two witnesses that took the photograph. And Richard Greaves came forward on print. But I contacted David Clark, I was like, Hey, can this, can I, can you get me an interview with this guy? So he kept putting it off, putting it off, putting it off. And then finally I was like, I didn't want to be, I wanted to be persistent, but I didn't wanna annoy the guy to the point where he is gonna like, Hey, you know what, fuck you. Like right, you're you, you're being annoying. Yeah. You know? Yeah. But I, I got it right up to that point, right where I was like, I was wrapping the movie, the movie's done, and I want to get this movie out. 'cause All the people that participated wanted it out.


And then I finally sent him one final text and I was like, look, I'm really sorry to pastor you and I know you're probably really busy and I really appreciate the fact that you even said that you'll meet with me, but that you'll gimme an interview. And then probably about 10 o'clock that night, I'm in the edit room, I'm buttoning the film up and all of a sudden I get a phone call and he is like, I'm just come out in the pub, I'm ready to go. I was like, okay, grab a camera, roll it. Let's record this. And he reveals that he knew the, the witnesses, he worked with them in the kitchen. He gave All the specifics, he provided their names. And then he said that two or three nights after, two or three nights, four nights after they took that photograph, they were all on a cigarette break at the hotel.


Early evening, pissing rain. He said a car rolled up. There were three guys in it, a driver and two men in suits in the back. They roll up, they come out, they say cigarette breaks over, they pull the two witnesses aside and they grill him. And you gotta hear it directly from the horse's mouth. Richard Greaves said that when they were, All the people that were not involved with the incident were told to go back inside the hotel, which they did. But they looked through the window and they saw in the pissing rain. He said they were out there for 10 or 15 minutes in the pissing rain. And that these guys, they came back inside and they were white as a, he said, he's, he, he literally goes, they they came back inside, they were white as a fucking ghost and which we all get a good laugh out of.


But, and then they started drinking heavily and within a couple of weeks they vanished without a trace and they've been gone ever since. So we report on this and yeah, that's a, that's a rep that's a replica. I was like, it's way too clear. I was like, is this that? That's a replica from Nick Pope that he did it for some series talking about it. And that was before the real photograph was found. And print. Let's see the real Photograph. Yeah. Show the real photograph again. I got it in there it is. Yep. Okay. So what was he doing? Show the fake one one more time. Yeah, that's just a recreation before it leaked Out. So, so was he just recreating what he remembered? Yes. Lemme see the real one again. It's Pretty damn good, isn't it? That he Remembered that? Not bad, not bad. Missed the barb wire fence. Yeah, but not bad that he put in a bunch of bullshit background.


I went to the exact location that All the bullshit he put in there, put in beautiful hills. I know. And and that fence is still there. There was a, The back throw In. Yeah, that fence is still there. I took an actual, I took a modern, So what is that jet in the background? Harrier Jump. A Harrier jet is what I'm told. They're 99% sure. And was that Harrier jet? Trying to figure out what this was? Well it, like I said, in the other prints, according to to Craig, Lindsay, the RAF press officer, he said the other six prints or five prints had that harrier Jett in a different position. So he said it was if the Harrier Jett flew around, checking that out. Now Where are those other prints? We have Other MOD just, they're gone. They, they killed the story. I mean the guy at the MOD worked there.


Nick Pope told me that they, they did everything they could to squash it because Don't you think they probably have it filed away somewhere? Of course they do. Throw it away. Of course they didn't throw those pictures away. They killed the Story. Can you zoom in on this Jeremy, please? Yeah. That's a really crap copy. You're looking at a really bad prank. That's it. Was I, could you zoom It is, I've got a much Better back again as Much as I, I've got a much better version of it on You got it on your phone? Yeah, I do. Yeah. Text it to a homie. This this image is, it's weird. Yeah, it's a, it's because it's, It's hard to see what you're looking at, you know, It's, yeah. Well let me show you a much better copy of it. Hang on, let me just scroll up here 'cause I've got a really good, I got the original print of this copy. But You know, people talk about, you know, the more compelling data and the links.


So this is, this is the photograph that I took at the site. You can get an idea of that. Okay. See how that's what it looks like, right? How similar, right? Yeah, it looks exactly the same. Yep. And then here is, here's the, here's the print and I could take a, I could text that to you guys if you want. Yeah. Text that to me. I'll text it to James. I'll text it to you guys. Both of them. Send both of them. Yeah. This is, it's very interesting. Very interesting case. I mean it's, again, I think it's one of the best photographic cases. 'cause you're not dealing with just a UFO. You've got a military jet in the background. Right. And if you have a date and a location, guess what, that pilot's still out there. Right? That pilot can probably got it on radar and probably got gun camp for if he's still alive.


If, well he would've been probably young, right? Pilots are young. Sure. He would've been in his thirties or maybe early forties and that was 34 years ago. Right. So chances are he still alive. They're pretty fit, right? Yeah. Maybe he's in the seventies. Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna text this to you right now. We're, here we go. Boom. Should have that. Did I get you all? Did I get all of them to you? And here is a picture of Craig Lindsay. This is great. You're gonna love this. Okay. This is, this is the guy that kept it. I didn't get it yet. You Didn't? No. I wonder if it's because I have my phone on airplane Mode. Yeah, take it off Airplane mode, bro. I told you to Do that. Okay. Oh you did? I was trying to explain to you. Do not disturb. Oh, okay.


It's off now. I'm sorry. Otherwise it won't actually send it. Oh it Won't. Okay. All right. Here we go. Here we go. All right. Just like dealing with my dad. I know, I'm so bad. I know you were telling me how to do it. I was like, I haven't done that before. It's funny people that don't understand how to Use their phones. Tell me if that goes through. Okay, I'm waiting on it still. Okay, great. Great Shot. Do you need me to send it here? You do it here. There's that one and there's flip left to right on it. But you know, it just goes to show the lengths that the Intel community, the Ministry of Defense, the DOD go to hide the more compelling photographic data because it's so easy to complain.


Like, oh well if they were real there would be good. Well there are some really good prints, Bro. You got Joe exotic in your phone. I Did. God, Well you guys are looking at other stuff. Yes. I, I found drones that you can, I don't know that they're commercially available. Did You get All the one ones you Wanted? But you can have a drone up for 24 at plus hours. That didn't send it to me either. Are you serious? Yeah. What so weird. Am I sending it to the wrong telephone number? Lemme just check. Lemme see your number. This number you have, you might have My old number. Well I have it. I definitely have it on signal here. You do it Here. Fuck it. You take over, you drive. Lemme see, because I'm clearly failing at this one. I'm just gonna check to see what, what I sent it to. 'cause I changed, I changed my number because people get weird. Oh, I can totally imagine that would be the case.


This is a separate, I found some drones that these companies say that You can take off anywhere. They're showing them taking off from like small platforms in the ocean. They can stay up in the air for 14 plus hours. Yeah, they're small and they do have propellers. I will say that. But Yeah, and like I said, I mean, you know, it's not, the question is, and are, are all of these drones, you know, explainable by aliens? And the question obvious the answer obviously is no. The question is, are any of these bonafide UAP? And there's definitely some evidence to suggest that's the case. But again, there's always misidentification of more conventional stuff. Right, right. And there's always, and then there's a stubborn core percent. Like I'll give you an example, and this is something that I've discussed a little bit recently.


Did you find it okay? Yes. Okay, good. Finally we got that, that enigma worked out. Yeah, it's just your five G's very slow. Oh really? Yeah. You're using at and t. What are you using? Oh, are you using Verizon? Verizon. I use Verizon too. Really? Yeah. It's just real slow. Do I have, do I have a whatchamacallit on That off? Actually, I accidentally sent myself these other ones of the guy holding it up too. Oh Cool. Yeah. That's cool. That's, that's Craig Lindsay. So I'll send this to you, Jamie. So Let me tell you a little, a little story. It's pretty cool. Which I never thought that this would happen. I, there's a guy, Kirk McConnell, who senate Armed Service Committee and he participated at the very last minute in my, in my film.


He's in the trailer and he in an official capacity with a high level clearance. He had been investigating UFOs ever since the New York Times article in 2017. So he was behind the scenes 20 17 20 18, the tail end of 20 17, 20 18, 20 19, 20 20, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24. And then he stepped down and he came through some intel folks. We got in touch and I said, Hey man, my film's almost done. If you want, I could squeeze in one final interview. He decided to participate up, he went, we became friends, we've been talking and he said, Hey, I could probably arrange a meeting because there's some mutual interest in some UFO cases and evidence that I've been going after as a civilian.


But he goes, Hey, on the inside if you want I can hook you up with the, with the heads of aero, the new heads of Aero, John Klowski and this other guy Ryan, who was Air Force Office of Special Investigations. This is just a couple weeks ago. So I went to the congressional hearings, which was incredible. And people say, oh, it was a big nothing burger. But you know what, it was very exciting seeing people testify under oath. There was a, there's a Crash Tival program seeing an arrear Admiral Tim got glaude saying that they're under the water. I mean, it's pretty fascinating stuff. Yeah. So I had to, I had to apply for a, a security background on me, which was about 48 hours. And then I got approval for that. And then I showed up in a wing across the street from the Pentagon and I had to go through the metal detector.


And then there are these kind of exciting for me 'cause I had never had this kind of experience before. There were these like glass tube type things that were lined up like in a row. And I, only one person can go in at a time the doors open, just like in Star Trek. And you walk in and that door closes and another one opens. You go through the other side. Then I had to get rid of my phone and everything and leave it outside. And then I go into a skiff, which is a sensitive compartmented information facility, skiffs all super top secret, whatever. And, and I got to meet with the new head of Aero John Klowski. And I was like, I can't believe I'm in the belly of the beast. This is crazy. Like I'm, how, how could I, I'm a civilian, I don't, I don't belong here.


But we started talking just very nonchalantly, you know, I said, Hey, you guys gotta throw us a bone. I said, you know, we're not going away. This story is not going away. And I said, you know, And you know what we're ultimately dealing with, I mean obviously the vast majority of UAP or UFOs can be and have been explained away in, down to earth conventional terms. Right. But there's a stubborn core 15 20% that really defy conventional explanation, not because of the lack of data, because they truly can't explain what these things do. And, you know, well you've had many people on these objects exhibited technology that's just light years advance from anything that we have. I mean, it's just, and it's been well documented since the 1940s and possibly some people say way before that.


But modern day UFO wave, no question. So there's two, you know, two stories. One is someone's been in possession of this revolutionary technology for 85 plus years and kept it secret or two, we're not alone. Right. Right. And H Chi, So I said, I said to the gentleman very candidly, you know, we're probably dealing with a small percentage of of NHI, I mean, what's the plan to tell the general public? And this is just a couple weeks ago. And he looked at me and he goes, James, I can't part my hair without approval from the DOD and you can quote me on that. And that was him in my opinion, telling me, Hey, this is structured in a way that's, that I am, my hands are tied.


Yeah, I can, I can uncover All the things in the world, but I can't tell the general public or even congress without the DOD approving it first. Yeah. So that's what's kind of happening right now. And one of the reasons why we were so fortunate to get the number of, of I say whistleblowers or potential whistleblowers or people to come forward in The Program, is because they were super frustrated with the previous head of a head of era, which is this guy named Sean Kirkpatrick, which basically just kind of blanket, You know, denied pretty much almost, almost everything. And people were extremely disappointed with that. But Just like Blue Book. Yeah. Kinda like Blue Book. Yeah, Yeah. They've always done that. Right? Yeah. But, But again, it brings us back. But not everybody's doing it. Not everybody's Doing it. Right. There's a bunch of, well, I think now also with the internet, there's, there's ways to get information out that's much quicker and cleaner.


No question than trusting a reporter. Yeah. You know, and then your life's in danger. Yeah. And the reporter gets threatened and Yeah. Yeah. Now things just kind of get out. So, so, Well I've thought about this like, you know, I'm going back to Brazil and I thought, you know, I'm obviously going after, You know, additional eyewitness testimony. I'm going out to the photographic stuff and to those of you out there that are like tired of hearing about it. Well, I spent 20 plus years in search of the photograph that I featured just now, that one with the background story on it, Providence, that sort of thing. Jamie, Go look at the one that I sent you. It's a better version of it. Yeah. And, and so i's not like I just, because you, you know, you can't, after a year or two, haven't successfully obtained stuff.


So this is a better version of it. Yeah. It's a better version that you can see the granular of the film footage. It's weird. It's almost looks like there's something in the back. It Does look a little bit like that, like A little propeller or something, like a Jetson type thing. But, but let's just say That thing was silent, Supposedly silent according to the witnesses that didn't make any sound and hovered there for an extended period of time. And when it took off, it took off straight vertical like this, straight Up fast. It started going fast, faster, faster, faster. And it was gone. Yep. That was, that was Craig led who interviewed the witnesses who told me that. And it's so weird though, according to Richard Greaves in Scotland, the Americans got involved. Of course, we get involved in everything. Yep. They showed up and they intimidated the shit outta the witnesses.


And I, I know people can criticize me for reporting on these alleged men in black, but it's not me saying it. It's the witnesses that are saying it. And I did it full bore for the first time, full bore, for the first time in moment of contact because I remember hearing these stories for decades and I finally was like, everyone's gonna think I'm crazy if I report on this. But this lady who was the mother of the two daughters that saw that had these visits and the intimidation, and I was like, screw it. I'm just gonna report on this and I'll just take the criticism. You know? And then I wasn't expecting this for the, to be the case with this photograph, but lo and behold it was. But anyway, it's, it's a huge story.


It, in my opinion, they can't put the genie back in the bottle. It's coming out and it's drip, drip, drip. But I have to remind your audience, people that are feeling impatient, that we've had three open congressional hearings in the last three years. Yeah. It's, We hadn't had any in over 50 years prior to that. It's definitely, even though it's still difficult to get information and figure out what's actually going on, there's way more open mainstream discussion of it. Way more, Way more. And it's, and it's frustrating at times. I get it. Course Of course. You know, people are like, oh, well why all these people, why can't they just say, why can't David Gus just tell us? You know? Well, I can remind people that the DOD has stripped David of his clearances and won't allow him to get into a skit. This is one of the things that I, I talked to this guy, Brian Benner appears in the movie at Politico, and he goes, he goes, if Congress finds out about it, one thing we know on the hill is that you're gonna find out about it.


They, they can't keep a secret, it's gonna leak. So they've been doing everything they can, I imagine is the DOD to prevent grush from going into a skip with members of Congress to release and reveal the classified details necessary to verify his claims. Okay. If You've been keeping this under wraps for 60 plus years or whatever they've been doing, yeah. Would you really tell a OC Would you really pull her aside and tell her? Well, I mean, any members of Congress with the proper clearances and feel like they want to have that information. I mean, you got Not, nothing wrong with her. Yeah. I'm not even saying her. I'm just saying that's pick a young one. Well, you, you're gonna give them all that information. You, they exactly. They don't want them to have that information. Right.


There's no question about it. I mean, I would, That, that's what I would imagine. That's probably why they won't let Grush get into his ski. So here's another thing I'd like to mention is that David Grush claims that he gave even a street address to the ICIG, which is Thomas Monheim. That's the intelligence Community Inspector General. So I'm asking members of Congress to support All the efforts, you know, per perche who's been amazing, regardless of what your politics, the guy's phenomenon. He's been really pushing for transparency. He's a super solid guy. You got mace, you got Musk Murkowski, what's his from, from Florida Garcia from California, A OC, New York Luna. And then Of course you've got the senate side, you got Rubio who totally knows where this stuff is.


Rounds Schumer. And if you look at the NDAA, you can see the language in plain sight. I mean, it's, it's, it's phenomenal what's going on. And I, and I, I think that our elected officials that are really pushing for transparency need to hear from us, need to hear from the citizens, and know that we support their efforts and that we have their backs. And, and continuing to, to push for transparency to, to push, to find out what the hell's going on. I mean, imagine if it's true. Imagine if we have spaceships and we have biologics bodies. Okay. That is not just implications for the United States. That's global implications.


I mean, the impacts the ripple effect that would have around the world for that confirmation to happen. No doubt It would be Huge. Well, the human race deserves to know it. It shouldn't be unelected officials and Defense Department people that know about this stuff. That's crazy. I totally agree. Unless, unless this is what I, I had a conversation with Ryan Graves yesterday. The way I would argue it, if I was a military person, I would say, this is a national security interest. And we are trying to back engineer this stuff. We're not successful if China steals our data. If Russia can back engineer one before, if Iran gets one before us, we're fucked. 'cause these things are insanely sophisticated. We would, we would obviously weaponize the technology. That's obvious.


Oh gosh. Yeah. Duh duh. It's like 1 0 1, right? Yeah. Why would we, not The basics. I mean, if you could put a nu on one of those things, I mean, the exhibited technology, the people say, people that have witnessed this stuff say it goes from a standstill to outta sight in the blink of an eye. I mean, these objects, what was it, David Fravor said it, it went from space 50,000 feet above sea level to 50 to sea level. In one second. In one second. Yeah. That's insane. It's insane. We talked about it yesterday, like it's Oh, you did? Yeah. It's insane amount of speed. And gr the way Ryan explained it in terms of like, the amount of force you would need is equivalent to how many nuclear bombs did he say I recall something insane.


Like the entire nuclear arsenal has to be to generate that kind of power. Whatever it is, it's, if, if these stories are true, it's doing something that we don't understand. So if it's ours, I kind of get why they wouldn't wanna spill the beans. My thought once was what if this is not weaponize with our current technology? Like what if these our, these things are our drones, but they don't know how to put a weapon on it yet. Like, because whatever you do, I, I have a problem with, with That moves at a speed. I have a problem with that theory. And the problem I have is that the United States government has documented close encounters of a third kind that's being connected, right?


That's their own files. Right? That's not me saying it. Right. So it's not just these objects exhibiting revolutionary technology for at least 80 years, right? No wings, no tail, no visible means of propulsion, the ability to hover, accelerate outta sight in the blink of an eye, right? Angle turns at high speed, no wake, no sonic, boom. Yeah. That kind of stuff. But you also have reports, credible reports of being connected to some of the craft and that's documented all around the world. So that eliminates right if it's True. Well, yeah. It's just the whole thing, like, just because something's written down somewhere doesn't mean that someone didn't write it down as a psyop, sudden dumb, someone didn't write it down to discredit other people with a ridiculous story.


One way to discredit a credible story is to attach it to a bunch of ridiculous stories, right? So if I was gonna hide some sort of technology, one thing I would do is connect it to a bunch of kooky stuff, a bunch of psychic stuff and remote viewing. Just a bunch of things that people like very easily dismiss. UFO abductions, UFO encounters, encounters with an actual being, right? But put a bunch of stuff in there that like, makes people go, what is this real? And just enough, just enough so that you can hide the real stuff in there. Well, I think I'm, and again, I'm not, I'm playing devil's Acting. Yeah, yeah, no, I totally you. That's, I and I, and again, I I've said this already on the show, and I'll say it again, is like the reason why I believe David Grs, who testified, not just 'cause he testified I believe David, but David doesn't have firsthand experience that He's talked about.


But, but the reason I know, I know, but the reason why I believe Kim is because it aligns with my research in the field. Remember I spent over 12 years investigating on and off with my buddy Marco Al in, in, in Virginia, Brazil, that UFO crash case. And only found out last minute, the last time I was there that the Americans were involved. So I was like, oh my God. The rumors are, are true. Like, you know, the Americans really are. Do you see, like, I obviously looked into Roswell for years. I went to Roswell, the 50th anniversary. This is how the deal works, bro. You want the aid, we get the UFOs, we give you the aid, but if a crash ufo, you fucking call us. Yeah. Stay outta there. Don't be carrying that dude to the hospital.


Leave it to us and then we'll just scoop that up and shut the fuck up. What, what do you think about that? The, the, one of the craziest stories is that there's a building somewhere that's an enormous building that was actually built around Built around the ufo. Around the ufo. 'cause the UFO was too big to move. Yeah. Have you heard this story? I it was reported on News News Nation with Ross Cold Hart. Well, that's gotta be real. And I, well, Ross Cold Hart is a credible, He seems legit. He's got an accent. He Seems pretty legit. He's got a great accent. He's got an Australian accent. He's, that's not quite British. We Believe you if you have an accent, but, but it's, but it's close. You're more credible than a, a New York accent. There's Something about a British accent that just adds credibility to anything. It was some guy from New York. So we got this fucking car fright. Sorry, we put it over. Absolutely. Huge, huge.


This spaceship's so fucking big. Yeah, we build a building around it. But, but They, they talked about it. Now here's, Here's the, what is this building and where's it supposed to be? I, I don't know. Oh, you're holding it back? No, no. You have an Investigated this Wet. No. Oh, I have a little bit, but I don't have the same connections on that. But I, but I'll tell you a case that I do think needs to get looked into. Oh, you, you gonna, you gonna move us around away from this? Yeah. Because move away from this. Well, this is no, but this is a craft, a recover Craft isn't the government agent this guy? He's trying to, So there's a, there's a memo in The Program that was through the Dopper process was released. Unfortunately, some of the names are redacted. Christopher Mellon obtained it.


It was from a correspondence he had with a high level government official back in 2020. It just got approved for release, I don't know, maybe a year ago. It's featured in the, the, in the, in the dock. And in it, it has the names of not just the gatekeeper, but other people that names who found the gatekeeper to the crash retrieval program. I'm told that unredacted versions of that have been handed to select members of Congress and people that are investigating in an official capacity for the government. But in it, they specifically mentioned a case, not crash, a landed case that happened in 1953 at Kingman, Arizona. So I had made some inquiries with aerospace folks that I've been meeting with quietly, and I'm like, what's this case that you guys keep talking about with the Kingman, Arizona?


They're like, oh. It was like, they just landed and then left. I was like, well, how do you know they la What do you mean? Landed and left? And they're like, well,


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, You can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now You can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time, enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro. Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


This episode is brought to you by TikTok, 7.5 million US businesses from restaurants to mechanic shops to real estate firms rely on TikTok to grow together. They employ more than 28 million people because when small businesses thrive, communities do too small businesses thrive on TikTok. Learn more@tiktokeconomicimpact.com.


The doors were open and nobody home, and they walked off. I said, you mean somebody just flew this thing down? It landed on the ground in the desert and came in Arizona in 1953 and they left the doors open and left. And they were like, yep, that's pretty much what happened. So I'm So, they Left the craft there. Somebody just, they flew it down and left a craft on the ground. I was told that, and I, I wouldn't be repeating this if I didn't think there was some serious credibility to it, but apparently it was. And Well, Doesn't that align with how Diana Paska and Gary Nolan have started describing these things as donations? Well, The individual that I talked to was so funny because this individual was like, not a scratch.


And I grew up not a scratch what? Not a, not a scratch. Not a scratch on the, no, it was perfect. Didn't have a scratch. I was like, oh my gosh, this sounds like somebody who's more than just heard about this. But that the one of the aspects of it didn't have a scratch on it. So I think that's, that's a case that I think that people should Definitely, so the firsthand witness said it didn't have a scratch. I don't know if it was the way they scratched. So this is the problem. This is the problem I have with all this stuff. But here's the thing. If you Were Travis Walton, yes. Okay. Love that guy. I love that guy too. Fascinating story. I really enjoyed, there's, we got a bobblehead that's a Travis Walton Bobblehead. Oh, no way. Yes.


Oh way. Oh my. I got it from Travis. That's him staring at the sky. Oh my gosh. When he was a young man, I went to the location at the remote Spot. So that is, I'm interested in that because that's a firsthand witness. Yes. Right. That's a guy. Yes. He's explaining his bizarre experience. He's told the same story, no Question. For Whatever, 50, 60 years, whatever the hell it's been. 1975, whatever it Was since he got abducted 50, almost 50 years. So this guy was there. That was his story. Yep. That I'm interested in that when I hear a guy told a guy that this is what happened and this is how he described it. Totally. I'm like, mm. Super frustrating. So talking to Jay Sands. Yes. First Hander again firsthand was like, what The, yeah. Fuck are you saying? Yeah. Face to face. Yes. Tell me what he was doing.


What did it look like? Yeah, that's nice. He said he thought it was an adolescent too. He didn't think that it was a full grown one. He thought it was young. Well, He's got an illustration of it in the documentary, and I'll tell you, it's, it's one of the crazy I remember after hearing, can you imagine? Oh, I know. I was like, if this is true, I was like, this is crazy. Do You imagine face to face? Imagine being that person. Now this is something that we didn't reveal in the documentary. It was really funny. He thought that this individual was suffering from a frostbite or, what's that when you get really cold? Hypothermia. Hypothermia. Yeah. Skin had a blue tint to it. So he was take, he took his jacket off and he very insistently put the jacket on this individual. 'cause he was taking, this person's really, really cold. It's been out in the desert, probably had a plane crash or whatever.


Right. And so he's putting his jacket and the person was kind of resistant. But Jason said that I insisted, I took one layer of my jacket and I put around this individual and that individual left with the jacket on. Oh. So we jokingly, I jokingly say, where do you think your jacket is now? Wow. He's like, probably out there and El Atari or Godly knows or Right here. Yeah. Yeah. Or, or, yeah. Or This is the thing that gets me, or right here. Legi. Logistically. Yes. Okay. If these things are coming from the ocean, just logistically, you'd have to have a large ship. So we, we were talking about this with Ryan yesterday. Yeah. And I was saying like, if they had a battleship, we'd be able to see that. Right. Like 100% he says. So it would have to be a submarine. So I'm like, Jesus Christ, what if there really is some sort of a civilization underwater that that has existed coexisted with us forever.


Did you hear about the testimony by rear Admiral Tim Galludet just recently in Congress? Is this the one where the thing's moving underwater? 500 knots? Yes. He's reporting. He's reporting. Explain, Explain it to people what He said. I don't have All the, you can look up just what you can remember. Yeah. What I can remember is basically is confirming that we have objects that are exhibiting a technology underwater that defies any convectional explanation. Things that are just virtually impossible. Like so much faster than the fastest submarine or anything like that. Just, and they're really big. Yeah. It's moving as if there's no resistance underwater. Yeah. And then They can So moving like a fighter jet wood in the air, it's moving like that underwater. Yeah. We'll call it transmedium or something that can do that. Yes.


But they're, but confirmation, I mean that's, and I actually spoke to, to, to rear Admiral Tim Galludet on a couple of occasions recently. And I thanked him for coming forward to testifying. And he said, you know, I felt an obligation to do so because a lot of my men, the pilots were coming forward and I wanted to back them up. And so, good man. That's why, that's why you stepped forward and, and testified, Well, if, if you're, if you're coming here from somewhere else and you wanted to hide in plain sight, you would hide in the ocean. Especially if you have the technology to like completely negate any of the effects of the, the water and the pressure. At least explore this place on earth. Yeah. We can't get to it. We don't have the technology yet.


They know, we don't, they know it's really hard to get a submarine out to wherever the fuck they would Be. What's his name? Went to the bottom of the Mariana Trench. Cameron. Cameron. By himself a wild boy. I I would never do that. He's A wild boy. Yeah. That's, Isn't that like 35,000 feet down? How far is It? It's something bizarre like that. I mean, that's those poor folks that Would you go down in a submarine by yourself? Fuck, No. Definitely Not a hell no. A homemade one. Like the one those people died in. Yeah. But that was, there's another thing about that case. When the people went down that submarine, apparently, I guess it's the Navy has some sort of very sophisticated underwater audio sensors and they heard the implosion and they knew about it like immediately And didn't report on it.


Well, I mean, I think the problem with reporting on is that you have to report on your technology now. Ah, yeah. So I don't even know if this has been confirmed, but this is what I had heard Methods and means, or, Well, it's also, it's gotta be top secret. It's gotta be one of those things where if you're gonna reveal that you heard that you have to have clearance to do it, you probably have to run it up the ladder. One of the reasons why we know about overhead satellite imagery of UAP is because of Ratcliffe, who was former head of ODNI. And he came forward and I remember, it's funny actually, 'cause it was classified and Christopher Mellon participated in this latest production with me because of Ratcliffe revealing it on Fox News.


And Ratcliffe basically says, yeah, we have overhead collection satellite data of UAP that are pretty fucking far out and that Wow. Yeah. That, that happened. So they're talking about this, but getting back to your point, 'cause I know you said you were frustrated. You were like, oh yeah, it's just another anecdotal piece of evidence, a piece of testimony. Third party, not firsthand. I'm not saying I'm frustrated. No, no, no, no. I, no, I, what I'm saying is I totally agree with you. I'm frustrated as somebody who's been chasing this story for 30 years, I too want access to the better, more compelling data. Yeah. That's why I chase after that photograph I just shared with you earlier on for as long as I did, because I, I hear about something, I go after it. But I wanna remind your audience, you can't go after something without knowing that it exists.


So you get the leads you find, you start, we're learning more about the programs. We're learning how these programs are, are hidden. These woo SAPs, they're waived, unacknowledged, special access programs probably hidden somewhere in the do, I know it sounds crazy, but, but least guiding, giving some guidance to where these things and how these things are hidden, where they might be found. We reveal, there's a gentleman in the film called Navy X and people are like, ah, it's such another person testifying anonymously. Well, yes, true. But he gives us specifics on telling members of Congress where to look to find spec specifics. Jic, what is it? And this is where to find the more compelling data. I'm gonna read this because it's important that people know that.


He's saying, look, I've seen it, and this is where it is. It's called the official UAP data is kept either in sipper, secret internet Protocol router network or jic joint worldwide intelligence communication system that's used by the DOD and only available in a skiff f and a skiff is a sensitive compartmented information facility. So is it frustrating to hear that? And people criticize, oh, it's just another person. But he's saying, I've seen it, it's phenomenal. He gives descriptions of some of the stuff he saw, and he's telling members of Congress, if you have the clearances, this is where it's being kept. So those are very good specifics. And again, I remind you guys like, okay, just be patient. This is not a hundred yard dash.


We're running a marathon right now. An ultra marathon. We need ultramarathon. We are, we're Trying to get back to what I was talking about earlier. Logistically. Logistically, I'm kidding. If you're letting something go from the ocean Yes. If you're flying it out the ocean, logistically, you would have to have some sort of a large craft out there that's going to house these things. Or it's gonna launch from, right. Yeah. Yeah. If it is actually coming from the Ocean. Oh, I see. The, the drones you're talking about right now. Right? Yes. So either there are ours and if there are hours Yes. How do they hide the fact that there's a battleship out there, if is that possible? And if, if it's from a submarine, how do they develop a submarine that can launch 50 car sized or SUV sized drones from?


Yeah. That's one of the things that Christopher Mellon said to me this morning. He goes, that's just, that's the one element or aspect that that really is a head scratcher. Because, But this is the question. 50 50 of these things coming in off the ocean, that's just confirmed. Right, right. No one's denying that. But, but Here's the question. Yes. Is it possible to classify the location of a US battleship that's capable of having these things big, So big? How Could you, like what, how big would it have to be to launch 50 drones? God, you're not talking, you're talking. I don't know, man. But that's, that's the question's. A lot of drones, right. Especially the size. They're reporting. They're talking about drones the size of an SUV. Right? So let's Super long loiter Time.


Let's imagine, let's imagine you, so when you take a ferry, how many cars can a ferry fit on it? I take a ferry All the time in Vermont over to New York's Big one. Like a legit one 50, like a European fer 50 cars. I put, well, the one that's medium legit, I put hm, 25, 30, maybe 40, 25 to 40. Okay. Yeah. So couldn't you more Than you think. Couldn't you do that with drones? And couldn't you have something that's a little larger than the average ferry? So you wouldn't need a battleship. Why Would they do that? Why would they do that in the residential areas? Why would they have everybody scratching their heads? All these press conferences? You, you're talking about the head of the gang of eight. Right.


You know, but If they're, if they need to Control those guys, You can do the, you're not gonna tell the, If they are really looking for a nuke. Oh, okay. Let's imagine that this story about, you know, a Ukrainian nuke from the time when they, they disarmed them. There's one that's unaccounted for, this is one of those stories that's been on the internet. I don't know if it's true. Yeah. That it's unaccounted for and that they think it's headed to the United States. If you were trying to find that thing Like a dirty bomb. Yeah. Or like a, a just a regular nuke that if you're looking for gamma rays, like you could devise a drone that could search for that and you'd fly it over an area and you wouldn't care whether people freaked out because it's more important to find this goddamn thing.


Right. So if you have this technology, it's some skunk work technology You can't do from space. No, I don't think so. I think you have to be there. Certain Proximity within, within, I think to pick up whatever. Did you bring this up with Ryan Graves? Yes. What did he say? You Mean he doesn't know either? He doesn't know. You know, he doesn't think so. Everybody That I Trust is, he doesn't think that's the issue. People in the f fbi, I, people that I'm, I I communicate with often, I'm like, what is going on? It almost seems too sexy that the United States has that kind of ability and they're just flying these things around and that they're doing it for that specific reason to find a nuke. It's like that we have this kind of technology that we didn't, we none of us are aware of that we have these, these drones that can shut off when you come close to them, the lights shut off.


They disappear. They Yeah. That go Dark. Avoid, avoid tracking the RF signal. Yeah. It doesn't show up. They, they're cool. There's some, they have some sort of cooling mechanism in 'em, so it's difficult to see with infrared. I don't understand any of that. He was saying that's above what we can do right now. And he's saying they, but they're not moving in a way necessarily that's not possible with drone technology that is mainstream. But there's some aspects of the way they move And what, what they're doing that doesn't lead them to believe that this is current state-of-the-art technology. As far As we know it, there's no, yeah. They even, even, I had some intel people tell me, like, even if it's conventional, it's highly advanced. Conventional. Right. But if, let's look at China, like China has highly advanced drones.


Yeah. They're drone. They're whole, we were talking about this as well, that the bottleneck in America was the A FAA. The FAA put a lot of restrictions on the manufacturer of drones and how You can do 'em, what you can do. China doesn't have any of that. So they're full steam ahead with innovation. If you look at what drone manufacturers in the United States have been able to do, and then imagine untethered if they weren't fucked over by all these regulations that got in the way of innovation, who just come, obviously you have to have one because if you have some commercial drone that someone can buy that can move 500 miles an hour and fly through the air and stay up there for six hours at a time and film video of everything and anything.


Well, and you, you can't control it. You can't block the, the radar screen. You can't find it with infrared. That's pretty nuts. So I would imagine that would not be a thing that they would want in the hands of the average American person. But Why did it just start happening fairly recently? When I say this? Well, I'm saying if it's Chinese, if it's Chinese, if they, if they're unburdened by our regulations, and not only do they have the help of the government, they have financing behind them. They have an imperative. They're, they're told what to do. But, but They're flying in over Langley. They're flying in over, Wouldn't you do that Just To fuck with these people? What's, what's the golf course that Trump has? Yeah. His golf course. Yeah. What's that called? I don't know. Westminster Bedminster or something.


Likem. They're flying over that. Yeah. The president-elect. So It's like Langley Air Force Base did experience incursions of unauthorized, unmanned aerial systems in last year. December, 2023 says, Sabrina Singh, Pentagon, spokeswoman, the number of those UAS incursions did fluctuate, but they didn't appear to exhibit any hostile intent. It's something that we have kept our eye on. Well, thank God you're keeping your eye on it. Yeah. And we have no idea what they are, but they, they're fine. Nothing to worry about. Right. Course Yesterday, this has been happening. This is the third year in a row. This has been happening right around Christmas time. Well, that's one of the reasons in Santa Claus, one of the reasons why I wanted you guys to hear that account by the guy at Vandenberg Air Force Base. This is not an anonymous reporting. The guy's giving his name. Right. And he is talking about objects that are the size of a football field.


Yeah. Hovering over a silo launch control area. That's also the Phoenix Lights. They described them as size of a football field or larger. Oh yeah. Well, the, yeah. Well, I interviewed a guy, there was a case that happened in, right here in Texas, Stephenville. Ricky SOL's, one of the best witnesses. I love the guy. He was a, he was a hunter. And he's like, he's like James. He's like, you could've landed an airplane on this. I said, you gotta be kidding me. He goes, no, man. He goes, I stood under this thing. He goes, it was so big. I was standing under it. And he had his rifle and he's standing under it and he is looking up and he is looking to the left. He's looking to the, to the left, right back forward. Can't see the edge of it in any direction. So he grabs his hunting rifle.


'cause he was, he was hunting, dear, this is 2008, grabs his Hunting rifle, please. Dumb. He shot it. No. Well, so he holds his honey rifle, his rifle up, and he is looking through the scope and he goes, James, I'm a metal worker. I work with metal. I know what metal looks like. And he's looking through the scope and he goes, man, there's no rivets. There's no seams, there's no weld marks. He's like, there were these on the belly of it, there were these reverse like recessed cones. It's like bigger. And then they got smaller as it went up into the belly of the craft. He's looking up at it and his fingers on the trigger. And he's like, man, I wonder it wasn't that hard. I go, I wonder what happened if I just pulled the trigger here and I bet it would ricochet off or hit the belly or something. So he is looking at it, and he's just about to pull the trigger to check it out.


And he goes, Hmm, maybe this isn't such a good idea. I interviewed him in 2008 when this was going down. And then about a year later, I was doing some follow up interviews for a film. I did. I know what I saw. And I had this gentleman walk up to me and I was filming in, in the downtown square in Stephenville, or it might have been Dublin. And this gentleman looks at me and he goes, you, Mr. Fox? And I was like, yes. And he pulls out a badge and he shows me is his badge. And he's like, can I talk to you for a minute? I'm, I'm officer so-and-so. And I was like, Jesus Christ, what the hell did I do? And I said, yeah, sure. And we walk off to a cafe and he goes, he's looking at, he had his back, he had his back to the wall and the cafe so he could see everybody coming in.


He was really paranoid. And he said, You know, Ricky SOLs? I said, yeah. And he goes, that guy's telling the truth. I said, how do you know? He goes, 'cause the whole police department saw it. I can't remember if it was Dublin Police Department or Stevenville, I think it was Dublin, Steven Police Department. And he goes, yeah, man, we, he said, we, we were sitting over the patrol cars. And this object was like a floating department storm. It was absolutely colossus colossal like a city. Took out my radar gun, pointed at it. And it was doing 22 miles an hour. And then he said it drifted off. And they, one of the officers, I don't remember the name of the gentleman, took his, his gun, his, sorry, his dash cam. And he flipped it up and he filmed it. And apparently one of the biggest mistakes he this individual made, this police officer made was that he didn't make a copy of it.


'cause the local Air Force base requested that film footage and Got it. And so I've been telling people to go after that stuff exists. But my point is, this object was so big. People claim the witnesses, the firsthand witnesses that you could landed on an airplane on it. Yeah. What's that? I mean, what is, what is that, what is that Are the cases, what happens is you see that, that's the thing. Like if you see that, do you even tell people You sound like a kook. Yeah. Well, like if I saw it, if I was outside in the desert Yeah. And I just chilling and something so big that I couldn't see the edges of it. Yeah. Flew overhead. I don't know what I'd say. He said when it took off, it was like this. He goes, James and Ricky didn't want to give me an on-camera interview for the longest time.


He said, I'm not coming forward. I'm not gonna do it. I'm not going public. I worked on him for eight months. Finally, I got the green light. I flew back out to Texas, got him on camera, put him in the movie. But he said when it took off, it went from this a complete standstill. And it went straight up, like at a slight angle, but straight up and gone. He goes, James, I said, describe the acceleration. He goes, yeah, I'll tell you the, the best way I can describe it. Had I blinked, I would've, I would've missed it. That's how fast it took off. So it went from here like that. He had, he had helicopters hovering over his, I know this sounds crazy. People are gonna be like, oh, this big, you know. But he had helicopters flying over his property for a while. Right around the time that I was trying to get him to go on camera.


He came out in his underwear and his shotgun late at night with his helicopter, spotlighting him up. And he ended up calling the local Air Force base and said, stop flying over my house at night. And they said, we suggest you stop talking about what you saw. And so he was kind of spooked. And about eight months later, he finally, he, he finally decided that he was gonna go public with the story. But you know, everything to lose, nothing to gain, you get this countless reports of these cases, you know, and, and, and they're around the world. Right. It's not just the United States. I've demonstrated that time and time again, but There's more of 'em in the United States than anywhere else. Right. Well, I mean, one of my favorite cases, Ru Zimbabwe, that's an amazing case. Right? Right, Right. But there's more sightings in the United States than Anywhere else.


Right. There seem seems to be an attraction, almost like a, a moth to a flame with, with nukes. Somehow they're interested in our nuclear capabilities. And, and, and I, I remember interviewing Robert Salala, who was a launch control officer, who described this whole event at TRO Air Force Base in the sixties, where these UFOs were witness on the base. And then All the minute men missiles started getting shut down. And I, I remember saying to him like, well, what, what, what's, what's your take on that? Like, what kind of, you know? And he goes, and I could real, I realized why this individual was a launch control officer, because he was so measured and so calm and so cool.


And he goes, well, James, the message I got was kind of clear. It's almost like taking matches outta the hands of a baby about the nukes. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, with the phenomenon, you look at what they do, right. And that, that says some things. They've done some pretty brazen events right. Over the, around over the decades. But you also look at what they don't do. Because if the phenomenon wanted to end this like, you know, secrecy once and for all, all they'd have to do is hover over the Macy's day parade or a, or the next big Super Bowl and it's game over. They don't do that. They've done some pretty brazen things.


Right. I mean, a case in point, March 13th, 97 over the state of Arizona, including the governor, Fife, Simonon witnessed that massive, there were a number of UFOs witnessed, but that the main one, you know, was this big boomerang shaped craft. And even the governor said, it must have been at least a mile across wing, wing tip that floated. And I actually interviewed people that worked at Luke Air Force Base at the time, and they said that they scrambled jets to intercept this thing. And I interviewed a number of people that saw that craft, I mean, that stood on their, that light down in their lawns and watched it float over the top of them. And apparently, according to this individual that I met in the, in the late nineties at Luke Air Force Base, they scrambled a military jet to intercept this thing he came up on.


It could have landed on the damn thing. It was so big. And it went from moving very, very slowly to accelerating, like warp drive, boom, just gone. When the jet came back to the base, Luke Air Force base, they had to carry him out of the, the plane, I'm told, because he was so shaken by what he saw. Yeah, I could imagine you wouldn't handle that. Well, Can you imagine having to keep that secret? No. Can you imagine, like, could you imagine taking the, well The governor would've to lie, right? The governor had to like, stand up with a, a robe, a guy in a Dressed in an alien suit. Yeah, an alien costume. Five symington. Yeah. And then I hammered Him on that One. Well, then afterwards, once he left office, then he talked about it. Yes. And he talked about seeing it. Yes.


Yeah. Yeah. I got, I wonder why He had to do that though. I, I got, oh, well, so I interviewed him. I was the one that got him to break his silence after 10 years. And he told me, and I don't necessarily know that I fully believe it, but he told me, 'cause initially when it happened in, in March and that, remember the vast majority of people were out of the night sky to get a glimpse of the hell Bobb comment. So everybody was witnessed All the way across the state of Arizona and even in Nevada, Southern Nevada. And Yeah, that's Him. Yeah. There he is. Fife told me that it was growing hysteria. But initially he had set out and he said, we're gonna find out. I'm contacting Luke Air Force Base, reached out to the Pentagon and all these various services and we're going to, we're gonna get to the bottom of it.


And then, I don't know how much longer it was. Was it later that day or was it the next day? He had an unscheduled press conference and that's when he had his aide dressed up in an alien suit and made a mockery of it all. And I can assure you pissed the hell off his constituents and the witnesses all across the state of Arizona. They were furious. And I confronted him on that 10 years after the fact because I was pissed off. I was investigating that case when it happened in the nineties. And I interviewed a lot of really good witnesses, really good witnesses. And he said the reason why he did it was 'cause of growing hysteria that he wanted to quiet, calm down the, the hysteria.


But did he get a phone call just saying, Hey, kill this story. I I lean in that direction. But he's never, even when we're having cocktails together, he is never confessed that that happened. But it, it was awfully suspicious the way it all went down. It's a little weird, especially considering he actually saw it. That could have been a turning point in the UFO phenomenon reporting, You know, era. Right? Like suddenly you get this massive siding, which would happen today. We would've been covered by, you know, everybody's phones and whatever. But it, but if the governor had come forward and said, yeah, we need to figure out what that thing is. I'm a former captain in the Air Force, I'm a pilot and I don't, I saw it. I don't know what the hell that thing was. Is there any footage of the actual thing, the, the triangle boomerang looking thing?


There are, there's some footage floating around and I featured some and I know what I saw. You got an object in the night sky with lights. That, and I, at the time, in 2009, I did some kind of enhancement. I'm sure the software is a lot better nowadays of it looks like, like a big, I can draw it like A boomerang. Yeah. But more angular. It was like, like this, like this, my drawing, my drawings are Terrible like that look up at the screen. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Kinda like that. Yeah. Yep. And so that image in the far left, that's, but that's The, yeah.


And there was, that's It right there. Right. So, yeah. And here's something that kind of throws off the trail here, because look at that. Excuse me. The object came down of the state of Arizona. It went from north to south. Is that legit On the right there? Yeah, I, I, I honestly, I, I can't say, I'd have to really do a deep dive into it. But let me tell you what happened. 'cause this is brilliant. So what happened was you got this massive object from around five 30 at night in the southern Nevada. And then it drifts down very slowly over across the entire, from north to south across the entire state of Arizona. And right around 7 38, 8 30, the Gary, the Barry Goldwater mountain range, which is the direction it was heading in the military, decides to drop a bunch of flares.


And so people were like, oh, there it is. There's some, you know, and they, and a bunch of people filmed the flares. So in my opinion, it was a diversionary tactic that was brilliantly done because why the military suddenly decided to drop flares in the shape of somewhat of the shape. So I think that some of the footage that you've seen out there is military flares, but there's, and there was an effort, I dunno if you wanna get into it right now, but there was, there was an effort by the so-called M and b, which the MIB, these men in black or the whatever unknown government agency they come from to that took, that took some footage that I was learning about during my investigations in the nineties.


And I know you're looking at me looking crazy. No, no. But so The first time I really heard a really credible report of the MIB and I decided not to report on it, was when I was in touch with a woman who was Councilwoman Francis Barwood, who was one of the few officials in Phoenix area that was saying, Hey, let's investigate what these people are claiming to have seen. She's not saying aliens have landed. All she's saying is, Hey, these people have a right to know what's going on. Let's launch an investigation. She was lamb pasted over the media, made fun of ridiculed, but as a result of her inquiry, public inquiry and putting it out there, one of these individuals reached out to her, and I know this 'cause I know her, Francis Barbara and I heard the whole story.


And he was a, he was a Vietnam vet, and he was on the roof of his house with a tripod and a camera. And he was trying to get a glimpse. He was trying to film the palbo comment. And he had walkie talkies and he was monitoring the truck drivers driving up Interstate 10 from Tucson to Phoenix. And so he's monitoring this and he hears these truckers talking about a massive UFO and he's like, shit that's heading right towards my house. He was like, I'll film it. So he had a camera all ready to go, and the, and the object went right over his house, according to him. And he filmed the whole thing. And he goes, yeah, I filmed the whole thing. It's pretty spectacular. And I know that you're launching an investigation, Francis Baru, would you like to see it? And she said, yeah. So they made arrangements where he was gonna drop it off at her office, either later that day or first thing the next morning, two representatives.


And it was July at this point. And it was very hot. Two men in dark suits showed up at his house and they said, Hey, he was apparently relieved. That's all they wanted. He said they were quite menacing looking, didn't really say a lot. They said, we're from Francis Barwick's office, we're here to pick up that footage. So he gives them the footage and he said, the only question they ask him is did they make any copies? And he said, no. And so they take the footage off, they go, well, he doesn't hear it from Francis Barwood. He is like, what the hell? So a couple days go by, I think possibly up to a week, he calls her up and he says, and Francis will tell you this, she'll, she'll validate what I'm telling you. He says, Hey, what'd you think of the footage? She goes, well, what do you mean? What did I think of the footage? I never got it.


You were gonna drop it off at my office and you didn't show up. He goes, well, I didn't have to, you had two men from your office show up and pick it up. She goes, I didn't send anybody around to your office. And I know at the time, in the late nineties, I'd heard a couple of stories prior to that. I thought, this is too out there. This is too outlandish. No one's gonna believe this. I have no proof of this other than her testimony. Screw it. And, and I didn't report on it. But hearing those cases over and over and over, it's like, there we go. Once again, the so-called evidence that could prove or disprove one way or the other, that something truly extraordinary took place in the skies over Phoenix back in 1997, vanished. But there is some that, that slip between the cracks that's out there. You just have to do due diligence. And there's, I don't have the time to sift through All of it, but those images that we're looking at, they look too clean.


Yeah. I don't know what's AI generated or whatever, but I, or what could have been in a documentary like a recreation, I know what I saw features some of the footage. I cover that case extensively. So if anyone's interested in the Phoenix Lights case that, but I can tell you How many sight, how many people saw it. Oh, thousands. Yeah, thousands. I talked to another woman, Stacy Rhodes and her daughter Emily, and they said they were driving on Interstate 10. And she goes, look, James, I'm gonna tell you how big this thing was. I said, how big is she goes, first of all, there were people stopped on the freeway, just like stopped as this thing, it was like close encounters floating over the, she goes, I could have held up a newspaper like this and looked to the left, looked to the right, looked that, and she said, I couldn't block this thing out.


That's how big it was. And it didn't make a sound. It was gun metal black. And it was witnessed by a lot of people. That's why I say there's some, some events that have happened over the decades that are pretty brazen. And that's one of 'em. Hudson Valley is pretty brazen as well. I just wish I Knew if it was true. That's the problem. Well, when thousands of people seeing the same thing, if you see thousands of people saying the same thing, including the governor, I know the governor, you get so invested in it and you go, what happened? What the governor, what was that? Yeah, the governor, Same guy who came out with a fucking guy dressed up like an Idiot. Yeah, I know. But I got him to come clean 10 years Later. Yeah. But so he's already not credible. Well, he already bullshits. He does. He bullshits. He definitely bullshits. He definitely bullshits. You're Right. So There You go. You're right. Yeah. But, so when someone bullshits about that, yeah, they might bullshit about anything, But, well, I true.


Yeah, but I mean, I, Again, I'm just playing devil's out. No, I hear you. I, I hear, I hear what you're saying. And I, I, I, He hasn't been a limelight a while. It's a good thing to talk about now. There's No, there's no smoke without fire. There is so much evidence in terms of eyewitness testimony and radar, some photographic, not as much as we'd like. That's something truly inexplicable is taking place in our aerospace. Right, for sure. Something that after careful examination, something that, not because of a lack of data in some instances, but that after careful analysis and research investigation that comes out the other end and says, I can't explain this is gonna have to be one of those unknowns, or, you know, falls into that 15% category of cannot provide a terrestrial or conventional explanation for, and those are the cases that I so desperately have been going after for a long time.


So is all this disclosure and all those discussions on television now and all these meetings and hearings, does it, so are you think we're on an accelerated path? Do you think this is, like, this is all good, right? I I'm convinced of it. Yes. But Do you, but do you think that there's a real possibility like within the next few years that they just completely drop All the bullshit and come clean about this stuff? Or would it take some sort of extraordinary event where they had to admit it something much bigger than this drone thing? Well, in, in some respects, there has been, I I, I, I remember I interviewed this guy, Nick Pope at the MOD years ago. And I was like, this was a time when we were pushing for transparency there. France was, was releasing previously classified documents on UFOs, Liz Nee, as they'd say.


And the MOD followed suit. They were releasing previously classified documents, slowly putting it out there. And at the time it was rather exciting. I just did a big event at the National Press Club with Leslie Kane, and, And it was like this whole move And it was like, oh my God, it's happening. Right? But it, it, it kind of petered out a little bit. And I remember asking this guy that used to work at the UFO desk at the MOD Nick Pope, and I said, Nick, do you anticipate this any type of disclosure? This is like 2009 or something, 2008, 2009. And he goes, James, no. He goes, it's gonna be disclosure with a small D not a big D, it's gonna trickle out slowly condition people, get people prepared, test the waters. You know, one of the things that we explore in The Program, and I'd never done that, is the politics of disclosure.


It's a far more complex, let's just suspend judgment for a moment and assume that it's real. Okay? That there really is an NHIA non-human intelligence aspect to the phenomenon. Right. Let's just suggest that's real. Now, how do you disclose that to the general public? What about the impacts on organized religion? What about the impacts on financial institutions? What about the fact that we'd have to confess that we don't have full control over this? I mean, those are real considerations. And it's not just the United States, right? This involves the planet, this involves All the Humanity. I wanted to ask you about this. Do you See what I'm saying? Like, Oh, I do. It's more complic. I totally understand it. It's more complex than you think. Oh, I totally get that. What do you, how does Russia handle these things?


How does China handle these things? Well, I, there was a case in China that happened in 1994, right around the time of Rua Zimbabwe, also in 1994 called Mungo Gu. And it happened in the Black Mountains, And it was a landing alleged contact close to kind of the third kind. It's funny 'cause it happened right in the same time of Africa. Similar message that was conveyed. I went to China, I met with a active general in uniform, talked openly about the UFO phenomenon. They were pretty open. I went to to Russia in the late nineties, and that was right before Putin. It was right around the time when Putin was coming in. And that was a, a period of openness. And I went to Star City Russia.


I interviewed a Cosman, pave Popovich, a number of generals, and they were very open about it. In fact, they said to me at the time, if you're here to discuss whether or not the UFO phenomenon is real, the doors run over there. We are here to create an international coalition, an international exchange of information, and to talk about the implications of the phenomenon, which I thought was amazing. This is like 25 years ago, right? So now I don't know if things have changed since Putin's been in office, but that was back in the late nineties. I mean, there'd been congressional hearings in Brazil. There's been, there's been an effort. I mean, shit, they had, they had hearings back in 1978 at United Nations that Lee Beagle put on. You know, so there's been an ongoing effort for this stuff to come out.


I just think it's different this time. To me, it feels like they're not gonna, there's too much, there's too much momentum behind it at this point. And there's too much legislation that's written. It's too much that's come out and it's too important. Look, whether you believe it or you don't believe it, if, if you can just imagine for a moment if it is true, and if the US government does in fact have irrefutable evidence that we're not alone in the universe, that's so significant that we all have a right to that information and that we should continue to support this unprecedented push for transparency with our elected officials and get to the fucking bottom of it. Why not? Everybody agrees, right? Yeah. I think everybody Agrees. The general public, no one's gonna disagree with you about That.


Yeah. And the new, new administration's coming in. There's, you know, there's Ratcliffe and Rubio. I'm telling you Rubio knows a lot. I know that. How do you know He Knows? Because I've talked to people that have debriefed him and have been in the room with him during First You haven't talked to him. No, I have not. No, I have not. But I talked to people that were in the room when he was being briefed from first handers. I'm told that there were, I'm gonna say right around 12 firsthand people that have, that have had behind closed doors, meetings firsthand, people that are concerned about their secrecy, concerned about their safety, concerned about the implications and the of them coming forward and, you know, going, going public, that they're not quite, they don't quite have, and this comes from very good source of information that the Witness protection program and the legislation that they've created around that is not quite there yet.


It's getting closer. They need to continue to work on that. You don't mean like witness protections program, like put 'em In hiding whistleblowers. They have whistleblower protection whistle. I'm so sorry. I meant to say that. Yeah. Excuse me. Yeah. Whistleblower protection. It's not quite in place. One of the things I really wanted to mention is that there is a gentleman, a young man who's 30 and he feels like he's old. His name is Jesse Michaels, and he's got this new show called American Alchemy New. It's a couple years old. Why Does he feel like he's old? Because you know, when you're 30 you feel like you're old. Really? Well I did, when I turned 30, I was like, oh, I'm 30. Because just 10 years earlier, I was almost 19, right? Or 11 years earlier. I was 19, right? You go from a teenager to suddenly you're 30. You always take like 30. And I was talking to him not too long ago, Jesse, and I said, he's like, yeah, I feel a little old. I was like, dude, you are just getting into your prime baby.


This is rock and roll tub. But I really wanted to, this is a guy who's young, Julian Dory is also doing some amazing work on this in podcasts, but who's young and is doing a deep dive into the implications and into, he meets with aerospace engineers, the guy's, he's a Jesse, you're a phenomenon. Keep rock and roll. I want to cut tip my hat to you. I dunno if you've seen this guy or not, or No, I haven't. He's doing deep dives into what's happening right now. Maybe I have, he's documented it with these podcasts and he's doing a fantastic job. And I just gotta tip my hat to the guy because he's 10 times smarter than I'll ever be. And he's young and he is a force to be reckoned with. And he's really doing, he's answered All the questions that you and I are exploring all these issues that you and I are talking about.


Well, I'm glad there's people out there pushing it. And I'm glad there's guys like Rush that are sticking their neck out and guys like you who are making documentaries about it. It's the, the subject is much more open to discussion. Like I was saying, amongst serious people. Yes. Where it didn't used to be before. And now I think with this drone thing, I think there's so many people that are going, okay, okay. Even if they're ours or they're China's or who, what's going on? Yeah. Like why are there so many of them? What, what are the answers? And why can't you tell us? Is it because they're searching for a nuke Jesus Christ? Maybe you should warn people, we get the fuck outta here. You know, is that really what's going on? Like, if it's not, what is going on? And if it's not ours, what are they? And how come you can't track 'em? How come?


Like what kind of very Bizarre. It doesn't even make sense. It's very, very bizarre. It doesn't make sense when you think of the capabilities of the United States military. It doesn't make any sense. They can't figure out what's going on. I think what Trump said is probably correct. That the government knows, they know what's happening and they don't wanna tell people For whatever reason. Why wouldn't, you know, he could tell us. Why wouldn't he tell Us? He, I don't think he knows yet. I don't think until he gets into office. So he was, he gave a speech about it at Mar-a-Lago. I saw that. I saw that. But did, did he say, well, Let's watch it. We'll watch it. Yeah, we'll watch it. Yeah. Pull A speech up. Yeah, because I'm wondering if he Yeah, well, we're about to find out. Yeah. Essentially he was saying that he knows that the government knows what's going on and they're not telling us. So that means they're not telling him.


So they're Not telling him. No, I don't, I don't think until you get into office, you're not the president. Right. So he's the president elect. I don't know what kind of Clearances that he has. Yeah. I don't understand how that works. God, I'd be very curious to know what he knows. Right. Especially with this. Like who do even ask, like who's the person that can lay out the information? Like which department? Which, which agency? Yeah. What's here Todd? Yeah. It seems like they're so compartmentalized. What about the Fear of the drones? Believe Mr. President, Good to see you. Thank you. Good to see you. Yeah, Good to see you. Can you comment on the drones that are flying around New Jersey ports and it seems like the, there people have a big dis The governor, the government knows what is happening. Look, our military knows where they took off from.


If it's a garage, they can go right into that garage. They know where it came from and where it went. And for some reason they don't want to comment. And I think they'd be better off saying what it is. Our military knows and our, our president knows. Our President knows. And for some reason they want to keep people in suspense. I can't imagine it's the enemy. Because if it was the enemy that blasted out, even if they were late, that blasted something strange is going on for some reason. They don't want to tell the people. And they should because the people are really, I mean, they happen to be over bedminster, you know, received intelligent preacher. We're very young, they're very close to Bedminster. I think maybe I won't spend the weekend in Bedminster.


Have you been? I've decided to cancel my trip. You Know, I think I won't spend the weekend In Bedminster. Yeah. I mean, wow. I bet someone told him, Mr. President, it's pretty important that you don't go to the golf course. Yeah. God, that's so crazy. Yeah. Hey, So what does that mean? I Gotta, I gotta, if, if you don't mind there, I was contacted, I went to this, this Are you gonna switch? Objection. Well, No, no, No, no, No, no. This is all about exactly what we're talking about. I just, this is something that, that I really need to put out there because it's very important. Okay. And it's an unprecedented effort spearheaded by this woman, Andrea, who runs a number of communities on Reddit. And she said that they're banning together for the first time ever.


It's the biggest grassroots campaign for government transparency. This is happening on Friday the 20th of December at 3:00 PM Eastern time. And this has the potential to reach millions and millions of people. It's the most unprecedented event on Reddit in history. And I'll post all of the necessary information on X because this is a very grassroots effort. And I'm re I'm And what are they Doing At James C. Fox on X, formerly known as Twitter. It's the, the Reddit community is banding together for a huge grassroots campaign for government transparency. So basically All the various platforms on Reddit, like paranormal, UFO, they're all, they don't usually get along too well, but they're all combining their resources and they're getting together for the first time ever.


And to push for government transparency. There's a couple of government insiders that appear in my film that will be appearing on this to answer questions And what steps that need to be happening, what's going on today. And, and this is happening on the 20th of December 3:00 PM And I'll be posting more information, the very specific details on X at James C. Fox. I just wanted to get that out there before because Well, the more this stuff that happens, the better. The more people demand it, the better. Yeah. The more politicians hear from the people and want to, I mean, especially politicians that are up for real reelection. Sure. And they wanna show that they're doing what the people want them to do. Yeah. I I'd like to know more, but obviously I'm very happy that we're hearing much more about the subject in a serious way.


Yeah. You know, whatever the hell's going on. Yeah. Well, I I I, I, I really encourage you to watch The Program. I will. 100%. I went bent over backwards to put together in, in and explain everything in layman's terms what's happened from 2017 to today. Cause it wasn it's unprecedented. We're living in an unprecedented moment in history. There's an unprecedented push for government transparency. And I want to continue supporting our elected officials bipartisan effort to get to the bottom of this. And I especially wanna throw a shot out to Representative Achet because you're, you're killing it buddy. Thank you. Hey Jamie, why don't you use chat GPT and ask chat GPT what's going on with the drones in New Jersey? I'd be very curious to hear about that. Yeah, that's a damn good idea.


And maybe then Ask Rock, but you Want me to ask, Ask chat GPT what is really happening with the drones in New Jersey? We'll just see what chat CPT says. So tell me how that works. I don't know. We find out. So it's, it's ai, right? And What is really happening with the drones in New Jersey. Let's see. So what does chat GPT say? Chat. GP T's gonna search the web. Oh, This is amazing. Numerous drone site had been reported across New Jersey and other the East coast. It's incredible how fast this is. Look how fast. Look at this. This is incredible. Wow. They found no evidence suggesting threat to national security or public safety.


Despite these assurances, some local officials and residents remain concerned. For instance, Bellville Mayor Michael Melham speculated the increased drone activity might be related to a search for missing radioactive material from the medical facility in New Jersey. Additionally, the public figures like Bethany Frankel have shared unverified theories about the drone's purposes, further fueling speculation. The situation is evolving and authorities continue to monitor and investigate new reports. Residents are advised to report any suspicious drone activity to local law enforcement. Avoid taking matters into their own hands, like shooting them down. People are shooting 'em down. So they're shooting them down. They're eating the dogs, attempting cats to shoot down drones as it could pose safety risks and violate laws.


Now ask chat. DPT Me Ask Rock or no? Oh, let's just keep going with chat GBT for a little bit. 'cause you're asking it again. Ask chat GPT. If I live in New Jersey, should I get out of town? Are you serious? Yeah. Yeah. If I live in New Jersey, should I get out of town? Should I evacuate? Yeah. Should I evacuate? Let's say evacuate. 'cause get out of town is like a politicalism. Yeah. Should I evacuate? Okay. This is amazing. At this time, there's no official recommendation for residents in New Jersey. Follow official updates. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Yeah. Okay. As a precautionary measure, are you sure? Sure. I love that. Sometimes You always have to ask it. No federal evacuation orders. Okay. It, it knows that there's no fa federal evacuation orders. If you were gonna give me advice, would you tell me to leave these coast advice is fucked up. There we go. Based on the current information provided by trusted authorities, there's no evidence of an imminent threat. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Could you imagine, put this in, could you imagine a scenario where these drones are actually looking for a nuclear bomb? And if so, would you advise me as a preemptive measure to evacuate? Damn, I almost had it all. I type so much worse when people are watching. I'm so impressed at how well he is typing. Actually, I, I really am. While it's possible to imagine the scenarios involving drone searching for dangerous materials, such as a nuclear bomb, there's no verified information suggesting such an extreme situation.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I, how about this? I think type this in. I, if I put it in grok in fun mode, we might get, but hold on a second, but try this. Is There a non-human intelligence behind? Listen, I think the drones are looking for a nuclear bomb, and I am going to leave New Jersey. Where should I go? It's all Montana. How far away should I go? Oh, that's okay. If you leave New Jersey as a precautionary measure, here's some suggestions for place to relocate temporarily. Texas. You're, you're doing good. Head West. Okay, so now we're getting better. So now it's saying, go further away. Wow, Colorado.


Consider, scroll back to up so I can read that. Where it say, Colorado fastest Consider Durango Grand Junction or areas outside of Denver. These are safe and equipped with modern infrastructure. Almost got and telling you to move. This is telling you to get away from big cities, Durango, Tennessee, the Smoky Mountain region, and Gatlin Berg, Knoxville provides natural beauty, lower cost of living, and a sense of isolation. They're telling you how to rebuild civilization. Okay. If a nuke goes off, Where to go? If an, if a nuke goes off on the East coast, type this in. Jamie. If a nuke goes off on the East coast, I, Where should I be to be safe?


Oh my gosh. If you're concerned about potential nuclear incident, here's a list of safest options based on geographic, environmental and strategic factors. Montana, Montana, Colorado, Wyoming, Idaho, sparsely populated vast distances from major cities and military targets. Towns like Bozeman, Jackson Hole, Sandpoint are beautiful, remote, and away from the fallout paths. Jesus Christ. I'm curious what would happen if you asked chat GBT. Is it G-P-T-G-P Pt If what percentage of UAP represent a non-human intelligence? Okay, that's a good one. What percentage of UAP represent a non-human intelligence?


Really curious. Let's just pulling it from the Internet. I know, but let's see what It says. Still Could represent Non-human intelligence remains unknown. Speculative current investigations by UAP organizations like the US government and emphasize the following. Most UAPs have conventional explanations. A is project blue book bullshit. Salt percent of five or 10% of UAP cases remain unidentified even after thorough analysis. These cases, I was like 15. 15 to 20 characteristics. Five to 10% Evidence Inc. Consistent with known human technology. No conclusive evidence for non-human intelligence. While UAP cases are public puzzling, the government has not officially. Okay. Commander type this in.


Commander David Fravor encountered a TikTok. A tic tac. Yeah. Tick tac shaped craft in 2005. Well, 2004. 2004. Two Three. 2003. Okay. 2003. That defied our understanding of known physics. Period. What do you think he saw? Wow.


2004. I'm encount with tac shape Craft remains, remains one of the most compelling and well-documented UUAP cases in modern history. Key deal details of the encounter. Kraft describes smooth white oblong resembling a tic-tac, no visible propulsion. Wings or exhausts. Played extraordinary flight characteristics accelerated instantly from a hovering position, descended from 80,000 feet to near sea level in seconds. Fravor reported the object mimicked his movements during their engagement and then vanished at extreme speed. It's possible the craft was an ultra secret military project, either US-based experimental aircraft, aerospace technology, or developed by another nation. However, the extreme flight performance raises doubt, such as advanced technology would suggest a significant leap beyond publicly known capabilities, which is inconsistent with current engineering limits sensor anomaly or perception issues.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I asked the heads of arrow. Okay. If they could explain that one. And they said no. If no, type this in. Really good case. If all accounts of the capabilities of the tic-tac craft are true, what are the possibilities that it came from another planet?


If the accounts graphic capabilities are accurate, instantaneous acceleration. Hypersonic speeds without vis propulsion. No heat. S Say it loud so people can hear You. Okay. So if the accounts of the tic Tacs crafts capabilities are accurate, instantaneous acceleration, hypersonic speeds without visible propulsion, no heat signatures and defiance of inertia, then the possibility the possibilities of orig origin being extraterrestrial or from another planet become a viable hypothesis. Here's why. The physics of the tic-tac craft reported behavior, the craft suggests technology that operates beyond our current understanding of physics and propulsion systems. No visible propulsion. It implies propulsion system unrelated to conventional jets or rockets. Instantaneous acceleration defies inertia and Newtonian physics.


Achieving this would require manipulating gravity or space time itself. Silent operation, no sonic booms, despite hypersonic speeds points to a technology that likely emanates eliminates air resistance, such as surrounding itself in an electromagnetic field or bubble. This level of technological advancement far surpasses anything developed on earth. If true such capabilities would suggest a highly advanced civilization per perhaps thousands or millions of years ahead of us scientifically, if true, where do you think it came from? And this was, this was 20 years ago, the work that It had To say. I know, but if true, where do you think it came from? If, how about this?


It's still Typing. It's still typing. Jesus kind, Giving you that answer. Final thoughts. Look at this. It's writing a whole turn paper On this. Yeah. It's amazing how fast it does it too. God, it's amazing how fast it does it. Wow. Tic-tac. If the tic-tac UAP is real and the accounts are accurate, then its origin may very well be extraterrestrial or involve unknown physics and technology that we haven't begun to comprehend. The extraordinary nature of the case suggests an equally extraordinary explanation. What do you think? Why are you asking me, bitch, you're chat BT. What do you think? Does extra extra visitation seem plausible or is there another explanation that resonates more with you? So type this, I believe it seems plausible that they are extraterrestrial in nature.


Good luck. I was gonna say that's good. If true, if true, where do you think they came from? Let's see. Alright. So identifying where they might come from involves exploring nearby stellar systems, known exoplanets and plausible scientific ideas about interstellar travel. Here are the most likely bilities nearby star systems with habitable zones. Alpha centara system, 4.37 light years away. The closest star system to Earth, Proximus centara, potentially habitable planet exoplanet, ex orbiting proximus centara within inhabitable zone.


If lip developed there, it might be technologically advanced enough for interstellar exploration. Bernard. So it's giving me a list of All the different, The potential possibilities, Different possible star systems. Wow. This one's only 39 light years away. What was the closest one? Office. Office Centuri Was that, was that four light years or Something? I don't know. Scroll back up. Scroll Back up a little bit. Said 3.9, 3.9 million. 3.4 0.3. Alpha Centura. 4.3 light years away. Pretty close. Wow. But here's the crazy part. Pretty Close. You remember the, remember the twin paradox theory? They say that if you get like two twins, right? As kids say one's 10, they're both 10, right? And you put one in a spaceship that travels the speed of light for one year, he would come back with an atomic clock onboard that spacecraft a year old, or he'd be 11 and his brother would be an old man.


I can't wrap my mind around that. Right? But that's, But they say it's pretty much fact, But that's speed, right? I think what we're talking about is different than speed. I think it's instantaneous, instantaneous relocation. Right? So In other Words, you would, so I think, yeah, I was think instead of like Manipulate the space time between the two points, Right? So I think the idea is that instead of a rocket that goes, You know, 5 million miles an hour and just shoots off of earth and keeps going until it, You know, 5 million years from now, yeah. It runs into this planet. I, I think it's different than that. I think what if I had to guess where something can manipulate gravity and space, what it would do is instantaneously appear in these new places.


Like, and you've talked to a lot of physicists about this kind of stuff, huh? I have. And the way they explained it is baffling and Bob Lazars version of it is baffling because Bob Lazars version of it that he told in 1989 kind of makes sense when you talk to people that are trying to develop some sort of a gravity or a warp drive. Right? And the way Bob Bazar explained it is that this element when bombarded with radiation creates this, I mean, I'm really butchering it for sure creates some sort of a gravity field that allows it, the way it described it, like if you took a mattress, a very soft mattress, and you put a very heavy bowling ball in the middle of the mattress, it pushes the mattress down to that area and that this like folds time, Right?


So you go from here to here, but when you stretch it down, suddenly those two points connect, it Folds it. Yeah. Right. And so wherever it is is boom. Wow. It's here. So it's not like it's going a million light years. So it's malleable a million light years an hour. Yeah. Space is malleable. Exactly. It's just, Well it makes sense if, if, if you think about how technology scales. Yeah. And if we do, I mean Ryan brought up this yesterday as well, that there was research and there was papers written about the idea of having some sort of a gravity drive or having some sort of a gravity propulsion system. Something that doesn't rely on conventional, you know, rockets jet fuel. Yeah. We're Not gases up the back.


That's sure. Exactly. And he said that this was something that was discussed a long time ago, but then it just stopped. And then, you know, and we brought it up a long, quite a while ago, there was an episode that we brought up a paper that was written in the 1960s about gravity drives. Was that by Hal put Off? I do not know because He's like a propulsion expert in terms of the propulsion behind the physics behind UFOs. Yeah. And he tried to, I tried to get him to explain it to me in sort of conventional layman terms and Of course my tiny little brain. But he, I, I felt like I almost grasped it for a moment. But the entire, the amount of power that it would take to, to create that gravitational field around the object. And he said, that's why you see them doing these maneuvers that look like it defy physics.


Right. And then everything inside the craft would just splatter it that, that you're immune from that on the inside according. Which also would make sense. I'm not a physicist, what am I talking About? Right. But that would also make sense if you had something like that, that you could go in the ocean as well. Right? Yeah. So, because Whatever's around you wouldn't matter 'cause you're not affected by it. Right. You're somehow creating a field around you. Exactly. That's, it's that, that's immune to whatever Space. Well, that would be the only thing that would make sense. How it could move so fast under water or Atmosphere space water And how it would be transmedium. Yeah. You can go from space into the water. It's unaffected by gravity. It's unaffected by All the things around it creates its own gravity field and it allows it to just pass through things.


I remember Kirk McConnell, who senate Armed service committee who investigated UFOs from 2017. I talked about 'em earlier, but he said that they were picking up ages, radar systems were picking these objects up from, basically from space. And they were shooting down from space All the way down. They'd loiter for as long as they wanted to go in the water, come back out again, shoot back up into space. And they would just do it like, you know, all day long. And there was nothing. Well, we can't see that. Right? I don't know what the, if someone does have, I mean, if there's someone in the military that does have some like super advanced satellite reconnaissance imagery of these things, I could see why they would hold that back.


I could see why they would think that people aren't ready for that. I, I could see it. Do you think Elon knows? He's real cagey about it. He is cagey about it and he's got deals with the DOD and he's got satellites And everything. Yeah. That's why, that's probably why I'd be cagey about it too. He knows more than what he's saying. This Is what he said. If aliens are real, they're very subtle. That's what he was saying. I was like, I don't know if they're subtle, man. The Phoenix Lights wasn't that subtle. If that's aliens, I heard from some people around him that, that because of his contracts with DOD, that he kinda keeps quiet about it because I'm sure Everybody talks about, I mean, even Ratcliffe talked about the satellite imagery for of UAP. I mean, if they're picking it up, why wouldn't his systems pick it up?


He hasn't said a peep about the drone thing and You haven't asked him about it. Nope. If he wants to tell me, he'll tell me. I'm not gonna be that guy. I'm not gonna be annoying. But the publicly, like on x, has he said anything about the drones? He said something a couple weeks ago, I believe, I think it was a couple weeks ago. I'll check right now. But it was like there's a big drone storm or a big drone fight coming and people were taking that as like he knew this was happening. Hmm. A big drone fight coming. Find the Tweet. Well, You know, he is been real public about the idea that building manned fighter jets is at this point kind of foolish, You know? And he's, I think he's correct, You know, So unpiloted only. Yeah, I mean I think it takes the fun Out of it.


Well it takes the biological mistakes out of it is what it does. Right. It takes the human mind out. The human mind's very fallible. You know, we already know that AI systems like Mike Baker explained to us that AI systems with fighter jets beat actual fighter jet pilots 100% of the time. So when they have these simulated Yes. When they have these simulated dog fights. Wow. When they take AI fighter jets that we have right now, they beat our fighter jet pilots the best of the best a hundred percent of the time. So they don't have any biological limitations in terms of what, what Deal with Well, they can sustain, right. Key forces Yeah. Don't need. So You have that, right. So all you have to do is make the equipment and the materials robust enough so they can take insane speeds and not blow a apart.


But it certainly would be way easier to do that than it would be to get a human being to be safe in it. So much less badass though, recently. So what is he saying? Oh, so he clicked on it. Future wars are all about drones and hypersonic jets. So this is us talking about that. This is us talking about fighter jet pilots by humans will be destroyed very quickly. So he talked about it. And so he put a clip up of us talking about it on the podcast. This was in November, November 28th. And so neither side is air superiority and tanks are easily destroyed by missiles. So that leaves infantry and artillery. Basically World War I, drones are not yet available in sufficient numbers to matter much like aircraft in World War I, a defense in depth trench war means.


And then it's a modern example. That was like Two years ago. So did you get the impression when you spoke to Elon about UFOs that he knew more than he was telling you? You said he's cagey. Yeah. He doesn't, he doesn't even entertain the idea of UFOs. So If you bring up the Fravor incident, he'll just say, no, it didn't happen. Or that's, He just doesn't seem interested. I don't know. I mean, I would imagine what you're saying is true that it's not wise for him to discuss it. That's what I would imagine. Yeah. If he wants to tell me, he'll tell me. And if he wants me to tell no one, I'll tell no one. Yeah. If he wants to tell me and say don't tell anybody, I'll, I won't tell anybody. But I'm not gonna ask him. I I think his position as, you know, being the guy at SpaceX Yeah.


Why would you fuck around with that? He's Got too much at stake. Yeah. It's way too much at stake. Yeah. Also, like if anybody's gonna find out, he's gonna find out if there, there's something going on. If something legitimately going on, the guy who can catch rockets with a crane, he, that's the guy he's gonna know. I thought the first time I saw that I was like, AI generator. That seems fake. I was watching the thing come down and I just thought, that's insane. The ones that land before that. Insane. Those are insane, insane. And now you can catch 'em. They don't even have to land. It's nuts. Like what he's done is just accelerate what we are, are capable of doing far beyond what NASA was able to do just a few years ago. So I used, I used to have a neighbor that worked for Elon Musk and he drove a Tesla way early, way early on when Teslas weren't, You know, that many out there.


And I was like, well, you got a Tesla as a guy, actually worked for Elon Musk, blah, blah, blah. And I saw him a couple years later and I was like, Hey, you're not driving Tesla anymore? And he goes, no. He goes, I I I don't work for Elon anymore. I was like, oh, I'm sorry to hear that. What happened? And he goes, he goes, well he's, he worked so hard and his expectations are so high. He goes, I was at the hospital with my wife giving, she was giving birth to our first child. And Elon's like, I need you in the office. Oh, Jesus Christ. He said, he said, he goes, I, I cut, I, you know, the guy's got an an incredible work ethic. Work ethic, but it was too much. He goes, I, I'm at the hospital. He says, I don't care where you, where you like dressed to work. It's like pretty brutal. That's brutal. Brutal. Wasn't he sleeping in the he was sleeping in the Sure, yeah.


He was sleeping, working 16 hours a day and sleeping on the floor. Wow. Yeah. That's commitment. Well he demands that of other people too. And you know, maybe you want that and maybe you don't and if you don't, you can't work there. Yeah. It's just that simple. Like, if you want that, hop on in. If you're a single guy and you don't have a wife and you don't have children. Yeah. But if you do, oh boy. That's not a life for, that's not a life for me. I wouldn't want that Job. I think the closest thing to a spaceship on Wheels is a Tesla. Oh, they're amazing. Pretty Remarkable. I've Had three of 'em. This is my third. The acceleration is, it's incredible. It's in, it's like a gut punch. Yeah. And they're getting better. They're getting the, the autonomous driving is incredible. Now. I remember when somebody said to me, they were like, You know, step on the, You know, show me the acceleration.


And I, I stepped on it on Model three performance and it seems fake. I got nauseous. Yeah. I, I wasn't quite ready. I was like, I turned myself a little sideways or something and I, I felt na I was like, wow, I'm, I ride motorcycles. I've been doing all this stuff. I was like, You know, but I was like, now I prepare myself for that. That's really fast. That's super bike Fast. It's crazy fast. And you can actually, the beautiful thing is you can merge on the highway and you don't seem like a douche bag. 'cause you're not like, it's not like really loud, just Super quiet. It's quiet all stealthy. Yeah. It's all of a sudden he's going a hundred miles an hour. Like what happened? Yeah. I remember I got a ticket it years ago on a motorcycle and I, the guy I bought the bike was, had a loud exhaust pipe, which I ended up getting rid of. I didn't like the loud exhaust pipe. It's too loud.


And I got pulled over and the cop never even saw me. He just heard me and he rope me up exactly how fast I was going. He's like, you're doing 90 to 35. I'm like, I was, he was like, oh yeah, I could hear you. I was like, I went up through the gears and I put a quiet. So yeah, that's quiet is nice. Quiet has its benefits. Well it doesn't in a motorcycle though. You want be allowed, Don't you? You too. That's stupid. I drive like the invisible man when I'm on a motorcycle. You have to. Yeah. You, you, I've had people look me right in the eyes and I've, they've pulled right out in front of me. People want to, they Don't care. Peoples sideswiped. And also people are like, they don't, how many people are medicated? I don't think they see you as a threat. I think they see you as like, you're almost almost like a gnat or something. I've learned. And I tell people that ride motorcycle, I've been riding bikes for 50 years.


As soon as you get on that bike, you become the invisible man. Right, Right. Pretend no one can see You. Pretend that no one can see you. Yeah. You'll live a lot longer. Yeah. You can make eye contact with somebody. It doesn't mean they see you. Right. I've had people pull out in front of me. Like I said, I've been t-boned and all kinds of crazy accidents over the years, so I wish they weren't so dangerous. 'cause I would love to drive one. Oh, they're amazing. And I know you just had to be, like I said, you just, you know. Yeah. Until you're not. Yeah, I had three friends. I I was, I was getting my motorcycle license Yeah. Long ago. So I was doing, it was a while ago, 10 years. So It was a couple of us that worked on Fear Factor. A couple of the guys that worked on set, we all decided to go and take lessons together and shout out to Peter Hirsch co. And he wound up getting his motorcycle. He kept driving it and, but one of the guys we worked with, he crashed his bike and fucked up his shoulder.


And then one of the guys who was fighting for the UFC Frank Meir, he got hit by a car. He got T-boned and ran into his femur, snapped his femur, and he almost lost his leg. His leg was, and it fucked up his career for years. So there was that. And then I saw a guy on the highway that was covered in a blanket. Oh God. Yeah. He was alive. You can see. But his, his leg was so fucked up that they covered in a blanket so the passerbys wouldn't rubberneck it. There's three of those. And then another friend of mine saw someone get hit, saw someone get rear-ended, someone not paying attention in their car, rear ended a bike and had the guy flying through the air at a red light. So that was enough for me.


Yeah. I know. I became a dad and I had two motorcycles right before I became a dad. And I sold them. And then after 10 years I was like, maybe I can get just like a dirt bike because I really enjoy riding. There's nothing like it being on a motorcycle. Imagine If you get a dirt bike and then a mountain lion takes you out. God Damnit I have a dirt bike with a motor. Yeah. But even with a motor, I don't know if a mountain lion would be scared of a motor. Yeah. I'd be able to outrun it. But think most the time they Get bicyclers. Yeah. It's crazy. Most of the time they kill bicyclers. It's, it's nuts. Yeah. So, so let me ask your honest opinion. I know we're wrapping up here. Okay. If you had to say whether you believed or you didn't believe, and look, you can't make any, any definitive statements, I get that.


But you're a very influential individual who's done more for the push for disclosure. I hate to use the word disclosure. It's got a bit of a buzz, a bit of a connection to it, a push for government transparency on this topic. Right. If you had to say something truly inexplicable that most likely would lead to NHI or non-human intelligence or not conventional, what would you pick ultimately that you think there is possibly a non-human intelligence behind this or that there is not? I wish I could be definitive like that. I know you can't be definitive here. I don't, I try to, I try to stay as open-minded on this as possible. Yes. Which means I fluctuate back and forth to fully from fully believing to fully believing it's some military experiment and that it's a bunch of our stuff.


But then there's stories like the things like the tic-tac and the where you go, okay. 2004, how, yeah. How do they, how could they do that in 2004? Is there a propulsion system available in 2004 that's that far advanced? And if so, how come there's so little evidence of it in like, in in, in a practical use? Like how come that technology, you would think that technology would take so much money to develop that you would do something with it in 20 years. You wouldn't just have it and just be flying it around like a drone every now and again. Yeah. It would seem like there would be some sort of a practical application for something like that. Yeah. And it, it seemed like, like the Manhattan project and like the stealth bomber.


Yeah. Eventually you find out that it's a real thing. Right? Yeah. So 20 years is a long time to not find out if something's real. Well how about, how about if we take it up to a lot longer than that? What about the Sure. Oh yeah. 19 52, 2 consecutive weekends in July over the White House in the Capitol. Yeah. And that was, we had a press conference about that. Sure. I mean, a guy in general that basically admitted that they're real Kenneth Arnold, You know those, Ken Arnold, those Stories, Ken. That was phenomenal. Yep. And then you gotta go to the Bava Gita, You know? Oh, like there's, there's stories of things. The historical stuff's incredible, isn't it? Like think of the guy that showed up with the blue skin. Is that an angel? Is that a devil? Like what if, if you were living 4,000 years ago, you're one of the people that wrote the Dead Sea Scrolls.


Yeah. He'd be a God. Yeah. Well what is that? What, what is that visitation that you've experienced With a craft? It would be, yeah, it would be Right. Connected with a God. Right. Right. And also the story, when you tell the story like what is this like? And then someone illustrates it. What does it even, how does it even relay in words? Especially you're using the words of 4,000 years ago, what, what are you describing? And if they really have always been here and they've always been visiting us, that's probably how you would describe it. You would describe it like Ezekiel did in the Bible. Yeah. Well, you know, I was in Africa investigating the, the alleged landing in close encounter of the third kind at Ru Zimbabwe Aerial School in 1994. I wasn't there in 94. I was there much later. And the teacher, Judy Bates, who's now the head principal, and she was sharing with me these drawings that children did of the alleged creatures.


And they were amazing. These drawings, big eyes and big heads, almond shaped eyes, blah, blah, blah. And I'm looking at these drawings, one after the other from all these school children. And it was phenomenal. And she gave, no, I took photographs of them. And then a month later I went to Australia and I was invest investigating an alleged landing that happened at Westall Primary School in 1966. And that was, that was incredible. I was there investigating and I was showing some of the drawings of the aliens that I, the alleged aliens. And I just had investigated in Africa. And some of the people were like, oh wow, these drawings are amazing. They look like the Juan Gina cave art. I was like, the what? The Juan Gina cave art, the aboriginals drew these things. And so they pulled it up.


Juan Gina and the, the parallel, they're thousands of years old. Right. These cave paintings in, in Australia. The parallels, the consistencies, the, the, it was the comparison of the two is like, Let's take a look at those real quick. Yeah. Look up one one, Gino. Let's Look at that before we leave Cave painting. UFO or Alien one. One. Gino. There's most likely something there. I just don't know. And if it's a thing, so let's say if it's a real thing, is it from another planet or is it more complicated than that? Is it I It's more complicated than that. Yeah. Well that's Jacque file. I see that. Yes. Yeah. Very bizarre. Right. Super. I mean look at that one right there with the dark eyes. Super Bizarre. Look at the three of them. And that the one in the center, Jamie. Yeah, that one.


Look how weird that is man, that's so fucking weird. Look at The one with the dark black eyes. Right, right, right there. How pale they are too. It's Like, yeah, it's very Weird. And then there's that one with the big, with the big dark eyes right down. Just go straight down, up, down. Yeah. Right up to the right. Right there. Look At that. Very weird. Very weird. Isn't that crazy? But it's also very weird how this is 4,000 years old and then close encounters of the third kind, the 1970s, 4,000 Years old. And I'm telling you, I could show you the drawings. One of the witnesses. Very weird. Yeah. It's just, it's just phenomenal. Listen man, Thank you for everything. Hey, thanks. Thanks for what you do. Thank you so much for having me on.


You know, my pleasure. And I mean you, you're fucking dogg of determination to get this stuff out there. It's very important. You promise you'll watch The Program. I will 100% watch it, comment on it. Definitely. I will. I will. Thank you sir. Awesome brother. I appreci Appreciate it. Appreciate you James. Appreciate you, you very much appreciate. Thank you so much, Joe. Thank You. It's on Amazon, The Program and then moment of contact is probably available everywhere, Right? Yeah. And the phenomenon. Yeah. I I what I saw outta the Blue. Okay. 50 years of denial. Oh my God. It goes back. Yeah. You've been, you're, you've been deep in this rabbit hole for a long time, sir. Thanks James. Appreciate thanks. Thank you very much. Thanks.