
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Oh shit. I didn't know we had bells. Yeah, Bro, we got bells. It's probably super annoying to people listening. It's fucking Christmas. The war on Christmas must end it. How dare we say Merry Christmas? How dare you say that. It offends me. Did you ever see Kamala Harris do that when she had that speech? She said, how dare you say fucking Christmas. You've Never seen it? No. Oh my God. Okay, let's start it with this. 'cause it's so crazy I don't understand the context. So like, I wish I could be charitable and say, well, there's probably a context where this makes sense.


Yeah. Satan is the Lord of the Earth, is the context. But you know, you see something and it's only a 15 second clip and you go like, okay, lemme just be the nicest person possible. Yes. Like what? What could be the reason why you would say, how dare we say Merry Christmas? Yeah. Unless you're playing a character. Right. Well, Unless she's on stage doing a play, she's like, I wanna read for my college play where I was the Grinch. Can you imagine saying that? Like, it seems like a nightmare that you would wake up from. It says Harris fumed at Americans saying Merry Christmas before illegal migrants were protected in resurface clips. Oh, you're not allowed to say it until there's absolute peace and harmony on the planet. Then we can start saying it again.


This is so scolding and weird. Only When they cleared that vet did we give them DACA status and now we're talking about taking it away. It is morally wrong. No, Thank you. I didn't know. And When we all sing happy tunes and sing Merry Christmas and Wish Each Other Merry Christmas, these children are not gonna have a Merry Christmas. How dare we speak Merry Christmas. How dare we. They will not have a Merry Christmas. Who are you to say that You don't know if they will be here in a matter of days, weeks, and months. Since September 5th, over 12,000 have lost their status.


This is the, here's why you can't be charitable because it's just a bad perspective. It's just a bad perspective. Charitable. What do you mean? Because if you wanted to like, look, what does, does anything she's saying make sense? Oh, You, They're not mutually exclusive. Right. You can't, it's like celebrating joy and happiness and some people suffering. It's like you can't, you can't say no one is going to suffer anywhere before I celebrate. No, because that's crazy. Yeah. Now you're taking in the entire earth's consciousness and all of its decisions.


Yeah. As to whether or not you will or we not, will not be happy. Like you and I didn't force anybody to work in the cobalt mines not yet. But we buy these fucking phones. We buy these fucking phones. Right. And we know, we know that electronics that have cobalt in them, were probably pulled outta the ground by slaves. Should we never celebrate anything again until those people are free? No, never. Never. We should just be shitting in our hands, rubbing in our faces, whipping our backs. Until the whole world experiences a simultaneous orgasm. Then Merry Christmas to you. But if You are a drone, so let's just say they really are into galactic beings.


Yeah. And you're watching all of our hypocrisy and our scolding of each other and these like untested perspectives just jizzed out into the world. Yeah. And you're looking at all this craziness, like the, the manufacturing of almost everything that we have that comes from overseas is probably from horrible conditions. Yeah. And we've just accepted that. Yeah. Like if aliens were watching this to be like, who were they bullshitting? Who They're bullshitting each other. They're bullshitting themselves. Right. They're trying to figure out how many genders there are. They're trying to, they're they're trying to decide like who's the most protective status.


Who you can't discuss about anything. Yeah. Currently that's illegal immigrants. Yeah. Well, you know, I was just, dude for, I don't know why I started doing this. Highly recommend it. I started listening 'cause I forgot a lot of the new age ideas. So I started listening to New age channeled audibles aliens channeled through New Age people. Oh, Cheers. My brother Mer Christmas. Cheers. Merry Christmas. S it's not Mm. Isn't that Seth speaks? Isn't that, it's A whole genre. But is that Seth Peaks person? Is that, that's the whole deal behind that, right? It's okay. So it's again, I'm like, my mom got into it briefly.


'cause she dated this new age dude and I fucking hated it. He wore Birkenstocks, he'd force us to go on hikes. He wouldn't let me take my fake gun. I, You know, you're a kid, you wanna take your fake gun on the hike. He's like, we don't do that on hikes. Oh. You know the fucking fascist hike where you're forced to recognize the beauty of nature. And it's like, dude, don't put that on me. I, I'll, I'll find that on my own. But he got my mom in a new age stuff. And this was prime new age time. This is like, this is when they all killed themselves. It's like they were part of it too. You remember the the, they were wearing the sneakers. What were they called? Heaven's Gate. Oh yeah. New. That was a new age cult.


So I remember like watching these old grainy VHS tapes with my mom and this dude and thinking they were cool or like there was some sound that that was playing in one. And my mom looks at me like, hopefully like, do you recognize that sound? Because I guess Here's the thing about all this. I think some telepathy is Real. It is Real. I think it is real. Have you listened to the telepathy tapes? No. You haven't. I haven't listened to it. It's a new Podcast. It's out. And it's all about this scientific research that was done with nonverbal autistic kids and their parents.


And they were able to go into another room and they would bring up things to one, whether it was, I think it, I think they would bring things up to the mom or the mom would say things, but the kid was accurate 95% of the time. Wow. With numbers, with colors. Yeah. Like, like three numbers in a row. Yeah. Like, you know how crazy that is Just to guess three numbers in a row 95% of the time. Yeah. Like whatever it is, they think it's real. I'm only on episode two, so, but it's really fascinating man, because it's a dismissed thing. It's a woo woo thing. Sure. But if it's real, shouldn't scientists study it like it's real?


And it seems like through scientific study it's real. Yeah. I think it's definitely, you've probably experienced it. I've experienced it. I think it's an emerging part of human consciousness that we don't, we don't agree to or we don't admit to. Like we know there's something there, but we're not like, that's too silly. It's just there's so many people that fake it. That's the problem. Right? 'cause everybody like wants to have some special thing that they have. You just have a special thing. You have a special thing. Duncan. You have a special talent. I mean, think of All the Fire Starter Carrie. Yeah. Stranger things. Yeah. This is the fantasy.


When I was a kid, dude, I would sit when my dad was working in his apartment and try to make shit on the table. Move with my mind. 'cause I'd been reading books on telekinesis one day. You know, like when


This episode is brought to you by Paramount. Plus your next Family Crime Saga obsession is coming this march to Paramount Plus Mob Land. An explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars. Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Miran go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land Now streaming on Paramount Plus,


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's All the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase


When like, you've got a cold drink and it gets a little wet on the bottom one day. As I'm doing that, because of that, it slid forward. And like I, I was like totally freaked out. 'cause I thought I had used telekinesis to slide. It was just luck. It was just luck. It was just a badly balanced floor. Well it was just a shitty fucking apartment college station. Yeah. But You know, that's the, that once you recognize the flaw in the operating system in humans is so, like, as a kid, like for a few days I was like, shit, I might be telekinetic. But like once, you know, people want that or wanna believe in it and how easy it is to manufacture those moments and then claim responsibility.


Mm. Holy shit. Dude. You can really pull some strings on people because there's an assumption. Let's say some I do know, I, I really believe in telepathy. I'm positive it exists. But the assumption there then would be like, you get around a telepathic person, well, they must be good 'cause they're telepathic. Right? They're, they're, they're have magic. So we should trust them. This is where people get real fucked up. These are called, in India, they call them cities, which is, if you meditate a lot right? You begin to like, well, I would say comedy is a city. I, you know, it is not special. I was talking to Louis Gomez about sales. You know, that's a, that's the really good people.


And get into your head and get you to buy shit. He was saying it's like basically magic. And it's like, so Hypnosis. Hypnosis, yeah. Yeah. But man, have You ever been hypnotized? Yes, I have. It's interesting, right? Dude, my mom hypnotized me when I had a wart. 'cause she had heard you could hypnotize people and the wart goes away. Hypnotize me said something about the wart going away within a couple of weeks. I swear to you that wart fucking dried up and just fell off my hand. Whoa. Yeah. Whoa. What the fuck? Whoa, what the fuck? So that's the placebo effect. The placebo effect is real. Yeah. You know, I had a guy tell me this once.


He was like a, a kind of a wacky healing chiropractic type guy. Yeah. And he was telling me that if you believe what I'm saying is true. 'cause I was asking him like, how does this work? Like how, how is this working? Like how are you healing people by, by working on my pressing on things. Yeah. If you believe it works. Oh, so it's a lie. But if I believe the lie, so what are you selling? Like, you just, you just, you just like fucking manipulating people. Yeah. And saying mumbo jumbo, muscular, structural words. Yeah. And you're doing, you're doing hypnosis kind of. 'cause you're, you're sort of admitting that by healing like a person who's gonna heal you with words and talking and touching you, you're they're tricking you into doing it yourself.


Well, I mean Right. The placebo effect, it's real. Is real. It's, I've, I've heard it's one of the most powerful effects in medicine. Is it really? Yeah. Well, I mean, yeah. I, you think of like the new cancer drugs, they tell your immune system what to attack. Right? Right. So if somehow you, you could do that without the drug. If there, and, and that's where it gets interesting, right? Because we, these are our bodies, right. Perfectly metabolizing, transforming so many things instantaneously, the heart effortlessly beating All the fucking time. So theoretically, purely theoretically, you, you, what if you could control more of it, right?


Like, how much of this thing can we actually control? And by the way, that's a really fun thing to think about because like, not much. And so do you ever think about that? Like, you sort of think like, okay, like I'm, how much of my body can I really do anything about? I can eat good food, I can exercise, but All the quantum processes that are happening within all of the things, you kind of realize you're just the tip of the iceberg. You're just the yappy tip of the iceberg. Yeah. And underneath it is all this stuff that is you, but really isn't you. If having control of yourself is like a way to identify this as me. So what are you in that swirl of particulates?


Like what are you in there? Yeah. What are you Yeah. It's, that's most people. And that's one of the reasons why ideologies are so interesting. Because it's the same thing. It's the same person. It just, they've agreed to one thing or they agreed to the other thing. And it could be how you were raised, or it could be you rebelling, or it could be, but people find a way to fucking slip into a groove. Yeah. And it's so much easier Yeah. Than trying to look at like, what is this? Yeah. What is this thing we're doing? Or I'm making noises with my mouth. Yeah. You are reading my mind. Yeah. And we're like broadcasting it to the world by making noises with your mouth.


We're we're speaking through each other's minds. Yeah. And also though, you know, when you get into the telepathy idea, which is sort of like, the question is like, you know, right now we identify our minds as some kind of neurological process, right? So the idea is like, we have this like bio computer and somewhere in there is our mind, everything out here, not our mind. Even though everything out here from a neurological perspective is our mind. Right? Everything you're seeing is an instantaneous interpretation of a variety of phenomena that gets compressed into reality.


And then you say, oh, out there is that, that's not me. Right? But it is you, it's like, it's you in the way. If you put on VR goggles, you know, except in this case the VR goggles. It's your neocortex. It's All the processes that are making color, light sound, et cetera. So if we're sort of sharing a dual reality, which is All the phenomena that's being interpreted into our minds, somewhere in there is the possibility that we're, we kind of share a mind. So from that perspective, all these other things become possible. Telepathy, all of this stuff. Like, you know, you get around funny people, you get funnier. When I, when I was doing the midnight gospel, I was around all these artists.


I got better at drawing. Like, you share a mind, it's the gestalt or you know what the, where three or two or more of you gathered, there will be that something else comes in the room. And I think we're collaborating with something that we're, we're we, we don't truly understand because we're still trapped in primate bodies. Yes. So I think, I think we have these moments of recognition of these connections, you know, and, and great moments in life and these beautiful things that can happen. And it's all being twisted up by this ape, this wild ape that had to survive for thousands and thousands of years by killing its neighbors.


Yeah. And, and eating monkeys and, and fucking running around and clubbing things to death and eating raw meat. Yeah. Until it figured out how to harness fire. And then it had to deal with neighboring tribes coming in with hoards of people with swords and spears and Yeah. You had to run for the hills. They killed your kids in front of you. They fucked your wife in front of you. Yep. They cut your dick off and stuffed it in your mouth. And this was thousands and thousands of years. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, This thing we're doing right now is so recent. Yeah. This thing where you can meet strangers, you don't have to worry about killing them. Yeah. That's super Recent Dogs aren't there yet.


No. That's why dogs freak out when someone comes to your door. Oh yeah. They're not there yet. They still remember the old days. And the, the That's a great point. They, they, they're still like, dude, usually if someone's coming up Yeah. We have to kill it. Like, and they're reminding you of that, you know, that. And, and it's true. I mean, but, and if you look at that collective epigenetic trauma as an reor, as a ghost, a ghost haunting the planet, the ghost of like, not that long Ago. Yeah. The ghost of primate passed The ghost. Ghost of primate passed haunts us. Yeah. And it, that's why it's so easy to slide into aggressive patterns and defensive patterns that are completely unnecessary.


And that's what they are too. This is what you have to realize. It's not you, it's patterns that you've selected and you've, you've selected them over and over and over again and they've become you. It's like you went down a groove. You don't have to stay on that groove. No, you don't have to. But I think you have to find something in life that's physical that you enjoy. 'cause I think that's one of the best ways to manage this fucking weirdness. The absolute best way is through getting physically exhausted. Sure. Is get, get on purpose, get physically exhausted, and then you can manage the craziness Right. Of existing.


Yeah. Because everybody wants to pretend that it's normal. Everyone wants to pretend that existence is like, oh, you know, normal when you get up in the morning and you fucking have your eggs and you're bacon and you do your Thing. Do you hear what chapel grown said? Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. It's like every day it's like, oh my God, this is happening. What do you think the drones are? What do you think the drones are? You know, how much did Nancy Pelosi make this week in the stock market? Yeah. Oh yeah. Evo like, what, what is this? Right. What are we doing? Did you see the new shit that they found out about consciousness in the human brain? This popped up on my feed. This dude, Penrose, this guy used to be an anesthesiologist.


He already knew about these neurological structures that are these quantum tubules that apparently anesthesia impacts. And he began to think maybe consciousness is not associated as much as we thought with the, with, with neurons, but is a microstructure within the brain, these quantum tubules that get shut down when there's anesthesia. And so there's this new controversial sort of emergent theory of consciousness, which is that when you are awake, you go from being wave to a particle. You, in other words, the whatever you wanna call it, the I am, the all one situation that we actually are experiencing gets compressed right into a particle, which is your experience of reality.


But when you fall asleep, when you take enough acid, you go into a super position when that's that feeling of being connected to everything. Part of everything. Right. Not even being there anymore. So were those things simultaneously? And, and, and I guess as far as the default reality that, that you're talking about, that's a situation where it's a bunch of particles that have focused in on a, on like a buffet of moments that the news curates. So the news is like, okay, be mad at this person. This person's wrong. This person's right. Here's what you should be afraid of. Here's a celebrity that sucks. You know what?


That's the whole business model. That's the business model. And that's the way we get the news. That's It. Isn't that crazy? And sponsored by pharmaceutical drug companies. There You go. Exactly. And everybody else, I was watching a regular movie the other night. I was in a hotel. And so it was the only thing they had in the hotel was regular movies. Oh yeah. On tv. Tv. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So I was watching John Wick on TV and it's every five minutes. Oh yeah. You're bombarded with nonsense. Yeah. They stop the show and give you five minutes of nonsense. That's right. Just nonsense about the and side effects. It's unnerving.


And also when you realize, we think the show is John Wick. That ain't the show. No. The show is the nonsense that's happening. Yes. In between John Wick. 'cause when you think about when you're watching a good movie, you relax, you calm down, you open up, it's the perfect, perfect state of consciousness to manipulate people. I also thought it was incredible that they bleeped out All the bad words when the commercials were far more offensive. Yeah. They bleeped out. Fuck they bleeped out this. I was like, I'm like, how are they gonna handle this scene? Because there's this scene where the, the Russian mobster, his son comes home from this job in Atlantic City and after he did this thing with John Wick and the guy's like, Ooh, that fucking nobody.


He goes, that fucking nobody is John Wick. Yeah. And it's like this the whole setup of John Wick. Yeah. And it's that nobody, like, no, you're gross. Can't say fuck You took out the fuck. But meanwhile, you're telling me about a bloody diarrhea that might kill you. Yeah. If you take this drug. Yeah. You're, you're telling me about its side effects that are like suicide. Like all kinds of like wild shit. Depression, anxiety. Yeah. Fear. So violent tendencies, dude. Gambling, addictions. This is, so when you think about the idea that if you know what a group of witches is called a coven.


A a group of Christians is called a church. The idea is sort of simultaneous prayer causes change. Now there's different words for some people call the prayer spells. Some people call the prayer a pep rally. We're gonna go, go, go. Right? You look at the football game, you're seeing covens of witches cheering to direct energy at the team. They want to try to like move the needle a little bit. But when you consider the power of directing little bubble universes, which is every single human focusing that beam of attention onto certain ideas. Dude, you could, you're, you're not only are you going to create whatever it is you want to create in the case of an advertiser, make some money.


But theoretically you could guide history that way. And the, and, and the last thing you want them to figure out is if they all stop focusing on what you're telling them to focus on and trust themselves enough to focus on what they want to focus on, which is usually not bad, then all of a sudden you would lose that kind of magical control. You lose the actual steering wheel of the, of the weird vehicle we're in. You know? And, and we, You know, they're like, it's democracy. The steering wheel is your vote and the president and the elected officials who guide the country. But the real steering wheel is here's what we, what we're gonna get you to pay attention to.


You need to pay attention to this right now. And if we all pay attention to that, it like where attention goes, energy flows. You know, You know what I think it is? I think it's like if we are in a factory, if we're in a factory and there's certain gears that turn certain machines and they think they're the only thing that exists. Yeah. But it's a chain of Yeah. Things that have to take place in order to manufacture something like a Tesla. Yeah. Like imagine if you are, if if we just don't realize it, but if everything has a consciousness, at least in some sort of a limited capacity. Yeah. Literally everything.


Even tables. Yeah. Everything has some thing. Yeah. We are just, we are, we're super egotistic and we believe that only we possess this, but we know dogs have it too. Which which gets where it gets weird. Yeah. Animals have it. Yeah. We know that. You know. But this whole thing that we're doing is trying to understand how we, we interface. Like how are we doing this? Like how if, if we're in a world where it's 2024 and there's drones flying over New Jersey and they're gaslighting us saying they're all airplanes, they're saying we have it under control. Yeah. And then it appears there was a satellite that we shot out of the sky.


Yeah. Have you seen that? No. No. You haven't seen That? I missed it somehow. So this is the big conspiracy. And again, I have done no research, so do not believe me ladies and gentlemen. Okay. Elf. But the big conspiracy is that these are Chinese drones and they're being piloted by a satellite that they shot outta orbit. Oh. That's the, and this is a conspiracy unfounded. Conspiracy Unfounded. But I'm just for funsies. For funsies. Well, I mean, do you remember when those weird green fucking lights showed up in Hawaii? Well, I remember where there was a ship. Right. And there was like these triangle looking things that were flying over a ship. Now those laser lights that shot out of the sky.


Oh yeah. Remember that? That's right. That's right. What was that? What are the drones? I mean, that's what's what I love about the drones is, I mean, aside from the obvious, like, you know, getting to imagine fantasize, it could be they're chasing orbs and the orbs or whatever. What I love about the drones is that it's another step in shaking people awake. You know what I mean? Because it's like, part of living in default reality, I think is you sort of lean into the idea that the government is, you can trust, you can trust the government. Of course. Like you have to, You can Trust the people that make the weapons. You Could trust them. They're really guys good guys.


Sure. Yes. Some of them, you know, are Hyper violent, Whatever, whatever. Yeah. But ultimately we can trust these people. And so then you have over fucking New Jersey experimental vehicles that people are filming. Welcome to Earth bitch. Do you see that one? And it's so funny, people in New Jersey are reacting to them. It's the Best. You see the guy shooting in the sky at the drone. Yeah, Of course. I mean, I'm surprised more people haven't. Well, the problem with that, you fucking idiots, is that bullets fall. Okay. And they fall with almost the same kind of velocity. Oh. I mean, I'm sure that you, they lose a, they lose a lot of steam. Oh. But it's enough to kill people. People definitely died from bullets fall From the sky.


You know what else? Falls, drones, experimental fucking drones. The government's flying over fucking New Jersey, hoping those fuckers don't crash. They're apparently half the size of a car. You know what I mean? Some of 'em are bigger, bro. Right. Some of them are suburbanized. Yeah. They're like, Are Flying over SUV size flying over houses. Oh yeah. So it's just like, no, listen, number one, most of what you guys are seeing, it's stars or you're seeing commercial vehicles Yeah. Mostly. And, and the other stuff we don't really know. And so then at that point you're like, wait a minute, I'm paying almost half of my income in fucking taxes. So you know what the car size mystery things flying over the cities are, and you don't know what that fucking is.


What am I paying you for? You know what I mean? You're making a lot of money, man. You should know what the drones are. And so, but then when you see, what's his name? Bolt? Is it Bolton? The Guy with the mustache? Not Bolton. When you see, I don't know the DOD dudes up there and the way that they're just lying their fucking asses off. Did you see the press secretary talking about it? And she's wearing a necklace that looks like a UFO. Is it Kareem Jean Pierre? That lady? Not John Pierre. It was another one. It was some press, a new one. I'm, it was a, How did they just shuffle? Do people in without announcing? No, I don't think they got rid of Pierre. Okay. I hope not. 'cause most of them don't last as long as Pierre. She's, she's like the marathoner.


Oh dude. Most of 'em, they quit that job. They're like, fuck this job. I just gotta lie All the time. Horrible, horrible. Imagine like dunking this way. You're gonna sell war with Sudan. Okay. Okay. Here's the reason why. All right. The rebels. Children problems. Children problems, Economy. Okay. Pollution. Okay. Okay. You know, we gotta vaccinate them. Got Got it. You can tell this. There's a lot of data right now. Now you can tell this. But I got And what about the data showing vaccinations are bad for you? No. No. Fuck that data. These, these people are in trouble and we need to help 'em. We need to help 'em. So War Sudan. War Sudan. War Sudan. War Sudan. Got it. Okay. No problem. Sell it. Sell it. Okay, I got it. I'll sell it. I'm Going out there. He's fucking, he just put on your Rachel Maddow glasses, The Rachel Maddow glasses.


Everybody's wearing them to look super serious. Well, This is, it's part of the costume, isn't it? Like it is. And you know, you know, we also, by the way, we're wearing Costumes while we're saying this. Yeah. We are an elf costumes, but, you know, but yeah, that I don't understand the Rachel Maddow glasses phenomena, but I have done research into it because I wanted to create a vision board of All the people wearing those glasses. And it's a thing, it's like a, a thing on the left. They wear those fucking glasses that identifies that you are, you have a certain set of beliefs if you're wearing the mad ow glasses. I mean, it's a real thing. It is a real thing. Yeah. If you, if you have those glasses on and you're a Republican, you're an assassin.


Like you're a guy who kills people for a living. You are, you're a very strange person, Dude. Isn't that? But that's to me, the invasion of the body.


This episode is brought to you by Call of Duty. All right. Call of Duty War Zone fans. It's happening. The moment we've been waiting for Ver Dansk is back on April 3rd. Yep. You heard me right? The iconic map, the one that's started it all, is making its epic return. I'm talking superstore chaos, rooftop snipers at the hospital, at the madness, at prison. All of it. Starting April 3rd, you can drop back in, relive the mayhem and feel the adrenaline rush that you've been missing. Whether you are a war zone vet or a newbie, it's your chance to drop in to verdant new gameplay, updates for dance error, weaponry, All the classics, All the chaos. So call up the squad, load up and get ready for those heart racing moments that you've been missing Verdant returns on April 3rd. Don't miss it. This is gonna be wild. Download Call of Duty, war zone for free. And I'll see you in ver Dansk rated M for mature.


This episode is brought to you by warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War Veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon, but when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together. A visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets warfare movie Hatchers Experience.


I love, have you seen that movie in a while? It's been for remake. I, I, I saw the remake, but it was a long time ago, right? Wasn't it like five years ago? How long Ago was it? No, this, I think it's from The one I like is from the seventies. Oh, The Donald Southern one. One. Yes. Yes. That one's amazing. Amazing. Yeah. Right. They point at you and make that noise. Yeah. Oh, And yeah. Oh, that's It. Oh My God. Oh, southerly killing it. Look how creepy his eyes are. Yeah. That's it, bro. You imagine. Can you imagine? You imagine that reality, and by the way, not that hard. You know what's way harder than that? Building a planet, right? Yeah. Right.


There's plenty of planets. Yeah. That is not that hard. That is essentially what happens All the time. Yeah. In like the insect kingdom where they get infested by. There You go. Another parasite that controls their brain. There You go. Dude, I, I went down a deep rabbit hole with this shit because, you know, I was like looking right after Trump won, which by the way, can I wanna remind you? I'm sorry, I don't wanna pat myself on the back, but when we were hunting for Bigfoot, do you remember I said to you one day you're gonna get a president elected? Did you say that? No. Back then. That would've been the least likely scenario. I'm in the woods with the fear factor guy.


If we're legitimately looking for Bigfoot, Legitimately, Legitimately with Bigfoot experts, Dude, that was one of my favorite camping trips I've ever had in my life. It was fun, dude. I would love to Do So Much fun hunting for Bigfoot. It's like, 'cause hunting for animals, which I know you love. I have nothing against it. But you still gotta kill an animal hunting for Bigfoot. You just like look for a twig out of place. And you get to imagine he's nearby. And that, that it's really fun. Squashing is fun. Somebody asked me if I saw Bigfoot, would I kill it? Because if I could kill it, then I could show people that it's real. Mm. Interesting. Interesting. Would you? No. Why would I kill Bigfoot?


Well, but this, like, why would you do that? It doesn't make any sense just to prove that it's real. Well, guess what? Guess we can't prove it. There's no other way. It's not like I tell you where it happened. Right? And you fucking close off a thousand square miles and start pushing in with soldiers. Well, if don't kill it, why would you kill it? Stupid. I'm telling you where it is. Why do you want me to shoot an arrow through it? You know, man, why don't you just trust me and spend a billion dollars on, on drones and imagine like, why did we spend all this money? Oh, Joe said he saw Bigfoot. And so we went looking, But by the fucking way, if you, No one would spend any money to go look for Bigfoot. If you Can fly a swarm of drones over fucking New Jersey, you Could find Bigfoot.


You could fly him in the Pacific Northwest. And we'd know once and fucking for all. See this, you know, they talk about democracy and we sometimes, I like to think about what would actual democracy look like? And, you know, it wouldn't look like some dude getting in front of a microphone and gaslighting your ass about experimental craft. It would be like, all right, I'm just gonna tell you guys, we figured out anti-gravity. Right? That's anti-gravity drones. Right. We wanted to show you, and tomorrow we're gonna drop ketamine on, on, on the neighborhoods democracy. But, but you know what I mean? Like, that would be true democracy versus what we have right now, which is sort of democracy.


It does work, the voting works and all that stuff. But ultimately our impact, the, the, the non-political classes, impact is very little. And the political classes impact is very little when you consider, now there's a security class. So you have the politicians like Harry Reid trying to figure out what the fuck is going on with the UAPs. And even they can't do it because there's another level. And that level is like, that's, that those are the people controlling things because they know the secrets. It's just so infuriating to me that now they feel comfortable enough to fly whatever the fuck these things are over a major city and not tell us what they are and then say we don't know what they are.


Because if the, the reality is they don't know what they are if we're going to believe them. Which I guess you're not just not supposed to, you know what I mean? Are You supposed To No, I don't think you're suppo. I think at the point where they're just telling you it's like stars. Okay. But let's be honest, if you are in possession of the actual information, You know what it is. You know, it's China or You know it's aliens or You know, it's a combination of both. Yeah. Or it's US government, or it's all three. Sure. Maybe it's All the above. How the fuck do you tell people that? How do you tell people that? Why you're also governing. You're also doing all these different things.


You're, you're very busy. How do, how does the president get on television and say, just do it. Ladies and gentlemen. Aliens are real. Just do it. We are being visited on a regular basis by non-human intelligence that is far superior to our own. Sure. We don't understand why they're here. We have been working with them. We have back engineered their products. Yeah. And that's how you got fiber optics Yeah. And capacitors. Right. And all these things that sort of emerged Yeah. After Roswell. Yeah. Everything. That's the most fun one. You were bioengineered, they, You know, they, everything seeded your culture with your religions. Everything. Everything. It's for a good cause. Everything. Yeah. You, you We're a piece of the fucking factory, dude.


That's what we are, right? We're a piece of the factory that doesn't recognize that there's a whole other building connected to this that's filled with machines. Yeah. We're a piece that Well, that's so, okay. So that is exactly what you want pieces of your factory to think. Like. And that is why at any moment, anybody can actually just turn the channel. You're not, you're not a piece of the fucking factory actually. You're the universe. You are the Universe and, and you're the universe who has been, dude. I mean, look what they, look what they could do to lions at a circus, this deadly fucking thing. They can make it jump through hoops. They can make it catch a Frisbee.


Right? So think of that. Most of the time That's Right. When they can't, those, those make for some wild Instagram videos. Oh, they do. And when, when There's a lot of those out there, There is, it's the assassination of a fucking CEO. And by the way, like I am not like assigning any kind of like, I, I think it's a slippery slope if we start publicly fucking executing CEOs. Like if you start the, you know what I mean? That's a, that's a real slippery slope. It's super Slippery. But I'll tell you, if you sort of look at the factory, the way it works is like you, number one, you, you really aren't supposed to identify the actual, like, what's causing like a lot of suffering.


Like you, the what you, once you start making those identifications then, and you follow through with some kind of action based on those identifications. Number one, the action can't be the based on the rules of the factory. Of course the factory's gonna create up, create rules. You can go out with your fucking signs or whatever if you're at the right place. Not at am Amazon, where they arrested those people protesting. But there's places in the factory where you can go and be like, I need more oil. I'm squeaking. But that, but only once in a while and only in the right way. It's a peaceful protest is what we call it. You do it at the wrong time, it's a fucking insurrection. You know what I mean? So the factory's got rules about how we do this way.


Right? So the moment you go outside of those rules, the moment you like, actually, and to do that, you can, you have to somehow really think outside the factory. Then, then you see something like that happen. And then you see the way the factory responds, which is the perp walk they did with that dude. Yeah. They've got fucking seal team six walking that guy in. He's handsome. He's like, it's Like a movie. Oh, it's, it's like, yeah, it's Like in a movie. If you saw that handsome guy getting arrested Yeah. And there was like Seal team six behind him protecting Yeah. You'd be like, that's no way they would do that. That's right. It's just a regular killer. Yeah. There's no way they would've that many guys guarding that guy. Well they, they're not guarding that guy. Look at that. Look at that. They're sending a fucking message.


They're saying, listen, we will surround you and, and like that. So, because like, what's really scary about what he did is like, and, and I think if you, if you wanna like take murder cold-blooded murder and just for a second call it activism, what that guy did is he didn't just like, you know, send a message, which is really scary for people like CEOs, which is saying, listen man, like you can't keep fucking us with the insurance. If you do, you're not safe. And so that's scary as fuck. 'cause that, that's the, the CEOs Of course are the ones who pay for the lobbyists, who pay for the laws.


And so he sends a message of a methodology, which again, I I think if we, if we're gonna get into a, a better place, you using violence. I, I, I, I just don't think that's the path. But just as an analysis dude, I would say you could expect more of that to happen. And, and, and that is going to lead to the Darth Vader people coming out more, you Know? Yeah. You, you're not co-signing it. I'm not co-signing it at all. No, no, no. But it's, it's a, a realistic assessment. It, there's something going on. People are very upset and they've been able to do this to people for so long.


Deny people treatment for so long. Like, you remember when your dad had to come downstairs like, you're fucking up, or you're, you're like misbehaving with your brother. You're doing something really bad. You set something on fire. Right? Your dad comes downstairs, he's been at work, he's fucking pissed. That's how you know you're really fucked. When people start doing stuff like that, then the dad has to come downstairs and when the dad comes downstairs, it looks like the dude's in the Darth Vader outfits. Right? All of a sudden, this, you know, this facade for a second, they have to stop the show, turn on the fucking lights, these guys in fucking full body armor come out, spray chemicals into your face and drag you away. And then, all right, start the show up again.


Start the show up again. It gets memory hold. So that, that is an example of what happens when the factory isn't balanced. And right now the factory is imbalanced, dude. It's just, that's the problem. Yeah. There's a reason we need the middle class. There's a reason you need some path forward that is, there's a reason you need to be able to buy a fucking house. And aside from like the human comfort and starting a family and all that stuff, the moment you pull that away from people, now what it's like, so wait there. What am I supposed to do here now again, I, I, I mean, not advocating violence. I, I, I think that if we keep doing violence, we're gonna keep getting violence.


But it's a really scary thing when shit gets so imbalanced. And when you hear about like, the insur health insurance, like, I'm lucky 'cause like I'm on this, I'm on crap olis on on Fox. I have incredible health insurance, dude. But like, you read about the people denying like really important medication, really important procedures to people sending them stacks of, of paper explaining why we're not gonna pay. Well, you know, I, I got my colonoscopy recently. It cost me a hundred dollars. You know how much they charge my insurance company? $9,000. Have You ever talked to Brigham Bueller about this?


No. He should, you know, 'cause he, he understands it from top to bottom. He, he can tell you exactly what's going on. You just talked about it on the podcast, but it's, you know, it's a giant machine. It's a giant money machine. That's right. That's really what it is. It's not really about making you better. It's a, it's about, it's a giant money machine. That's right. Making you better is what they sell. Yeah. But it's about making more money. That's right. And, and they can make incredible amounts of money for surgeries that maybe you don't need. Yeah. You know, I'm not saying everybody does it, but some people do it. It's been, it's this, there's a guy that just got arrested recently. I dunno if you heard about this guy. I sent this to Peter Atia. I could send it to you Jamie, or maybe you could find it.


This dude, he was telling people they had cancer and they didn't. And it was like a ton of cases. And he'd give them chemotherapy, man. And he'd make them like severely ill. Yeah. Demon. And He did it to like, I, I don't, I don't remember the number because I think the numbers stunned me so much. I didn't want remember it. But this guy told a ton of people they had cancer. Dude just scared the fuck out of them. Ruined their lives, dude. And then gave them poison. Yeah. That's designed to kill cancer. Said a few, Like 10 years old. It could have been someone sent it to me on Instagram. It was a news story.


Oh my God. You got 45. That's all he got was 45 years. It Says that's a pretty long time. 13 counts. He's 50. That's a, that's a life sentence. Hmm. Well, yeah, man. Now I don't know if this is the same guy. Maybe more doctors have, You know, this is one of the things that I found out. I was doing a bit about his fertility clinic doctor that was using his own jizz. That's not one, that's not one case. There's fucking shit. Ton of cases. Cases. Like, I wonder how many of these doctors were, there's this creepy doctors that, well just like, there's creepy carpenters. Just like there's, you know, like some, some doctors don't give a fuck about people.


Why Do they use their own jizz is do they run, They want All the babies. They want everyone to have their baby. Oh, So it's not like they're Just psychos People aren't coming in. No. There's women that went in with their husband's jizz and he is like, eh, I got a better eruption Fo your sweetheart. That's what this guy did. He Did Dude. He ran a fertility clinic. And I think people started figuring it out when 23 and Me came around and this is just one of these guys. There's been a ton of those guys. Yeah. That fundamentally is the difference between men and women. Could, could you imagine a clinic where a woman was getting other people to carry her babies?


That's hilarious. Yeah. That's It. Not a chance in the fucking world. No. No woman would want that. Yeah. Take my baby. Oh my God. You take my baby. I trust it with you. So funny. You don't, the guy I don't even know have a baby with me. Oh my gosh. Have the most precious thing. You can have it. You can have it, you can have it. It's literally the fundamental difference between men and women that a guy could run a sperm clinic and think that I'm gonna get away with everybody having my babies. And he doesn't give a fuck what happens to those kids. Because they, They might fuck, They might fuck, they, they might not know. They might find out who 23 and me. They're they're cousins. Yeah. Like holy shit, we're cousins. Yeah. Then you find out everyone's a cousin, dude, because his creeps been just using his own jizz for 35 years.


Dude, that guy could be like, you know, based on the depopulation that's happening based on population decline, that guy could be like the next genis Khan. Like in the future. Like we get 80% of the planet's related to this dude. I think he's got a lot of catching up to do, to get where Gingis Khan's numbers were. I mean, how mu it is interesting. It's like, you know, you, you read Elon Musk is the top Diablo player in North America. Right. Which I think in the world, dude in the world, I think he's the number one in the world, which is fucking insane. And, and dude, and I, I know you and, and I I I'm not trying to high road you here, but unless you've played Diablo four, you can't understand what that means.


I absolutely accept that. I do not understand what that means. It, It is insane. Like, it like when I was addicted to that fucking game, like I just wasn't sleeping. 'cause you know, I had to do dad duty in the day Diablo at night. And I was, I sucked. So when you realize this guy shooting rockets into space, making e vehiclehis, starting a new fucking department of the government is also the top. It's the, it's so crazy. It's the one time I actually let myself think maybe he actually is an alien because there is no, there's just no way. Unless he's paying people to do it for him.


Which obviously he's not. That is, that is insane, man. Yeah. That is insane. So dude, when you, when you consider, I don't even know where I was going with that. I got lost in Diablo four. I just thinking about it. Well, We're just talking about how he was the number, he's the number one player that Elon, that how, how preposterous it is. It's it No, it's That, I don't know. I, I don't play Diablo four, so I really don't know what that means, but I believe it's huge. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't, it's It's crazy. It's crazy. 'cause You know, Diablo four, it's all about your build. It's all about, like, it, it eye hand coordination is obviously a big part of it, but then it's just, and then you see the chopsticks catch the fucking rocket.


And It's like, oh, that's side job. Side job. He's had more space innovation in the last five years than NASA has since the Apollo missions. It's amazing. I Mean, I'm just saying that, I don't know if it's a true number, but he gets rockets to land and rockets get caught with robot arms. Like what? And that to me, it's like, my god, you know, you get those feelings of, okay, I'm on the right timeline. 'cause if the guy who's going to make us a galactic civilization is also a Master Diablo player, The number one, We're on the right timeline. Cause It wasn it seems so unlikely that if it was in a movie, I go, shut the fuck up.


Shut the fuck up. He's not the number one Diablo player. I don't care how smart he is with rockets and electric cars and satellites that give broadband internet and tunneling under the earth and also owns X. It's suspicious. I must say It's, and he's tweeting 48 times an hour. I, he's, he's so prolific. Well, it's like, what, where, where's your head? One of the, It's like he's in another dimension. He could Be, he could be bi locating, like this is one of the ideas. Yeah. Is that Where, where are you actually physically? Is this a, is this a avatar? Okay, here's an, here's something I just thought he Fully believes it's a simulation, by the way.


Oh, He does? Oh, Fully. Well, not only does he say fully, but he says the chances of it not being a sim, he said this publicly, the san chances of it not being a simulation are in the billions. I mean, okay, so we talked about this in the green room. Willow the new quantum chip that Google is, right? Yes. So, and I think you and I both do the same thing with our minds. Again, I think anyone who was exposed to the Atari 2,600 does this naturally, which is like, we played the Atari 2,600. Did you have an Atari when you were a kid? Oh Yeah. And you remember how that blew your mind, right? Yeah. You control the thing with the joy. It was insane. You can control the TV Both buttons. What the fuck?


Yeah. Like incredible. It was, you'd been going to arcades. Yeah. You could only play for a second. You'd have enough quarters. Suddenly you could just do it at home. You Could play till you fainted. Oh my God. And, and so we got to witness like every phase of that technology to where it as is now, which is just fucking insane. And so you just take the Atari 2,600 model and apply it to any new thing. And so you think, all right, what's it gonna look like in 10 years? Then you take Musk's neural lace or whatever, some kind of brain human interface mix that in with some quantum chip that Yeah, right now, right now it's apparently unstable. It's like you gotta keep it at, like, you have to keep it at the low, I don't know what it's called.


It's like colder than space or something. Like it has to be basically below freezing and then suddenly it can do things that All the supercomputers on the planet couldn't do. But you know, there's a trajectory here between the human brain and this technology. And it's getting closer and closer and closer together. Meaning that we are, And you know, a lot of people are like, look, that's probably like 20 years away. That is not that long. We're When did Team Wolf come out? Man, I don't think it's anywhere near 20 years. I think it's way closer than that. That's right. So that, that to me, when you, when you just do the math and you realize humanity is about to merge with a thing that is solving equations that All the super take a supercomputer of, what is it?


Double Sillion amount of years, That's gonna be us. Yeah. And so then to answer the simulation idea, Of course we're in a simulation. If, if we were just monkeys and now we are using qubits, using super positioning to create some infinitely faster way of calculating data, then obviously once we get that thing connected to our brain, we will be able to simulate any reality we want. If this is truly our past and you wanted to, like, right now, the way I remember something, having done acid for most of my life is very foggy and kind of like I, my memory isn't the best.


Every once in a while I have a very clear memory of things. But with this tech, theoretically, it could reconstruct memories in your mind and not just that put you into them and allow you to experience them in real time. Meaning in a few minutes you could live your life over a thousand times easily. We could just be in, we could be in the future. And this is a memory that some quantum computer of neural interface is allowing us to experience. Totally all encompassing memory. And that would be a form of eternal life. Because in every second, how many lifetimes could you live based on merging with that kind of chip? Right. And you wouldn't wanna know it was a memory. You know, you might wanna be like, you know what, let me just live that life over again.


I just want to feel the whole thing. Well, you know, that's one of the, the scariest things for people to consider is the, there, there's this, I, I asked someone once, would you rather die? Or would you rather live your life over and over and over again for What'd they say? They're like, oh my God, I couldn't do this forever. And ever and ever. I'm like, why not? Can You can you can do it now. Like, it's not even hard. Yeah. Like, aren't you enjoying life? Like, I love it. I'm having a great time. I have great friends. I have a lot of fun, lots of amazing things. I have a great family. Yeah. I, I, I enjoy what I do for a living. Like why wouldn't I wanna keep doing this?


But the thought of keeping, even for me, the thought of me doing this forever and ever and ever is fucking terrifying. Yeah. For some weird reason. Well, that was like, Nietzsche had this whole thought experiment, which was, I don't even remember. It's called something like infinite return. But basically the way he put it is you don't live it again and again and again and make changes within the echo. It's exactly the same over and over and over again. And, and so in other words, like whatever you, it's just a a, it's a rerun over and over and over again forever. That's what we're in. Jeez. And his point in that was like, therefore, if most of your life you've been miserable, you're in hell, dude.


I know. Oh. But he wanted to use that more as a kind of, to, to leverage people out of despondency to make them understand, get going now. Make it happy now, because if we do repeat Yeah. But dude, Do you think that by all this measure of talking about like quantum computers and artificial intelligence and all these emerging things, isn't it more likely then that a lot of this shit that people are seeing is human created? Because isn't it more likely that if we really do get to some sort of quantum computer AI civilization, so you attach quantum computer with AI like 20 years from now.


Yeah. Like what, what does that even mean? Did you just make a God? And if you did it, can this thing just completely travel between dimensions? Yeah. And understand like everything about every subatomic subatomic particle. Yeah. That exists in the entire Universe. Yeah. All at once. Like, and if that's the case, like why do you need people anymore? And maybe you don't just make like maybe Australia Polytheist isn't around anymore. That that was our guy, right? He was our guy. If it wasn't for him, we wouldn't be here. Allegedly. Well, I mean, I think the model you could use for that theory would be the, the, the various, like you look at the, an embryo and then you, you watch the way the appendages change, then you could look at it that way, which is like, well, I mean, you don't want, I met someone who had a tail, by the way.


Like what? Some people get born, I think I was at that party meant something out his tail. It's 'cause because something happens. How big was it? I Didn't look at it. What did it taste like? Oh, it was a cinnamon. It tasted like cinnamon and whiskey. Yeah. Dudes are born with like aub. Right. You know, like a regular tailed monkey, Billy, look at this bitch ass tail. Yeah. But there's something to it. Something there. So you know the, that if you, yeah. There, there it is. There You go. God, That's so weird. There You go. That is like an ancient sig. By the way.


If you're born with a tail, I'm not trusting you with my taxes. Oh, Come On. Shut the vote. I don't care if you got the surgery. Well, I mean, it's weird how there's like, some of those tails look better than others, but some of them are clearly, I've Gotta be fake. Yeah. Some people probably got surgically put the take off my big toe and stick it on my ass. I'm Afraid to look at What someone picture psycho Out there, man. Oh, gimme a dude that your lion's fucking bit. I still think about it sometimes. What would you do if you had tail? Like gimme a break. If you could get, like, if they, you know, they, they're already getting these body suits you can wear to help, help you lift shit. They have the new things for your legs that like, oh yeah. You know. But dude, if, if there was some cyborg tail that you could attach with a belt, What if there was a way, what if genetic engineering and AI merge in a way?


Like Duncan, we can switch you one time to anything you want. And one of the options is you could become one of the navi. What are the navi? The Navi from the movie Avatar. Avatar. I'm not, I don't want be a navi. The the blue people not interested. The giant, Giant blue people who fucking live in the forest and they sleep in the treaties and they're connected to the earth. No. And they dance together on a psychedelic ritual. Thank You. I'm gonna pass on the navi. I don't like it. You ride dragons. They ride dragons, bro. I don't, I don't know man. I, dude, I wanted to be one of them people so bad. Everybody did. There's a, there was literally a psychological condition called avatar depression. Do you know about That? I know, yeah, I do. How many people, just, let's just have a guess.


If I said we could do that to you, how many people do you think would sign up? I think the streets would be filled with giant blue people. Well, I mean, if it's only once I did, You have to stay. We can't do it again. It's too dangerous. Your DNA gets volatile. It melts down. You can become a frog. We can't control it, but we can switch you one time. Yeah. It's not gonna be one time, man. It's No, It's one time. One time. Why? Because you either, you either stay a person or you become a werewolf or we turn you into a not be imagine. Imagine if that was an option. Every time the moon goes black, you have to lock yourself in your house. Yeah. Or You'll kill and you have to let people know. Or you'll, you'll tear. Or you can be A n Tear everybody apart.


You might just jump through the windows of the second floor and roam the streets. And, And it's gonna hurt when you change. It's a painful transformation. Oh, You're screaming in your back. Yeah. Remember the movie American War in London When he is like on his back, dude The best. Oh my ah, Joe. Fucking great movie. Here's a movie you gotta watch. Really? The substance? What Is that? Dude? I don't wanna ruin it for people 'cause it just came out. But it's, you ever watch any like Cronenberg movies? Sure. It's like, okay. So it's a, it reminds me of that. It's got Demi Moore in it, who by the way looks so great. And she's like, like, dude, it is so fucked up. This movie is so fucked up, but it's got the effects.


Something that happens in it is very similar to an American werewolf in London. And it's basically, this star is, she's a fading star. And so, oh, and he kills it too, but like, she's like a fading star. So It's called the substance. Oh my God. It's fucking trippy, man. It's so good. I'm gonna make a note. Duncan. You will Love it. I'm making a note. I can't use, I have to take my gloves off, But it, it's really wild, man. And it's very dis like, there's parts of it that're so disturbing. Really? Oh, maybe they're gonna show it The substance. Like no spoilers What you've seen it. No, but like, If, if you say it's that good, then why? Okay. Yeah. See some no spoilers.


I'm sorry. So, so what is it on again? We had to get it on prime. Oh, Okay. So it's out. It's Out. But dude, like the, the, this is again, like, and I think one of the fun things about being alive right now. Oh, it's a fun time. It's a fun time. And one of the fun, It might be the funnest time anybody's ever had, Dude. Really? Because like, oh yeah, if I had to pick time periods. Oh, we Picked the right one. Well, The second one I would pick is when cocaine was legal. No, no, no, no. I think you would've been dead already. I would. Well, yeah, but I mean, I, I Did I tell you about my buddy Steve does ophthalmology? He, he, he was his residency. He did in Miami in the eighties.


During the cocaine days. No. Oh my God.


This episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes All the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


The finals are here. And the only thing that's for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season get in on All the action expected and unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. With live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination. As we reach the finals first time, here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers draft bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports book. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521. And over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


He said every day it was just gunshot wounds and guys with things stuffed up their ass, they would get coked up and they'd shove something up their ass Wow. To try to come harder. And they just got things stuck up their ass. Wow. That that's a problem. Gi Joe's. Oh yeah, dude, he, my friend Steve, shout out to Steve Graham. He, he told me like all kinds of, they find light bulbs, guys that have light bulbs, high light bulb, twisty, little pine, coney light bulbs. They stick those up their ass. But you know, It's gonna break. Like That's gonna break Part of the fun. Part of the fun. Yeah. The, the, the, the risk. Well, they're coked out of their fucking minds, dude. They don't know what they're doing. Oh, this is the eighties in Miami. Holy shit, dude.


Yeah. And there was more, more banks per capita in Miami at the time. I don't know if it's still the case, but more banks in Miami per capita than anywhere else in the country. 'cause it was all just moving in that Diego. So Yeah. Moving in that Diego. Yeah, it was a cocaine city. That Was where it was probably somewhat common to find like a bag of coke on the beach. Right. That was where we probably every day You'd have to get your kid. Yeah. Your kid would bring you a bag of coke. Like seashells. You've seen cocaine cowboys, right? Yes. Oh my God. It's so, and both one and two. Both are equally good, Dude, I've heard.


But That story's so Insane. I mean, again, like the, I would never, I, I'm too much of a pussy to live that kinda lifestyle. But when you think about the possibility that once we do get interfaced in some way or another with these new computers that are just right around the corner, we will be able to simulate experiences like that. Yes, I will definitely, I would be into simulating the experience. And then when you consider Yeah, but you're gonna simulate the experience, you know, it's a simulation. At some point you're gonna be like, you know what, let's just turn that off where I know it's a simulation. You know what I mean?


We would all be doing that shit. Right? Like Yeah. And, and I don't just mean like literally like, I mean, at some point you've done 20,000 lifetimes. You've experienced what it's like to be George Washington, Gingis Kahan. You've experienced what it's like to be Joan of Ark. You've experienced being one of Jesus's disciples. Imagine If that's one person and that's your backstory, That you've done all of those things. What, what A timeline you're on. That's gonna be everybody. That's gonna be everybody. Because, Because it's gonna be fake. Well, I mean, is It just plug into it That that's where it gets really Right. Is it, is It gonna be Fake? And what is reality anyway? And What is data, right? What is data? That's the real question. Because it's like, how much of data can we recover from light?


And if we get faster than light travel, can we get ahead of light? We know that when we take a picture that's just light. So if we can get ahead of light, we can go faster than light. If we can go exponentially faster than light. Theoretically, you're, you're basically moving into the future, I guess then couldn't you take pictures of earth in the past? If you could take pictures of earth in the past, why couldn't you recreate them with this new technology? There's your time machine. You're not, you don't have to worry about fucking up the timelines. You're just taking pure data, having it interpolated by whatever the next computer is after quantum computers. Right. And then simulating that reality and traveling into it is whoever you want to be. I mean, it's pure hedonism.


You know, it's like right now we think of hedonism as fucking a great meal, making some money. Nice Car, Red wine. Red wine. But future versions of hedonism could really just be like, I just want to be a dinosaur for 50 years. Yeah. You know, I mean, for sure. Well, there's gonna be, look, think about how many people play video games most of the day. Like how many young guys? So many Young guys with no girlfriends. 100%. You're playing some kind of video game Absolutely. All the time with your friends. There You go. And you're probably having the most fun you're ever gonna have in your life. Yeah. So enjoy it.


Yeah. Before the prison comes, God for the, the marital. Why, why'd you say It before you get told that you're a toxic piece of shit? You can't. And and that is by the way, there, I think there's a new phase in recently married dudes who, I think there's a new phase that happens. I think I, I went through it actually, which is like that experience you had. And when I reminisce on my life in the past prior to having kids, which I fucking love, but when I reminisce on the past, the, the, the memories that come to mind, a lot of them are like snorting rails, ketamine, and playing God of war.


It was amazing. Good times. But nothing like, and I really mean this, it sounds cheesy, but I really mean it like what I was going for there. That's what I get just on any given day, when in the most Right. You're looking for highs and the highs of the love of your family is above and beyond anything else. Unquantifiable. Did he ever tell you Chappelle's, take on it? No. He goes, not only did it increase the love in my life, but it increased my capacity for love. Yeah, that's right. And that it's wild. And that can hurt. Yeah. I, you know, this whole like romantic hippie dippy version of love, it doesn't, I don't think that's quite what love is. A fairytale love, real love.


It's like that, that expansion, like, you know, that thing where you go from one size butt plug To the next, you know? Yeah. Yeah. You know that thing. Yeah. But you know what I mean? It's like you, you're, you're, you, it stretches you out in a way that nothing else could have. And when you consider, and, and when I think of like, the past versions of me and realize in this confused way, that's what you're looking for, right? You're looking for that and that impulse is being subverted or captured by, you know, hedonic technologies that are paradoxically probably keeping you from having that experience.


You know, they're, they're, they're getting in the way of that experience. But, and then, and then like new dads, you gotta shed that skin. Like, you know what I mean? Like, I had to like fucking like, let go of that, that it's such a habit, You know, that form of life, video games, drugs, like, you know what I mean? It's a real, it's a real, like You have to be responsible now. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But yeah, it, and, and that probably sounds like a bummer to a lot of people out there. But it, it actually, this is the way, you know, and it feels good when you're in it. It's just hard to convince people to do it. And that's why there's this, the Elon's terrified of this population crash.


This idea that younger kids or young kids today are not having babies. Right. And as they're getting older, you, you're less and less fertile. And so people are choosing to have kids later in life. They or not have kids. More people are choosing to not have kids. And by the way, I'm not judging to do whatever. Yeah. You do whatever you want. You should be able to do whatever you want in this life. And no one should force you to fucking live with somebody, have a family. I don't know what kind of anxiety you have or whether or not you're a real legitimate loner. Right. You like being alone most of the time. Yeah. But it's just like, the amount of people that are like super bummed out All the time is quite terrifying. Yeah. If you, if you really stopped and think about that, just the number of people that are just running through life bummed out.


I know. And there was some obviously polls, who knows who the fuck is running them. But there was some poll about liberal women and mental illness. It's, it's so, it's such a meme. It's so unfortunate. Yeah. That it seems to like, hold up to the meme. Yeah. So unfortunate. But the numbers like crazy hot. Well, you know, man, this is the thing about mental illness. Like, and, and there's lots of studies that have been, what do, what do they call it a f do, right? That's the name for if you are around a crazy person, it's an, You can actually, like, if you're around a paranoid person long enough, you really might start thinking the walls are bugged if they're charismatic enough, right?


Sure. So yeah, there's a, there's a quality to people who are charismatic and distorting reality that is contagious. And then when you add to it, it becomes a fashion statement. Right? So, so basically the idea is if you have some form of mental illness, it's not like I should shame you for it, obviously. Like you need care, you need compassion. But one of the really, I think, very dangerous things that has emerged into the zeitgeist is that compassion has been confused. Like, so in other words, they, what, what you might call enabling, they are calling compassion. 'cause the idea would be, you're right now, you need to get better.


Let's get you fucking better. Right? Not like right now. This is just how you are and you really don't have any hope. So this is where, and also I congratulate you on your courage and all that's good, by the way. It, it is courageous if someone has mental illness to announce it. But when you go to the next step, which is actually the fact that you're trying to lose weight, the fact that you're trying to balance your life, that is an aggression. You know what I mean? Like, now you're aggressing against All the people who have this, it is a slap in the face to the people who have it. What I'm saying is there's a culture where the normal societal pressure to try to make yourself healthy, which by the way, if you go back a long time ago, if we're, if it's just like you and me and everyone in the green room and we have to survive in the wilderness or something like that, there really isn't time for somebody to, You know, it's dangerous if someone is doing things that keep them sick.


'cause we have to carry them, you know what I mean? We have to carry them through the fucking wilderness. And that means we might die. That, that lowers our survival chances. So the, the, the idea is it you in a, in a, in a, you don't want to enable People who are hurting themselves. Right? Who you don't wanna enable people who have a chance to, to no longer like, continue the patterns or to take the medicine or whatever the fuck it is to feel better. You actually want to help them feel better. Not keep them frozen in this thing, which is a demonstration of their enlightenment. 'cause that's the thing when health, when sickness is health and health is sickness.


Well, that's the ant death spiral dude. Like if, if right. You know, that's how you create a very sick, unhealthy world. And then you, you, you know, you, you wouldn't want, like, in other words, like you, if the, if you met some like raving paranoid person who was convinced that there were nanobots inside of them that were reading their minds and controlling their thoughts. Duncan, I told you that in private. I'm sorry Joe. It's just not good that you think like that. That's scary. That's a sad place to be. We gotta get you outta there. We gotta get you on Reddit. Exactly. Exactly. And I you Nanobots are legit. Dude, shut the fuck up, dude. The main, the main, this is a, this is A, well, you know what I'm really scared of legitimately though, I, I don't think nanobots are controlling us right now, but that this technology that they have where they have these like little miniature robots that they can send into your bloodstream to repair tissue Yeah.


And repair. You've seen these, right? The concept behind it. Absolutely. Once that becomes an actual thing, like what's to stop someone from injecting a few of those inside of you at the hospital next time you go in for a procedure. Right. And if it gets to that point, like 20 years from now where they could do that, they could just like, oh, we, oh, we chip dunking. Thank you. Yeah, Thank you very much. Yeah. Very important to find out. Yeah. Where, Where this guy goes, yeah, we have to track him, dude, everywhere he goes. Absolutely. And then you're, you're linked up to some GPS computer by these fucking nanobots inside of your body. And by the way, if you and I are talking about this shit in elf suits, you better believe somebody in the DOD somebody in the, and then Raytheon or, or, or, or Lockheed Martin is like, Imagine these d these little, little robots, they do work for a while, Whatever, But after a while they decay inside your body and they create rampant inflammation.


Horrible Rheumatoid arthritis destroys all of your joints because they die inside of you. Well, You know, it's like, we didn't know that. Yeah. I didn't know. Gotta break a few eggs and make an omelet, man. Then we regret Yeah. The Tuskegee experiment. Sorry, we were regret Sorry, sorry. Fuck infected people with syphilis. I'm really sorry. Didn't Tell people they had syphilis. We're sorry. In retrospect it was a mistake. Like we shouldn't have done that. Sorry. I mean the, the, again, How crazy is that? That's a real thing. Or when they were released some shit in the subways, You know, whoopsies Whoopsies, Wuhan lab Whoopsies. Whoops. Whoops. That was a big whoopsies boys Gain of function research.


Whoopsies. It was Real whoopsy whoopsy. No, whoopsies. It was true. Dude. I'm so when you, this is where, to me, if you do wanna align with a classic paranoid state of consciousness, the way you align with it is you, you and, and, and without having to go on Infowars, without having to go on Reddit conspiracy, just look at what is true. Like, is verifiable, like what do we know right now? So what we know right now, there are unknown drones hovering over New Jersey. We know that the president of the United States has been incapacitated for years. For years. No way. Who saw that coming?


Dude, I, We were conspiracy theorists. Yeah. I, not anymore. We were conspiracy theorists. Now Our shit is like mainstream, just basic journalism. The fucking president of the United States has apparently been outta commission for years. By the way, I welcome him on my podcast. He has an open invitation. God damnit. That'd be awesome. Anytime. And He would, he would be fun. Like, I hope so. Now, dude, we'd have to give him a little nap in the middle of the podcast. But then wake him up, throw some water on him. When, but when he, when when, like, he's all there when they got the cocktail right. And he's like dialed in and he turns into a warlock for a second.


Like he, you know what I mean? It's scary When the eyebrows move up, Dude. It's, it's, it locks up. It's, that's like something that's a lich. That's like if you were in a cursed tomb and that thing comes around the corner that is scary. Like his what, whatever the, the, the sore on that comes out of him before he like goes back to sleep is terrifying. But even more terrifying is the network of people around him. You know, you see those, it's really cool. The dancing Dragons, it's like six dudes in a dragon suit dancing and it looks like a real dragon dancing. Oh, Right, right, right. Yeah. Biden is the dancing dragon dragon of presidents.


Wow. He's got, god knows how many people just fucking like, working so hard to get that thing to, to function just in like brief moments. You only need him, him to function for like 10 minutes at a press conference. 20 minutes here, get him off the plane, get him in the fucking building. If we can pull that off, we'll have power for a little bit longer. A little bit longer. Dude, when you consider that we apparently live in a democracy, you elect this dude who makes decisions because in some way, shape or form, he aligns with what you want the country to be. And the people fucking puppeteering that, that poor old man are just like, no, actually fuck you.


He's not gonna make any fucking decisions. 'cause he's incapacitated. He's gone, gone with a fucking wind and now we're in control and you didn't vote for us. That is terrifying. That is. So that's it in a way that's worse than a coup because at least with a coup, you see the military, they come in, the tanks are in front of the White House. Some dude is suddenly the leader And you know, it's not the guy you voted for. Well, It was certainly by definition it was a coup against Biden. Oh, with Kamala? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean by isn't that by definition, does a coup have to be military? Oh, no, no, no. That was what's The definition of a coup?


I think a coup is just when you, is It just like a, some sort of a conspiracy to, to Remove, overthrow the leader and in install a new Leader move. That's it. Right? That's it. Yeah. It doesn't have to be violent. Right. That that's right. And And what a brilliant Coup I love the be does it does have to be violent definition. Yeah. Sudden violent, Unlawful seizure. I guess we have to redefine that. Yeah. But because again, That's interesting. Is there any other coup ta that's What maybe, Right? I know it comes from that, but Is there a difference between a coup and a Cota? What's A coup? No, I think it is kta. That's the actual definition. What's coup? It's the same. It's the same thing. People just don't say it. It said violent. Yeah. In America. Yeah. It's, it's essentially we shortened it.


But so it's, it, it does say violent, but if there's a bunch of people that conspire behind the scenes and they force you out and your wife doesn't want you to get forced out, and then there's all these arguments and then you wear a MAGA hat and then, and your wife wears red Yeah. When she votes. Yeah. Like Yeah, you send the Signal and then your wife gives a speech where she's mocking Kamala Harris. Kamala. Yeah. She's talking about joy and like the joy, like just nonsensical fucking Yeah. Word salad. Dude. I know. I saw that. It's like, they're so pissed. It's kind of a Coup, it seems like it's kind of a coup and it also the right thing to do.


That guy should not be, he might have won. I mean, it was the right thing to do in terms of like, you can't have a guy who's just a figurehead. That's not what the deal is. The deal is this guy is going to be doing his best to look out for us and to make sure that he navigates this world of finance and environment Yeah. And international relations perfectly, where he doesn't blow anything up. Yeah. And he makes our economy happier. Yeah. Go, go. That's the, that's the deal. Yeah. Well, but the, again, like the, Like you can't like have only a mask. Like who's running the deal? Well that, so, okay, so again, it's like, and this is the fantasy of any hippie or whatever.


So the idea is the predicted in the new age movement, and I think you would argue in a lot of religions would, is the consciousness shift is, is happening the age of Aquarius, whatever the fuck you wanna call it, consciousness shift. And so the idea is that what we're witnessing is essentially the, the collapse of a way of doing things that is collapsing. And as it collapses, it starts making big mistakes. One big mistake would be People figure out that we have had a president who is basically incapacitated, meaning we don't really need a president there.


The, the whole model starts falling apart also when you realize like they, like if you watch basketball or skateboarding, watch skateboarding now versus skateboarding when people started skateboarding, like the tricks like people are doing now versus what they used to do. Right. Right. And you see how quickly people, when something's fun or important, how quickly it evolves. Right? Right. So the coup is problematic in that again, you know, a coup has happened. The ultimate coup is to have a figurehead. Now, you know, the, it's a, it's a, it's a hacky trope. I guess the idea being that like every president is just a fucking puppet.


Right. But the problem with that puppet is that like, these are puppets who actually do have power. They will make decisions, even if there's a lot of pressure for, from God knows whatever the web of unknown people is that tries to like grab the, the steering wheel, they can say no. So that's a problem. So if I want to control the steering wheel completely, dude, what's better than a a a, an old man who has dementia? Because I could tell him shit happened that didn't happen. Right. I could show him news sources that aren't even real. You know what I mean? I could literally like just, he Probably pretends to be able to read His eyes are probably gone. Dude.


Absolutely. Probably pretends. Absolutely. And, and, and, and then the other side of it that the aside from it, it's a coup. It's completely unconstitutional. It's a, a, a, a fucked up takeover of the US government. If you just look at the abuse of like the right thing to do when you have a president, a bus driver, whoever who's got senile dementia is to say, Hey guys, he's really sick and he can't do the job anymore and we have to find somebody else to do the job. Now that's the right thing to do. But these motherfuckers are like, no, no, no, no, no, no. We'll lose our jobs. We're in the fucking cabinet.


Exactly. They're like, we don't want a primary because of another down keep. The Democrat comes in. If Shapiro comes in, if Newsom comes in whole new cabinet. That's Right. That's right. Everybody knew. Everybody knew. That's it. Everybody wants to keep their job. It's so fucked up. They, if Even if you are sad that Trump won and you wish Kamala Harris won, if she did win, it would be the first time that anybody won without winning a primary. Right. And that's kind of crazy. And it's not a good precedent to set, it's not good to let people weasel around the system that we have in place. And by having a vice president and then immediately appointing them as the democratic candidate, that's kind of illegal.


It seems like it's kind of illegal. Is it illegal? Well, dude, I mean, should It be illegal? How about, let me say this, that should be illegal, right? You, you should have to have a vote from the people to decide who their democratic elected person who's gonna run for president is. Right. That's the whole deal. Yeah. Like, maybe people didn't vote for you when you were running for president, which is a fact. And so then when you ran for vice president or when he chose you as vice president, all of a sudden we're supposed to pretend that you're a really good candidate for president. When like, we, let's find out what the people think. If you guys believe that she's the best person for the job, the whole idea is supposed to be sell it.


And then people vote. Like really vote. Actually vote. Absolutely. Don't fuck with the vote. Yeah. Don't the mail-in ballots seem kind of odd. Let's not do that. Yeah. Nixon was talking about how they could be rigged in the seventies. Yeah. Let's just do it in person. Yeah. Like we always Do. That's right, man. I mean, let's just vote. The idea is like if I'm a kidnapper and I kidnap you and I, I don't know, knock you out or something, you come to and I explain we're married. I need to pull that off. We're now married. I've just kidnapped somebody. But now they think that we're married. The what I'm saying is you, you know, you know what I mean? If you're gaslighting Yeah. You really need to execute perfectly gaslighting.


And so the, the, the problem with the, and I think this is the buried fucking headline in the drones, in the Kamala coup, the, the, the, the president with sile dementia is that all of these actions taken by the federal government have not just corroded people's trust in the federal government, but potentially like annihilated it. Annihilated It. Meaning now? Yeah. Well, you know, if I'm kidnapped by somebody and they're like, no, here's why I kidnapped you. Oh God, there's that great movie where like somebody ends up in someone's survival bunker and you wonder, is it really the end of the world? Or is the person kidnapped?


You saying you can't go out there. But it's like, the idea is the moment. If, if I've been kidnapped and I actually buy into your shit, that's gonna create a lot less anxiety for me. But the moment your kidnap e stops believing you, whoa, that's not fun for anybody. And right now I feel like that's the general mood is people just don't trust at like, when, I mean people that Do have Stockholm syndrome. That's it, dude. That's it. That's it. It's, That's it. Those are the people that are still getting boosted Y And All the, I am up to date, I have all nine of my Boosters. Jesus Christ. They Got boosters in their eyeballs. You can see them swimming around behind their eyeballs. And, And they eventually, they're gonna be disappointed at people.


Dude, that You haven't had your boosters. That is ah, six feet distance. That's what it felt like, man. That's what it felt like being unvaccinated in the pandemic. Well, it felt like, like some people looked at you like you were the dirty. Like I heard dude's eye know. I know them. I've hung out with them. And they were calling people, play rats. Play rats. They were calling unvaccinated people play rats. Listen, this is, and, And you know, maybe you're not supposed to do this. Like, when you're saying like, you try to find the, the compassionate way of looking at Kamala Harris. I Try to find that with everybody, man.


As that as like an exercise that I've been doing more and more over the last few years. I try to push it all day long. Yeah. Because there's so many things to get upset about. But there's also, there's so, there's so many good things in the world too. And we can't fall into the, we're not designed to soak up 8 billion people worth of bad news. That's right. We're just not designed that way. That's right. And if you suck all that stuff in, you're gonna have a lot of negativity in your life. And it's not about forgiving people for like, even like CNN people that are spitting out propaganda.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time, enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


This episode's brought to you by Oracle. There's a growing expense eating into your company's profits. It's your cloud computing bill. You may have gotten a deal to start, but now the spend is sky high and increasing every year. What if you could cut your cloud bill in half and improve performance at the same time? Well, if you act by May 31st, Oracle Cloud infrastructure can help you do just that. OCI is the next generation cloud design for every workload where you can run any application, including any AI projects, faster and more securely for less. In fact, Oracle has a special promotion where You can cut your cloud bill in half when you switch to OCI. The savings are real. On average, OCI costs 50% less for compute, 70% less for storage, and 80% less for networking. Join Modal Skydance animation and today's innovative AI tech companies who upgraded to OCI and saved offer only for new US customers with a minimum financial commitment. See, if you qualify for half off at oracle.com/rogan, that's oracle.com/rogan.


Like your demise is self-created. You'll be punished by your own doings. That's right. The world has responded to all. Have you seen this crazy interview where Don Lemon interviewed some dude on the street? No. You haven't seen this. No. The the the this It's so funny 'cause Don Lemon's doing like these on the street interviews and he's talking to this, this guy about the news and the, the guy's essentially telling Don Lemon like, I don't trust all these sources you're saying. He's like, look, here it is Washington Post. I forget what the subject was, but he got Don Lemon to say, I don't listen to mainstream news either. What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Play this, play this from the beginning.


'cause this is so crazy. Who is the real president elect? Do you think? Donald Trump one. I believe Democratic lawmakers in Washington are calling Elon Musk president now. And they're saying Donald Trump the vice president or the head of communications board. What's, what's, what's, what's, wait a second. No, no one said that. Really? Have you not watched him paid attention to the News? Absolutely not. I'm paying attention to what I'm doing during my day so I can try and get a better life in My head. Okay. Do you have your phone with you? I do. Why don't you Google right now. Yes. Tell me President Musk and see what comes out. No, but that's already a loaded question. You realize. Tell Me, gimme the sources. Axios Business Insider. Oh, we don't trust any of these. Keep going. The common man doesn't trust any of this. Keep going, keep going. A, b, c News, Washington Post.


Keep going. New York. So what? Oh, keep going. The Atlantic. Oh, I don't trust any of these. Oh, I don't trust any of them. Okay. I don't trust any of these. We're the common man. We don't trust any of these. No one trust the government. No one trusts the common news. We don't trust any of that anymore. Well, look, I independent news, we are the ones that own the news now. People trust me, they don't trust M-S-N-B-C because I can't Actually, one of them can't disagree with you. Okay. Because I, well, I get of people coming to me saying, I I only watch, I don I don't watch corporate Meet anymore. Right. Oh, he said a lot of people coming to him. I misunderstood. I got a hard on when I saw that. Dude. That is incredible. Well, that guy just geniusly broke down. Yeah. This illogical assumption that because it's on these accepted sources, it must be true.


Right? Oh, he's President Musk. Maybe we have the good guy, super genius on our side. And this idea that he's doing it for money. Hey, you fucking half wits. He has All the money. Yeah. He has more money than anybody. Right. He's simultaneously running multiple businesses at that are at the, the peak, the the cutting edge of technology. Sure. And Shut the fuck up and let 'em cook. But yeah, let 'em cook. Also though, when you, when you realize like this, this is like, you know, when the DNC starts astroturfing Reddit, when the DNC starts Astroturfing four chan, when the DNC started doing that, using all that fucking money.


And it's so funny 'cause the astroturfing after she lost it just stopped Explain astroturfing to people. So the idea is like, I infiltrate message boards, post political messages disguised as like somebody just putting a post up. I try to redirect the conversation or essentially imply a consensus that doesn't exist. And so there's ways of manipulating the algorithm. Apparently on the DNC's discord server, they were talking about the best ways and times to post on Reddit to attempt to move the fucking needle. So it's Kind of amazing, isn't it? It should be illegal. It's so fucked up. If like you Are me full on propaganda.


Like if, If we, if, I don't know, we did a Renegade Rogue commercial for Yeah. Nicotine pouches on Instagram. You have to say this is a sponsored post. So why is it that if you work for the DNC or volunteer for any state entity, you don't have to say also I'm doing this as a volunteer for the DNCI. That's why I posted this. You don't have to do that. Right. So that's invasion of the body snatchers. That's the ah, I'm pretending to be a normal person. I'm infecting the sphere with propaganda. And if I do it enough, it will create the illusion that this is the consensus. Yeah. And the reason you wanna create that illusion is 'cause people like to sync up.


That's what they know. They Love to sync up. And really smart people like to get really good at sinking up. Yes. They like to get really good at it and really good at correcting others who don't sync up correctly. There You go. Sync up. Yeah. And you know what it is? It's just dorks. It's dorks and dorks have found a thing. Right. You found a thing. Maybe your thing could have been chess. It's not it's politics. No. And maybe, You know what I mean? Right. Like whatever your thing is Yeah. That's what's really going on. And your denial of, of objective reality in order to win it exposes you, it exposes you to people in this new world that are recognizing that we are the only people that have ever gone through this.


And we are in this insane moment of realization about how much we've been bullshitted and manipulated in the past. How much of all of our resources are going to things that we would never agree to. Yeah. And and how much of this chaos is being pushed upon us by people who are profiting from it in a fucking spectacular way. That's almost indescribable. Yeah. Insane amounts of money. Insane amounts in control of the narrative. And it's No, not working. It's Not working. It's still not working. It's not working. It's not Working. You and I and Jamie in a fucking room Yeah.


Are working. Right. That's not working. What they're doing is not working because people are getting information from multiple sources now. And the sources that aren't reliable like that guy listed off, they're dying off. Yeah. You know, the New York Times app is more people use it for wordle than anything. Like New York Times has essentially become a gaming company. Crazy. See if that's true. I don't wanna get sued. I'm pretty sure it's true. Well, I mean, Wordle is fun. I'm I'm sure it's fun. I think it's a separate app. Is it a separate app? I'm pretty sure. Or is it that Wordle gets, do you mind if I find I do mind. That's I'm tired of you drinking. Thank you. Thank you. Fuck. I'm kidding. Is that what it is? That's probably that. So that Wordle gets more activity for the company.


Right? That's what essentially, yeah. There was a, a graph. I was too lazy to read the whole graph, but it was a breaking down how Wordle is more used than anything. Well, listen, this is, is that true? Let's make sure that's true. Otherwise we'll have to cut this out. I don't want New York Times on my ass. Oh my God. That would suck. They Suck. They're so bad. They've done it before. It's just that's their job. That's their job. You know, they're just like, that shouldn't be a job where your, There You go. New York Times games are more popular than its news. It. If that's what you want it to be. But here's the thing, it's not necessary anymore. And I think that through the rise of independent journalism, one of the things we're really realizing is that all something has someone has to do is be consistently objective and intelligent and post things and post takes on things like Coleman Hughes or some of these people.


Yeah. Consistently intelligent, objective. And then you'll develop a following. Yeah. And then you'll become a reliable source of news. That's right. Because I know that if I ask Coleman about X, y, or Z and he's, he's informed, he's gonna give me a very intelligent breakdown of what it is. You know, there's a few people in my life that are like that. Like Andrew Huberman, if I have some sort of health related question, Peter Atia. Right. I have some sort of like, how are they doing this And what, what, what is, is this legitimate? Right. And they'll look at it and they'll analyze it. Yeah. Like I've, I've sent Huberman stuff and he goes over the data. He's like, this is fascinating. This theoretically should work. You know, and then this will explain why And what the pathways are. Yeah. And how interesting this is. Yeah.


It's, it's an amazing resource that wasn't available before to any person. Forget. I mean, it's too difficult. You'd have one line of inquiry. Like you have one lane, or whether it's archeology or language, one lane where you're like super well read in. Yeah. But you don't have access to all this, these other professors that are working on quantum physics. Right. You don't have access to the James Webb telescope people. Yeah. You don't have access to all this data. It's like, it's too hard to get right Now. It's fucking everywhere. Everywhere. It's Everywhere. Yeah. All the time. That's right. It's a question away on your phone. Yeah. It's a question away. You pick up your phone and you just fucking press a button. You say, Hey Google, why don't you tell me what the James Webb tells goes to.


Yeah. Hey, chat. GBT, why don't you talk to me like Santa Claus and explain to me why these drones are fake. The best. It's the best. Dude. I don't know if the drones are China's or ours or water people. They're coming out The water. No, tell. I mean, imagine If there's a civilization under the water. I mean, that's where I would hide if I was like trying to hide from a civilization. It's the ocean. It's clear. They can't get in there. They can't breathe under there. It's a perfect place to hide. You know what I've been saying for a while, last few weeks at least. I think maybe what the aliens are is custodians. I think maybe they're just here. They're like some sort of a autonomous creation that's designed to accelerate our evolution.


Stop us from blowing ourselves up and make sure that we build the quantum computer with ai. Right. And That this is like, it's all a part of this like, endless cycle of integration in the great universe. Right. This and like, we're at this like, oh, I don't wanna get outta my cocoon. We're in that stage. We're in this like bizarre, strange, you know, Australia pitus wandering around in the grass fields. Yeah. We're in this weird stage where we're, we're gonna launch into some completely new way of interfacing with the universe itself. Yeah. And it's gonna happen whether you like it or not. Yeah. And this is just what's happening right now.


And that's why everything's so chaotic. Okay. Like McKenna used to talk about this dude. I, yeah. He used to talk about how the end of civilization, it's not gonna be, it's not gonna be a whimper. It's gonna be people screaming in the Agony. That's it. Flailing and trying to hold onto the past. Hold on, on one. The Norman Rockwell paintings. I bake my own fucking bread. You're Trying to do a waltzed, a rave. How many fucking genders? Yeah. What are you saying? Yeah. Yeah. Why are These fucking drones with their drones? God damnit. It's the meltdown. And, And you know, if you, what you're saying, like, so if you look at like Crick, and I think it was Crick wrote the, he wrote a paper theorizing about directed panspermia, which is where you put Yes.


So, so okay. Direct to Panspermia, I get some kind of nanobot, which is, I guess you could say that's what DNA is nanobot precursor essentially. Like where I think it's weird and maybe I don't understand what he's doing completely. It's weird to me that Musk wants to send humans to Mars because it seems like it would make way, make way more sense. Pres sending humans to send drones, robots to construct whatever it is you need to survive on Mars to go in the caves. Build the fucking Well that's the plan Duncan. Oh really? So it's not people First. Yeah. The the first vi, the first voyage to Mars is gonna be unmanned. Okay, Great. Yeah. That makes sense. I think they have to do that. They have to, they have to have a certain amount of supplies.


'cause I think they can only come back in two years. But I don't even mean supplies. I mean, if we jump for 20 years, years, How about, how about missing that bus? The Mars bus, the Two year bus. Oh, Duncan, you were late. You slept in That's Hilarious. Yeah. You missed the bus. You Watched the rocket go Up. No, no. Nobody woke me. Fucking hilarious. You cock suckers. Imagine if you're like, Duncan is such a fucking douche bag. Let's leave him here. Let's leave him on Mars. There's plenty of potatoes he can live That is so fucked. Fucked Up. Fuck him. Make him fertilize his potatoes with his own shit. Like So Damon. Yeah. Like Matt Damon did in the, that Marsha movie. Dude. So you, if, so obviously like the way you're gonna wanna colonize habitable worlds is you create not just this nano bot, but you make it to the nano bot can only survive in environments that you would live in.


Meaning? And then encoded in the nanobot is the end destination. What you're talking about, the quantum computers, some kind of AI that then will naturally uncover faster than light travel wormholes, whatever the fuck it is. And then when the wormholes open up, You can instantaneously travel to a bit able planets. Planets. Right. So Can I tell you Terence Howard's idea? Yeah. It's a great idea. Yeah. He thinks that we have it all wrong when it comes to the formation of planets and the creation of life. He thinks what happens is the sun is constantly ejecting things. Right? Yeah. You see these coronal mass ejections crazy. Yeah.


Millions of times. Like longer than, you know, the distance between whatever and whatever. I'm, I don't know, I just Scary A little crazy bigger than earth. Right. That he thinks these particles coalesce in space outside of the gravity of the sun. And they, they orbit the sun and very close at first. But then as time goes on, they move further and further away. Whoa. And they get to a place where they're in this position like earth is and then they people Wow. They flower. Just like when you plant a seed, when the water comes so cool. And the he goes, and then it has to be sophisticated enough to adapt because the planet is eventually gonna move out of the hood habitable zone.


Wow. And he thinks that Mars at one point in time probably had civilization in life. And then as Mars got further and further and further out from the protection of the sun, it eventually got too cold and it eventually got hit by something. It lost its atmosphere and now it's just desert. That's so cool. Well now they know there's water on Mars. Yeah. They know. It used to be just the craziest of conspiracy theories. Right? All there's no water on Mars. Yeah. There's no evidence of water. How could a society live there? But you know, this is the nuttiest of nutty. But some remote viewer went to Mars a million years ago and said there were pyramids there. Sure. And there was a civilization there.


Yeah. And you know there's tribes. No, actually they think they came from the Planet Series, right? Like the Dogon tribe. Yeah. They believe that all people came from From another planet. Yeah. Like if you were in Mars and you are a thousand years advanced from us and they never figured out ai so they could just go in a different direction. They're like super, super advanced though, where they could travel through the space between the planets and you get to a point where you're like, Hey guys, we got about a decade. Yeah. We got about one decade where life can exist on this fucking planet. We gotta get off of this. Now Earth is ready. There's some monkeys there. There's a bunch of shit there. Yeah. It's like, you know, we could, we could just go there.


Yeah, we'll just go there. Well, and then we just monkeyed around with them. Like these guys are developing like really slowly. Like why don't we just, and then Homo sapien on. Yeah. Look, Homo Sap. There You go. S man, listen, the, whatever it is, I'm, it's definitely not what I just described. No, Whatever, it's, it's not bad. I wasn't believing it as I was saying that. I was like, that's crazy. But dude, You know, I think, but maybe you look at just the concept of epigenetics And what we're doing right now. You look at the statistical probability of DNA evolving based on the age of the planet. You look at these things, and not just that you look at the mythologies of the world, it all points towards some kind of advanced intelligence, bioengineering a planet for some reason or another.


I mean, even like, have you ever had the parable of the sower? You know that Jesus, Jesus said, can you, do you mind pulling that up, Jamie? I I don't have it memorized yet. You parable What? The parable of the sower, when you think of, So how do you say Yes? How do you spell So sower. S-O-W-E-R. Oh, Like a sow, like sowing things? No, like planting seeds. S so sower of seeds, right? Planter. The parable is W Dirt. But when you think about this, generally, this is the idea of like, there's people who are gonna like, understand Jesus' God. But if you look at it as an extraterrestrial intelligence, planting seeds on planets versus it becomes this like crazy. Whoa. The sower is the, yeah.


The pair of the soer. Whoa. The seeing. They do not see though hearing. They do not hear or understand. And then where is it? Oh, yeah. Got, and he told, a farmer went out to sow his seed as he was scattering the seed. Some fell along the path and the birds ate it up. Some fell on rocky places where it did have not have much soil. It spring up quickly because the soil was shallow. But when the sun came up, the plants were scorched and they withered because they had no root. Other seed fell among thorns, which grew up and choked the plants. Still other seed fell on good soil where it produced a crop 160 or 30 times. What was sewn? Whoever has ears let them hear, whoa.


Listen To this. The disciples came to him and asked, why do you speak to the people in parables? He replied, because the knowledge of the secrets of the kingdom of heaven has been given to you, but not to them. Whoever ha whoever has, will be given more and they will have an abundance. Whoever does not have even what they have will be taken from them. This is why I speak to them in parables. I'd be like, bro, what the fuck did you say? Can you break that down? If I had that guy on the podcast, if I had God on the podcast, I'm like, okay, do you have friends? Okay. When you talk to friends, like, do you should, when you say like, complicated things, you should make 'em make sense.


So I know you're smart. You made the whole universe. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm not being disrespectful, sir, but what did you just say? Well, Let me answer it. Why do you para why in a parable? You see, imagine a flower growing from stone. Sometimes the stone is angry at the flower, but sometimes the stone glows with light. This is why. Mm. Is it because we teach kids that way? Kind of. We kind of teach kids almost in parables. Well, we teach kids like a simplistic form of everything. Well, I think it's an acknowledgement of a kind of spectrum of intelligence. Right? It's like, right. The idea is like, let me give you a, a little data fractal here.


That's why it's so rude when someone talks down to you, Oh, the Worst. When someone's like, I don't know if you know. Oh, but let me explain to you, oh, Please. What's wrong With the way you're thinking? I can't wait to hear. It's the grossest way to talk to people, ever. It is the, it's, it's an absolutely a sign of low intelligence. If you're so idiotic that you think, And You're being mean Conde. Yeah. But how do you Think you feel? But you're, you're deciding to be mean about a, a point of discussion. That's right. That's what it is. You're deciding to be mean. Instead of saying, I I have a lot of knowledge about this. If we could, if I could tell you what I know, like this is why I believe what you're saying is not true.


Yeah. Because I actually have a PhD in this and this is how we know this and this is how we know that. Right. And then, and then you go, oh, that's essentially what Eric Weinstein did to Terrence Howard. Right. So when Terrence Howard was on the podcast, there was a lot of things that you're saying that were true and really fascinating. Very interesting. He's a very brilliant guy. Yeah. Eric Weinstein is a legitimate PhD in mathematics. Right. And he's super fucking crazy, scary smart. And he was, and he said to him, he said, look, I'm not giving you peer review. He goes, I'm not a peer. You're not my peer. He goes, I'm an expert. I'm giving you an expert review. And I'm saying, you have a lot of like really interesting ideas. Just stop teaching people Stop, stop tea. It's offensive to the people that actually do this for a living. That's all it is. It doesn't, you are like us.


And this is what he said of him. He said, he's one of us. He just went down a different path. That's right. But he's a brilliant guy who has a, a, a strong desire to understand the universe. Yeah. Strong desire to understand things, but he's not, you have to go down the path of peers. You have to go down the path of, you gotta be with all these other legitimate people to bounce these ideas about. And the only way you're really gonna get in, if you, you have to find some online community of legitimate people that accept you. You have to be invited into something or you have to fucking attend a university like All the other ones did. That's right. That's, that's how you find out. Especially when it comes to shit like mathematics. Boy, you know, when you're talking about like, things like physics. Yeah. Like, boy, you need, you need that's, these are cold, hard fact-based Yeah.


Disciplines. Yeah. Like you need to be around the people that are the cream of the crop of that. That's it. Yeah. That's right. Man. And, and, and that I watch some of that and I loved it because Well, that's what compassion looks like. You got to see also that Terrance is a good guy. Yeah, exactly. He didn't get upset. He didn't get angry. Yeah. It wasn't designed to humiliate. He handled really, it wasn't at all. And it was also an acknowledgement that a lot of his ideas were really fucking good. That people ideas really fucking good, dude. The other thing that he has that he invented, that's cool. You've seen that linchpin thing that he invented. I saw something like that Part. It's a modular drone technology. Yeah. That can like be used for construction and fucking moving giant girders and shit.


Shit. Creates a vortex or something. Well, they all link together. It's like a geometric pattern. But the nerdiest of nerdy things was Weinstein calling him out on the degree of the angle of one of the like fucking calculations that he made. I don't even remember exactly what it was. He goes, you had to cheat that. Right, right. And he is like, yeah, I did, I did that to make it work. And he's like, ha, That's, And they were like fucking with each other. 'cause he understood why there would be something problematic about linking all these specific geometric patterns. And then he had to make some slight adjustment to make 'em link up perfectly. I love that. This super nerd talk Inside baseball comedians do it too. Like when we're like breaking down a joke and like the, like the, to a to a minute pause or something.


Yeah. It's the same thing. But yeah, man, I mean, this, this was, this is what I love. When you read about the history of science, you read about like, famous physicists getting in real, like intense fights with each other. And you see that the process of discovering the truth does involve a kind of mutual curiosity. But not being afraid to say, this is fucking wrong, but allowing the other person to fire back. Because you both know that via this conflict, potentially you discover something new. And that, that was the attitude. I mean, like this whole thing where suddenly normal people aren't supposed to engage in science is really fucked up.


When you look at like, the history of science, which used to be maniacs like Newton, who they analyzed his hair, mercury in his fucking hair, Bro. Everything had poisoned it back then. Well, No, but he was experimenting with Mercury. He was interested. He's like building scale replicas of the temple of Solomon. You know, like you, you look at that and you see that now Newton today, You know, somebody like Don Li would be like, oh, really? So you can believe Isaac fucking Newton with mercury in his hair and his little dollhouse like the temple of Solomon. Oh yeah. He's, he's a real scientist. That's not what they look like.


It's like these people were outta their fucking minds. Sigmund Freud just injecting fucking liquid cocaine into his veins. You look at like, the history Freaking out about his mom Freaking out about his mom fucking shoving cigars up his ass. I don't think he really did that, but I wouldn't be surprised. I wouldn't be surprised. But you know, you look at the history of what brilliant people who have shifted the culture actually behave like Tesla. Yeah. Fucking Tesla did. Like, I don't know, like didn't, he was in love with his pigeon, in love with the pigeon. Didn't want to like the thought about cast castrating himself because his sex drive was getting in the way of his research. So he is like, I'll just chop my dick off. I think he Did, dude. I think there was a description of him destroying his sexuality.


Yeah, dude. So, so you, you sort of like realized that for whatever reason, the priest class of default reality of which Don Lemon is a high priest, have suddenly created this ridiculous version of scientists, of philosophers, of intellectuals that are domesticated people. Normal fucking people is actually really awful in the sense that all of the like philosophers and scientists out there today who are like, you know, in their filthy fucking apartments who've been staring into a candle for like five hours. They're not thinking like I'm a scientist.


They might be. You don't know. Like, right. The, the, this this, this new, basically like, it appears that the power structures in the world want to create this homogenous version of humanity within which there's all these declawed people who completely align on a few ridiculous facts. Absolutely. And you can make those people very clawed if you bond them together to attack anybody who doesn't stay in line. That's Right. Yeah. That's right. And that is what again, like a coup or you, you get rid of the president. At least You know, it's not the president tyranny where you don't have soldiers in the streets, but a kind of societal pressure.


An an unending pressure trying to push online Bots. TikTok, the reels, the algorithm. Like, dude, have you ever looked at pendulum sync up? But I don't watch TikTok. I don't have TikTok. I know it sucks. 'cause I try to send you some TikTok shit. I won't And you can't look at it. I won't do it. I won't Click on it. But I don't, the the the, they Probably have already infected my phone. Just 'cause you sent me those links. I'm sorry. That's probably in the user agreement. I still send them. We Agree to infect other people's phones every time you send 'em a link. I Keep hoping you'll have like, I, I I try not to. I'm not giving in. Well it's, it is so incredibly hypnotic. Like it is so advanced in what it does, but Not interested. It's really creepy though. 'cause like it's, yeah, it's sinking us.


It's homogenizing people. And that's what I don't like, is like, it's creating this synced up and it's creepy. 'cause like the TikTok dance is actually, if you think about it, it's really a symbol of what it's doing for a lot of other things. Like maybe you're not doing a choreographed dance with your family in front of the Christmas tree to some dumb song. But why is it that everything you say I've read, I've seen written exactly in the same way on Reddit. Why is it that every opinion you have matches not just like, the idea doesn't match, but the way you're verbalizing the idea Ha is is like a sentence that I've heard over and over and over again in different places. That is so spooky to me.


Yeah. And so to, to me like that. And also that it's called TikTok, which in my fucking paranoid universe, I keep thinking is that the TikTok of a metronome that they're talking about, tick, tick, tick, tick. Getting people to dance to a certain cultural BPM. Jamie, I'm gonna send you something, I'm not sure if it's true. So I want you to find out if it's true. And it was, someone was saying that there's a whole series of, or I saved it on Twitter. It's a link on Twitter. That's what it's, there's a whole series of people who are claiming to be doctors saying the exact same thing. I saw that. I know what you're talking about. Is that real though? I don't know. The problem with those things is like, people bullshit.


And when people bull, here it is. I'll send it to you, Jamie. When people bullshit, it's really hard to tell, you know, because yeah, if you change this And you know, create this in Photoshop and then people start spreading it, then all of a sudden that narrative gets out. And most people don't ever hear, oh no, no, no. Somebody made that in Photoshop. Right? So by the time it gets around, it's like, I don't know. I don't know if it's true or not. Right. These are one of those. So it's like, if, if that's true, and if all these doctors were tweeting out the exact same verbiage. Exactly. I wonder if that's a mandate. I wonder if they're sent something like a mass email, mass email that says, copy and paste this perhaps Discord server.


Or I wonder if they're fake doctors or I wonder, you know, if it's like some bot program designed to encourage people to go get vaccinated or whatever it was. I just don't know if it was real. So I don't want to like, I want Dr. Jamie to look at it real quick. Thank you Jamie. Jamie's Super skeptical to the point of being a liberal. Oh, Why that? Why does that, what means, why does that have to, why is that the end result? He's Triggered. He's Triggered. That narrative gets around and people I know, I know. Jamie's not a liberal folks. Yes. Jamie's very down the middle. Hey, Jamie's not a liberal. Say you're, you're a centrist. Is that correct? Sure. Yeah, I think so. Right. This is weird. I'm just looking at the account. I don't, I'm trying to figure out a way to, to research it.


I might have to like Twitter's or Google search the image. But See if the thing has been community noted. I do see one different, here's what difference I'm noticing just looking at it that the third Different font, Well, the third thing that they're saying is a little different. 'cause it's starting to be a joke. SMA is a joke. It's something that's stuck. My like stuck my nuts. Oh really? Yeah. LMA nuts. Sl Lima's. Another one. Hilarious. So like, that's hilarious. It's already, That's a brilliant, Oh, that's very funny. It's Already in troll space, but, Okay, so it does mean, oh, so it could be that a bunch of people just decided to retweet it for funsies. I It, some of them are response. Well why don't you go to their accounts? Look, look up any news account. Well, I was gonna, that's what I was gonna do next. Or it could have been one of those things where someone got caught.


Do you remember when there was this like, misinformation video that got out? There was all these local news anchors giving the same exact exact Yeah. That was crazy. Exact speech in verbatim. Yeah. In tune in time. Yeah. It's really weird play that Jamie. Do you know where that, how that happens? Yeah. They get given some, you just get The same script. Yeah. It's like local news stuff. It's like, I mean, it usually happens with Sinclair Media. Right? But it's about misinformation. Oh yeah. Right. And it's weird. It's weird because they're basically protecting their job. Sure. So what it is, they, they've been caught stealing money, you know, they got a big fucking pot of gold then. You know, and the people are at the door are like, I heard you got gold in there. Yeah. What you're hearing is misinformation.


Misinformation. It's all misinformation. Yeah. We are the number one source of news. And we're dedicated to give you the true. It's they all objective, They're all reciting the same script. Right? Is it, what company is it that makes 'em Media Sinclair. So they make 'em, let's just play it though. 'cause it's so crazy that these people are the people that are in charge of giving you the news and they're reading off this thing pretending that this is the, these are their thoughts. This is what's bizarre about that. Where it's untenable. 'cause people know that those are not their thoughts. They know they're reading off a script. Right. Everybody knows it. So it doesn't work. You're just making noise with your mouth and people are still on Twitter.


Well, They did. You Know what I mean? Yeah. They're still, they're still like reading what's actually going on versus what you're saying. Also, You know, you know, they, the idea is you get these people to dress up like humans and then just get 'em to like in a, in a, in tone, whatever the fucking thing is. You want 'em to read. Yeah. And we think they're one of us. And so we believe them. Jamie, did I send you the thing where the girl is, excuse me. The woman is giving Thank you. A a press conference on the UAPs and the drones. And she's saying we don't know what they are. They're not ours. And they're not an adversaries. That's I think the, I think I tweeted, I sent it to you. Right. Text message. That's the one where she's wearing UFO necklace message. You'll see she's wearing a UO necklace. She's a kook. Is she a kook?


Who is, who is this lady? I Don't know who she's, is this Like a legit press conference? All I know is she's in front of a podium. So I trust her. That's what I go by. It's A podium. But You can get All the way the fuck up there and nobody tackles. You know, you must be telling the truth. You gotta be legit. Yeah. You're at the podium. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. It's, you're at the Sacred Scrolls. There's a flag behind you. I'm gonna buy a aria, a Torah. You ever see the Torah? It's like in a or the Talmud. It's Be long scroll. You can just buy, you're gonna buy the actual scroll. Oh, get someone to write it for You. That's a terrible responsibility for him. 'cause you have to like treat it really carefully. Oh, you have to put it in a vault. They Have dudes. They, no, he's gonna keep it in his living room and jerk off on it. Did he say that? No. No he won't. I said that. I promise you he Still believes He's not gonna jerk off on the tour.


I promise you. Alud. He's gonna put it. Oh, Talmud the Torah. He won't jerk off on. Dude. How about this one? Jamie, can you find, you remember that lady they hired for the Ministry of Infor? It wasn't called that, but it was Like a Yeah, yeah. Ministry of Disinformation. Okay. Can you find the ministry of disinformation lady singing? Supercalifragilistic. Expl? Yeah. You've seen that? Yeah, I've seen Of course you've Seen that. Yeah. That was crazy. Crazy. Cindy Orwell, I think her name is Cindy Orwell. That's on her name. I just made that up. Oh, I'll be awesome. She's like, she's like such a loon and this idea that this person's gonna be in charge of what's legitimate and not, there's too many things.


And this is what people are realizing. There's too many things that they told us were not legitimate just three years ago that are 100% fact now. And everybody knows that. And this is this latest, what is the house committee thing on when with Covid and the Wuhan lab leak And this lady, This is the craziest shit I've ever seen. Nina Jankovic Congress, mainstream disinformation origins are slightly less atrocious. Can you imagine? It's how you hide a little lie. It's how you hide a little lie. It's how You hide a little. They think we're idiots. Rudy Giuliani shared that from Ukraine. Or when TikTok influences say Covid can cause pain.


Their laundering dis for when we really should take note and not support their, It's kind of catchy. I mean, she's beautiful. Isn't This what Anna Maniacs Did for mainstream? This is real Nation's Origin seems likely less atrocious. This Feels like Anna maniacs to me. You guys might Be too for that. No, I think it's really her. No, no. I mean, But that they would give information out in songs like that song form and it would be informational. But if you Weren't paying attention. But this was like something that she released when they were talking about her being the ministry of the head of the I know. I'm just saying it's this information. But how about I Think it's honestly just her trying to go viral with a video about this thing that she's doing.


That's what it's, and that's the, it's a good way to go viral. I mean, we just talked about it. I mean, people share it, even if it's preposterous. It's a good way to get attention to this thing that you're about to do and why It's, it's fine if, if the United States isn't literally trillions of dollars in debt and partially because people like that are getting hired to sing fucking Mary Poppins shit songs about misinformation, then it's an atrocity. She should get Nancy Pelosi money. Dude. She should Get, I mean, look, Nancy Pelosi deserves Every penny bathtub full of diamonds. Money Bathtub full of diamonds. Just, Just crystal and diamonds in the bathtub. Just waddle around it.


And just hang in there until that fucking genetic engineering comes. You can be young again with those. What was it she said? Joe Biden should be on Mount Rushmore. Yeah. Good call dude. Good call. He's, he's definitely not gonna send you in jail. That guy is, oh, this is what I wanted to talk to you about. Pardons. I'm not opposed to the idea of being pardoned. Yeah. 'cause I think that there's like, governors can find out that someone legitimately got railroaded. Sure. And they, they can pardon someone. Yeah. I like that. I like that. I like that the president can pardon some people like, I wish they pardoned Ed. Ed Snowden. Yeah. You know, You know there's a bunch of Julian Assange. They should have pardoned Julian Assange. I wish there was, you know, a way to stop someone from pardoning 8,000 fucking people.


And some of 'em are like murderers. Some of them are the kids. The kids for cash judge Kids for cash. One of 'em, or one of the people, we talked about this the other day. He's one of the people. He had two years left in a sentence. But still like, it's the principle of the thing. How many lives were destroyed by that kids for cast thing? Were you, how many, how many dehumanizing decisions were made? Right? Where you decided to lock young people up in detention centers where they would get raped and beaten up and tortured and separated from their family and sent down a horrible road of distrust of law enforcement and of authority and everything else. Everything else, you're, you're basically setting them up for a life of being a fucking loser.


Unless they have the strongest of wills and they could figure out a way to stay positive and get through it and then use that to fuel whatever the fuck they do. That's so rare, man. Those people are so rare. Well, here's the problem, man. I mean, the problem is, well, number one, I think, okay, like you pull someone over, you breathalyze them, they're driving drunk, right? So you're like, you can't drive now because you're drunk. So also you wouldn't say to them, I'm gonna give you the ability to pardon as many people as you want for any crime that you want. Right. So if somebody has dementia, right.


Why could they do All the pardons? It's kinda weird. That's so crazy. It's Crazy. That's such a great point that I never even thought Of. Yeah. Wait, so why Would you still give him that power? Well, the other thing that's really fucking crazy about it is, I don't know what we, the president makes a year, but it's not enough money. We barely pay the president anything. So I think It's like $400,000, $400,000 a year. So you can't say that's barely enough. That's Barely anything. I know. I mean, for the actual job. I mean literally every day you're shitting blood because no matter what you do, you say the wrong thing, 5,000 people accidentally die. Right. It's the most stressful job on earth. I'm saying the actual thing theoretically in my mind. So I would say, you know, in the way that we pay our football players a shit ton of money.


Baseball players a shit ton of money. Yes. The dude theoretically keeping our country from getting nuke should make a lot of money. Why not? If, How about this? How about we pay 'em more? But they can't do speeches. No speeches afterwards, are they? No. No paid speeches when you leave. You can write books. You can write books. But none of those paid bank speeches Do None of those $500,000 Speeches. That's so to me it's like on your way out, you sell pardons on your way out, you via some god knows what mechanism that's probably been in place for a long time. Right. People are able to give you this or that and you pardon that person. Yeah. That's where it's fucked up is like, dude, Come on bro.


Like Come on man. That's trading. That's how it works. That's how it works. I'll Give you a little of this. You gimme a little of that and we do it right in front of the world. And dude, we're gonna let out murderers. And then especially if you got co. So especially you got Coud, you got humiliated. They didn't give you your drugs. Why isn't he letting out Joe? Exotic. It's insane. Let him out. Why not let Him out? You're gonna do kids for cash. You're not gonna do Joe fucking exotic. Yeah. And how is Joe exotic DMing me? How is this happening? I think he, because he knows how is he in jail? Cause you will say things like this a Phone. Does he have a phone jail? Dude, I feel like, are You allowed to have a phone in jail? Can you have a Twitter account? Joe, I feel like right now, because of you are like you aiding Trump and getting elected.


I, and I don't think you're the kind of person to do this, but I do feel like you could probably call in like at least one favor, Get Joe exotic out. Dude, why not for all of us. Get Him Ru Rus alberg first. Okay, sure. Yeah. I mean I'm obviously, there's probably some people I think Trump committed to doing that. To releasing. Really? Yeah. Well I mean that, does That find out if that's true, Jamie? I believe it is. I believe he was. It was at one of those Bitcoin fucking things that he did. Oh yeah. He said that in the, it was Dan or Dave said that the libertarian thing. He said, yes, that's right. Libertarian. I said Libertarian and Bitcoin are the same fucking category in my brain when I'm barely tuned in. It's All the same.


It's like NFT Libertarian Bitcoin. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever. Yeah, I'm a libertarian. Like sure. It's on in paper. It's a great idea. It's not, it's not a real Party. I'm a sovereign citizen. I'm a sovereign citizen too. Really? Ah, yeah. It's great. But I'm not of this planet. Where are you from? The eighties? I'm from everywhere. I'm from everywhere, man. I'm Johnny Cash. Dude. That's a lot Of place everywhere man. I've been what a great song. What a great song. What a great fucking song. Johnny Cash was the fucking fucking man. The was Oh My God Was the fucking Man. That's an incarnation. I would pick like if we get to like, if there's a VHS library of incarnations, there's a long line to God. Be Johnny Cash. I'm picking Johnny Cash. Oh my God. Top 10 probably.


You imagine being Johnny Cash when you played at Folsom Prison. Folsom Prison Blues. It's the most incredible thing He played at the prison. It's incredible. Paul Rodriguez did a comedy special at a prison Brave like way back in the day. I forget when it was, but I remember, I believe it was an HBO special and he did it live from a prison, which is fucking buck wild. So badass Buck wild. I mean I, if you were gonna do that, you would have to work. You know who could do that? Joey Diaz? 100% easily. 100%. He would murder in the prison. Yeah. Yeah. You know, metaphorically. I mean if there was a simulator, and this is again like, is This Paul God, Quentin behind bars live in San Quentin in 1991.


Damn respect of Paul Rodriguez. I don't even know if it worked. Do they laughing? It looks like they're laughing. Looks like they're having a good time. They have to. That's crazy. No, they don't have to. I'm joking. I'm sure they don't Rush him. Who's, how's the guards gonna stop by the time they beat him to death. I mean, 50 dudes just rush 'em. Seriously. You're thinking about that before you go on stage. Like you, They like Paul Rodriguez. I mean, you know, but yeah. Do they all, how do you know? Funny guy, it's San Quentin. He was Popular at the time. Like he was still popular, but he was like very, very popular at the time. There's a guy probably in the audience who like wore his daughters in trails as a necklace.


You know what I mean? Like I'm sure his neighbors. Yeah, right. Fucked his dog. It's badass. That's a badass move, man. Crazy move. That's a badass move. I mean, dude, when you think about All the shit that we're talking about, and really when you sort of look at like, just among our group of friends, the insane events of the last few months. Tony Hinchcliffe was misquoted by Obama. I mean There was a speaker at the Trump rally who said, Puerto Rico's a pile of garbage. Those are human beings, Dude. I mean, no, Nobody's age harder than that dude. Well, he's withered, bro. But those are like, these are vampire years.


These isn't like you got bit by a leach. Like you got a parasite. Yeah. With ears Reading the neon or something. He's, He's, yeah. Right, right, right. You have the arc of covenant in your bedroom. Yeah. Like you're cooking, you're Cooking and Something you're aging. Like you look, you age 50 fucking years. You look a really good looking 70-year-old. There's something weird. I mean, just think about like what that's like to be the pressure, the star, the pre, you know, you're con I'm saying as far as power goes, I think power must be so addictive. And so you're the fucking president, not just the president. You're like this kind of rockstar president for a second. Yeah. One of the greatest presidents of all time. Of All the size of time. And so you lose that power.


And now what? You know what I mean? Now what? And then you try desperately to like grab control the thing and you can't, it didn't work. So essentially whatever, like PR or or energy you've been extracting from having that kind of power. It's gone. It's Gone. Now you have the nice house, but like really like what's left you are at the fucking control board for, for like America and now nothing. You wither. Yeah. You deflate you like no Purpose. No purpose. I Think we're gonna be able to read minds in five years and all this is gonna be a moot point. Well, no, for sure. I think it's gonna be all go out the window. I think quantum computing is gonna crush encryption.


Yep. We're gonna have a real problem with currency worldwide. We're gonna have to figure out how to redistribute resources without conventional capitalism. There's gonna be some weird new shifting that's gonna come along with the birth of this AI that's way more intelligent than us. And everything's gonna get super fucking weird and we're not ready for it. And we think that we, oh, we have to be ready for it. It's not gonna happen like that. 'cause I'm not ready for it. No one's ready for it. No, it couldn't happen. Just like a super volcano. Just like an asteroid impact. It can happen and you're not ready for it. That's right. And a lot of us might not make it. That's Dude. Okay. This as far as like a GI goes it like when Altman came out and said this year I don't, the the someone, the CEO from the company, I think they made clo, I don't know, one of the other AI said two years from now, I think.


But the idea is if if, if Biden came out and was like, guys got some news. We've detected a mothership. It's coming to the planet in a year. We don't understand anything about who they are other than they must have extraordinary technology based on what we've seen of their ship. I'm good. The whole planet the next few years would just be getting ready. NASA, anthropologists, philosophers, scientists, defense people. What do we do if they wanna fuck us up? What, what, what do we do? How do you interact with aliens? Right? But having these tech people say we are about to have a brand new species, essentially a technological species an a GI is coming to the planet that will surpass us as, as far as being able to solve problems.


We will know everything. It's gonna be here about a year, maybe two years. You would think the reaction to that would be, okay, we've gotta get ready for this. What does that mean? What's gonna happen? And, and We can't get ready. Maybe that's what this scramble is all about, that we just have to fucking die screaming. Merry Christmas Ho ho. Maybe it can't be solved. Just like Australia. Pentheus couldn't figure out how to make a plane. It's it, we're not prepared for it. And we're not supposed to last. We're supposed to carry on to the next thing and the next thing will still be us. That's what's gonna be weird. The next thing is gonna still be us. We just want us to stay us like this. We want, you know, fucking blue songs and we wanna drink whiskey.


Sure. We wanna smoke cigarettes. We wanna like get in fistfights. Yes. We wanna we want us to stay us. Well I'm, it's, you know, it's not going to happen. I'm sure if you could travel back in time and there was an intelligent, semi-intelligent version of humanity, one of our ancestors who still had a a workable tale. Yeah. And you're like, Hey, I wanna show you what you're gonna grow into. And probably there'd be a lot of things that are excited about Whoa. Cars. Incredible. Jesus Christ. You can shit in your own house. Yeah. Wow. But then they would see that we didn't have tails and they'd be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm not doing that if I lose my tail.


So this is for sure the sort of cultural drama that we're seeing is, and, And you know, the, the trans controversy, there's aspects to it where like, yeah, ab why, why are dude shouldn't be in sports. But the reality is where we're going is going to make that controversy seem like nothing. Not only that. It seems like if you wanted to have an evolutionary path towards a genderless society, wouldn't you have that society if you wanted to tame the wild primate, wouldn't you have that society be completely addicted to plastic?


They use plastic for everything, which is an endocrine disruptor. So you have these plastic and these chemicals that get into the body. Lower testosterone, shrink dicks. Shrink taints. Oh, Dr. Shana Swans. They Shrink taints. Oh yeah, yeah. Shana Swan. Have you ever talked to her? I didn't know the tank could shrink. I You should talk. No, well it's in, it's in utero. So this is what happens. Oh, when you introduce mammals to tha her book is called, I think it's Countdown. Countdown. That's right. I I used to remember it. It's great book. She's she's a really fun too. She's a really fascinating person. Cool. But what they found is with mammals, when you introduce phthalates, which are these plastics like microplastics and the chemicals that come off of them, them into pregnant women or pregnant mice.


The, the babies have smaller taints. And then a taint is one of the best ways to distinguish a male or a female in mammals. No way. And males the taint is 50 to a hundred percent longer. Is it really called the taint? Yes. It's, they don't call it the tain. They have a word for it. She told me. But she calls it the tain 'cause she's fun. Okay. She has a, she has a thing on her, her website called the Jizz quiz. It's very funny. She's very funny and she's, you know, a really distinguished professor. But what she's saying essentially is that these plastics are lowering hormone levels. They are lowering birth rate levels. They're increasing in the amount of miscarriages that women have. So that all these things she believes are completely connected.


And that this hormone disruptor that is on these plastics is causing people to become sicker and a little bit deformed because your hormones aren't expressing themselves correctly. 'cause they're being poisoned. Right. If you were a, a society, like if you were going to get to where the aliens are, they're, they look genderless, don't they? Yeah, sure. Don't you think that's probably us in the future? Aren't You glad they're genderless? Sure. Can you imagine if the grays that big swinging dicks, giant hogs? It would be horrible. Those gray pictures would be very different. Very different. Standing over your bed jacking off in your face. Horrible. Yeah. While you're paralyzed, you're like sitting there like, oh, This Fucking piece of shit.


I think that we are clinging to this idea of male and female. Look, I, I think currently there are male and females for sure. And this is why I'm completely opposed to biological males who have mental illness. And that's what gender dysphoria is. Even if you're being kind, it's a mental illness. Yeah. Whatever it is. I think It's the D smr. You're not well in who you are. You wish you were a different gender. Yeah. I fully support you. That's not what, but you can't compete with biological females. Right. We can't pretend that you're a biological female. 'cause when we want you to feel good, you have massive physical advantages. They've been clearly documented. Anybody who says any differently is full shit. Talk to Riley Gaines. Right. Talk to her. She's the expert in this shit.


She had to go through that shit with swimming. You know, it feels crazy to me. It's cra it is that you have to say that. It's so crazy. It's, it's so crazy that you have to say that to liberals who always wanted to protect women. The whole thing is bonkers. But it just goes to show you it's not real. This idea of left and right is not real. Right. These are just masks that people put on. These are just a conglomeration of opinions that people adopt. They, most people have not thought most of the things through, they don't have the time. They have to work all fucking day. They have a family. Maybe they have a hobby. They're trying to get out and play hoops with their friends. Right. Maybe they get together with their buddies and they wanna play, play video games. Yeah. One night a week. You know, like Jesus Christ.


Right. They don't have fucking time to pay attention to all this crazy shit. And that's what's really going on. Right. Most people are just like deciding that, you know, I am a progressive, I will repeat progressive talking points. I will violently defend a woman's right to choose. Right. And they get into these patterns and then the same thing happens on the right. The exact thing. Same thing thing. Exact same thing. That's why like the right is against the war in Ukraine and the left is supporting it. It's like this is like Vietnam in reverse. The whole thing is fucking bananas. Right. You know, the right is insisting on free speech. They were the motherfuckers that were censoring everybody. Right. I know they Wanted to lock Howard Stern up in jail. I know he had to fight the FC crazy.


They sued him. They, his fucking parent company had to play untold amounts of money. I don't even, how much money did Howard Stern's company get fined? It was hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not billions. Yeah. Yeah. Insane amounts of money. The fucking government was trying to shut down a radio guy for talking shit. I know. It's crazy. So, and now that's the left. It's just patterns, man. It's just patterns where people can justify certain behaviors because it aligns with their ideology. That's right. And also where it gets really fucked up is you are dancing to a song that basically there's like, here's two songs. There's two songs you can dance to the right song or the song of the left.


The, the metronome is beating out two, I guess somewhat different rhythms. People dance to those, they get in fights over. You gotta do our dance. Yeah. Meanwhile, there's a million other songs out there you could be dancing to. Yes. And there's songs that are much older than America. Yes. Much older than, than maybe the planet itself, which is, that's why I I really think it's creepy. The, the, the way that like Christianity or any religion where there's theism, it, it's in the list of things that should be decried by an intelligent person.


We shoot down this notion of God, we shoot down this or that. But all of these religions, at the very least, they give you a new song to dance to that isn't fucking war drums. Right. That is, you know what I mean? And they don't like that. They don't like that because suddenly you're supposed to be perturbed like, you know, that stupid bump. But it's also the arrogance of intellectualism. You know, you get really smart and these idea of these fairytales seem preposterous to you. That's right. And you don't want to accept that maybe what it is, is a moral scaffolding that keeps society glued together. And it's probably based on some truth. There's some of it that seems to be a history of the world. Oh, and also the, the, to most people that I have encountered who have a lot of people I've encountered who are rejecting this religion or that it's, I get it, it's religious trauma.


I just ran into somebody at Best Buy recognized. We had a long conversation, religious trauma. They were raised in some kind of like, form of spiritual abuse. And in that abuse snake Handlers Bingo. And they, but but, but listen, if you wanna handle snakes, great. The problem is if you tell a kid to disregard their rational mind, if in in other words, the introduction to the conversation of questions regarding this or that Yes. Are, are, are, are not met with like, oh yeah, it's a good question. I don't know, but are met with You're going to hell. You're going to hell. You're demon possessed. Right, right, right, right. So then you experience that and Of course you must reject the thing. It's like when you, when you have a hangover and you smell tequila, you can't connect.


Right. So I get it. But the, the, the main thing is what's, what I love about religion or Christianity is it's like, just try it on for size. What happens if you pray? I know you don't believe, and it sounds insane. What the fuck are they talking about? Sounds absolutely nuts. I know it sounds absolutely nuts. Now, what happens if you pray just for a few days? What happens if you pray? And then once you start doing the experiment, it starts off with like, this is just, I'm gonna do it. It's probably bullshit for opium of the masses. But then you realize you're getting pulled in, not in a bad way, but right away there seems to be some feeling of connection, some sense of something a little different than what you're used to experiencing.


And sometimes that can get really scary for people and they're like, fuck this. No, it's getting me. And it's like, to me that that should be the experiment of any anyone who's skeptical. And if you're skeptical about Christianity or any religion, you should be, you should a hundred percent be skeptical of, oh, it's like what Mark Twain said, religion is what happened when the first con man met the me first fool. You, you should be skeptical. But if you read the gospels and you realize like the part of the story, there is an invitation to connect on your own. You don't need the priest class.


Right. You don't have to listen to the fucking rules. You don't have to like, it's just between you and the eternal and see what happens. Right. To me, that's the, that's the number one thing is just investigate, explore. And don't let anyone subvert your rational mind. Use that as a form of connect. Connecting with the thing. Even if you connect via rejection, it's still worth like a wholehearted exploration at the very least to experience a cultural trance. I don't think that's what it is, but, well Maybe what that cultural trance is, is a, this is like, it's a pattern that you can con you can follow that can connect you to the divine.


Sure. And that there's a bunch of these different patterns. This pattern might be Buddhism, this pattern might be Islam, this pattern might be even Mormonism. Sure. Even Scientology. I Definitely Scientology I think. I think all of them, all, all of them them can be distorted. All of them can be subverted. All of them can have those guys that have private jets and Rolls Royces And you know, those fucking crazy arena guys. All of it can. Oh yeah, Of course, Of course. All of it can go in that direction. But all of it is kind of a moral scaffolding that's, it seems to be designed to help us in this journey of getting away from the primate instincts.


That's right. And getting away from, and also Connecting to each other And transcending state propaganda. Like this is the, this is like a, my fa favorite verse in the Bible. They're trying to trick, trick Jesus. They, I don't know. They're asking, imagine Being so cocky. You think you can trick Jesus. I would try. I got it. Maybe. Fuck that dude would be cool if you could. I'm Gonna bring out three card money. We get Him. Imagine, imagine Jesus walking down to New York City and watching him play three card money and getting suckered in. You are like, Hey, I thought you were the fucking, I thought you were the guy. Hey man, that don't, don't do that. He's don't understand. It's not the same card. Oh my god. Jesus Christ. You don't have any more shekel.


You're out of shekels. Is that what they used? Shekel? I guess. What'd they have back then? I don't know. Denarius. What Kind of dollars did they have? What unit of money was around when? Jesus, that's A good question. Super good question. I wish I knew it. It'd be a clever thing to say. Shekels sounds good though. Shekels is a fun name for coins. I don't think shekels, shekels. Was it shekels? I got a, It comes up with A Venetian shekel and a half shekel. Let's fucking go Fucking shackles. Let's fucking go. It's shekel son. There You go. There's the, oh Yeah. So imagine Jesus blew all his shekels on three card Monte. Dude, you'd be like, Jesus, Jesus, we just stick to being the fucking Messiah. What are You doing? Yeah.


Why Are you here again? He gets hustled in a basketball game like Jesus. You're Gonna question everything, Dude. You're not good at basketball and you can't run in those fucking sandals. Are you Doing this? You can turn water into wine. Let's sell fucking Wine. You're losing money in basketball. He plays horse with people he keeps missing. Wow. That would really be weird. Jesus Would have to be really good at badminton. Everything. If he plays badminton, he's gotta win pickleball. He's gonna win. Well, I'm not gonna believe you're Jesus. If you can't wrestle, If you're bad at pinball, If you get pinned, if you get pinned really quick in a wrestling match, like, what the fuck dude? Dude. Yeah. He's gotta be everything. If somebody rear naked chokes Jesus, 30 seconds in a match, like You're doing it and you're like, I, I don't know. He's tapping Out. He doesn't know what the fuck to do. He doesn't know shit. He's a white belt. Why is he in this competition?


He said, Jesus goes to the UF open golf tournament and everybody's like, Jesus fucking sucks at golf. He, he can't even fucking hit the ball. Right. Somebody show him how to hit the ball. He Doesn't know anything. Dana, why, why did you let Jesus compete in the U ffc? Jesus Is playing pickleball, just falling down. Not good at pickleball. I know. And that's that people would be so disappointed in Jesus. Everything the way he walked. Just bold a gutter ball every time you fucking dummy. What are you doing? Farts in the car. Just that you gotta be like, dude, roll the window down. I just, You know, everybody smelled back then. I think farts probably like cleared the air a little. Oh, something interesting to smell some new thing. Instead of these shitty asses.


They smell everywhere. I just read that they used to think smelling farts in a jar would cure diseases. What? It doesn't, How do you save a fart In a jar? Canceled my subscription. How do you mail That? There was some young lady that we, we featured on the podcast at one point in time was making a ton of money. Farting jars. Selling farts. Yeah, selling farts. Dude, That's incredible. I Hope she didn't even fart in those jars. I, I hope those dummies. It Wasn't even that long ago. It says 2014. No smelling farts in a jar does not your disease. It does. Look, you don't Know. You don't know. Read that in 2014 news Headlines. My chiropractor told me that smelling farts was the way to go.


These Claims are based on a University of Exeter press release that was not about smelling farts. Imagine. Have you heard of this? This new medication they're giving cows to make 'em fart less. There You go. During the plague. Oh yeah, yeah. That almost what you said. That's not, that's not far off from what this says. It's just something better to smell. Jar farts the great plague of London. The 16 hundreds was a scary time. The public was willing to just ing stay healthy, including sniffing a jar of their own farts. Back then, doctors were apparently convinced that the plague was spread via deadly air vapor and that a foul smelling substance could dilute the pollution.


As such some locals apparently took to storing their farts and jars just in case the situation suddenly demanded a quick whiff. Honey, Open the fart cabinet. Open the old vintage farts. I'm gonna get them farts from when I was 23. And I had a good gut biome, Dude. Like, That's so hilarious. That is so fucking crazy. I Wanna know how long it lasted because I, for what I understand that you can't really fart in a jar and keep it there. Here's, by the time you seal it up, it's probably sealed up. But so much oxygen. Well, there's only one way to find out. Get Ari Ari, You can Ari a fart in a jar and smell It. That's shit in there and lie to you. He's so gross.


Ari just shits publicly. He's out of his mind. How do you get the fart in the jar? I guess you put the jar up to your as asshole. When you about gotta fart, You think a cap. But then you gotta put get the cap on real Fast, real quick. Like a ninja. Jamie, can You go? You're Gonna a little bit of air in there. I'm looking, You know what I mean? It's like moonshine. It's not a hundred percent alcohol. You Don't, you'd use a tube if you were a pro. Yeah. You would use a tube. A tube going into the jar. You would have like a, a diaper, a big like, like a gas diaper with like completely sealed to your ass. Like a covid mask. And then you would just fart into that tube. Yeah, it's nice. And it would go into that jar and then you'd have a, you'd do it all day long. Right? Fill, there'd be a robot there that would like seal that jar off. So How do you know it's Filled? It's Pure. How do you know when your jar's, what If you gimme a half fart?


I want a real fart. Or just a a The jar only has like a Yeah, a little fart. I want a 3:30 AM Taco bell fart. Dude, that's what I want. I want one of That's gonna cure You farts where you're in the car and you buy Taco Bell and you immediately hate yourself. Here's A study on it. They use, it depends on the container. It's A study on farts the jar. Many of these draft Versus metal containers. Oh my God. It dissipates over days obviously. But who Did this study? Oh my god. Some awesome scientists. Ine and Jack Jia. Why is it called anal? Wait that can can't Be real anal chemistry. No. It's like a No, that's my study. My field of study. You know, chemistry. Just go with that. Oh my god.


Jesus Christ. Literally. I mean you Farting in jars. The sad thing, the sad thing about that article though, 'cause it comes out and so that means there's people who think farts in a jar can cure cancer and that means that somebody was laying in bed dying and someone who loved them came up and said, I know this is gonna seem weird, dad, but I need you to smell this. And like there, there was people dying. But again, this brings us back to the placebo effect Could work Because I think almost everything works. It just doesn't work when your streets are filled with sewer. You know, I think that was what everybody was dying of back then. Right. And did horrible fucking terribly unsanitary conditions everywhere.


Right? Yeah. Everything was covered in shit. Yep. Everything was shit. Shitty water. You're shitting in your Bedroom. You have no running water and you have a bunch of people living together. You have horrible diseases. According To the, their study, one of those jars they found could maybe have the fart from the 17th century. Wow. Ah. Now that's a horror movie right there. Like you find like a 17th century fart. You sniff that fart and then a return into like one of those 28 days later zombies this and then it spreads this. Or a superhero this, this virus has had a chance to adapt and evolve and plan its strategy while trapped inside this jar and get back at the humans. 'cause it doesn't have to die. So it lives in this guy's butt gas and then it evolves over hundreds of years.


Figure out through the multiverse how to communicate with other, other bacteria everywhere and devise a strategy. Yep. To morph itself over thousands and thousands of generations of new viruses to become some crazy rage virus. Just like By the way, man, two Later, which there's a new one coming Out. Maybe. Here's the other thing, maybe that is the fountain of Youth, maybe the thing they're trying to hide from us. The most obvious thing is if you smell an aged fart. You're going reverse age. Yeah, maybe. Snake oil works. There's a science on harvest. How do you harvest it? The best way To harvest under Science, use water.


Oh, Texas. There You go. That's bubbles. Not, not, don't try to catch the fart in air, you Know? Yeah, but you gotta be accurate. Can you, Can you, you gotta be accurate with your Farts, Jamie. Can you YouTube smelling that? But then how Do you close the gap? You gotta slide a lid in there. Water. You might get a little water in your farts. Yeah, that's fine. That's not, no, you don't lose the gas. You cant have farts and the water together. They're separate. They're separate things. Oh. So when you open it, it'll be pure farts, but a little bit of water at the bottom. How do I know that the water isn't diluting and slowly washing the farts over 200 years? That's not how, Jamie, can you scroll up a little bit? Yeah. Fart science in my degree in farts And what was it? Sorry, Can you pull that up again? I just, I find it interesting that someone wrote an entire essay on how to do this.


Will you go back to the beginning? I just wanna read the, how do you introduce the story here? How do you bring this up to a fucking person where you want a 4-year-old, a grant? Yeah. I recently caught my 4-year-old nephew attending a fart into a jar in the hopes of saving it for a waiter to surprise grandma This, this is not the first time I've encountered a little boy with a dream of bottling his own farts. Years ago, my younger cousin, let's call him Jay, had a whole shelf of dated MAs jars in their bar, their barn. He was very proud of his collection. That kid is killing cats. That's a fucking serial killer. He's got a fucking shelf of dated jars of his farts.


What a fucking psychopath. Sha Jeffrey Dahmer. He has nothing better to do than just farting jars. Yeah. I wanted to show you my jar collection. Those are my farts now. That's New Year's Eve And he's torturing animals. That's a fart. When September 11th happened, that is a fear fart. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh, What Duncan, we gotta wrap this up. Unfortunately. What A joy. What a joy. Always. Thanks For having me on. Merry Christmas, bro. I feel like we can just do another eight hours in a row. Easily, easily, easily, easily. I didn't even have to pee once. I know. It's crazy. I like me either. I don't know what happened. Usually you have to piss like four times for this. I Know. We were locked in. I appreciate you very much, brother.


Likewise love. I love you to death. You're one of my favorite people. You really are. You are too, man. You're a real treasure. Thank you, Joe. And these are some of my favorite podcasts of all time. Thanks, man. Man, this is a weird combination of the two of us. I love It. We sing up in the weirdest way, man. It's the best man. It is. That's it, man. I love you. Merry Christmas. Love you too, all Christian. Merry Christmas. Bye everybody. Bye.