
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. What's going on, my man? Joe, is that Bigfoot on your shirt? It says That is it Is Bigfoot Non-vegan? Yeah. How do they know? Bigfoot's not a vegan. See, I don't know. I mean, but I think he's got canines like us, so there's a good chance that he does eat meat. You know, I think hunters are the number one argument against Bigfoot being real. I've never met a hunter. I who's seen Bigfoot. No. And his amount, especially some of your guests you've had on and on top of, I mean, even myself. And now you spent a lot of times in some pretty desolate places.


Yeah. And All the trail cameras, we should have gotten one picture. Yeah. Trail cameras. Throw a big monkey wrench into that Bigfoot thing. I agree. And I, and I, and I'm always, it's still, you know, the conspiracy that I'm still, every time I check, especially when you get in those deep dark places out west and all throughout the country and even the south, I'm thinking maybe just this time It would be fun. Yay. It would be fun. But it's just, it's very unlikely. I mean, they, there's only like two Jaguars in the United States, and they know exactly where they are. Well, that's exactly right. Yeah. I mean, I was thinking back and even listening, you know, like you've had Ella Of course Cam a lot of, a lot of my hunting buddies and people I look up to as well, Remy Warren, all those guys. And you start thinking about the amount of time we spend in the woods and we don't even see a mountain lion.


Right. Or we talk about the wolves. They're all, these wolves are starting to be reintroducing. You still don't see 'em. A lot of times they're there, but then again, you capture 'em on trail cameras. Right. You know, in the middle of the night. But yet Yeti or sas Sasquatch, only Jack Links beef jerk has seen him and I, I saw 'em on the Super Bowl commercial. Yeah. They're, they're in a lot of commercials. They're in movies. I think they used to be real. I think it used to be a real thing. I mean, they know there's a thing called the Gigantopithecus that lived somewhere around a hundred thousand years ago that was a bipedal hoed that was eight to 10 feet tall. Holy cow. Look in the Orangutan family. I think they believe it was, I, That'd be something to get Graham Hancock on. We need to get him back. Yeah. To find that, that creature.


He is, he is busy. He's busy with a lot of other shit. You know, it's like just trying to sort out the past, trying to sort out human history. That was some of the most intriguing, I I was dug deep into that and then went, because of hearing him on the podcast and went and watched, just finished season two. Watched season one soon after I'd seen him here first. It's pretty compelling. It's pretty amazingly compelling. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and once you realize, first of all, that there's real physical evidence that something happened around 11,800 years ago. Right. That the earth was most likely pounded with asteroid debris. Yeah. And it probably fucks civilization out pretty bad.


And it can happen again. Makes complete sense. Yeah. You know, it, it, it's, I mean, hearing his perspective on it and how he researched it, and it's, it's from the standpoint there's, you know, as we know, politics and everything gets involved in everything, you know, and, and it's just almost like he was a, a journalistic, really smart intellectual guy who was intrigued. And it's just a good approach to way he studied it to me that made it even more compelling. And then the findings he did find, I don't know. I just, I was very intrigued by that. You know how he really got into it? No. Huh? He got into it researching the arc of the covenant. Really? Yeah. Because in Ethiopia, there's a specific church in Ethiopia that has always been rumored to be the place where the arc of the covenant is stored.


And there's these guarders of this, these people that are guards of this area, and they all develop cataracts. They all have like radiation poisoning, and they're guarding this one particular area. They won't let anybody look at it. They won't let anybody talk about it. And Graham got fascinated by this. And they started doing a Deepak dive into history and historical accounts of the, the covenant and these, the arc and all these bizarre stories that have lasted throughout history. And the real evidence that there was really sophisticated societies that lived thousands and thousands of years ago when we kind of assumed that people were hunters and gatherers. You know, you know, Egypt is a great example of that.


Like, whatever they were doing there, it was fucking insane. Right. I mean, the structures that they made still today, we look at 'em and we go, what the hell were you guys doing? Like Yeah. How was this made? Yeah. And he believes that society had reached a very, very sophisticated level of technological achievement. And then something happened and that we're, we're living in like a rebuild. Even though we're very sophisticated, you know, in terms of technology, our technology's gone in a completely different direction than theirs did. And where did, did Graham ever, in his conclusion in some of that about the Covenant, did he ever think that it's still there? They think it's still there. Yeah. So some people thought it might have burned up in Jerusalem, I think it was or something.


See if You can find what, yeah. Where that is, Jamie. It's supposed to be in some church in E Oh, Jamie's already got it. So I, I just had watched something on that. 'cause I'm intrigued by all that kind of stuff. Well, You know, when you really start digging deep into it, it's very fascinating. This one particular place has been protected for so long, and all these people that have supposedly seen it describe something that's, you know, Trump apparently has like a model of the arc of the covenant and Mar-a-Lago. No way. Yeah. See if you can find that. Yeah, he is, he is got like, so he's got a recreation of the arc of the covenant in, In Mar-a-Lago. And Yeah. And that whole covenant was pretty cool based on how, you know, God had said, look, it, you know, had an interv saying this is how big it's gotta be.


Yeah. And it was built out of a certain wood inside and out gold, the handles everything was there to hold the commandments. And then I, I, but then, but then I saw something to where, I dunno if Jamie, Jamie and Mike could probably pull it up, but I, to where some people speculate it could be under the Catholic church. I heard that. Like in The Vatican or something. In the Vatican. Yeah. Yeah. And then, and then they Got a lot of shit in the Vatican. Oh my goodness. Have you ever been there? No, I haven't. But I heard you talk about you went Yeah. And had the guide and said it was amazing. It's Incredible. They have so much, they have billions of dollars in art. Like, where'd you guys steal all this from Back in the Roman days? Look at this. This is Trump's replica, the Ark of the Covenant at Mar-a-Lago.


Pretty, That's just like, Pretty fucking wild. And it's almost exactly the, yeah. The replica of what it's assumed to have been looked like, you know? Well, I mean it's, I I think that's a recreation based on biblical accounts. Absolutely. Very strange. Well, maybe Trump can take us and show it to us, man. That'd be cool. Would you say, Jamie? I was trying to figure out if, I mean, clearly it was there. It might've just been there temporarily. It looks like that


This episode is brought to you by Paramount. Plus your next family crime saga obsession is coming this march to Paramount plus Mob Land and explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Mirren go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land Now streaming on Paramount Plus,


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's All the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


Might be like on display in Israel or Something. I don't know. So it's a replica that that travels around. Is that what it is? Temporarily? Is that Mar-a-Lago? I can't find like that. It lives there, but there's definitely obviously people with pictures of it. Bro, if I had Trump money, I'd have one built. Like make me another words. Oh, why not? Come on. I would too. I would Too. It's a cool thing to have on display. I mean, I wonder what it was. I mean, if these, if these guys really are guarding it in Ethiopia, like what is the radiation from, like why, why do they all get developing cataracts and radiation sickness. Yeah. And we've all watched Harrison Ford try to find it. Exactly. Exactly. It's all, it's so fun. It is fun. It's cool. All that ancient civilization stuff is so fun because it is really kind of a mystery, You know?


And it's, it's fascinating when, and I'm I'm sure you've been hunting before and you found our arrowhead. Yes. A lot. When You find one of those, you're picking up this piece of history. You gotta imagine some Native American was napping this flint on his knee sitting there, who knows how many thousands of years ago. Exactly. They find 3000, 4,000 year old arrowheads. And you just gotta go. God. What was life like then? Man? Oh, I can only imagine. I, and, and like where I'm from in Georgia, and obviously you and I both love archery, but All the arrowheads I find are, are quartz. So we have very little flint. And I'm not at all historically sound on understanding everything.


I mean, I got friends actually, Jeff Foxworthy is, is one of those guys. He lives right down the road. He is obsessed with Indian artifacts and has an amazing collection. Like it goes across the country. You know, it's hard. You can call Jeff right now. You probably can't get him to Austin to come do this podcast. But then all you gotta do is tell 'em, Hey man, I just plowed up a field and it rained and we just found two nice flint heads. He'd probably be here tomorrow. I mean, really. I mean, he loves it. He's eat up with It. This a dude I know has a ranch out here and he finds 'em All the time. It's Comanche territory where his ranch is in the hill country. Oh yeah. And he, every day go to that guy's page. Whitworth, JW Whitworth, JM Whitworth, JW Whitworth, I think it's jw. But he's got incredible arrowheads that he, he's like just obsessed with finding them on this ranch.


And this ranch apparently was just overrun by the Comanche. It's very fertile and rich And you know, soils great and a lot of, you know, water habitat. Yeah. A lot of deer. And so they must have just camped there and lived there for a long time. It's jm but it's also private. Oh it is. Here's j Oh, he is private now. Yeah, that's probably 'cause we blew him up. I think that's what he went private, because he didn't used to be private. But that's some of the things that he finds. See that's be, that's amazingly beautiful stuff. He sent me a couple of them There. There's a company I found, actually I was in Illinois at this of All the, it was a beer and deer fest in Illinois. And I went by this booth. See that is absolutely Gorgeous.


Yeah. Remy said that that was probably used for fishing Very well. Could have Been. Cause it wasn 'cause it's so large. You said it's probably used to, to shoot fish. It, it, it seems, it seems that a lot of the, the arrowheads are, You know, the ones that was actually attached to shoot with archery were a lot smaller. Like, you know, some people might argue that I, I don't know enough about it. It's like, is it a spearhead? I, I found some heads like, look at this. I found like, well that's a spearhead or that's this or that. Right. Or you find somebody like Remy or I got a friend named Ike Rainey who's really big into artifacts. And if you find something what you think it is, it's kinda like the first time I hunted in Africa, I thought I'd shot a spring buck or a di I thought I'd shot a dyke dyker. And it turned out it was a spring buck. 'cause like, oh, okay. There's only 7,000 species of animals out here.


So I think arrowhead are the same way. It's, it's, it's amazing. But to think you're right, I mean, think of somebody sat down thousands and thousands of years and napped that out and how many times did they not get it right. You can say that's perfect. Yeah. They probably had to do a lot of them that a lot of them probably broke off wrong. Oh yeah. I mean it's probably not a very good success rate, especially when you're working with Flint. Yeah. And you're just chipping away at it. But when they get good at it, it's such an art. Yeah. Like when you pick one up, like a real flint Arrowhead guy. So there's a lot of guys that make 'em now though, unfortunately. So there's a lot of forgeries. Correct. Yeah. Correct. Just a lot of nerds, a lot of archery nerds. Yeah. They get real good at it and then just leave them scattered around places or pretend they found it.


Exactly. You know, You could do that just almost, yeah, you totally Could do that. But that, that's a legit one that was actually pulled out of The ground. It, it makes me less wine when, when, you know, like if you're out in Utah and you have success in elk woods and you're butchering an elk and trying to get 'em packed out when you're just having to res sharpen your knife, like this is the least I can do is res sharpen this knife. Right. Remember these guys had to nap out ahead. I mean, how long did that take? Just to go hunt an elk, you know? So yeah, they lived For thousands of years with no metal. Oh, I know it. I tell you something that's interesting. We hunted a place in Montana where we, it was, it was on the Milk river and they had what they called a buffalo drop on this property. Oh, wow. And, and so if you went to where this buffalo drop was, you could go to the base of it and you could find there's not, there wasn't any much left.


Now we used to hunt back in the day, mostly in the, I hadn't been since 2000. I think it was seven or 2010 was the last time I had went out there. But at the base of that, you, you could find all kind of bones, you know, bison bones, you know, You know buffalo and stuff. But you would sometimes find these little tiny heads and, and they didn't look like this. They're real small. Which is interesting what Remy brought up, maybe that was for fishing or something. I don't, I don't know. But All the heads we would find would be tiny little, almost like bird points is what I felt like I wanted to call 'em or heard 'em call before. And supposedly what they did was, is they didn't necessarily weren't trying to kill the buffalo. They would hurt 'em and they would just kind of peck 'em with the arrows and then they would run the buffalo off of this cliff.


And so it would basically die coming off the cliff. And it was so cool across the valley, you could still see All the old stone rings to where supposedly the ladies or the squads would sit there and look back. And soon as the men basically had, you know, whatever amount of buffalo, I guess over the drop, they would come and butcher and the man would go back And, you know, smoke the piece pipe and relax. So times have changed a lot. Yeah. So I thought that was interesting. Was telling me about this one site where they had a buffalo drop and the pile of buffalo was so large and there was so much decay. Yeah. That it actually created a fire. Holy cow. It like, started on fire because they're all just rotting from and fermenting and just hot, nasty, some sort of combustion.


And so the entire side of the cliff was black from these buffalo falling off of this place rotting. And then combusting Created a fire. Yeah. That's crazy. I mean, I don't even know how that would work. That's Crazy. I, I don't either, but I do know that those buffalo drops do exist and it's pretty fascinating. And the place we're hunting is a, a, you know, private landowner. He was a rancher, had some cows and he was very funny. He did not want us to video on any of our episodes or, or anything to do. And back then we were videoing, I was working with Bill Jordan and we had a show on TNN back in the day and he's like, do not bring your cameras. I don't want any TV cameras around here. He said, because they'll come and all of a sudden they'll set this up as a historical site and I'll have, right.


So he was really funny about it. Yeah. So I don't even, I didn't even take a lot of pictures of it 'cause I was always like, Hey, you know, this guy didn't want us to take any pictures and talk about it. But man, every time I'd come back, you know, for Morning Hunt or we'd go scout, I'd come back and like, man, I wanna go to Buffalo Drop. Like, you know, you, it's like a little kid, like a little 10-year-old kid, boy scout and like, look at this. Here's a head or here's a buffalo horn or, or skull. And most of everything that would've been there had already been picked through. 'cause it was right off kind of a county road. And so most of the locals that knew about it, and Of course, you know, he's had kids and grandkids just, just kind of rummaged through it. But it was pretty interesting. But every time you'd go, you'd find something. So it was really interesting. It just, just really stretches your mind and your imagination to imagine living like that back then.


And that these people, while, you know, Rome was being built, the Coliseum, Europe, all this, all these different places in the world, these people were living the same way people lived tens of thousands years ago. Right here. Yeah. It, it's crazy. And, and now it seems like we're so far removed from it, but yet as we we talk about it, that romance hadn't left. And even getting a chance to chase a bull elk, there's still some amazing rural wild places out there. Yeah. That where you can kinda revisit. And, and that was the first thing I noticed is All the, the, the Native American pitchers you had, I hunt a lot with Native Americans, a lot with the Navajo nation. I've become like family or they become like family to me. I go out there every year and the resources they have, you know, I know cam hunts a lot, you know, as a musculo and different, different places and I don't know, man.


And and even sadly, even amongst the natives, some of that culture is being lost with them more. Yeah. And so we even go out every year and do a hunt with their kids. We take 15 to 20 Navajo youth hunting every year out there with the Navajo game and fish. You know, they have a lot of mentors. Gloria Tom, who she's just stepping down, but she was the kind of in charge out there. And we would go and work with people like Jeff Cole and that whole Navajo nation, the families, and we'd take just their kids, the kids of the Navajo nation hunting. And sadly enough they're, they're like a lot of kids in America eating little Debbies and playing Xbox. You know, it's like, man, you got 17 million acres in your backyard. Come on bro. You supposed to be the damn eagle.


I Right. You gotta you gotta fly and dip down. When we got, you know, I'm even out here, you know, it's your, your room and we Me Too. I have all kind of Native Americans. My heroes were Native American hunters like Ishi, who taught Pope and Young how to bow hunt. He's who got him. Oh really? Yeah. Ishi outta California. I think he, he come back and, and he, he basically taught those guys who were doctors, he introduced them to, to bow hunting and then pop and young as we kill a elk, we think, oh, is he big enough to go pop and young? Right. Explain to people what pop and young is for people who don't know what we're talking about. Pop and young is, so basically pok and young were, were two guys that basically just kind of revolutionized archery as we know it a lot of times.


I mean, obviously you throwing around names, you gotta talk about Fred Bear and stuff like that. But prior to that there was an Indian named Ishi out of a California tribe. And I'm not good enough at remembering exactly what tribe that was, but there's a lot of cool information that You can read. Obviously, if you ever get your hands on Saxton Pope and Arthur Young, any books, it's fascinating. Like, my favorite book of all time is called The Adventurous Bowman. A friend of mine, Jeff Johnson, who's a writer, gave it to me. And I, I read it All the time. And even my kid, I read 'em that book at night, you know, and this talks about their first venture into Africa and, and when they went there, when they hunted grizzly, when they hunted elk the first time. And so these guys were kind of based on what I can assume seemed to be pretty much city LICs who had basically a patient called Ishi who taught them how to hunt and, and pictures of him, you can still see him.


He looks like he's dressed at a Ted Nugent concert in 1969, you know, jumping off the amps and, and so yeah. And so now that's become similar to Boone and Crockett Pope and Young is an organization that's formed around, You know, celebrating certain animals that are trophy aspect. And if you get a, you know, say a whitetailed deer that nets 125 inches on the Pope and young scale, You can enter 'em into the pop and young record books and every category of species like elk, bear, caribou, moose, so on and so forth, has that. And so it's just kind of to celebrate a lot of the heritage of archery. And so pop and young, a lot of people don't know it, but that, that basically is the basis of what it come from. But it starts back to guess what a Native American, these arrowheads, they passed it on.


And so now we are kind of carrying on that same tradition. And so as a student of the game, it's like, it's so cool to talk about a There they are. Oh, Look at that. Yeah. Wow. Look at that. That's cool. Is there any, can you find Jamie is that issue that That's and Saxton Pope right there, There's issue there. Oh wow. Can you imagine? Look at that. So you're, you're learning from the source. Yeah. I mean they, and, and, and there's so many amazing year stores. Was this, what year was This? Man? I don't even know. It had to have been in the, I don't know, was it twenties or maybe, maybe, maybe 1900. I know it was early. You know what's fascinating when you think about what we enjoy, we enjoy archery.


1912. 1912. So that guy, you know, that that is like, he was alive in the 18 hundreds. Absolutely. So he was doing that. Like that's literally from the source. And there's another thing, and it's, it's crazy to think about this. Another thing I read and heard told, because obviously You know how you travel around and it's always trying to figure out, you know, what's fact fit fiction. But I'd listened to Casey means on this podcast we're talking about our food, supposedly Ishi who come in who is actually living very primitive, but come in and once he started hanging around and got Westernized, quickly got fat, because I don't know if little Debbie's was around then. No. It's the only thing I hated about the whole KC me, that whole podcast.


I was like, man, I used to love a good oatmeal pie. Now I'm sitting here like, I don't know that glass of milk should I even partake? But I think he gained a lot of weight and started getting a lot sicker, just Eating. And the food back then was so much better, better than the food we have now. Yeah. Yeah. Just, just around a lot of people. And all of a sudden he was trying to fight probably viruses and diseases and, and getting an abundance of a certain food he wasn't used to. And supposedly I think he got a little heavier and less healthy just being around Probably a lot of grains and sugar Probably. I'm sure. Yeah. Yeah. He's probably eating mostly meat before that Probably. So Yeah. Just to fish, fish eye the creek and Yeah. You know, backstrap out of a mule deer, You know, The way everybody did for thousands of years. Yep. It's just so interesting that if it wasn't for guys like Pope and Young and Fred Bear, I mean, how many people were evangelizing bow hunting back then?


I mean, how many people were making it something that was, you know, because as soon as rifles came along the way everybody looked at it was, oh, rifles are better. You can shoot something further. It's easier to do. You hunt, you hunt with rifles. But to make that choice, this decision that there's something more, more connected, more spiritual about archery and bow hunting, if it wasn't for those people that were promoting it, people like Fred Bear. Correct. Who was so, he was so articulate in the way he would describe things and the way he would describe the benefits of just archery practice about how archery just removes your cares. Yeah. Like if you could just concentrate on that target and just just practice archery, it cleans your mind.


And I find that today. I I do too. It's almost like you go back in time every time, even though we pick up, you know, these new ho bows, you're like, oh my God, look at the technology. It's a lot a little more Accurate. It is. It's so much more accurate. And so yeah, it's, it's amazing. And, and you're just exactly right. It is spiritual and to think back of where it was to where it is, but then you think about the rifles and the technology we have there. But keep in mind, I'm sure, You know, and those people who are really hunting for substance. Absolutely. If, if we leave tomorrow and we can't go and get us a nice steak dinner, or we can't go to the grocery store and buy us a, some chicken or ribeye or whatever it is we decide to eat. Well absolutely.


If we're like, Hey Joe, your wife and my wife is wanting us to kill a few squirrels and we're gonna have squirrels and gravy, and my wife makes some good biscuits. It's like, why don't you know, let's leave the Hoyts at home. Let's take a 22 and a four 10. Let's just go get us a mess of squirrel. Yeah. And so I think probably they looked at it that way. And once that came about and then it slowly becomes somewhat of a, I hate to even say it as a sport 'cause I don't look at it as a sport, as a culture. I think it's a discipline. It's a d it's a discipline. But I, I think to know that we're still going back and celebrating that and still talking about issue and Pope and Young and the Fred Bears And what they set forth. And even people like Chuck Adams, who was always one of my heroes. You know, cam and I were talking a lot about that in Texas.


Just golly, Chuck Adams was hunting these elk and always had that little green beanie shot, those double X 78 eras. And man, you wasn't nobody. It's like, you know, All the kids, and even me, you know, I was this little chubby white kid that thought if I bought Air Jordans, I could jump higher. And, and Michael lied to me, man, you're a liar, Jordan. I can't jump any faster. I, I can't run any faster. But, you know, Chuck, when I saw those arrows and I'd see that bow, I'd like, man, I gotta have that. I wanna be like Chuck, you know, I wanna be like Fred bear. And so it's just amazing to see and to see that we still are celebrating it. So it's, It's really cool. Well, it has a very deep connection to the human mind.


There's something about archery that I think it's because as human beings evolved, you know, we developed the bow and arrow, they invented it. They, they refined it. And that was how people hunted and got their food. I think there's a genetic memory of that that's inside of our heads because there's like, there's something eerily satisfying about hitting a target with an arrow. It's so much different than anything. Like, I like practicing shooting rifles. Yeah. I like, I've hunted with rifles. I like it. I like it. It's great. Same here. It's not the same. It's not the same. It's not the same. It's like a, a 10 time tenfold different. Yeah. It's, it's, it, it really is amazing. It's like every time if I go rifle hunting, I love it.


I mean, absolutely love it. Still love the whole culture of it. I grew up in Georgia where, I mean, people were on these leases, you know, it'd be a Mead Mead property, which was Timberland or Georgia Power lease. There'd be 10 of us on 500 acres or sometimes more than that. And so, you know, everybody took a 30 off six Remington semi-automatic, you know, scope on it with over and Undersights. And we'd meet up at Uncle Morgan's barn, me and my dad and Scott Steiner, my uncle Tommy and uncle Jeff. And where are you going? Like, hell, I think I'm gonna go to the boat seat, you know, I'm going to holler one. Nobody talked about win or nothing. And it was just a bunch of old guys high fiving. And we would walk back there and hunt with a rifle. And soon as you heard a rifle shot, you're like, that was Uncle Tommy.


Yeah, I bet you he's got a big one. You know? And so it was just so amazing that part of it. So I still go back and do that from a culture standpoint to feel just that feeling and vibe of being standing there in a pair of Kmart boots with some old walls, coveralls draped over with them. Old white long handles, you know, that we thought we could go to the Antarctica in, in reality, it was just some cotton it, as soon as it got wet, she froze to death. And, and just the thought of that, of being literally in my time, 11, 12 years old, just being one of the men with a 30 alt six on my shoulder, climbing up in a pine tree, in a tree stand built outta leftover lumber for my dad's construction job. That was the most unsafe thing in the world. And A lot of people got hurt falling outta those things.


Oh yeah. And I remember we got our first bow, my dad and I, my dad had an old brown and bow, and he had a couple old recurs when I was young. And he pecked around with 'em. And then I remember I was 13 and I was working him on a job site. And that's what my summer job, my dad was a carpenter. And so I'd go work and man, he worked cornbread hell out of Me Too, you know, just to show me how to be accountable and just what it was like to work. And he paid me $2 an hour. So he said, you need to pick you out something as a goal. Figure out what you need to save you money for. You don't even blow it on something stupid. And I said, well, I, I don't, I don't know. And, and at the time, some of my buddies, we were saving up wanting skateboards. Well, at the time we lived on a dirt road. So I'm like, what am I gonna do with a skateboard?


You know? I was like, I can't, I gotta go into the city to use a skateboard. So my buddy Jackson Bishop, we called him Boo. He lived in the city and we hunted together. He said, I'm behind me. He, he was working with my dad and I too. And he ended up saving his money and bought him a really cool skateboard. I remember he built it and went and had posters of it. Well, I ended up deciding that I need to get me a bow and arrow. So I went and bought me a, a Martin Pro Eliminator bow from Big Buck Trading post pay $200 for that sucker. Was that a compound bow? It Was a compound boat. What Year did compound bows get invented? It would've had to been, I would say in the seventies. I mean, the first I remember was talking about Fred Bear, the old whitetail hunter, and then you had the whitetail hunter too and stuff like that.


And then I know Browning came on pretty soon in that. And then obviously you had Hoyt that was in there. Did they even have sites back then? We, we had like a pin site. It was like a bracket and it has had this kind of rudimentary site that you could scroll in and out. But There's no range finders, right? There were no range finders. Is That it right there? Look At that. The original compound. Look at that. Up to 50% more speed and penetration. And that was 66. So I felt like this would've been in the eighties. 'cause I 66 because I feel like, Wow, that's wild price. So low hunters can't afford to be without one the way they used to market things back then. It's so funny. I Know. I love to see those old field and stream and outdoor life magazines.


Yeah. It's just, I mean, it's a window into a different time. You Know, look at that. Can you imagine taking that to Utah to chasing elk in the mountains? Oh my God, you'd have to be so close.


This episode is brought to you by warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon, but when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together. A visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets Warfare movie.


This episode is brought to you by Call of Duty. All right. Call of Duty War Zone fans. It's happening. The moment we've been waiting for Ver Dansk is back on April 3rd. Yep. You heard me right? The iconic map, the one that started it all, is making its epic return. I'm talking superstore chaos. Rooftop snipers at the hospital, at the madness, at prison. All of it starting April 3rd, you can drop back in, relive the mayhem and feel the adrenaline rush that you've been missing. Whether you are a war zone vet or a newbie, it's your chance to drop in to ver dansk new gameplay updates, forver dance error, weaponry, All the classics, All the chaos. So call up the squad, load up and get ready for those heart racing moments that you've been missing ver dansk returns on April 3rd. Don't miss it. This is gonna be wild download. Call of Duty Warz zone for free. And I'll see you in ver dank rated M for mature.


Cameron wouldn't even have to tote out a, a buck on his shoulders. He could just tote that around. Probably be as heavy as a white tail. How Heavy is that thing? Look at it. All the metal. There's no telling All the components, all Cables. What kind of feet per second are you getting outta that sucker seen this before. What is this? Oh, look at this. Arthur Young 1926. Yeah. Arthur Young Bow Hunting. It's a grizzly here. They say it's a grizzly. Oh wow. Look at em. Super close. Holy cow. I've never seen this Jamie. Thanks. Pulling this up. This is so 1926. Holy smokes. I bet they didn't even have to buy a license. I bet they just went hunting too. Oh Yeah. I bet there was no licenses back then. I mean, when did they, All right.


He he hit him somewhere. Yeah, He, it Shows, it follows it up here. But I mean, to film this is even crazy. 'cause this is 1926, So Right. Wow. You had to be so close with that shitty bow. No doubt. And man, any, I, I tell you what, man, intriguing, like those guys right there, their books that they wrote, if you wrote those same books now, like if, if you and I went on a hunt and we said, Hey, you know, let's just write an article and present it to Outdoor Life and publish it just as we saw it, which is so cool about what we do here is having a chance conversation to kind of air out anything and everything.


And obviously culture has changed the world. I mean, these podcasts. But back then, you know, you had articles, well, they'd write these books and, and it would be so like, I would read it sometimes the same page, two or three times. It'd be like, you know, Saxton Pope talking about Arthur Young talking like, yes, I found out, I think it's too far. 70 yards is too far to shoot at a Cape Buffalo. I put three arrows in him. He didn't seem hurt. I got two in the rump, one in the neck. And you're like, like they didn't edit this out. It's almost like Right, right, right, right, Right. It's almost like me and you hunting squirrel. Like, man, I'll tell you what, I don't like him pellets. It's just not, yeah. Those pellets in that air rifle are not, I just not knocking the squirrels down good enough. Like, oh, you wasn't supposed to put that, can you edit that out?


Right. They were just like, okay, let's put this in a book and let's sell it. Let's Put, well, they were pioneers essentially. They were learning, They were learning how to do it. But you imagine how you, you get crucified sometimes for the people who don't understand hunting, even ethically hunting and making a good ethical shot, whether it's a bow or an arrow or a rifle. And back then they were like, all right, let's go try to hunt some African lion. I don't know what it's going to take to kill 'em, but we'll see. They were just experimenting. Experimenting. And they, they took a boat over. Think about, I mean I did, I mean I, to go to, I've been to Africa quite a few times. How long does It take to get to Africa in a boat? It was taking a months to get over there. And they would, they would take a whole ship and I think they, I forget, I don't wanna say it 'cause it could be inaccurate historically, but I wanna say they was taking 40, 50 bows these recurves and like just tubs and tubs of arrows.


I mean, just Because they were just launching them. It's like they had more freaking arrows than p Diddy had baby oil. I mean it, so it's like, it's like, man, how many arrows can you fit on this boat? Like, well, we got shit. Load it Up. Well they probably knew they weren't gonna get any over there and they're probably making them themselves. Right? Yeah. I think it documents that talks about like, look, if our bows tear up or in this experimental process, we might need a little stronger bows. So, you know, I mean, sometimes very rarely do I even do this. I'll go to pretty desolate places. I'll take one bow. Very rarely I take two bows. I used to think it'd be beneficial. But then I started realizing, man, these things are so dependable. Yeah. I don't need it.


Maybe I take a bow press or, or an extra cable or an extra string or set up. But I mean, they just had to take everything and they really didn't know. That's such A commitment to adventure. Oh, unbeliev get on a boat with a bunch of bows and a, a tub of arrows. I mean, how do you tell your wife that too? Because they were married. Exactly. Can you imagine, I can't imagine now that you know Joe and I planning a hunt trip here and you Go home and say, Hey man, just me and Wael was talking and me, him and Cam are thinking about running a hunt. Hogs. Well, how long are you gonna be gone? You know, it's Christmas time. It was like, well, two days, you know, we're just gonna drive down or fly over here, do that. Can you imagine? Like, hey baby, I think I'm going to Africa and we're gonna try to hunt some lion. We don't know what's gonna happen.


We're back about six, seven months. Yeah, I'll be back next year. I Mean, like, I'm gonna go hunt lions with a pointy stick. Exactly. I should be back, I don't think, not Sure what it takes to kill one. No Internet. Yeah, no, no. Right. I mean, nothing, couldn't Research how, how are you learning form and technique. Yeah. Who you learn. You just have to practice and then eventually figure out, well, I held my elbow this way, it seemed to be better than this way. Yeah. I'll, I'll just, we'll just wing it, tweak it. And, and even the civil unrest, imagine this. I mean, oh yeah. You know, I hear people talk about hunting in the dangers of potential rogue wildlife, but I've never been that, You know, grew up real country. So I'd never had any fear of any animals.


You know, matter of fact, if I was bear hunting and I thought, you know, somebody said, Hey man, bears love pork chops. You walked through Alaska with a pork chop, Randy neck might get a better chance to get a shot. I'd be like, well, well hell, you reckon they'll come, let's try it. You know, because I want a shot at one. But think of the civil unrest. I've always been a, you know, if you, I went to Zimbabwe one time, me and Nick Mut and several of my buddies, we went over there to Zimbabwe and it just happened to be when Mugabi was rerunning. And so he had a political opponent. And so just when we think people listen to this that, You know, politics in America are crazy. Well, guess what? Somebody was running against Mugabi. So did they debate it on a podcast or even talk about it on CNN? No, Mugabi just went and killed the guy he was running against.


Like, okay, I win. You know, so in the story. And so the internet was shut down. And so I remember being over there and like, man, I'm kind of scared, not of an elephant or a line. I'm like, what is this? Right? I don't have a phone, I don't have internet. I have no way to talk to my family. I don't have any, they and my money got stolen. I was the idiot who went over there like with my backpack with cash and like, you know, a bank envelope. Everything that you read, like, okay, I'm, I'm an idiot. So I go to, I go to take some money to, to, we, we were talking about going fishing on the Zambezi River. And so anyway, I was like, I'm gonna get a little money.


I I'm, I'm gonna tip this guy. If I go fishing, like, dude, where's my money? And it was all gone. So I don't know if it was between where I landed in the South Africa somewhere in my room, I don't know where, but all of my money and, and, and I think I had about $7,000 cash. Which, which for me that was a lot of money. Like, I mean, I was devastated. Not only I lose the money, I, I was like, I didn't have money to lose like that. But now I'm like, what am I gonna do? And so they take me over to Botswana and I get some pula from an ATM 'cause it's a little more westernized. But I remember calling, calling home and it's like, man, we ain't in Kansas no more. This ain't a white tail hunt.


And in my mind I'm so singled in on the adventure and thinking of Saxton, you know, Pope and young and all these guys. And I forget like, wait a minute, there's people dying and starving over here and, and I'm just over here trying to maybe find a Cape Buffalo or a GIMs buck or something. And that's where I learned a lot in my young travel of, of just what's out there in the world. Do You watch Pedro Ros videos? No. No. Jamie, let me, I'll send it to you. He's a fascinating dude from Spain and he travels everywhere to Bow hunt everywhere, All the World. Oh, I can already tell. I I'd Love that. Oh, you'd love it. He's great too. He, his, his hunting adventures are in really interesting.


But he goes all over the place. I love that he goes to like Tajikistan and places. Holy cow. There He is. Look at that. And he's, I mean, you can tell, look, I mean just He's, you know, super, super, super dedicated bow hunter And, you know, travels to Greenland. He was in Greenland with Remy. They were hunting together. And I just, his, his stuff, Pedro's videos are really, really well done. And he's such a likable guy that it's a, it's a good introduction to people that don't even understand why anybody would be interested in bow hunting. Because you realize I love this. Like this guy is, he's as much fascinated by the adventure of it all than as he is even the hunting aspect of it.


Like, he really enjoys being in these very different cultures and very different parts of the world. Like he hunted elk in Mongolia. Wow. Mongolia has a large elk population. Please. I didn't know that. I didn't Really, yeah, but it's really funny because everybody who goes there to hunt hunts with a rifle. And so All the guides who, you know, speak Mongolian, right? Like, they're like, what the fuck is this guy doing with this boat? This is stupid. Like, go Whatcha shoot Pedro. He's like, I can't shoot it. It's 98 yards away. You know, like, we have to get closer. He's like, just shoot It. Yeah, just shoot it, Shoot it, kill it. Let's get outta here. We've been here for fucking three days. You know, like they're tired of it. But this dude's got a a, a really fucking great channel and a TA ton of videos.


I mean, he's been doing this for like, making these videos for like 10, 15 years. I'm definitely going to subscribe to that. And you got, I Don't even see the buffalo. Where's the buffalo? Is that, is he ven? Oh, it's a muon. Oh, that's, oh, Muon. She Oh, you went, you went to a different video. Oh, okay. Go to the Mongolia elk hunt. 'cause it's so fascinating. They stayed in a yurt. Yeah. So they stayed in one of those felt tents like Genis Khan used to live in and they traveled in the woods. And it looks like you're in Wyoming. It looks like you're in Idaho. Them yurts always wonder if that's what Missy Elliott was rapping about. You know, yurt perian around here. I don't Think so. I don't think she has the knowledge of your That's that's what he's saying.


Yeah. But if you scroll further ahead, you can see some of the footage. Oh, this is Iex in Mongolia. Dude, that be tough hunt too, man. Google. It's not that search elk in Mongolia. He's got, I mean he's got tons and tons. There it is right there. See a world record elk to band right there. Yeah. Second row that one. Bam. Yeah. That's in Mongolia. See that's to me so fascinating. Isn't that crazy? Like, look at that. That looks like you could be in Utah. Absolutely. And they, they just totally didn't understand why he was using a bow. 'cause his dad was there. His dad hunted with a rifle. Right. And he was successful And you know, he's got close God.


And those, those look like just your basic Rocky Mountain Yeah. Species. I Don't even know how they got there. I don't know if they were always there. I don't know if they were introduced. I really don't know. There's in Europe. Yep. Yeah. And that's what they're staying in. Really. Interesting. I did not even know that they were elk in Mongolia. Yeah. I didn't either until I saw this video. Nor would I have even known You could hunt there. And I think that's what people don't realize living in America. Yeah. We can hunt. I mean you go do that in China, get hungry in China and decide you wanna go get you a mess of rabbit and squirrel. Well, they might not be none. And you can't legally hunt. You Can't legally hunt in China. Not in China. Not at all. There's, there's several states you can't even bow hunt in in uk. I know. Isn't that crazy? I mean, I don't know if that goes back to Robin Long stride or I think some of it does A lot of the folklore.


'cause that was a poaching tool. He hunted the king's property. You could do it, you could poach with a bow and Arrow. Well that's what people don't understand. The Robinhood was not about stealing money, it was about using the King's land to hunt correct animals. Correct. 'cause people were starving and the king had all these animals and you weren't allowed to hunt them. You couldn't. So Robin Hood was like, this is bullshit. Like, Yeah, I'll take this bowl to deer. Go deer deer, let's go, let's go eat. There's stag out here man. Yeah. And so I, yeah. I don't, I I I'm always the more I travel, like seeing this, that Pedro's done, I hadn't done that extensive of traveling and I've never, if it ends with a stand, I just stay outta it. Yeah. I mean, And these extra Z's in the Yeah man that I try to be. Yeah. But Pedro goes everywhere.


His, I can't recommend his show enough. It's so good. And I watch him all time. I'll gonna check that out. Late night when I want to chill when I'm at home, I come home from the comedy club. I'll throw on some of his videos. Check Out Pedro. Just chill out. I Wondered if you ever heard of this. What is that? I was looking at the initial books coming out of hunting trips to Africa and Dingo Neck. Multiple people said they saw this one guy said he even shot one in Africa. They saw it. Yeah. How Long? In 1907, I think. What The fuck Do they have a photo of it? It's just, it, it obviously might even be a real thing, but the descriptions of it were backed up by multiple people. Huh? A carnivore that chose to hunt or devour nearly whatever it wants to save for elephants.


Holy cow. It had Tusks, doghead beast fish. What? I don't even think Jim Shockey's hunt one of them. Where did you Find this, Jamie? Literally, I'm looking at all these history books about like different expeditions. And this was one from 1908. They went to look for some certain things. They encountered this in Lake Victoria. Huh? It, I mean it's, it's probably not real, but look At this. But it seems like it is. I wanna believe he encountered by Lake Victoria when asked Bronson's own hunting party provided nearly identical descriptions of the creature. The title is referenced to the author having been given special permission to hunt the closed territory of Loida, Masai Kii and Soic.


Wow. What the hell was that? I just looking It up. Very strange. It looks different in a bunch of the drawings though. Sure. I mean, they don't have Right A picture I guess. But like remember when we were showing those ancient pictures of what a, a whale looked like to people? They'd never seen a whale before and it had like wings and a lion's Head's. What's fascinated on all that? Those paintings? I just wondering what it could be and engravings it, it kind of, some of it you can see like, okay, we still have some of those animals that look that way and then some kind of looks kind of mystical. Well You ever seen the ones that cave panties where it's like a st of OSAs? Yeah. Like how did you know what that looked like? What you Know somebody Exactly. They didn't Google it. Right. Did. Were there a few laying around?


I mean, I wonder Yeah, I'm so intrigued by that. I think I'm more intrigued with it hunting and traveling and being in these places. Like we, we went down, I love the Turkey hunt. I love the Turkey hunt. Matter of fact, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna do everything in my power. And every anybody that listens this ever even ever knew my name knows. Everybody's like, dude, you gotta get Cam and Rogan to go Turkey hunt and you got it. I Went Turkey hunt once. Did you really? The one with Ella, he took, did you Really? Ella dude, he's, yeah, he, it was fun. Yeah, he's fun. I, I love Turkey hunting. I just love it. And that's how I kind of broke into the, the industry. I guess. It's definitely a superior Turkey to eat. Whew. They are, they're delicious. They are delicious to eat. And, but anyway, with that said, I, we were down right out of the Yucatan Peninsula hunting oscillated turkeys, which is a different species.


You can hunt all these turkeys and get different slams they call it. Yeah. I think Ronelle's got the slam. Yeah. Ronelle has done it. He's a big, so I went down there with actually Troy, Troy link of Jack Link's jerky and he's a big hunter. So we all went down there kind of for the adventure and to say, yeah, we hunted the jungles. And dude a amazing, you know, you got all that Mayan civilization and all this stuff that I saw, even Graham Hancock. But what people don't realize, we're out in the middle of this jungle and I'm walking around and the guy I'm with, he don't know English. And I'm like, and co stone our producer, he is standing there and I was like, dude, this is a, this is one of those pyramids. Like we we're walking up and I'm, I'm trying to figure out if I can hand call. 'cause nobody had ever figured out if you can hand call to these oscillated turkeys.


I get looking around. And so finally I'm tapping this guide on the shoulder and I'm like, bro, you know Mayan? He says, oh, see, see? And I'm like, there's so many of those structures out there. Yeah. And we're out there hunting turkeys, they don't think nothing about it. It's kind like us walking around out in the middle of the woods in Georgia and finding an old whale, you know, we're in trees, right? They're like, oh yeah, there's, they're everywhere. So I only knew about the ones that was on the postcards, you know? Right. That you go za Yeah. When you're out there having a, a corona on the beach and somebody trying to sell you engraving to your wife and some, You know, ring Yeah. Or something. I'm like, oh my God, dude. And, and like, I wanted so bad for a Turkey to respond and to put my back against that. And so I did a little video and I was like, man, this is insane.


But when would I have had a chance to see that had I not been a hunter? Yeah. So that gets you down the rabbit hole of like, well, what was this And what is that calendar? And I wonder what Graham Hancock is. So when I'm seeing some of this, I'm like, dude, I was in that area. I didn't go to see that particular piece where he's talking to this authority. But I did go, you know, 30 miles south of there or a hundred miles, and I had a chance to work a Turkey around one that's not even been excavated. And it was just, that's wild. Blew my mind. They find so many of those too. The, the jungle just overrun all that civilization just overcame it. And you, you just, they find them with, you know what lidar is? I heard, yes.


I saw. Well, I, I didn't know about it until I watched that on the Netflix show with Graham. It's crazy showing how there's flying over in those rings and stuff. See if you can find that pyramid that they just unearthed in Guatemala. They just unearthed some huge pyramid in Guatemala. And that's, we were, we were south, I think it was Guatemala. We were right there and kind of right on the southern tip of Mexico, just as you go into Guatemala. And I was just intrigued and we're in the jungle and staying in these little huts. And I remember these little tents, like almost a screen porch. I was just, I was blown away. And the whole time I was like, Thank you Lord, for allowing me to be the hunter to go see this, to, to experience this. Right. And to, I don't know. It's just, I'm overwhelmed.


I've never got bored with it. And the more I do it, the more humbling it becomes. As soon as you start thinking like, man, I got a bunch of elk with my bow and arrow. I got this figured out. I'm about to run a rake through 'em. I know where they're gonna be. And then you go out there and they just kick your butt. Yeah. There's no real figuring it out. I mean, you certainly, you get to your level or a level of Cam Haines or Remy Warren, you, you, you become very proficient. You understand what to do And what, here it is, find lost city in Mexico jungle by accident. Holy cow. Yeah. This is what it was. It wasn't Guatemala. So archeologists found pyramid sports fields causeways and connecting districts amphitheaters in the southern central state of Camp Campeche.


Campeche. Yeah. Che, They uncovered the hidden complex, which they have called Val Valor. Valana valana using lidar type of laser survey that map structures buried under vegetation. They believed it is second in density only to Kalac mu thought to be the largest Mayas site in ancient Latin America. The team discovered three sites in total in a survey the size of Scotland's capital Edinburgh by accident when one of the archeologists browsed data on the internet. That's so crazy. They found it by accident. See, that's amazing. And, and I caught the same vibe when I was down there.


'cause we weren't too far out of Campeche when we was Turkey hunting. And so as we're going through there and there's thousands and thousands and thousands of acres, I'm not even sure I set up, I don't know if it's, you know, governmentally owned in this case, Mexico or if it's village. But when I saw that, even though we videoed it, I asked later, I come back and the main outfitter, he's very fluid in English. He said, yeah, we don't, you know, there's all kinds of stuff out there. We don't talk about it a lot because this is our hunting ground. It's almost like the buffalo drop right Story. Right. They don't want people, Archeologists to don't, they really don't want Grand Hancock down there with a team of filmmakers from California. Like, they don't want it. And so I see their point, but I don't, I, I, I absolutely, and I, and they kind of, but I think that's what's fascinating about all that we're able to talk about and share now culturally.


Yeah. As we realize if you grow up hunting and fishing, well, I really assumed everybody did I Right. I didn't think there was somebody that hadn't eat squirrel. Right. I was just, I, I did a Walk. I didn't miss squirrel till I was 45 years old. That's What, that's what I'm saying. And, and I grew up to where like laying in eating with my papa, like one day, damnit, I'm gonna buy me some ribeyes. You know, it's like you eat enough squirrel and rabbit and it's great. But yeah. It's almost like, man, I'm gonna get that big family pack of chicken. Right. And, and we ate plenty of that, but it was always a fallback to where you understood the good lord's renewable resources and Yeah. How to hunt 'em. So taking an animal for table fair wasn't anything at all to even cheer about other than, you know, almost a, in the blessing of blessing your food.


Like, Thank you Lord for giving us this opportunity to have a place to hunt. So it would be a chance to go put a fish basket out. I remember my papa would taught me so many things. He made corn, liquor, and just country as a damn chicken cook. Oh, wow. And, and I look back, he passed away when I was 12. Both of my granddads did. And, and my dad eb and Waddell, same way. I mean, they taught me so much, but I just assumed this is what every man was. And I figured this is what everybody knew. 'cause that's how you grew up. Yeah. Yeah. And I remember I started working in the hunting industry when I was young. And I remember I tell this story, I just remember like going to a nice restaurant and people ordering appetizers. And I'm like, what? What are we doing?


What are we doing? Like what does that mean? Yeah. I was like, bring us some ceviche and some calamari and you, you guys like cheese sticks. I look, I know they're unhealthy. Everybody like cheese sticks. Like, I like cheese sticks. They're like, you know, like, and then all of a sudden we sitting there chatting like we are, and everybody's having a cocktail. And I'm like, man, I'm so happy. This is the funnest. I'm loving this. And I'm literally going back and at the end of the night calling my dad like, you ain't gonna believe it. He, everybody's eating before you eat. Like we, we had we getting shrimp cocktail and, And you know, and I'm over there, right. And it sounds crazy and almost like it is exaggerated, but I was so overwhelmed.


I was so intrigued with the city and just people, I would be the guy talking to everybody, you know, from the, from the, you know, street people. They're like, what's up dog? You know, like, yeah. You know, they're, they're like, man, what's it like out here? You know, like, man, you ever, you ever ate a pigeon? Man? There's a lot of these pigeons. Go get you a couple ketchup packets from McDonald's and Yeah. Get you a rock. It's hell people eat. Hi. And so I was, it was almost like the exact opposite from some of now my city friends who have gotten just enthralled with hunting. Yeah. They introduced me to so much of the city culture that, you know, I still get excited. Everybody don't think I would, but I, I still love to get excited to go. I, I had a chance. Joe Montia is, is somebody who's got a show on outdoor channel.


So he has this big cigar dinner every night and bur, I mean, every year in Burbank and saw All the Fuentes, you know, and all these different, you know, movie stars and stuff. And so he is like, man, why do I, don't you get a table, come out and join us? I'm like, yes. I took my wife, we're all country. I was so excited just to get dressed up and everybody think I wouldn't like it, but I was like, man, this is cool. I'm out there having a cigar. There's the guy from Rambo, I forget his name, but it's in Karate Kid, the Yeah, sure. Yeah. And I'm like, I'm meeting some of these people and I'm thinking it's amazing how culturally being so country and, and how now I'm talking to some of these guys, like, man, dude, you're the hunting guy. Can you man, why don't you take me hunting?


I'm intrigued with that, you know? Yeah. And so now having a chance, I know you had like Jim Brewer on which what a cool cat. I love Jim. He Is so fun. I mean, I couldn't hardly hunt with him or Theo for just constantly laughing. Oh yeah. I mean, I, I like to cut up and have a good time. Guys. The first time I went hunting, I went with Ella, took me and Brian Callen, and it's the same deal. Yeah. Brian Callen's fucking hilarious. So we were just crying, laughing in Montana, freezing our dicks off, having a good time. My experience was the opposite. Always lived in cities, always, You know. And then the first time I went hunting was with Ella. I had, I had been camping before when I was a kid, but there was, I had no real exposure to nature. Right. And I remember just after that week doing it, I was like, I'm doing this for the rest of my life.


Like this is, this hit you. Oh, a hundred percent. I, I remember cooking the backstraps over the fire. It was me and Ronella and, and Callan and the crew. And we were just like sprinkling some like seasoned salt over these backstraps and cooking 'em over the fire and we're eating them with our hands. And I was like, I'm doing this for the rest of my life. This is like one of the greatest moments I've ever had in my life. One of the greatest experiences I've felt so tuned into it. I was like, this is something I've been missing. Like, this is, and it it's a whole new world. I, I explained it. I was like, it's like you're in a different dimension. The first time I shot a deer was on that show.


So I had never hunted an animal before. I'd only been fishing. And the first time I'm looking at that deer through the crosshairs of that rifle, and I'm just calming myself to squeeze a shot. And I squeeze off the shot and the deer drops like a stone. And I was like, oh my God. I'm like, this is what I'm doing forever. Yes. And then once I started eating it, I was like, oh, this is, this is my new thing. I'm like, I'm obsessed. I was obsessed. Golly. Yeah. Yeah. Obsessed and then obsessed with what I all I had been missing. Just the experience of being in the woods is so different than anything. The way people think of hunting. Unfortunately, we've been poisoned by movies where the hunters are the bad guys.


They're always douche bags. They're always, yeah. They're always like poaching animals and harassing people. Hunters in movies, it's a trope that they've always been like cruel, evil people. Like there's Bambi and The Bambi, the Walt Disney movies are the worst. Oh, they ruin people. Yeah. They ruin this idea. People who buy burgers from McDonald's will look down on someone who hunts an animal in the woods. And it's correct. It's just, we've been, our, our brains have been distorted. Our perceptions have been distorted by media. And I realized that being in the woods hunting, I was like this, first of all, this is very difficult to do. Yeah. Mule deer hunting in Montana in October, freezing cold.


Yeah. In the Missouri breaks. Fascinating. Just the whole, the the environment is so unforgiving and doesn't give a fuck about you. No. The the the quiet and the isolation out there. Yeah. And a weird kind of loneliness. Like a, not loneliness, but a, a realization of where your place really is in the natural world. You're, you're not special. No. You're, you're not. There's nothing significant about you grind Of salt. Yeah. You're just one of many living things trying to get along out here, trying to get by. And you have an advantage, obviously 'cause you have a rifle and you have binoculars and all that other good stuff. But the reality of it is, it's very, very difficult to achieve success, especially if you don't know what you're doing.


I was very lucky to have a guy like Ella show me around. Yeah. But once you do it, once you're like, oh God. Like this is incredible. Like, and then to eat that animal completely different experience than any other meal I've ever had in my life. Yeah. It, it's such a piece that comes with it. And I, and I try to explain that, but there's no way to explain it until you experience it. Right. You know, I was even trying to explain it to Theo, I don't know if I got that across. We laughed. Theo, Theo is a unique dude, Man. He's one of the most, I I've met quite a few people, not as many as you, but I, theo by far is one of the coolest, unique people I met. And I remember we get out and we're gonna Turkey hut, you know, and I knew, first of all, I think I ruined his whole excitement of it when I said, all right man, I'll wake y'all up.


We got about 4 35, you know, he's like, what'd you say Wadel? And I said, Oh Man, I didn't sign up for this. You know, I didn't say this in a brochure. And I was like, and so Caleb Presley, who bars stool sports, he was there and I was a big fan of those guys. So I was, I was trying to make sure I gave him the best experience I could, you know, 'cause I, you know, just like Ella did with you. Yeah. I knew the magnitude of, okay, these guys, I hope they wanna do it again. But we go out there and Theo had not been around a gun a lot. And, and so I figured it'd be easy. I had a 20 gauge, well I can't remember, it was a 20 or 12 gauge. I had a couple, but I put red dot those bushell red dot scopes on there to make it really easy. Not have 'em shoot the bee, just look through this optic and see the red dot, put it on the turkey's head, pull the trigger.


So Theo's looking through that thing. So you want me to shoot now? I said, no, Theo, I mean this, this, it's not even daylight good. He's got sunglasses on. And he says he's looking through this joke, he's looking Through this shotgun. He said, oh man. He said, I see that red dot. He said, when I pulled a trigger, it turned green. And I said, Theo. And so there's clips of it. And I literally, he said, And then he looked at me, he said, who's on the, who's on the other team? There He is. That's it. Shoot. No, No, don't shoot, don't shoot him. No, don't shoot, don't keep it q off the trigger. Okay. Alright. But see what I'm saying? You can see how, You can see the red do the red do on his head if You can get him on. Alright.


And Who's the other team? Who's the other team? Fuck, I just disrupt. Look, did I say I take it, bro? He lives in another dimension. Yes. Who's Theo? Theo lives in a neighboring dimension and he just comes and visits us. Oh God. Yeah. Me, Theo and I went to the UFC two weekends ago. Yeah. Last weekend. When was it? Two weekends ago we were in Vegas. And then after the fights, we went to dinner. And I swear to God, the dinner was, it was an hour and a half of me and Theo crying, laughing, just cry. I mean, tears. I'm wiping my eyes. I can't breathe. We're just, I go, dude, this should have been a podcast. We should have filmed this. Oh God. Because we Were, oh God, I can only imagine. We Were crying, we were just cry.


He was saying the most ridiculous shit. And I was laughing so hard. It was so much fun. He's so fun. He's So fun. I, I had so much fun with that guy, man. And he said so much that I couldn't repeat. Right. That was so funny. And then they said so much that I could, but I hadn't met anything quite like him. And he's so unique. He's a one of a kind, he's a one of a such A big heart too, man. Oh, he's A sweetheart. Such a nice guy. He's such a kind person and just a very unique talent. And, and that's the thing too, you know, ca Caleb on the other hand, he ended up did getting a Turkey, Caleb, and he kind of, he kind of took to it pretty quick. Theo liked it. But I think his attention, if it is attention deficit, he definitely had it.


He's got That. And He was, he was kind of cool. And, and anyway, and I realized Theo had more fun just kind of walking around, checking out the cows and yeah, it just, I mean, dude, that would be a whole, you could do a a, a special, a theo just walking around, maybe after a mushroom or something. Just let him walk around and just describe what he's seeing. Right. I, I mean, our producer come back and he, I saw him way away. I was tired, man, I've been hunting a lot. And he said, man, we're gonna go take an adventure, walk around the, the ranch, you know, farm. And it was down in south Florida. And I come back, our producer was laughing. He said, man, I, I can't even tell you all I heard And what Theo was saying. He said, I, I've never laughed so hard. And I said, I can only imagine. I can only imagine.


But, but yeah, man, I don't know. It's just like that, that part, I think that's the most beautiful thing for me coming from where I come from and even, you know, seeing All the different people from all these cultures. And there's so much, and, and I've completely understood this too. There's, so


The finals are here. And the only thing that's for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season get in on All the action expected and unexpected with Draftking sports book, with live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination. As we reach the finals first time, here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling Problem, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521. And over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk eng dot coast slash audio.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


A little that separate us all from, from the most rural country guy to the most urban city guy. Yeah. No matter what race, ethnicity, it's amazing how there's so much entertainment and things. If you just open your mind Yeah. Not pretend to know it all, to wanna learn. 'cause there's so much you can teach me, so much I can teach you. And it's just amazing and it's definitely given me a whole lot better perspective. And, and, and I, I don't know that that's been probably the coolest part of what I've had a chance to go on an adventure and a journey is to be able to, You know, meet somebody like Brewer who's like, you know, he didn't really, was not intrigued with hunting. It was more the conspiracy of what was going down. And like, dude, I went to go get some chicken breast and some chicken wings to watch football.


You couldn't find any. The government fauci is making me learn Why Hell teach me how to kill a Turkey. You know, on the other hand, first morning out Jim kills one. And so, you know, you've hunted enough, you and Cam where you know, you get an elk and it is a, a reverence. It's not like you, everybody reacts different. So, but if, you know, if you played a good era, kind of the Ted Nugent, the spirit of the era, the spirit of the wild, and that era goes in there and you, you've worked for it, you've practiced. And when it, you know, it's a good ethical shot And you know that you got and essentially put the tag on that bull, it is almost like spike some people. It's almost like spiking the football when you get a touchdown. Yeah. So I was so excited that Jim Brewer had just got a Turkey that me and I had Ira Dean who used to be in that country group trick pony, who is just a trip in itself.


He's good friends with Jim. And they live somewhere close down there in Naples, Florida. And me and Ira are just grabbing him, looked like you wrestling jujitsu. I got him in head like, you got him, Jim, You know, You know, and we're like, you know, punch him like you smoked him. You're not you dude Right in the head. You know, we high fiving and Jim's just over like, like, like Overwhelmed. The like the woman in the shower on psycho. Like, what did I just do? I just killed something. And then, and all of a sudden I forgot, this is a guy in the movies. This is the comedian that I grew up as a kid watching on Saturday Night Live. He's never been there. Right. And, and so, and then we slowed down and it wasn't even hardly any time after that. You know, Jim's just sitting there and he takes the Turkey and he's holding it like a, like a little puppy dog.


And he's holding it. And Ira, my buddy gets it. He grabs his beat and say hello Jim. And he, And I think even Jim talks about it, but I, I I just sit back and I'm like, man, what, how cool is this? Yeah. You know? And then the same token, you know, Jim's like, Hey man, if you ever down here and wanna come to one of my comedy shows And you know, for my wife and friend to go do that or, or, or to, to, to see something I've never seen. Yeah. Or to Go home and still tell my dad who's 71. Like, you're not gonna believe, you know what I saw in Austin, you're not gonna believe what happened in Yeah. You know, wherever Las Vegas we're at the shot show. It's, I don't know. It's, it's, That's the beauty of travel, right? Like the more environments you could go into, the more completely different cultures you could explore, you get a just a wider sense of humans.


Yeah. And that you realize like, we have more in common than we do opposed to each other. We're, we're, we have much more that we share than we don't. Correct. And what really is, is just like, what environment did you grow up in? You, you grew up in the country. I grew up in the city. Yeah. But once you find common ground and once you experienced it, like experiencing nature for the first time, for people that are in the city, it's so overwhelming for them. It's so interesting to watch them just walk around the woods and Oh yeah. Just be confused and not, not knowing how to navigate, not knowing where they are and being exhausted. Not knowing how much energy it takes going up hills. Yeah. Or how are we gonna get back? Yeah. Where are we at?


You know, We're eight miles deep. Yeah. Yeah. We gotta walk eight miles back. Yeah. When is that gonna get us back? We probably go 11:00 PM Yeah, we're gonna be, it's gonna be late like What, 11:00 PM Yeah. We have headlights put on your headlamps. Like what we're gonna walk in the dark with. Are there animals out here? There's a lot of animals out here. Yeah. And they know where you are before you know where they're a hundred percent. Yeah. It, it is, it is so intriguing. And, and to think about totally different World. It is a completely different world. And for me, it was so cool. I've, over the years working for different, I I call it more non-endemic. Like you obviously, when we think of Hoyt, you think of Real tree, you think of these different companies that are around the hunting culture. But I remember one year I had a chance to work with Hormel, Denny, Denny Moore, stew Hormel had Denny Moore beef stew.


And so they did the sweepstakes and it's like win a Turkey hunt with Michael Waddell. And so we did it and they run 32nd ads. That was when, you know, everything was a bunch of 32nd ads. And so the guy wins it, him and his son. And well, they get there and I realize they'd never hunted. And I, and, And it was my first time to experience guiding somebody that knew nothing. I mean, I'd, I'd guided a lot of rookies, but I'm talking about when I say had no clue of nature, never shot a gun, never shot in a while, never a gun. I mean immediately, you know, had the big Rambo knife tied on the side of his, you know, You know, it's like, okay. You know. And so I remember we walking and, and I realized that, okay, this would be fun for me because from the basics of everything, just the mountain, the streams to the tracks.


And so we walking along and me and his son and him are talking and I say, look here, this is a coyote track right here. Look at this. It's cool. And you can see it in this sendero a perfect coyote track. Oh man, that's cool. I'd like, You know, and everything he would relate to would be to a cartoon like, like the coyote on Bugs Man Rodeo Show. And I said, yeah, like Bugs Bunny Road runner Coyote, but this is the real coyote. And I said, oh, this is cool. Check this out. This is a Bobcat track. Oh man. I say, look, here's a, here's a Turkey track, but this is a hen track. This track is different. I'm explaining to him the different things. I mean, we saw everything that day from hog Haval tracks. So finally we're walking, he's just so cool with these tracks, like taking pictures. He said, Hey man, any, any Cheetos around here?


And I said, what? And he said, you know, Cheetos, you know Chee Cheetos. I said, are you talking about like Cheetos? Like snacks, snacks? He said, oh yeah, I mean any of those animals. And I said, what, what? I swear, I swear animals, he, that just shows the disconnect. Cheetos Chester the cheetah, which I guess is from a true animal, a, a cheetah, but Chester Cheeto, he was like, is any of those tracks? Can you, if you see one of those tracks, show me what a, you know, Chester Cheeto track looks like. I'm like, you know, we don't have cheetahs, but there is no Chester the Cheetah. But then it hit me, it's like you was talking about the movies.


Well, Bambi is so real to them. The Fox and the Hound. I mean, it's so real, right? It's like, you know, somehow, you know, they, they think that you go to Antarctica or, or, or North Pole. And these polar bears are sitting, having, having a soda and high fiving and talking about Christmas eat Klon bars. Yeah. Eat klon bars. Like, what's up? What? Hell yeah. Come over here man. Right? Have a coke with us. You know, it's like, no, that's not, these animals will smell you and they come hunt you. They, it's like, wait a minute. A seal that we gotta wait days for him to come out the hole or hunt them down. Or look, there's a dude that's been eating a lot of fried chicken and collard greens and cornbread. I, I bet that sucker. I bet he can't run fast. Let's go eat him.


And so, yeah, that's the only, it's a disconnect of, of not knowing and thinking that everything is almost like going to the zoo. And then when it becomes hard, you know, and you're two or three days in and you're not had an opportunity. Like, dude, I, what is going on? Like, it's, we're hunting. I mean, I've even had 'em like, dude, I thought you were good. I mean, well I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying. It's just this animal, it does not wanna get on your plate. You know, It's not an easy thing to do. No. And when that's also the problem with hunting shows is 'cause a hunting show, I agree. If it's a half an hour show, it's 22 minutes of actual footage. And so you're boiling down a 10 day hunt to 22 minutes. And the reality is that gives a distorted perception to the people at home.


Like, oh, it's easy. It's easy. They just go there. They put the animal on their cross hair. That's not fair. But you hear that All the time. That's not fair. Like, survival's not fair. You think it's fair that the lion gets to kill the gazelle? It's not fair. No. Of course it's not fair. There's nothing fair in nature. Why are elephants big? Why am I small? There's nothing fair. No, it's not. This fair doesn't factor in. This is what you're trying to do. You're trying to survive. Obviously you can go to the store, but out here there's no fucking stores. No. So out here, if you wanna survive, if you want to, if we lived here forever, this is the only environment you're ever gonna be here till your heart stops beating. Correct. This is the only one way you've gotta figure out the wind. You gotta figure out where they are.


You gotta pattern them. You gotta figure out how to sneak up on them. You gotta figure out how to execute a shot without getting buck fever. Yep. You gotta do all these things. Like, this is the only way. It's so deep. You're right. And it is difficult. It is Difficult. You just can't boil it down to 10. Like Pedro does a really good job of showing like how difficult it is on these crazy adventure hunts that he does. But even still, it's an hour or an hour and a half. Like the reality is it's 10 fucking days, man. 10 days. That's right. 10 to 12 miles a day, sweating your ass off, coming back, exhausted your feet hurt, your back's killing you and just, and you sleep so hard, you sleep like a dead man. And then that alarm clock goes off at four 30 in the morning. You're like, oh.


You get some coffee in you with a jet boil and you're freezing and you are trying to warm your hands up and then you're off again. Yep. But it still almost feels like, I always talk about hunting and opening today. It's kinda like Christmas. It's like, you know, when you finally do get to that September, and I just use elk hunting as an example. 'cause I know you love elk hunting. It's almost like you are tired, you've been grinding, you've had, You know, doing your, your daily gigs of whatever you're doing, the responsibilities of everything in your life. Finally, I'm in elk camp and you're already tired and that first morning you, you maybe don't sleep good 'cause you're anxious and excited and then all of a sudden you finally fall in a deep sleep and all of a sudden you're like, but then all of a sudden it's kinda like, as a kid when right, you waiting on Santa Claus, it's like, man, I'm not sleeping, I'm listening for him.


I enough milk, milk cookie for him. And then, but then you fell asleep deep and all of a sudden you, you wake up like, oh, Santa Claus. So you jump up and you're still tired. And so hunting to me is still that. But, But that's amazing. It's still that after all these years, I, I Still get Excited. That's the same with Cam. I mean, he's been hunting his whole life. He still loves it more than anything. I, I plan on it so hardcore that like when Netflix gave me a comedy special Yeah. I had to make sure that it was the beginning of August. I was like, I need time to get ready. Yeah. Because like I have a whole training routine and a shooting routine And you know, I wanna make sure I'm shooting a hundred hours a day, seven, seven days a week. I wanna make sure my accuracy is fully dialed in. I have a hundred percent confidence.


My cardio's on point. I gotta be ready. So I was like, it can't be any later than like August 5th. I'm like, I need, I need like four hard weeks of, I mean, I'm training for it all year round, but four hard weeks. Almost. Like you're getting ready for a fight In some of those meetings still, do you still have maybe executives looking at you like, Oh yeah, they ask weird questions. I Don't understand that. Yeah. Like, so September 12th through the 23rd, I'm like, you're not gonna find me. Yeah. And to them they don't understand like, like yeah. You know, outside of people playing football, like you still see the Christmas games and the Christmas receiver Thanksgiving. But for me, like Thanksgiving and Christmas, very rarely, You know, all of us kind like, I'm taking that day, you know, I'm taking that day.


And that's kind like unfortunately now we getting these hobbies of honey, like, okay, I can't do anything. The first week in April, that's Turkey season. Yeah. And then September, oh man, that Whole month's gone. Yeah. In November. Oh man, the deer are running. I don't know that y'all got anything in July. You know, I've had big guests, like important guests Yeah. That wanted to come in like September 10th. I'm like, that's not gonna work. Can't Do it. It's not gonna happen. Well, it's the only time he's in America. It's not gonna work. Sorry. Lemme Know if you come back. Yeah, yeah. Lemme know if you come back. I'm not missing that. It's just, it's my favorite time of the year. There's Nothing like it. I mean it funny story that happens similar And you know, people wonder like, do you ever get tired of it?


You really don't. I mean, I'm sure like you, you know, obviously say in the comedian world to kind of draw parallels that opportunity to go out for 30 minutes or an hour to make someone laugh and, and they're digging on the stuff that you're performing. It's gotta be a, a a, a natural high that comes with it. So there becomes an addictive quality to it. And it's not necessarily about the money, it's just a certain situation that feels good. So you wonder like, when do I wanna step down for this? And it's kinda like, you know, Keith Richards playing a guitar. Maybe never. It's like this is part of it. And I think hunting becomes like that. And to the point with me, like the things I love and I've been blessed that in elu my financial opportunities have came from promoting hunting and working for different partners as is Cams.


And many of us, Remy, Steve, a lot of us, but I'm still so addicted to the point to where my wife, she loves country music, my wife Christie. And so through people we meet, we've got invited to some really cool things, you know, from get togethers to, to parties, to situations awards, to ceremonies to different clubs. And so a lot of times we'll try to go and it's actually a cool thing for, for me. 'cause I said, Hey man, I met this person. Would you like to do this or that? And one thing in particular happened, my wife loves country music and there's a lot of those country music guys that, that I hunt with. So I had gotten a text from a guy they was having the, some award ceremony around the country music, I forget which one it was, but when they had it at the Dallas Stadium.


And anyway, they, I had got invited. He said, Hey, if you wanna come out Wadel, look man, we, we'd like to have you have you at to, you know, man, we'll, we'll we'll treat you like one of the singers, You know. And so immediately I said, oh dude, watch the dates. And they said, it's April. Like it was, I forget what it was, it was whatever it was, it hit right in Turkey season. Like right when I knew I hadn't even had anything planned. This was time. But I knew kinda like, you know, September. Yeah. So I said, man, I'm sorry, Thank you so much for the invite, but I'm not gonna be able to make it. Well my wife and I don't have a relationship where we're going through each other's phones and stuff like that. But, but that particular, my phone was sitting, it was maybe a week later sitting there.


And that same gentleman had texted me on another matter. And so he had just texted me somebody, I said, Christy, get my phone. So she did. And somehow that got, she just happened to look at that text and all of a sudden I couldn't figure out, she was just kind of giving me the cold shoulder like the rest of the day. I'm like, what did I do? And I couldn't figure out what I did, You know? So finally I was like, look baby, you know, I figured out a lot of things about El and Turkey. I ain't figured out a woman completely. And so I know I done pissed you off some kind of way. I don't know what I did, but, you know, help me understand. She said, you know what, I do have a bone to pick with you. And I was like, okay, well let me have it, you know, let me have it. And I'm already thinking I ain't did shit. You know, I don't think she said, You know what, I know you like hunt turkeys.


And I'm like, okay, all right. And I, and I'm like, yeah, I love to hunt turkeys. She said, but you know what, we could take one night and go to a really cool ward ceremony. Maybe we could hang out with Blake and have a drink and just chill and relax. And Luke was gonna be, and I, and I, and I was like, what are you talking about? And then she said, oh, I saw the text and we were invited to go to the awards and, and you quickly just said no, didn't even talk. And I'm like, I'm like, and then I hit me like, what a self, I don't know how many turkeys I've seen shot or how many turkeys I've shot myself. But here it is. I'm 50 years old and I'm saying no, just like that without hesitation to, right.


No, I mean, that would be fun. In my mind, I'm thinking, dude, if that was June or July and, and I had your number that'd be texting everybody, dude, are y'all going You can we, yeah. Can we have a drink? Hang out? Sure. But it was like, nope, it wouldn't have matter of Elvis Presley. It's gonna be the show. I was like, and then it hit me. I was like, man, I am a little selfish. Selfish. Yeah. Yeah. And it hit me there. And I, and I, and I did, I sincerely, I said, I'm sorry. 'cause you're right, I could have just got a commercial flight. We could have flew out there and spent a great evening, had a great date night, and saw the awards and come back. But in my mind, I'm thinking, why would anybody go to a big city in the middle of Turkey season? I don't understand that.


And I'm trying to, I'm still learning. Still learning, You know, So crazy. Well, the the reality of it is if you haven't experienced hunting, you don't understand why people are so drawn to it and why it's, the experience is so much more powerful than anything else you have in life other than the birth of your children, you know, being love. Yeah. Well there's a bunch of experiences that are wonderful in the regular, modern civilized life. Yeah. But when you get that bug, you get that bug, you know, you get that bug when you, when you hear the swat of that fucking arrow hitting the vitals, and you see the spot right in the golden triangle, you see the blood dripping down and you see 'em stumbling forward.


You're like, we got 'em. We got 'em. And every sense in your body is on 10, your, your fucking goosebumps have goosebumps. Everything. It's just, there's nothing like it in the world. You wanna stand up Yeah. And tie that bandana like on Rambo first blood. Like, like it's just you just, it, I don't know. It's crazy feeling. And I hope more people get a chance to experience it. It, but it Is, it's so hard to do. It's so hard to do. Especially like archery elk hunting or archery mule deer hunting probably even more difficult. I agree. It is so hard to do to get someone addicted to that. Boy, you gotta you've gotta get a special kind of person that's willing to, like the learning curve is so long And the physicality of that high desert mule deer.


Oh yes. Oh, it's, It's brutal. And and also those motherfuckers are smart. Oh yeah. You think they're not. They've Been ducking mountain lions for five, six years and they know Yeah. Any little snap of a branch, any little like moving of a rock that sounds like it might have been a predator's paw. Oh yeah. They're on a swivel. They're up and they're bouncing bo boom, gone boing. See ya. They're Gone. Yeah. And that's what other, other thing people don't realize, you know, they think, oh, you, you, you hunters are going out there And, you know, getting these animals And you know, obviously the hunters has such a responsibility and the balance of, of a lot of things, you know, and mother nature is first of all very brutal. And there's a lot to be learned through nature.


There's a lot of things we think we know. But then if you really dig deep and you're in the mountains, you realize, wait a minute, that was all human nature. This is nature. There's a difference. Yeah. You know, so many examples that you can get into. But at the end of the day, these deer also have coyotes. Now they reintroduce wolves in some of these places. And they have done stu studies that in some cases they feel like an adult male mountain lion can kill up to a hundred mul deer, one mountain lion. So you're talking 80 to a hundred animals that they kill. So when you think about us, even if we're athletic, is that a year? That's a year. That's one. And and they've done all kinds of studies. I know the, the state of Utah has been really proactive, which is great.


And what I love about Utah Game of Fish is what they're doing. They're listening to a lot of these mountaineering type of guys who are not, you know, have a doctorate in biology or, or are balancing nature. They're just ranchers. They're outfitters, they're hunters. They're somebody that's immersed themself. And you know, they might not can sit there and ti recite Shakespeare, but they can certainly tell you what they've seen. They don't claim to know it all. But they can tell you things that they are seeing out there And what There's different kinds of intelligence and knowledge. Knowledge. A hundred percent. Yeah. And, and, and a lot of, and, and a lot of the game of fish sometimes will get at times arrogant to say, well, what, what am I gonna learn from a Joe?


What am I gonna learn from Michael Waddle? Right. What am I Remy Warren? Come on dude. Okay. You hunt a lot. But you know, I got a doctorate in this. Well, Like, California's a great example. Yeah. Like a lot of their game and fish, I don't even think they call it game and fish. I think they call it fish and wildlife. Correct. Yeah. Because they don't want the, the concept of game to be introduced. Meaning, meaning hunted. They, their, their thought is they want to get it to the point where the predators and the prey balance each other out where there's no need for hunting. And they would like to reintroduce wolves to help, help. That's it. They do, it's, it's animal activists that have taken these positions that should be held by wildlife biologists who have an objective understanding of the populations and how to keep them healthy.


And the way they're doing it in California is you've got mountain lions everywhere. Yeah. In this one ranch that I hunt, they had a water hole. They had a a, a pond and they had a trail cam. They found 18 different cats that visited this trail. Cam see that 18 different mountain lions. That goes beyond what biologists will tell you. As a matter of fact, a lot of times, a lot of the studies are now, it's been changed in everything. The goalpost are being adjusted. But there was a time, I think it was 28 square mile radius that I know, at least in the state of Utah. So I'm not saying every game of fish department, you know, I call it, or fishing game or fish and wildlifes would say. But they had specifically, they said a male mountain lion basically controlled 28 miles diameter only to find that in Utah.


I've got some friends in outfitters that went out there when they did have the quota tags. Now You can just buy a tag over the counter and You can, or get depredation. You can hunt mountain lion All the time. 'cause they realize, look, these mountain lions are killing a lot of elk, a lot of mule deer specifically on top of that, you can't con don't know what the winter's gonna be And what that's gonna kill. Then you got wolves, you got bear, you got all this stuff. This outfitter took a, a business card and he put it down. He said, well, yeah, I know y'all think this, but I wanna show y'all what I filled the quota. He said, I shot 10 mountain lions in this business card. He said three of them was here. So your theory that one male mountain lion is in this 28 mile diameter is completely busted.


This is not on anything I've studied. I didn't go to Harvard. I didn't go to Auburn University in the wildlife department. I don't have trail cameras out there. I'm just telling you that with red bone hounds, this is a true statistic. Here's the photos. And so what has happened, a lot of those people got together. And what I love about Utah, they are listening and they're saying, okay, this old soul hillbilly knows something. Let's listen to 'em. And so they're adjusting to, and now the deer numbers are going up, the hunting's getting better. And, and, and, and then it's unfortunate that, that really, some of these people might be right. That nature does have a great way of balancing itself. Very more, way more brutal than what you and I would approach. Yeah.


The management process. But everything's changing. I mean, you know, you talk about California, you talk about how they reintroduce the wolf, say in Colorado, well, all that was voted in, in a very urban area, specifically Aspen, All the ranchers, all that. I don't think it should be voted in at all. It Shouldn't be. And it's Ballot biology to me is ridiculous. Don't make sense. You should have to have an understanding about what you're voting on from perspective of the people that are actually in the field. Correct. And the reality of mountain lions is like, you're not gonna get an accurate assessment from someone who visits it once a month. They Think you can go out there and, and, and sell tourist tickets to watch the mountain lions. You can't find them. I I tell you this, They're there and they know you're coming. They smell. See 'em, you miles away.


They're not gonna be anywhere near you. And if you do see 'em, it's rare. I Heard Ella, 'cause Ronella spends a lot of time in desolate places. And I didn't specifically talk to Cam, but kind of in perspective, I started working in the area of either guiding or working with an outfitter, working with companies that were doing shows for at the time, TNN that turned into ESPN, now outdoor channel now YouTube, so on and so forth. Well, so as a young kid, you know, in rural Georgia, I finally had a chance to start going and seeing these places from Saskatchewan to all over Canada. Got to go to Africa, all over Mexico. And now I'm hunting all across the western landscape, not just in Georgia hunting white tails in turkeys and squirrels there.


I've only saw one mountain lion in the daylight one. Now I've spent tons. I think Ronella said he saw six in his lifetime, in, in the daylight. So what you realize, if you see a mountain lion in the daylight, now I've seen a lot of mountain lions, but they all have been in a tree behind a dog or running behind a dog. I'm talking about just you and I glassing looking from Neil deer like Joe mountain lion. Right? You don't see 'em. You don't see 'em. And same with wolves. I've seen two wolves in my life. Both were in, one was in the Yukon, one was in Alaska in the daylight. I've heard 'em countless times. You know, we've been camping in spike tents and you hear the wolves. I've heard 'em all across places where wolves exist, but you don't see 'em.


Another perspective is even coyotes. I have 500, a little over 500 acres I live on in Georgia. And so I noticed that I was finding all kind of, you know, fawns and they did a bunch of studies from University of Georgia, Auburn University talking about how many deer that coyotes eat, which can't blame 'em. Why would you not eat a fawn in the fawning time of year and feed your, your pups? So I decided, actually, of all people who got me into trapping, it was Blake Shelton. He was trapping in Oklahoma. Loves it. And so I'm like, my God, if this country singer who hosted the American, You know, or, or the voice can trap, I, I gotta get learn about this. So I dug deep in 2019 and 20 man, I just dug in and just learned a lot more about trapping and started putting out dirt hole traps or, or leg hole dirt, dirt hole traps and different things.


And so I caught in 2021, I caught like 22 1 year, 19 another year just on 500 acres. Wow. And if we go hunting tomorrow, now think about 20 dogs that are smaller than a German shepherd, but a small, you know, canine dog that lives on your property. Some are passing through to think that in a four week period I could catch 22 coyotes that at times, you know, hunting a lot. I would see, see them time to time along that also call seven Fox and two bobcats, and I don't know how many coons and possums. So for people to think that you see this All the time, you don't. I live there and when I'm home, every day I'm up and I'm riding, checking food plots, putting in food plots.


I got bulldozers, I got different things and tractors trying to make the wildlife habitat better to make sure I got better areas for my turkeys to brood, making sure I'm planting resources. And I don't see these things. And this is all I've ever done. So the people that live in Aspen are just outta la you know, not trying to throw shade on 'em. But you don't know, man, I, I don't, I don't know how to hit a half pipe like Tony Pop, Tony Hawk either. Right. So I'm still learning. And so for me to say that and to think that you can just spend nearly 4.8 million, $5 million to reintroduce wolves and think you're gonna get tourists to come out there and look at 'em. These wolves, if they could talk, they're like, these people don't have a clue. You're never gonna see me. Well, Not only that, but they took wolves that were already deprecating livestock.


Yeah. That's the one that they captured. And they moved him to Colorado where they're gonna continue to do the same thing. I Just had read something the other day. They, you see they're removing one of those herds. They're trapping 'em and removing them because of All the depredation of killing livestock. Yeah. Guess what? If a mountain lion kills a hundred deer one, and then he's okay, God bless the fact that he is nature and he's hunting a deer or an elk. But guess what they do when that starts running low? They're like, man, that dog looks good. Yeah. As a cat, cat. We were talking about this yesterday, that San Francisco. Yeah. When they kill mountain lions in the Bay area, 50% of their diet is pets. Ain't That something crazy? And all is Well, all these PETA members, they're all fine.


Long as it's your dog and your cat. Yeah. You know, and we, but all of a sudden you let a herd of deer come in and eat their $40,000 worth of landscaping and a mountain lion kill their pet, they're secretly calling me like, Hey, Hey, bone collector. Not gonna lie. That's a little offensive, but We need you To, so how quiet Is your bow and arrow? It's like, Oh Yeah. Hypocrisy. Yeah. Is this hypocrisy.com calling me? It's like, well, It's uneducated. It's uneducated. Yeah. They just don't know what they're talking about. And they don't have any experience in it. And again, like, like we talked about, like the, the idea the, the mass media idea of a hunter is very negative.


It's Very negative. Very Negative. It's, it's sad because what you'll find too is, is some of the best people in Society, some of the best People, I mean they're, they're really down to earth. I mean, set around a campfire with somebody that's grew up very rural, their excitement of talking about everything typically is pretty awesome. From also Their appreciation of hard work. They very much appreciate. Yeah. And I, and I think that's even my dad, man, he, he's 71. And I said, dad, you ain't gonna believe it. You know, Joe Rogan text me and invited me to come up on the show. And he said, man, I like that Rogan. He said that, dude, it's funny, anytime I talk about my dad, I gotta, You know, go into that impersonation like that Joe, man, he's stout, he's stout, he's stout, man.


He work out a lot, you know, and I'm thinking, how does my dad know the routine, You know, knows that I, I like him. I, you know, Of course he loved, he loved that you had Trump on, and that you had had had kind of bringing some, some light to that and give him an opportunity to talk. And so I, I, I find across the board, same conversation I had, talking to some squirrel hunters talking about Cam Haynes. You know, it's like, cam is a beast, you know, he runs and he does this stuff. And what brought me and Cam back together to, to even going out and talking on his podcast, you know, we grew up close to the same age, same trajectory. I'm the southern guy, he's a west guy, he's a fitness guy. You know, I, I'm kind of a little Debbie eater, fried chicken collar green.


But we still figured out a way. I always said, somebody asked me, said, what's the difference, you and Cameron Haines? I said, Cameron Haines runs quickly to the top of the mountain. And I sat down and I call 'em off the mountain. I gotta, I'm gonna figure out how to communicate with 'em, you know, and I send that thing, there's a Lot of different ways to crack It. There's a lot of different ways to skin the cat, as they would say. But at the end of the day, I was talking to some squirrel hunters over in Alabama, and these guys, prototypical what you'd pull up looked like Billy Coleman from where the Red Fern Grows, You know, had had squirrel dogs. And, and one of the guys, he had to be in his sixties, and literally I had some chew in the back. He said, man, you friends without Cameron Haynes? And I said, I am. I said, I, I, I, I've known Cameron a long time. He said, man, he seemed like a good dude. And I don't know why it hit me.


Like,


This episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes All the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to you by fast growing trees. If you wanna know what you're putting into your body, growing your own food is a great place to start. But listen, you don't have to start your garden alone. Did you know Fast Growing Trees is the biggest online nursery in the US with thousands of different plants and over 2 million happy customers. They have All the plants your dream yard needs, fruit trees, privacy trees, flowering trees, shrubs and so much more. Whatever plants you are interested in, fast growing trees has you covered, find the perfect fit for your climate and space. Plus, get support from trained plant experts on call to help you plan your landscape, choose the right plants, and learn how to care for them. Great. If you don't have the greenest of thumbs and their Alive and Thrive guarantee ensures your plants arrive happy and healthy this spring, they have the best deals for your yard up to half off on select plants and other deals. And listeners of our show get 15% off their first purchase when using the code JRE at checkout. That's an additional 15% off@fastgrowingtrees.com. Using the code JRE at checkout fast growing trees.com/jre, now's the perfect time to plant use JE to save today. Offer is valid for a limited time terms and conditions may apply.


This guy, I wouldn't expect to mention Cameron, right? And so quickly I contacted Cameron, I said, man, I just had a cool conversation. And so he and I quickly kind of said, man, why, why have we not even hunted together? Like we've been at trade shows and stuff and done some stuff and, and, and so that's been really cool for me, an old friend I've known a long time to get back in camp and the conversations are so funny. We get to laughing and cutting up and, and and, and I don't know, it's crazy. And so Fun. Well, I think one of the beautiful things about social media for hunting and podcasts for hunting is that people have an opportunity to hear a completely different perspective about what it is. Yes. That wasn't available before that I got into hunting because I started watching Spirit of the Wild Ted Nu I love Ted.


I, that's when I got fascinated with it. And then I watched Ella's original show, which, oh God, I can't remember the name of it. He had a show. It wasn't Meat Eater though. No, no. Before Eater. Before Me. Eater, yeah. God, I forget the name of it. But his show, it didn't last very long, but I, I thought it was really interesting. And I knew Helen Cho because Helen Cho, who worked with Ella on that show, she also worked with Bourdain. And so, you know, I was friends with Bourdain. And so I got introduced to them through that. And Helen got Steve on the show. He didn't even know what a podcast was. He did. He was like, what are we doing here? We, we went to, we were filming Outta the Ice House in Pasadena at that time. The Ice House is the comedy club in Pasadena.


Yeah. And that's where we had our studio. Wow. And so it was Ella sitting there, he is like, oh, kind of a little dismissive of this really. Like, what is this nonsense? Yeah. And then now he's got one of the biggest podcasts in the space. It's Funny. He's done a phenomenal job, man. Oh, he is great. He has, I I, I was when Elle had reached out and I had a chance to be on his podcast, You know, and I, I I would say I'm a very secure person, but at the same time, I, I know I'm country, you know, I know I'm the, You know, for lack of better words, the guy that, you know, I killed a lot of stuff, You know, I ain't no way to say it any better. I could say harvest, pluck, take. But at the end of the day, you know, I grew up where in Georgia we could kill 10 deer legally a year. So mostly with a boat.


And then Alabama, the neighboring state, you know, you could kill a buck and a do a day for a long time in Alabama. And it was people that tried to do it. It wasn't never, did you get you a good one this year? Like, yep. 47. Wow. Wow. Like what? Like, yeah. I, I, you know, and so it's a lot of food. At first I was, You know, when I first started meeting and hanging with Ella, I thought, man, I hope you don't think I'm just this old redneck, crazy dude that, you know. And then once we've become friends, it gets back to the whole how everything is so much tighter than you realize, and how we all have so much respect for each other in different lanes of bringing it. Yeah. And it's just like anything, I mean, you know, you got different players on a team all playing for the same team, but they all have a different skillset.


And so we all grew up a little different. And so again, I just assumed growing up in my small little area, just out of Manchester, Woodbury, Georgia, I, I really think the area I was from was called Booger Bottom Georgia. And I just thought, well, I, booger, bottoms are everywhere. Well, you find out there is a lot of different little names. There are no lights there. But I just really assumed everybody did. And I was just completely devastated when I went to the city And, you know, and I'd tell somebody like, man, You know, what do you do? It's like, man, I work for a company. We do hunting shows, You know, TNN You know, I'm so proud thinking, man, I should be able to pass out a business card to meet a girl with this, You know, like, oh my God, you're a killer.


You kill Bambi. And it just, bro, it just completely Devastating because you had never been around people who were anti-hunting. I, I'd never had, I didn't know it existed. Wow. I mean, I was that naive. I did not know it existed. How Old were you when you first encountered people that were Anti-hunting? I was in my early twenties. Wow. Yeah. I was in my early twenties. And what, how Hard was it to wrap your head around that? It blew me away. And I, and People that eat meat too, by the way, right? Yeah. I, I mean we'd be, it is really weird. It really hit me when I started traveling, I, I literally was like a kid that was just, you know, getting up every morning for Christmas. I, I was having a chance to work for Bill Jordan, and I had met him through winning a Turkey calling contest. And he asked me, him and David Blanton, I can't say enough great things about Bill and David.


David Blanton believed in me when, I mean, he always believed in me so much. And he said, Hey man, we'd love you to help guide hunters. And back then everything around hunting was media, outdoor life, field and stream. So there wasn't any hunting shows. But then about that same time, TNN after these NASCAR races introduced an outdoor block, which, if you go back and look, people like Jackie Bushman at the time, bill, what year was this around? This would've been for me, it'd been 90, it'd been a 92 or three or four somewhere right in there. Did they even have Range Finders back Then? No. Range finders I bought, the first one I'd ever seen, it was a bush nail. And I still worked with Bushnell. The thing looked like a car battery. I mean, literally, you know, I had safety straps, I had like chains.


I like one strongest man contest to hold this thing up. But you had the little ones you could roll and, and it'd even tell you when the temperature changes, it's gonna give you an inaccurate, it's gonna change with the weather. But no, it was, you know, just guessing. But was It a laser range fire? It Was a, the, the, the first ones was like a roller. You rolled two things. I forget how exactly that worked, but it come and it gave you basically a, A rough estimate. A rough estimate. And it'd be like 42 yard, 40 yards. And then Bushnell, to my knowledge, come out with one. And it was a bigger one. It looked like I said, it kind of looked like a small battery. It was big and it had a laser on it, and you could range it and it gave you, you know, the yardage.


And obviously it wasn't angle compensating, It didn't have any of the arc, the angle range compensation had any of that. And the first person I ever saw that even talked about that was Chuck Adams. I was videoing with him back in those TNN days. And, and Chuck, We should explain to people like angle compensation is like an arrow is quicker going downhill. So if you're shooting uphill or downhill Yeah, the angle, you have to gauge how fast the arrow's gonna go. The feet per second based on the angle. So if it might look like it's 50 yards as the crow flies. Yeah. Your, your rangefinder might say 42. Correct. And you gotta put your range, you gotta put your site at 42 yards, otherwise it'll shoot right over its back and It works.


Yeah, it works really Well. It's unbelievable. And, and that to me, I didn't know existed in, Have you ever fucked around with those garment sites? No, I haven't. I've always wanted to try one. It's Great in theory and great when it works. So when it works, yeah. I've had, I had a problem with it a couple of times and I gave up on them and I'm hoping they're gonna get better. And they then they outlawed 'em in Utah. I tried to bring it to Utah a couple years ago, and they had passed a law maybe last year. And the best thing about it though, it's like a red dot. You get that dot, you have a clear sight picture, no post, You can see just that dot, Just that dot on the vitals. It's amazing. And the, the fact that you can go to full draw and just press a button to range and then say maybe the animal moves 15 yards to the left, just hit it again.


You just press it again and you get a range and you have a perfect shot. But some people think that that's cheating. That's, but it's the same. It's just taking a step out instead of picking your range finder off your bin pouch and checking it and then changing your sight and then drawing back. With this, you're doing it right from draw. So from full draw you can just keep getting ranges. And then you can also hit it once and then a second time and you'll get pins. So you get 20 to 80. Nice. Yeah. Yeah. So even if you, you, So then all your pins have come up Exactly. Based on that. But If you just want to an accurate range, you get that one button press and it'll give you exact range.


And you know, it's based on everything is compensated into the site itself. So angle compensation is built into the site itself. You put in the speed of your arrow. So if you're shooting 285 feet per second. Exactly, Exactly. It's all factored in into your bow. It's pretty incredible. I liked that a lot because, and I think I've heard you even mention this. What I, what I love about archery is obviously you got these windows, everything ain't just sitting out in the yard where you're shooting. Right. You're shooting through the woods, especially if you're out there elk hunting. You, you got these windows. And there was a site years ago that I remember and, and it worked in theory, great, but it was sim it wasn't like the range or the, the Garmin, but they had these fiber optics that were glued to the middle of, of a basically of, of a piece of glass that went into the site housing.


So you would buy this glass housing that, okay, if your bow was 280 feet per sack, or two 90 or 300, 3 20, and your pins were preset, so you went in and got your top pin dialed in. So then you had all these, but your site viewing was good. The problem was when it rained or if it got dirty, Foggy. Yeah. Yeah. And what I did like about that is, is the fact that, the reason I've always liked pins, multiple pins is the fact that I could see my whole site picture where my arrow is going from 20 All the way out to, even if I'm shooting 80, in this case, most of my sites I set up from say 20 to 60 or 20 to 70. I try to put as many pins on my site as I can. A lot of people don't like it 'cause they think it's clutter.


But once I've mentally got used to it, if I range a bull, say 65, when I pull back without having doing any other calculations, I'm put my 60 yard pin on that bull, it's in the clear and then quickly now it's like a, you know, memory of going back and I quickly go back up to my 20 yard pin and I'm looking All the way down through and estimating is this arrow gonna arc through? But basically from 20 All the way out to my desired where I want to hit, I can see the arc of my era based on my pin set. Good. So, So you know, if there's a gap in the trees, I know the gap you're gonna be able to get. Right. But I know if I know if I'm at 60 holding dead on that clear spot, but I got a limit 30 and my 30 yard pens in the middle of it, I know like, oh crap, I'm hit that list.


So now I can just squat down. So that's why I don't like as much a single pen technology. And then quickly, what I like about the pens, it's clutter. It's kind of old fashioned. But I do like that a lot from that standpoint of trajectory of, of the ability to, to kind of kill or to take and fill a tag. And Cam and I talked a lot about those things. We talked a lot about the release. I definitely like the, the, You know, I, I like the handheld from a, if I really want to try to hone in and be a little more disciplined and kind of the feel it go, not feel it Gopuff and shoot with completely surprise. I like that. But I don't think that traditionally works is great for hunting because of the fact, I think you do have to know and to make that error go right now, if you consistently have to, even in Texas, I mean we're shooting animals at, you know, 20 to 30 yards, those deer.


And Sometimes the opportunity's right There. Sometimes they walk in, they're, they're dogging a dough, they're coming in, every deer ain't coming in just to eat corn or Right. Eating a food plot. They're coming in, they got one thing on their mind. And that's, you know, mama is ready. Yeah. And so they're coming in grunting so that deer runs, he stops and you gotta be at full draw. No, he's 27. Come back and you gotta send it right now. You know What I describe it as the difference between practicing free throws and basketball. A Hundred Percent. That's it. Stefan Curry Yeah. Is not it. It is, I mean, dude, You don't get a chance to set up and Yes. And have a surprise shot. A Hundred percent. Yeah. That's a great way to, To make it. Yeah. That's really what it is. I think practicing. Sure. But I think there's moments where you gotta make that sucker Gopuff, but then, oh man.


Yeah. There's great hunter's like Levi Morgan who hunts with a hinge. Oh dude. I mean, just an animal. Yeah. He's pr he's probably the most decorated archer that I know. I mean, that dude He's maybe of all time. Yeah. 'cause like er Gillingham. Yeah. All those guys are heroes of mine. I mean, like, I very much look up to him and, and if I can ever pull him aside, I just wear 'em out trying to learn, you know? Right. And, but Levi is right there, dude, as far as winning And what he knows. And he, you know what, another thing about Levi, I gotta give him credit. That dude is a cold-blooded killer man. He, he is a great hunter too. Sometimes I don't translate, I know some people that are great tar tournament, right? I mean 3D tournament, A-S-A-I-B-O winners. Right. But it doesn't go over into the ability to just fill tax.


It's free throws. It's free throws, free throws versus basketball. No doubt. It Really is like, you're, you're standing weird. One leg is down, one leg is up, You know, you're on the side of a hill, you gotta cant your bow a little bit, you know? Yeah. You lean your bubble into the wind. There's a lot of shit going on. A lot, Lot, a lot. Go. And then you got the nerves. You never get completely over that. You know, people ask me All the time, do you ever get nervous? Or you get buck fever? We're like, man, every, almost every time. It's like, I think that's when, if, if some of that, yes, you get good at kind of somewhat like stage fright. I saw a clip of Elvis Presley. I thought it was so unique. I saw a clip of Elvis Presley the other day on this YouTube clip. And he, he was completely in panic and this was like right in the prime of his career.


And he was walking around and, And it was a narrator saying, yes, Elvis and notoriously would get just afraid every time. Went on afraid. And I'm like, this is the king. Right? But, but he, he was just pacing and he was being short with a couple of people. I wish I, and, and anyway, he walks out there and I'm sure he crushes it. But I think it's similar to probably how some of those football players running out on the field. There's no way you got all this clicking in your head. Like, ah, man, I gotta remember Belichick has told me that he's introduced this new offense. I'm not sure, I dunno if I can read, I dunno if I'm gonna read this offense. I think hunting similar is to where everything has to click. But you still get that now is my opportunity. Yes. And dude, it still is overwhelming. And then to control it, and then when you fit that arrow through that window and then you can pick up the phone and call your family and say, baby doll, don't buy an old steak.


'cause I'm bringing it home. It's, it's, it's, it's, again, it's just an, it's not like you want to disrespect the animal, but you just achieve something. Grocery shopping in the wild is what you do. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's something that's very difficult to do that you care a lot about. And anytime there's something that's very difficult to do that you care a lot about, you're gonna get nervous. A hundred percent. And then when, and especially with hunting, there's one moment where you pull that trigger this one moment. Yeah. You have this one moment. So you've been practicing, you've been preparing, you've packing your gear, getting ready, all for this millisecond in time where you, you release that arrow and you watch right in.


Yeah. And it's very difficult to master. I don't think you ever master, you become proficient at it. You become good at it. But even the best hunters make bad shots sometimes. Absolutely. Animal moves. The wind takes the arrow in a weird direction. It hits a branch going in. You see it All the time. It's not an easy thing to do. So Of course you're gonna have those nerves, but that's part of the reward of being successful, is that if you can get through that nervousness, and I think it helps you in everything you do in life, I think anytime you do something really hard, very difficult. I think that ability to overcome that difficult scenario helps you with everything in life. A hundred percent. And and when it comes to archery too, you're on that ragged line to where in your subconscious, you can go from, you can be the hero or You can be zero that quick.


Right. All of that time, the money, the energy, the time that you did step away from the Netflix spa in your case because hey, I'm elk cu. Right. You, you know, you gotta somehow communicate with your buddies, oh man, I missed r worse, I made a bad shot. Right. Let's, let's let him lay. And so everything that you look forward to that whole year could, you could let yourself down. So it's a very individual lonely feeling. Yeah. You can't think about that before you pull the trigger. No. You can never think, I hope I don't make a bad shot. You can 'cause you'll a bad shot. You can't. And, and I'm always, I I is you always, are you always positively thinking when you're like, I'm about to put it on him? Yeah. Are you thinking positive?


I have to. I do too. Yeah. I think you have to. I, I was interested, you know, I was talking, I mentioned Chuck Adams. Chuck told me that he did that exact opposite. He said, sometimes I would say, Hey, I'm gonna do my best. I'll probably fail. It was almost like Mr. Rogers neighborhood. Geez. I said, you're kidding me. And, and then to me, this guy's the beast. Right. And the only other person in history I've ever heard that there was a guy named Ca Kenny Bartram is a motocross, he was the first guy to ever do a back flip on a, on a, on a motorcycle. And he landed it. And so he went hunting with us one time in Texas. And I said, Kenny, how, I mean, how much weed do you gotta smoke to get on a bike and think you can do a flip for the first time? He said, man, I just always thought I'd probably kill myself, but I'd tried.


I said, so you never thought you would land it? He said, no, I, every time I try a trick, I think I'm about to wad it up. I said, oh my God, how do you, how do you do that? And I'm thinking about me and my buddy Boo Bishop, building a BMX track and building a little something. We jumped over and thinking I'd be scared. They're like, Right, I could do this. Just jump over a little ramp. I've never Thought, yeah, jump the ramp. Like, I'm probably gonna crash. I always would think I could. And then when I crashed, I'd be, you know, like surprised. Like I can't believe that that hurt. You know? So I, Chuck and Kenny was the only guys I've ever thought that thought that, you know, I've, that's Weird psychology. I don't think that's the best way to approach it. Me either. I've walked up, wonder People Really good at it. Is there ever a comedian that walks out is like, Hey, I'm probably gonna bomb, but I'm gonna do it the best I can.


Or I'm gonna play this guitar the best I can. I don't know. I just always, Sometimes people talk like that, but I think they, they're, they're fishing for compliments, you know, For their own self. Yeah. I think, and I hope this works well. And then friends are like, come on man, you're fucking hilarious. Yeah. You're gonna kill it. Well, you think they might be like fishing for compliments. Yeah. You know, kinda like, you're tired and this third down and this like, dude Yeah. Come on man. Yeah. I'm gonna be open. Hit me. Yeah, you muster through. I know you're limping. Hit me. I'll go. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You need a little of that sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. I think these experiences that we have, that when we relay it to people, it, it, it's, it's one of the only places, like in podcasts, the only places where You can hear it this way.


And I think that's what we're battling against. We're battling against the media representations of hunting, which is almost entirely negative. And these perceptions that people have that hunters are cruel. And then, then, then there's this term trophy. Yeah. Like trophy. Yeah. Like that, that is the mule deer that I killed with ronne. That was the first Say. That's, that's awesome. Deer I Ever killed. I Love that. And you know, you could say this is not a trophy mule deer. It's not a very big mule deer as far as mule Deeres go. This is, you know, mature buck, but he's not a big one. Oh, he's, but he's beautiful. Yeah. But man, to me, this is, this is where it all started. Hundred percent. And this is a trophy. This is, it's a trophy, is if you went to a, a trophy unit and you shot a deer like this, people are like, what are you doing?


Yeah. Why'd you shoot this? Why didn't you hold out for a big mature one? But this is like the term trophy gets thrown around and, and unfortunately has a negative connotation. But it does, I think Ted puts it the best way. Ted Nugent. Yep. He says, he says, it's All the things. It's food, it's trophy, it's sport, it's all those things together. I agree. You know, I don't think of it as a sport like you said. I think the, the term sport, it's sports are awesome, don't get me wrong, but it's not significant enough. I agree. For, for what Hunting is a Hundred percent. I Agree with that. It's life. You're, you're taking a life, you're feeding yourself with that life.


It's more, it's more powerful than sport. And that's why I think way more. Yeah. When you call it this sport of hunting, I'm like, I don't like that term. I agree. I agree with that too. As a matter of fact, if there's any negative thing, I think the hunting industry and even TV shows that we produce can put a negative vibe potentially on trying to kill these big trophy animals. Yeah. Don't get me wrong. There's nothing wrong with it. I mean, you, you, you're hunting Utah in places we get a chance to hunt. Absolutely. You're looking for, in that case, a seven to 8-year-old bull. Right, right. You know, sometimes they might score three 20 to three 70. Right? At the end of the day, the trophy is for sure a mature animal. But you also gotta keep in perspective, especially if you grow up where I did where literally there's, you know, 10 guys shared a 300 acre property that they just wanna deer hunt and they're trying to get away.


Keep in mind they still managing a family. They're still dealing with the economy. They're still dealing with everyday strife of, man, how am I gonna get off work, still get my kid to soccer practice or football practice? My wife is pissed off. I hadn't even took her to Applebee's in the last three months. You know, and it's like, I, I didn't take the kids to, You know, Disney World and the only family picture we got in front of the shoney's big boy. So man, what am I gonna do? But in the back of my mind, I was like, I sure would like to get off maybe Saturday I could spend a little time and go over to the hunt, lease and hang out, maybe get a chance to shoot a deer. They're not necessarily thinking, I gotta kill a deer to put it in Pop Young and a Boone and Crockett, they're looking, it's more than just a hunt.


It is a getaway. It's a, I call it, it's a, it's a cheapest, You know, antidepressant, ENT You can get on to where You can clear your mind. You can get away, hopefully you can turn your phone off, get up in a tree stand or a saddle, whatever it is, whether you hunt public or private. And we miss that in the hunting industry so many times. And there's people that are literally busting their ass for their family. It's not a sport to hunt, but it's therapeutic. They grew up doing it to be able to sit around a fire with other men and women sometimes and get away to cleanse yourself of everything that's going on. And unfortunately, I think that's what drives people sometimes crazy in the, even in the city sometimes. I, I walked around Austin to today early, had me a ice breakfast and I just walked around and ended up running to this children's network that was trying to raise money where you can kind of adopt a kid and give 'em so much a month.


So man, I did, again, I talked to everybody. I just said, Hey man, what y'all selling over here? Like, oh man, normally people don't come up and talk to us. We have to sell them as a guy from Europe and, and a sweet girl. That was, you could tell that born and raised right around here. Anyway, with that said, I ended up, you know, I said, man, I wanna pledge some money every month. So I picked me out a kid in Guatemala. And so anyway, with that said about that time, here comes a, a street person and he is cussing me and her. And that fell out. I mean, the most viel words you could, I mean, cussing like a sailor, as they would say metaphorically. And I'm like, man, what's wrong with this guy? So I said, said, y'all get this a lot, you know, And it was just before I, not far from when I come over here and the girl said, yeah, we do get that a lot.


And the guy with the British accent, or the European accent said, You know, we get it quite a bit, you know, he said, but I think there's a bad batch of something right now. And I'm like, oh, really? He said, I, you know, he said, man, people have been really mean lately. They've been yelling and cussing and screaming at us. And well, by the time a guy comes back and he's like, U ERs I know everything and everybody's retarded. And I'm, and I'm like, and he's, he's right there. And it's at, and I'm at the point to where, man, You know, I ain't scared. And you can, and you can tell they experience it more than I do. And I'm sitting there watching this guy, and then all of a sudden he's just yelling, screaming. I said, Hey buddy. I said, just so You know, we on your side man, we love you, bro.


I said, you right, you know a lot more than people realize, you know, a hell of a lot more people realize. And I said, you cool? I'm on your team, so are they. And he said, I, And it was crazy, Joe. He looked right at him. He said, Thank you. He left. Wow. And, and it hit me. It was so weird. I got a little off track, what I was talking about hunting, but I thought, man, the dude don't even really wanna be understood. He wants to be heard. Right. And I thought, how ironic that I'm going to speak with Joe today. And anyway, the girl and the guy says, I've never seen that happen. Like that just got diffused. You treated him like a human. Yeah. And I said, and and, and sometimes it's almost like a, you know, I, you know, I, I've never figured out completely a, a lady, my wife, you know, I, sometimes it's always a game.


Like, and I've, I've learned that. I don't know that I'll ever understand exactly what it is she wants, but I know she wants me to hear and pay attention. And I think that's what society's doing, whether you're a hunter, whether you're from the city and, and, but overall, what I have found, whether you live in the city or the country, whether you get a chance to go to a rave or go to the mothership, which I hope to go by there at night. I just wanna check out the joint, You know? And, and, and so anyway, when it's all said and done, there's something about the peace and tranquility that you can refuel out in the woods and it brings everything to a, to a focal point. And, and, and you can be still and be quiet and it brings everything back. And so in reality, it's not about people gonna think of you different if you shoot the biggest high scoring animal that you can put in the Bapen Young or the Boone Crockett record books.


I think those of us, once we learn to respect each other's each other and, and love each other's goals, that Yeah. If I know that your goal is to shoot, say a three 90 bull that one day, you know, I'll get a call and you're gonna be hyperventilating and you're like, I just did it. Like what? Like, dude, I swear, you know, I, Well for people who don't understand why that's so interesting to us, it's because they're the most difficult ones to get because always they're the older, wiser ones. That's, that's, and also, yeah, when you look at it from a conservation standpoint, those are the ones that you want to hunt because those are the ones who spread their genes and they're probably about to get taken out by nature anyway. Correct. If you get an 8-year-old elk, or a 9-year-old elk, or a 10-year-old elk, oh, that's, how many years did they have left?


I shot one 10-year-old elk once his teeth were worn down. Holy cow. Almost nothing. Holy cow. Just an old tank Tank. How much, how much time did he have left, if not much? Most likely he was gonna either starve to death or freeze death or get stabbed in a fight with another elk. Yep. He'd get stabbed and wind up Mountain lion. Jump on him. Yep. Yep. Mountain lion jump on him or freeze to death or, you know, a number of other very, very cruel endings that, I mean, I shot that elk at 40 yards. It was a perfect shot. He was down in 15 seconds. It was Holy cow. It was no tracking. Holy cow. So it's like that elk died the best way. Yes, he did. Possible. Yes he did. And he's not, he's not, they don't live forever and become angels. And that is a's very good death compared to Yes.


A pack of wolves or mountain lions starting to eat on you sometimes before they're even deceased. That happens. There's so many videos that, Especially bears. Oh, bears are brutal, man. Oh, bears are very brutal and selfish animals. Man, isn't You crazy? Like hunting bears is the thing you get the most hate for. Oh, Everybody thinks they're cuddly. I mean, I don't know if it's a Winnie the Poo type of thing. A Hundred percent, but It's like Teddy bears and yogi and all that shit, we're all distorted. Like when people say you've hunt bears, I go, I've eaten bears, I've eaten three bears. They're delicious. Yeah. Like, what you eat bears? I'm like, I'll make you some bear sausage and I'll tell you what, you will fucking love it. If, if, especially if I don't tell you what it is. You go, what is this? This is great. Yeah. Did it's like, it seems like beef, but different.


And then if they knew how a bear's personality was Oh yeah. They would want, I mean, you got these, they'd wanna kill 'em. Oh, they, they'll kill their own kids. Oh yeah. And eat 'em to breed mama to eat 'em. I mean Oh yeah. It's, it's just a, it's a brutal world. And I, I, you know, I, there was things before I even had a chance to hunt that I recognize just domestically, you know, I, You know, raising rabbits, You know, You know, those rabbits would sometimes kill the, the little baby rabbits for the right and opportunity to breed again. Yeah. Real quick with the, with the female in the pen, you know. And I realized, and my pawpaw said, you gotta separate them. That Buck Rabbit killed that. I'm like, man, I didn't know that. You know, I'm 10, 11 years old trying to figure out how to raise some rabbits or watching hogs, you know, pigs he'd always had on a raised floor pen, he'd have raise up a few hogs.


Man, them jokers are trying to kill each other. Mean, you know, who Does it? Dolphins, Dolphin. Are they brutal like that? Oh, dolphins, we think of them as sweet, intelligent. They commit infanticide All the time. And what dolphin females have to do is they have to breed with as many males as possible. Because when a female dolphin has babies, she has to take care of that baby for about six years. So when the male dolphins recognize a female with babies and they don't know that female, those are not his babies. Yeah. He'll kill those babies so that that female dolphin will breed. So he wants to breed her So she will breed with everybody possible. So nobody knows who the babies are. And so since they're intelligent, they understand that they've, they've bred with that female before, so that could be their, their babies so they don't kill 'em.


So basically All the dolphins are hoes. All hoes Ho Yeah. That's how they have to be, otherwise their babies get killed. So they've adopted this polyamorous strategy to try to, to keep the male dolphins from killing the babies. Well that's amazing. I mean, you watch the breeding season during elk, like you was talking about those elk fighting and ironically, they never, they never get things confused. Tho those males are looking for the females. Oh yeah. The females know that I'm gonna breed with this dude and Yep. Strongest survive. And they are, You know, a lot of people say, oh, they're really not trying to kill each other. No, you wasn't out there. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't watch this on that geo this, they're trying to murder each other. Oh, I've seen some amazing epic elk fights and some of the greatest things to see in nature.


These big 800 pound animals running at each other with swords growing outta their heads. That clash. It sounds like an old clash, like some kind of Scottish fight back in the 14 hundreds or something. Right. Like a, like a sword fight almost. Yeah. It's like cracking baseball bats together against each other. And you hear it loud, you're like, oh shit, they're fighting. And you go Over there and watch it, it gives you cold chills. Oh, it's amazing. It's, it's crazy to watch the brutality of it And you know, you'll find them occasionally dead. Yeah. Because one of 'em had stabbed one, we, we found one, I think I have video of it on my phone. He had a, we were hunting him, he had a six inch tie sticking out of his neck. Holy cow. It was broken off, sticking out of his neck and he's still running his cows and bugling.


I'm sure I have it. It's, I I, I had, we had the same similar thing in New Mexico this year. Nick Mut, who's Hunts one of my best friends, we hunt a lot together. He shot a good bull. Like first morning I was called And it was classic man bull come in, he shot it and we were caping him out there on the side of the hill. And, and all of a sudden he said, look here man. He had a, he had a tie again about four inches And it was broke off just right. All puffed up. Yeah. Nasty. And this dude still come in. Yeah. I'm gonna send Jamie this, this picture because it's so, or the video 'cause it's so crazy. It's, it's so cool though to see that and, and, and experience it. And I, I think it's sad that most people don't know and there's a lot of very smart people that in some cases they think it might be a little beneath them to, to understand what maybe hunting is truly about other than maybe what they see on a Walt Disney movie.


Yeah. And I think that has definitely kind of fueled me to be able to help educate and talk about those things. And I know Ronella has done an amazing job of introducing that to, and there's a lot of great ambassadors we got right now doing that. Yeah. There, it's a great time to be educated about this and it's a great time. And there's a lot of people that have gotten it really interested in hunting from those kind of conversations with Brunell and with Cam. No doubt. And yourself, no doubt. How did you eventually get started doing? 'cause like that's every young guy's dream that has ever hunted, like, oh my God, imagine like making a living, doing that. Like that's what I would love to do. Oh man. Like how did you, how did you pull that off? One of, one of the coolest stories actually, and only in America, you don't hear the story in Turkmenistan.


But I, you know, I, I grew up obviously, like I said, rule I love to hunt and fish. Very simple. My dad was a contractor, so I really thought that, that I wanted to maybe work with my dad or do what he did hands-on labor. I knew I didn't wanna be in office anyway. I tried to keep it short, but it basically, what I ended up doing is just enthralled. My mom passed away when I was young, 16. And so my dad and I become more like brothers and my dad, he had a ninth grade education, hardest working man I've ever been around. And, and so anyway, we, we loved to hunting, fishing, and to become therapeutic. And so we got an, I got a Turkey calling and had won some contests and met some of, you know, my Turkey calling heroes. And that's where I met Bill Jordan and David Blanton.


And I started guiding when I was probably 19. So, and then one thing led to another, started working full-time there at Realtree and just as a guide, as a camera guy, they had that show on TNN. And so I was just literally camera jockeying it from skin and deer guiding Turkey hunters. And it was David Blanton who said, man, you know, there's a lot more you could do. And so I, I, I kind of by default, Joe, how I got lucky too was when I hooked up with those guys, David Lan and Bill, I got to do some of the Turkey calling tips 'cause I had won some contest. And so even back on TNNI was this young kid and they were like, Hey, we need a, we need a tip. You know, the TNN tip of the week, You know, brought to you by Phil line packs, you know, something.


They're like, you know, hey man, I'm Michael Wa I wanna talk to you about yelping at turkeys. I ain't know nothing about tv. So it was never top of mind like one day, right. I'll be hunting on tv. I was just thinking, man, I love this enough that maybe I can do the, I can work for this company. And they, and I remember they paid me a hundred dollars a day to go guide somebody Turkey hunting. And I told my dad, said, man, I'm about to get rich And listen to this. They'll pay you this thing called mileage. I had no beat up Toyota truck four cylinder. I said, dad, that them suckers will pay me a a mileage. I forgot what it is, but heck, if I drive an hour, I make money. You know, they pay you and then if you stop at convenience store, you keep your receipt and they'll pay for your snacks.


Everything. I couldn't believe that. 'cause I grew up with my dad working, you know, like, oh, Tim just fell off the roof. Like well call his, let's call his wife, tell him to come get him. And you know, my dad would be, oh, you all right? And like, oh, I think I broke my leg. Hell, You know, it's like, well dang, well you probably ain't be here tomorrow, are you? I was like, you know, I don't, I doubt it. I mean it was just rough, almost cowboy shit, You know? Yeah. And so I couldn't believe this, You know, and, and so one thing led to another and that was in the early nineties, right outta high school. And I'm 51 now, and that was in the early nineties. And in 1994 and five everything started heating up. And in 96, David Blanton offered me a full-time job to work in production slash guy.


I had to be so Surreal. It was to be able to make a living doing this thing that you love, couldn't believe when no one even thought it was a job when you were a kid. Yeah. It was not a thing you aspire to. No. And my family took it hard. My grandma grandmom and my uncles were like, I might as well just got on crack, been on the street, they were like, I'd went to heating and air school and got a degree and worked a gear with Badger's heating cooling outta bar out of Ze in Georgia. And I had me, a truck had my name on it, you know, Michael, you know, and had me, my refrigeration tools and every Christmas my dad, oh boy, I got you another flowering kit. I mean just blue collar culture. And all of a sudden, you know, I'm coming in telling the family like, Hey, I don't know if I'm going keep doing the heating and air deal.


You're like, what? Like, you got a truck son, you got your own uniform, you know, you, you got benefits? I'm like, yeah, but there's this camouflage company wanting me to take Dale Earnhardt Turkey hunting, and, and my dad was the only one that got it. Everybody else was like, it was an intervention. Like I'd go to Christmas and like, Hey nephew, lemme pull you aside now. You know, you can't make a living at this hunting and fishing thing. You know, like, you know, like, well I, I don't know, but I'm young and man, this would be really cool. I love this more than anything. But it was kind of that whole situation of it Wasn't a job before. It Wasn't a job. And, and I, and I, and I was trusting him, but I was sitting there thinking like, I'm pretty sure Bill Jordan's rich.


I mean, he's, I saw him with a Mercedes, he had a Mercedes Benz and matter of fact, there's a real funny story about that Mercedes Benz. But I, I, I couldn't believe it. And so my grandmom was like, son, I, when you get tired of this, it's gonna have fun with it, but come back to it almost no different than if you're a young kid. Like, I'm going to Nashville, I wanna play guitar and sing. Right? Maybe I can be the next Luke Bryan. Yeah. And somebody in the family was like, oh, when it gets right, he'll come back, jump in the family of the business, start putting these shingles on the roof, you know? Yeah. He'll get back in the sheet rocking, just give him a chance. Hell, he was one of the best concrete guys I knew that kid would work, he could run a bull float like a some bitch, You know? And so I I, that was me. And, and all of a sudden they offered me a full-time job.


Wasn't a lot of money. And I remember going back and saying, you know, hey, they got all these things, 4 0 1 KI got benefits help, I got I and dental and I get to go on all these epic trips and I met amazing people hunting with people that I was just shell-shocked. I remember I met Leonard Skynyrd band in a NASCAR suite one time the Madis ever got at Bill Jordan Madis I ever got it. Of course, you know, Ronnie was, had passed on and half the members, but it was Johnny Van Zant And it was Rossington. And I'm sitting there, a redneck kid in the, at Atlanta Motor Speedway, like, I can't believe it. There's Mark Martin's wife and couple. I'm like, man, I have made it and I'm over chicken fingers and bro.


So all of a sudden I look, the door opens and there was just people in and there, it's the Lynyrd Skynyrd band looked just like, you know, like what I pictured. And I'm like, oh my God, You know, I'm freaking out. And Bill said, Hey, hey, that ain't tell a band. I said, that's not only a band that's Lynyrd Skynyrd. And Bill Jordan said, what are they saying? I said, I swear to God, I ain't never hit my boss, but I'm about to knock you out, You know, are you kidding me? And, and I never forget, I went over there and I, I was just, you know, I got a chance to meet him. But so many people I met and I couldn't believe it. And one thing led to another and really what the biggest break I had was David Blanton, who was like a, ah, big brother, I mean like a, like a father.


And he was just such a good guy, good Christian Guy, good hunter. Outdoor channel was just coming on. Outdoor channel was really kind of coming on. But at the time, you know, the, the kind of beat your chest kind of pride was the fact that you could be on ESPN and our TNN and then TNN had been through a situation where, I think it was Viacom had some big merger, it was part of the MTV thing. And so they quickly through their kind of culturally said, Hey, we need to kind of do away with this hunting thing. These guys are killing stuff. And it become the Nashville, it was the Nashville network, then it becomes the national network, then it becomes Spike tv. Yeah. And so everything moved over All the, the big Sunday night block move over to ESPN, but you couldn't show impact.


Well, about that time they started the outdoor channel on cable tv. They were looking for distribution. And so it was David Blan and he said, Michael, we need to come up with a cool hook and we need to create a show over on Outdoor channel. And so getting back to meeting these people And what I found it was fascinating. And it's just the same with these conversations. You have these people that you just look up to. Yeah. You meet some people that are interesting and weird, but for the most part you're like, wow, these guys are super cool, super talented. And that's what I was finding when I would run into a country singer. I remember Mark Chestnut sitting around and drinking whiskey and him playing a guitar and singing Hank William Jr. Song, running into bofu, running into, you know, to Lynyrd Skinner and all those guys.


And I'm like, man, these guys are so down to earth and cool. And I realized that there was more to this hunting than just the staunch, you know, here we go with the Encinitas rat, right? Today we're hunting the mesquite flats of Encino, You know? Right. With the coyotes abundant, there's a big buck around the corner, the how are you gonna do? Yeah. And it was just like, at the time it was classic so sanitized though. It was so sanitized. Everybody was starched. Yeah. You go to a hunting show everybody had on khakis. I mean, it's almost like we, it was a facade. And, and I remember telling David Blan and I said, I think what we're missing is the, the culture and the fun. And everybody was very serious. And you should be serious if you're gonna go take a bow and arrow or a rifle and take the life of a wild animal.


But the camp life was so amazing, and we'd have different personalities, different NFL athletes, we would have comedians, people like Jeff Foxworthy. And I was just so pleased that these people that I adored and was big fans of was people that you could sit around and, and have a glass of sweet tea or a cold beer and, and just laugh. And they were as real, possibly more entertaining and person, kinda like you talk about Theo, people ask if he's really funny. Well, you should have, should have been with us at this UFC fight. We couldn't even watch the fight. The guy's, you know, cracking us up. And so I told David, I said, I think most of these people, if we could do a show kind of documenting just the camp life and the real reality of how much fun you have, I think we could sell that fun. And so David said, do it.


He said, he said, matter of fact you host it. And I'm like, no, no, no. I'm not coming in here to pitch you to, for me to host a show, you know, behind the scenes. I'll guide, I'll run camera, I help edit produce. I, he had sent me to Maine, to this international film and art school to learn how to edit on non-linear, the first Avid. Oh wow. I'm up there like, dude, I'm big dog. I mean, I got my business card. Like, yeah, I, I work for Real tree, you know, outdoor on TNN, You know, I'm, I'm over there. And I found out that was where it really hit me, that a lot of people didn't like hunting. Like, oh my God, you kill animals. And I had all these beta tapes and I remember I had Dale Earnhardt killer, the deer on there. And I told the instructor, I said, I need to learn how to put this in the computer and build a hunt out of it. 'cause everything was ab B roll editing.


And I knew how to do that pretty good. I said, but I need to learn how to do it on its non-linear. He said, oh my God, we never, we struggled to get footage. Y'all got these $80,000 cameras. 'cause Bill was one of the first people to buy these really high dollar beta cameras that was out videoing with and putting 'em in the wild. And so, anyway, as that, as I showed the footage, he said, man, can we use this and let the class use this footage as a project to build storylines? 'cause I had the cutaways, you know, back then you'd, you'd shoot the animal, you'd video that, then you'd go back, okay, push your safety off like now. Like, you'd pretend. You'd pretend. Yeah. So it was like a reenactment. Now, now let's go back and build a pre hunt, you know, and it'd be like Dale Earnhardt walking through the forest with his gargles on, or however, and he's camouflaged.


Like, yeah, we're going down here to a ridge flat. A lot of acres up there. And, well, the deer has been dead a long time ago, obviously by the time we shot that. And so he loved that, the instructor, 'cause it gave us a chance to put the storyline. And I thought, man, I'm gonna be the hero. You know, all these little girls up here in Maine, and I ain't never seen a lot of people with purple hair and stuff. And I could tell it was kind of that cool hippie trend And it was artsy. And, but in my mind I'm like, I'm just, I'm just having a good time. And anyway, dude, immediately, Joe, that it become a protest. There was two or three people stood in the class like, we're not using this. We cannot, we will walk out. These animals are getting dead if you can prove these animals were not harmed. And I'm like, no, they're all dead.


They ain't harm. I mean, they're dead. I mean, the, the, and finally I had a, like, a little bit of a meltdown. 'cause that was one of the first times that it really hit me where I had a mass of people saying, you know, almost felt like the antichrist. 'cause I'm the guy killing a deer. Right? Right. And I thought it was gonna be the opposite. Right? I was ready to name drop. Like, look, I got Dale Earnhardt, I videoed shoot. Right? I was shred the name drop. And it just all, You just had never experienced anti-hunting. Never. And so I learned that. And then one thing led to another. I remember went to the instructor, I said, man, look, I, I, I'm, I'm a little bit bothered. I, you know, it is what it is. But even if you have to teach me after class, I need to learn how to do this. I, I'm not doing, I'm a student, but I come up here. My employer sent me up here. I gotta learn how to do this. So I came back pretty efficient as a, as a nonlinear editor.


All of it. Didn't have any desire to know that that's what I wanted to do. But I was just wanting to, you know, sweep the warehouse. You want me to edit, you want me to take somebody hunting? You need me to put up a fence, skin a buck, you know, whatever. And then when David gave me that opportunity to do real tree road trips back in the day, it was in 2003, it aired. We shot it in 2002. That's when everything for me, because it was all about personality, it was all about having fun. And that's kind of, we kind of come up with the tagline. This is a different kind of hunting show. Well, You were the first guy to bring fun and personality to hunting television. Oh Yeah. We tried so hard. You know, we were Wanna be real. You were the first guy. It looked like you were having a good time with your friends. It wasn't this stuffy presentation.


Right. Of like hunting. Like here he goes in the wild of Montana, You know, he won't go far Where grizzly bears abound, you know? Yeah. Hunting for the elusive mule deer. Exactly. You know, it wasn't the Lar white tail uses secondary scrapes as he approaches his staging area. Yeah, exactly. You, you were having a good time. You were laughing and cutting up and, and I think that's what made you famous in that world. It's like you were representative of what people really liked is just someone having a good time and enjoying themselves, which is really what a lot of the hunting is. It's a lot of bonding and comradery. Like the camp time is almost as fun as the hunting time. Oh. You know? And you're all just sort of winding down at the end of the day, having a good time together, relaxing and telling stories and laughing.


And It was, and, and even to this day, it's kind of still where we kind of settle in and it is like, You know, honestly, I'm not really trying to out hunt anybody, but we'll try to out fund everybody. And so if you, You know, if you come to camp, You know, and this myself, big old T-bone, he, you know, he lost his leg. So he's not hunting with us as much. He can't, he can't get around to, to cancer. He lost his leg. And then, but Nick and I, I mean, we're going to have a good time. And if you desire to get serious, which we do encourage, Hey, it's time to buckle down. There's a time for fun. Right. There's a, there's a time to, to haunt it in. But we just make tried our best to make it fun. And I've learned that if you do that and you can make friends, that's the biggest form of the trophy you'll ever get.


Yes. Yeah. That's a trophy. But the stories you got with sitting with Ella and the people around the camp and that experience, you meet people from all over the country, in our case, the world. And then next thing you know, it's like even more special. And so I, I know people, I I say it a lot. I know people that's got some amazing trophy rooms, but they're lonely. They dusty and they really ain't made a lot of friends because they were so beaten in their chest to kill the next biggest thing. Yeah. That they forgot that the trophy is relationships and, and the adventure. And yes, inevitably this, this deer that's hanging on the wall that your family has enjoyed over a period of sometimes a year, sometimes it'll take you a year or two to eat elk. Right.


A full elk. It's a lot of meat. But I don't know, man. It's just, it's, it's just an amazing journey. And I I, I mean it, I never felt like I was that talented is, other than the fact I just had a lot of good work ethic my dad put in me and I was really, had a passion for it. And, and I didn't have really any weird opposition pulling me away from it. It pulled me toward it. But growing up, so rural and blue collar, I had to prove to my family that there was a livelihood here. Because they literally looked at it like, Juan need to get that boy drug tested. I don't know. He listen to this, he thinks he's going to video deer hunts. That's what he thinks. And he's gonna skin a few, he's gonna take a few celebrities hunting and he's gonna get free camo.


But you can't eat that camo. You know, you, you, yeah. And I ain't gonna buy to Salisbury Steak. How you gonna go to Bonanza? You know? Well, it's Interesting because fun and personality and comradery are infectious. It it, like people, they're, they're drawn to it, but it's not something you can manufacture. You either have a great personality or you don't, but having a great personality is very marketable. So it's kind of a weird sort of catch. Like, You can't pretend you're that person 'cause people won't buy it. You have to actually Yeah. For the reason why it worked with you is 'cause this is who you really are. That's you. Right. And so you didn't even know you had this thing that was marketable.


I No, it was just you being a person that, It's a great point because to this day I'll go to, and it's, I, 'cause I'm now, you know, when I, I know you love classic cars and I hear about the things you talk about and, and obviously I'm a big fan of, of the podcast. And so one thing that draws me in is the fact that culturally we're into the same things. You know, Rubik's cubes and eighties. And I always, my favorite car was the 70 super sport, you know, Chevelle. And so when I have one of those, dude, I, I, I black with white stripes. Oh my God, I love it. The same one like on John Wick basically. Yes, exactly. That's the 70. Yeah. So anyway, I I I was just so, just a, a amazed by, I don't know, it is just a all of it.


And, and, and, and even now, when I meet people, that's the first thing they'll say after we hang out. And I just had it up at Cactus Jack with, with Cameron. I had two or three of the guys like, Hey man, and these are older guys. Like, appreciate you waddle, man, you just like, I thought you'd be, and it, and it kind of takes me back. It's not offensive, but I'm like, what, what was I supposed to be? And I, I guess I realize, and Cameron and I have talked a lot about that, about like, it's odd that there is a thing that is fake. Yeah. That people can't be transparent. Yeah. That people can't just talk their feelings. And everything we say don't mean our assessment is always correct, but at least it is something to be heard and told. And then at the more you talk, I think that's what reshaped the politics this year. When you look at Trump coming on jd Yeah, Harris passed.


Well, it proves like, well, did you really have something to say? And could it be valid? And could you be real? And everybody I think appreciates real, even if they don't like the person that they see necessarily as, as real. And now everything's in question. It's like, you know, it's like these rappers, are they really as tough as they say? Right. Is was, did he gay? I thought this dude, I thought he had done shot more stuff than I have, you know? And it's like, you know, I don't know. I don't know. It's just like, it's, Yeah. Well, when, when people ask me All the time, like, oh, you met Jelly Roll, what's he like? He's exactly like, you hope You like That's right. That's why he is popular. That's a, that's a genuine, real human being.


Exactly. Like Luke Bryan. Exactly. Just like you, like funny, goofy, good, cool cat, You know? Yeah. Luke comb, same thing. That's exactly who he is. And that's what people are worried about that someone not being like that. Like, you see someone who's real fun on TV and they're real friendly, and then you meet him in real life, like, oh, that guy's an asshole. He's mean to waitresses. And, you know, he is shitty to the fucking, the, the valet driver. You know, it's you, you want people to be what you hope them to be, but oftentimes you're prepared for them to not be that. Yeah. You, you represent that too, Joe. It's like, I, you know, I remember going to Utah and hunting and I was like, Hey man, you know, this is before I ever knew I'd get a chance to meet you and talk with you. And, and I said, how's Joe? And they was like, and, and then first thing I ask Cameron's like, dude, he's unbelievable.


So you meet and you are that person and, and a and a question for you, I I've often wondered, do you think that's starting to affect Hollywood a little bit to where now if you look at the most successful people, it is the realest people. You know, people might not even like say Donald Trump, people are gravitated. 'cause they think, Hey man, this is him. Yeah. This is real. So I think the best thing for people in Hollywood that are entrenched in that world is to shut the fuck up. 'cause as soon as they start talking people, like as soon as Robert De Niro starts talking, I'm like, Jesus, get that fucking microphone away from him. Yes. So I can enjoy Taxi driver. Yeah. Right. It's heartbreaking. Yeah. It's heartbreaking. Yeah. I Don't wanna hear, I love Dero. I love those mob movies. It's Like, I don't want to hear him, that he's a moron.


I don't want to hear him talking about politics and about Trump supporters and just shut the fuck up, man. Yeah. Like, you didn't think this through. Like this is, and he's getting yelled at. He is doing an outside press conference. Like, Robert, you're 80 years old, don't ruin this thing. You've had this life where you were a fucking raging bull. You know, you were the Yes. You were in the Godfather. Like, stop, stop, stop doing this. I know, man. Don't do this. I'm ter I'm terrified to meet some of those people I looked up to. Now. You Should be, I mean, like, I, I've met a few of them and unfor it's actors in particular because their whole business is pretend. Yeah. Their whole business is pretend you know, one of the things about guys like Theo or comedians, you run into comedians, their business business is the opposite of pretend.


It's real. Their their business is just being a real person talking shit. Yeah. They're professional shit talkers. Yeah. You know, having fun, being silly, talking shit about things. And actors are not that. They're weird people, man. And the one thing that's harming them in Hollywood is that they get exposed for being who they really are. And a lot of these people that pretend to be all, you know, clean cut and Yeah. You can find out they're into freaky shit. And, you know, it's like, And it's easier to expose stuff now. 'cause social media, I'm sure, like back in the day, I can only imagine, oh God, the car, imagine that Wayland Jennings and Merle Haggard. Can you, oh, some of these pictures on the wall in here. Can you imagine some of the stuff they didn't have to worry about?


Nobody. Right? I mean, so there was really Rock stars, ly Skynyrd, Can you Imagine Led Zeppelin, all those people, the parties, Hendricks. Oh yeah. Jim Maron crazy. Oh God. Craziness and no accountability, Nothing. And all they gotta do is like, I wa I was not there. Prove it. Yeah. And now, yeah, Now It's, you can't go on an elk cut and everybody knows you're there. Well, everybody's Got a fucking camera in their pocket. Everybody, Everything is being filmed and so many people get exposed for who they really are. It's, it's weird, but it's also probably good for humanity. It's good for, that's one of the things that I think is the rise of podcasts, is people get to see real people having real conversations. And yeah, some people can do it and some people can't. And I think the Harris thing was, they were worried that she couldn't, I think they, I think they made a good assessment that she couldn't, I don't know, Man.


I mean, I mean, I've seen her have fun with people. There's this one very funny conversation where she's talking about meeting her in-laws for the first time where her mother-in-law grabs her face. And it's, it's really funny. It's, it's funny listening to her saying she's laughing hard, but a real laugh this time. Maybe She could now though. Maybe, maybe, maybe she's so, if there is a machine, because you know what is, it's fair to say, even on Harris, I'll say this, or Kamala. Kamala. And, and that's what's amazing to me. I didn't think she had a chance to win because I didn't even know. I still don't know what her name is. I mean, I dunno, what the hell is it Kamala? Kamala? I don't, I Think it's Kamala. It's Kamala. Well, it's like, well, I I I'm probably gonna screw it up. It's like, you know, and then CN N's gonna be like, yeah, you hear Rogan didn't even call her name.


Right, right. You know, it's like it's, but at the end of the day, maybe now that she's under, out of that whole situation, because you know, you see, You know, and I think the world's changing, like where record producers and stuff are controlling music And you know, if you're gonna get on a radio station to where, you know, everybody walks a tightrope, you have to kind, you're working for this machine, Hollywood, I'm sure the same way you got people that I can't, I remember Ted Nugent tells a story, was it Kurt Russell? He was one of his best friends was Kurt Russell. And Kurt likes to hunt. And, and this was Ted just telling me in a hunting camp. And I asked him, I said, man, You know, how is Kurt, you know, I love his movies too. I'm a big fan. He said, dude, Kurt is amazing. He said, but he had to, to a degree during that timeframe, bow to that machine because he couldn't do these things.


So I think now it's like, you don't know what's real because you don't know if they are trying to do this for a career. Right. Or if they can be real. And then at times, okay, I believe Dero in his case is finally his true colors. And finally like, I'm enough to where I can be real. But the real you do see in him, I'm like, go back to being fake. Just go back to being fake. I don't wanna see this asshole. You really Are. I know. I don't want to hear someone lecturing me that I just, oh, it's so sad. Ah, It's sad. It's Crazy. But I think real conversa, like celebrities were always people that were on a pedestal and you didn't think of him as real people. You know, you never got to see John Wayne having long form conversations No.


Where he explains his position on this or that. You just never saw any of that. And I think more of that is being exposed now. And I think it's probably good for all of us to not have these ridiculous perceptions of these people and think of them as being larger than life characters. Correct. They're just humans. Correct. They're just regular people. They're all just human beings. And some, some of these regular human beings are really fucking good at playing bad guys. But you meet 'em in real life and they're real super sweet. They're really nice people. They're just good at their job. Their job is pretending to be an asshole. That's right. You know, you know, and it's what we, we, the more conversations we have, the more conversations that we're, that we have access to, the more we get to see the patterns of how human beings think and behave.


And the more we get to see what we like and generally what we like is nice people being real. That I totally agree. That's What people like. And, and that perspective you shine. You know, obviously you got a lot of respect for Mike Tyson. I think he's the baddest boxer. Toughest, I mean, idolized him as a boxer. I didn't know much about him as a man or what he was going through at the time, but like, when it come time to watch a boxing bout, oh yeah. Tyson's on the card. There was no one like him. But what a sweetheart. Yeah. Of a man. You know, I've listened to, I listened to it. And just the things he says, he's so sweet that, you know, he says things that you don't even know if he's funny. Like he was talking about, you know, Joe, you, you know, you ever get erected when you fight. You know? And, and they'll think, I think you giggled.


And he is like, no, I'm serious. You know? And I'm like, whoa. You know, whoa. And all I, all I'm sitting here thinking is like, I, I feel you. Tyson I was hunting elk in, You know, New Mexico and bull come bugling, and I was kind of getting like $5 worth of jawbreakers it was getting there. 'cause I was getting excited about this adrenaline of this elk. So, okay, you doing it? Fighting. But in my mind, I thought it was kind of a joke too. But he's such a sweet, deep thinker. He's a sweet guy. But there's a, there's a monster in there, dude. And he could hit that switch. He's Scary. Yeah. Still scary. He scared the shit outta me, me, him the first time. Like, I think Kevin Hart was the first one to say it. He said it was like, it's like you're in the room with a lion.


It's like, you're like, okay, is That he Probably thin is this is lying cool. He is not gonna kill me. Okay. You know? Yeah. It's like Jesus. But it was, there's certain people that I meet that like, you know, I I meet him are like, I can't believe I'm in the room with Quentin Tarantino. Like, that is bizarre. That was, there's a few of those people that you meet him, you know, like Trump's one of those people. Yeah. I mean, you're like, oh, he's Right there. Ama presence is hang, undeniable, hang That guy. Un unlike anybody else can be himself. Yes. That guy can be himself no matter what. He can be himself at press conferences. He could be himself on a podcast. That's a huge strength that he could be himself. You either like who he is or you dislike who he is. But you have to respect that that guy can be himself. He is.


And guess what, the more you talk about somebody like Donald Trump, like him or love him, he has pretty much as now, you know, the s second time he's gonna be president, he is accessible to the people in, in a weird way. Meaning I had a chance to even meet Trump. He talking about the hunting history. He came to Las Vegas. We used to have this thing called a Golden Moose Awards. And I knew Donald Junior, he was a big hunter. And anyway, the word got out that, hey Trump, this is prior to the election, the 16 election. He, he came to Las Vegas to say, Hey man, there's, there's 13 to 15 million hunters out there. I need to see where they see what the situation is here. I think they're good people. And I hear this from my sons, Eric and Donald.


So he, he comes there and, and I had a chance to meet him. And same thing, it was like, wow, this is before he is president, but he's still Donald Trump. And, and I remember, I didn't know much if I could, You know, in my mind, is this the guy I'm gonna vote for? He was still in the primaries, but I remember the first thing he said to me, he said his Donald Jr. Introduced me to him, said, dad, You know, this is Michael Waddell. He works in the hunting industry. He does hunting shows. He said, man, immediately so nice. But I remember with the words he said, that I knew he wasn't a politician was real. He said, so you do a lot of hunting. And I, I can't do their impression, but I said, yes sir. I I love it. That's all I love to do. He said, I'm not good at it. I don't have the patience. My son, they're very efficient.


They're very efficient, they're very good. They, they hunt all around the world. And he, he said, but I got a question. These wolves, what's the deal with the wolves? They're killing a lot of shit. And I said, Mr. Trump, it really is a problem. I got friends and ranchers out there, these wolves, they reintroduced 'em. They spent a, they spent millions of taxpayers dollars out there. And this is in my mind, if I am playing this role of inferior or redneck or insecure, in my mind, I'm trying to talk humbly to kind of help him know what I know. Some friends out in Colorado have gone through from cattle to domestic problems to the elk population. He said, well, the simple, if they're causing a problem, we need to do something about the wolves.


And I remember thinking, I'm voting for this dude. I'm voting for this dude. I don't care what he's talking about grabbing, because I'd been to a few little nonprofit, you know, in Washington DC with lobbyists and stuff where we're trying to get some money from a bill for the NWTF and Broden habitat or Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation. And I found most of the politicians were decently fake, almost similar to a California LA actor type of deal. Very similar, where it's like, okay, if I need to be nicest guy, I will be. But yeah, I need to figure out who he is and if he's got credentials And what power he has. Yes. And so for me, here I am feeling like I'm the lowest person in this room. All these other guys are, you know, heads of major corporations within the hunting industry. And I'm just this guy who likes to Turkey and it's got this show on the outdoor channel, and I'm getting a chance to shake his hand, but he's just as real with me as he is the guy who maybe is maybe the richest guy in the room, or possibly the most famous guy in the room.


And I found that fascinating that he was that way. On the other hand, I'm over there talking to a senator at Washington DC at all, at a party a lobbyist put together. And he is like, everything, like, good to meet you. I, I too like to hunt and so gratifying to see fake person, the sunrise. And I'm like, Just a fake person. Just Come. Yeah. Weird, right? Yeah. It's weird when you're around them because like, what if you're capable of talking to people fake like this? What are, what other things? What are you Capable of? Yeah, yeah. You're a strange human. That's exactly right. And your whole aspiration is to like stay fake and to make as much money money possible while being fake. Exactly. And the whole time, again, I never dug into politics. I'm like, I'm talking to a guy that once I do go back in Google, he come into office, he was making, You know, he's making as a senator, I don't know what, 50 to a hundred grand a year.


And now he's worth, and it's all he is ever done. Now he's worth $10 billion. $10 million. Like Right. How, like, where'd that come from? I don't think my grandmama would understand that either. Nobody Understands that. It's like so transparent and it's right in front of your face. Like the Nancy Pelosi situation, she's never made more than $175,000 a year. She's worth a hundred and something million dollars. How does that happen? It's like Corruption. Corruption. It only happens through corruption and it's transparent legal corruption. It's very strange. And It's on both sides. It happens. Oh yeah. Everywhere. Yeah. If you look at the stock trading and the red versus blue, they're both right up there. They're all, they all, Martha, they all have inside information. They're all And they put Martha Stewart in jail for it, didn't they?


Yes. Well, they actually put her in jail for lying. She lo lied to federal investigators. That's what they Ah, I gotcha. But it was Comey. It was the same guy, same who went after Trump. It's real wild. It's real wild when you see what it really is all about. And there's politics on both sides and it's, it's not a right or a left thing. It's a power and corruption thing. And it's, I I feel like there is a little bit of momentum that feels like there's a little bit of a cleansing process. It's gonna take a long time, I think, to get there. But I think everything that's happening now, it feels through opportunities and outlets like this that people can talk and people can understand what's real in fiction or at least debate.


Yeah. It, it seems like everything from, I don't know, the, the political world to just everything about the truth about whether it's hunting and fishing, the truth about the cosmos possibly. Yeah. You know, some of the stuff about ancient civilization to, to, You know, people and, and people that, that love Jesus Christ. You can really dig deep and you can have good conversations and it's not just dictated by a certain machine. And Yeah. I love that. Do, that's pretty amazing that all of us can come together Yeah. And have a conversation. Pretty Cool. Yeah. It's, it's a good time. It's a crazy time to be alive, but I think it's a beautiful time. Oh, It's, it's a amazing man. I really do. And, and, and, and only in America baby. I swear. Only In America.


Yeah. Only In America. I have more hope for this country right now after this election than I've had in a long, long time. In a long time. I do too. It feels like with this crew of people with JD Vance and Elon Musk and RFK Jr. And Tulsi Gabbard and Vive Rema Swami, I think there's a real chance that things can change, real chance that we can expose some of the deep seated corruption, some of the problems that we've had in this country and and move us onto a better path. I do too. And I find I still got friends that are diehard Democrats and pretty darn liberal, believe or not even me, that that works in the hunting industry. And even them, I feel a sense of almost like, ah, Yeah, I was having a conversation with a friend of mine from New York about this, and he's liberal, but he was like, listen, everybody pretends that they're mad that Trump won, but there's a, a recognizable feeling of relaxation in New York.


Yeah. Like, oh, like some sense of logic has prevailed. No one really believed that she was gonna be a great president and they certainly didn't believe that Tim Walsh was gonna be a great vice president. No, that was crazy. God. That were crazy that that guy was supposed to be one heartbeat away from the fucking president. And then they also knew that there was so much corruption involved. Everybody knew what the, what they were doing with the Twitter files and all that other shit. There was, there's so much that like this is probably the right way. I know. Yeah. I mean, and people were paying attention that have never been intrigued. Yes. And and I think a lot of things happen there. It's like, You know, most people, you know, I I somebody ask me, You know, how do You know when you're rich?


And I said, well, when you don't know what a gallon of milk costs that to me. Right. Because I remember growing up in that same rural area And you know, my grandmama and and stuff. But when I could sit there and talk to my youngins and I, you know, my son Mason, I said, Mason, when you come down, run by and get us a gallon of milk And you know, get us some cereal. We'll just have cereal and I got some sausage, but get us a gallon of milk and a loaf of bread. Well then there was a case when I was a kid, grandma said, Hey, run by Look, don't go to big star. It's 25 cent more over there. Go over there to Giant Mark. They got a deal right now as a matter of fact, go buy me a couple packs of that ground round. They're running a special gallon of milk. They knew they drive over here and knew where gas was the cheapest.


And when you get to a place to where you know, you're doing pretty well, so it's like, I need some gas pull over. Yeah. You ain't worried about driving across town. Yeah. To save a quarter. My friend Brian has this thing, I say it All the time. He said, this is how rich you want to get where you can go to a restaurant and order whatever you want and not worry about it. Yep. Everything after that is bullshit. And then look and say, Hey, I want tip 20% or 25 and you can do the math. Just write it on there. Yeah. That, that's, that's, you are rich and you are blessed if You can do That. Everything else on top of that, you don't really notice it. It's kind of bullshit. I hundred percent agree with that. Yeah. And I, and I think that backfired on a little bit of the whole Harris thing when she said, no, everything's good.


Yeah. And she's telling that to people who know exactly where the cheapest milk is and they were gonna vote for her and they're like, yes, yes. No, it ain't, I'm struggling out here. You know, and then you're telling, you know, like, we blessed to go to these hunting places, but they're not cheap places to hunt to, to be able to technically trespass on these properties that are privately owned and are, if you were to go on a public elk hunt, you know, the private public, well look, go get us a uric if we did right now, me, you and Cam and Remy planned us a, a good DIY hunt. It's like, well Joe, you gonna get the uric, I'll go get the mountain house. Right. Cam's like, Hey man, I got plenty of mountain ops and whatever, and I'll blank some coffee. Can You imagine putting a yurt out in the middle of aisle house?


Can you imagine? But I promise you, if we just dutched it Yeah. Dutched it, we still got three or four grand a piece. Yeah. Yeah. And, and we're going out there to, to go hunt. Yeah. It's not cheap. Just in supplies and set. So Oh yeah. Just in your bow and your arrows and your broadheads and your fucking rangefinder and your binos and your gear and your clothing Yeah. And your boots. The tires on your truck and gas and this Yeah. And that and then tags and Oh, it's, it's not cheap. Oh, it's not cheap. Like I said, you could either buy you a small farm in Kentucky or just get you a new bow. I mean Yeah. That's what it feels like these days, you know, but I, I tell you, it's, it's, it's absolutely so amazing that we get a chance to even do it, to even get back to hunt.


I, I tell people All the time, it's like, you know, I I I've always stood by the fact I don't think you're a badass that you hunt. I think it's just badass that we can have that opportunity Yeah. In American that we can fall back on that. And if times do get hard, there's a certain piece once you'll understand the craft of it, a little bit of that rule of living and knowing how to skin a deer, knowing the best parts. And yes, you can eat it all, You know, You can eat organs, you can eat real meat, You can do all those things. But at the end of the day, there's a certain piece as a man, especially, and I think overall, even though we in a world to where, you know, we got these equality and women can do what men can do or supposedly, but at the end of the day, I've always looked at it that my job is to provide, you know, safety, some type of structure, food and care for my family.


And, and any man that's out there that knows nothing about nature, that if these cities shut down, that would be a terrifying experience. The Mercedes won't start the wifi don't come on. You can't run down a Starbucks and all of a sudden you can't go to the market or call Uber Eats to deliver you sushi are your favorite pizza. And you've Gotta walk to where the Animals are now you've gotta walk you, you, you and you have no skillset. Yeah. Yes. I sometimes, but guess what? I've gotten pretty good at the cities. I know how to work these apps. I can grab me an Uber, I can grab, I can go talk to somebody or I can Google and say, man, I'm gonna walk down here to this steakhouse to, You can certainly navigate their world a whole lot. I can't Better than they could navigate Yours.


The world that me and you love the most is, is hard to navigate for some people. And I think they're starting to realize it. And I really noticed it. It's a long learning curve. It takes forever. And there's a piece, I I, I told somebody a while back, I said, man, I'm gonna tell you, when you become a hunter and you understand it and you become simple, All the financial situations you might gain, money's nice. I, I agree that it don't necessarily bring you happiness. It is great to be able to have the money to do those things we talked about just eating. Or maybe it is that 70 Chevelle that's like I've always wanted, and I, and you can buy it, but at the end of the day, there's a piece comes to know that I could potentially lose it all. But if I got my wife and my kids and I got this bow and arrow, I might actually gain a little bit.


'cause now there, there's no, I I, I got peace and tranquility. I got a certain stillness that is more valuable than anything I could find at the rave or in the middle of the city. And so I've often told people, even if you love the city life, which what people might not realize, I love the city life. It's so fun to visit. But that's just it. I want to visit. Yeah. I'm ready to get back out. Like the thought of things I could do in Austin. There's a million things. My mind's going wide open. Like, man, I'd love to go up to the comedy club. Well, I'd love, man, I heard the steakhouse is great. I got, they got this, they got that. This place got the best martinis and this cigar bar. But once I do all that, I'm ready to go back to the campfire here in Whipple wheels and Cotes out. I'm like, you ain't gonna believe. And I'm puffing on me a Fuente cigar.


And like, you ain't gonna believe this steakhouse that Joe told me about. It's heaven. It's heaven. Well I think Michael, one of the things that people really enjoy about you and I've enjoyed talking to you is you have a, a genuine gratitude towards life. Oh, Thank you. You know, it's, it's infectious. It's, it's real. And I think appreciation for this beautiful, chaotic world that we live in is, it's a, it's a virtuous thing. It's a very important thing. Well, that means a lot. And, and to be able to, to see that it, it means, it is more to me than anything because I do, I mean I, I I don't even know how and, and why sometimes I ask myself.


And I mean, like I said, I, I just been so blessed and been amazing, the people I've met and learned so much. I mean, it's just, I don't, I don't know how it happened. Going back to that thought in my grandmama's living room, like, what are you doing, boy, you know, it's like you got a brand new flaring kit. That's also one of the reasons why it's so cool. Yeah. Because it worked out that way. It wasn't like it was all easily planned out and a ano just a natural path for you to go down. No. Did Did you have much of that Joe? Like obviously growing up where you did, and I mean you've, I mean a same amazing opportunity you had so many cool things has happened with, did you ever have any people like what is, what's Joe Doing? Oh yeah. Everyone, my parents for sure.


You can be a comedian. Yeah. What the fuck are you doing? Like, you're not even funny. Like they didn't want me to fight when I started fighting. They're like, you're gonna get hurt. They didn't want me to do comedy 'cause I was good at fighting. Like, why don't you stick with that? It was just no matter what, there's always gonna be people that doubt you. Especially if you wanna do something that's high risk, low probability of success. You know, it, it made me dig deep. 'cause I think of that and, and, and reason I ask you that is because that experience I had where my family was kind of mind boggling 'cause I thought they would see it as I did. And I think there's a difference in perception or the way we perceive things and the true reality possibly. 'cause you gotta sometimes bring yourself out and look back in from their point of view. And I learned it as I become a parent because now I got kids, right.


And they're wanting to do something. I got a boy Mason, he just, he moved to Charleston, South Carolina and all of a sudden I become a grandmama. Right In my mind I got, Hey, when I get back Christy, we gonna have some cornbread and collard greens and fried chicken. I wanna come back and tell you. 'cause he listens to every episode. My son, McCoy Meyer, all of them. So in my mind I got 'em pictured living a little old house right there around the farm. Well, he bs some moves to Charleston, South Carolina. And I'm like, what are you doing? Are you on crack now you tell me. Are you, what are you doing? And and then it hit me. I was like, man, I'm being my grandmamma. I'm being Uncle Tommy. Who And the reason they was that way and say with your parents, they love people love us so much.


Yeah. That they don't want us to fail. And I think inevitably we can fail people as fail the people we love the most. 'cause we want to keep 'em safe. Yes. I don't want my, you know, I know it's a world where a wi where a woman can go out there and cut wood. I don't want my damn wife cutting wood. Right. I'll cut the wood. Right. Let me get to calluses. Right. I don't want my wife going to the door. You know, if a villains at night, I'm not saying she couldn't shoot more better than me, I don't know. But at the end of the day, I love her enough. I don't want her hurt. I don't want my kids to fail. But in reality, why not? Somebody's gotta do these small percentiles. Somebody gotta be a Michael Jordan. Yeah. How did Michael Jordan, what was his, somebody say you can't make a living. You know, I'm sure somebody, and so I think we wanna put everybody in a safe spot.


Yeah. And if you think about it, if 80% or 90% of people can do these things, well guess what? Go try the 10, 20%. If you fail, jump back into the 80 90% and you can at least say you tried. Yeah. At least say I tried to make somebody laugh on a stage. At least say I tried to sell a Hoyt bow Yeah. And enough to make money and they'd gimme a percentage of, of something or have my name on a boat. I don't know. You can at least try it. I don't think it makes you arrogant or or overzealously confident. It's just why not? Well, I think there's people that are afraid to try, that will try to attack you for trying. Yeah. There's that, there's crabs in a bucket. You know, there's that, there's people that don't want someone to take a risk and succeed because they never took a risk.


And they, they don't want to confront themselves with that thought. They don't wanna be confronted with the reality of what they've done with their life. Like maybe they did have a dream. Maybe they did want to be like Luke Bryan. Maybe they did want to be on stage singing. Maybe they did want to Yeah. You know, they wanted to do something extraordinary and they never really took the chance. Yeah. And so when they see you taking the chance, they wanna fill you with doubt. They do. It's a unnecessary and unfortunate aspect of human nature. I I see that. And I feel that from time to time. But it makes you Appreciate the people that encourage people more. It really does. And and yeah. I I, I texted several people All the time, especially when I think about it, people on the way who said, Hey, hey buddy, lemme pull you back. Stay away from this stuff. But you're, you know, you're special in this.


You go do this and keep doing this, man. People don't realize what that, that means. You know, I, I think about that. You do a lot for people. I think about that street person. It's like just, I mean, literally me in the right mood, especially with this young lady right there. I'd have wanted to hit him. And I don't know mixed martial arts, but I know a god dang haymaker and he didn't see it coming. And I mean, he was calling this girl all kind of names and you, you m fers y'all. And all it took was me to say, Hey bro, I'm on your side. And immediately he was just like, he just wanted to be heard. And maybe that's it. Maybe. Yeah. I don't know. And, and, And what people just Get tired of being outcasts. You know, people want community. They they really do. They want friends.


They want, it's like you were saying before that like the relationships you make in this life, that's the real trophy. It is. And, and that's the one thing, I guess the last thing I'd wanna leave about the hunting community. And I, I think you felt it just from people you've seen or, or maybe researched and like Cam had said, he said, man, you don't find a better student than Joe. He said he knows more about broadheads than the companies himself. He researches this stuff. He knows the geometry of bows and brace heights. He's so dig deep. He said he just, he loves it. And I was, and it made me feel so good to know that you're that deep into it. And, but when you start looking at so many of, of of these things that's out there for us, what I find about the hunting community, it is a community of people that welcomes all.


It doesn't matter. It really does. And and they want you to learn and they're so appreciative that you might would just take a look into this culture that sometimes can be criticized, that some kind be judged and think we're barbaric or, or hillbilly or uneducated or are just ruthless. And, And what you'll find is there is a part of that that with dip dipping into nature, mother nature, you have to kind of become an animal with that and be like the bear, like the predator. You are a killer. You have to come to full draw to feed your family. But it's so welcoming. And I've never seen anybody aliene, I've never seen anybody that I've thought that I was a solid person within the industry and are just people around my house that wouldn't bring in feed you and say, come on, lemme show you what this is about, boy or a young lady.


And I'm proud of that. And I'm confident and I know that there's nobody, even the people that might talk bad about 'em, they're gonna treat 'em good. And I remember my one thing that was epic that happened Joe, and it hit me pretty hard. My, my daughter Addie had asked me, said, you know, dad, what would what in a situation if we're at school and there's something bad happening, you know, he was talking about some of the school shootings and I saw we just had one. I'm like, what should I do? And I was like, was there any kind of mandate or what you should do? And I said, well, they say, do this, this and this. Hide under your desk and sat there and wait and they locked the doors. I said, well, I'm about to go against Protocol Addie. I said, and I knew her school, they had these outside doors that went out and quickly there in Harris County, Georgia, it goes off into the wilderness.


You know, matter of fact, my farm is a right across from the high school. And I said, Addie, I'll tell you what I want you to do if, if something goes awry. I said, you know, you've hunted with me a lot and you understand, you know how to hide and slip around and stuff like that. I said, if something happens and You can see that exit door and You can get out and you can hit the woods, I want you to go right then. Don't wait around. I want you to go figure out the situation. Like if a bear's coming in the tent, you get outta the tent and get up the tree or whatever you gotta do. And I said, but here's what I want you to do. I said, you go, and I ain't never told you to judge somebody. 'cause I don't believe in judging a book by the cover. I don't, I i, I don't believe in that. But I said, but in this case, in this adverse moment, you go out and you find a, a beat up old Chevrolet truck.


It's got an NRA sticker on it, maybe a beat up minivan with a mom riding around with some, you know, maybe it is that, oh, 70 Chevelle. 'cause that guy appreciates good cars and you jump out and you stop him. It's gonna be a complete stranger. But I want you to pick out that person. I said, you know, you and, and find out. And I said, if you find somebody with a four wheel drive truck that you know, it probably resembles your granddaddy or or me or or Nick Mutt and all these guys, you jump in there, they gonna have a little snack. They definitely gonna have a gun in there. And you tell 'em what happened, they will protect you until they can find me. And when I thought about that, I was dead serious. But then I thought, that goes beyond my daughter, anybody. It wouldn't matter if you was Muslim, Christian or Goth or whatever, if you did that in the country, somebody's gonna stop and say, Hey man, what can, what's going on?


They're gonna quickly evaluate it. And I'm not saying everybody won't. I think most people has that opportunity. But if you raise around that culture to where you're ready to help and you're ready to assist, love is so deep. And, and, and the nature and the human nature is to protect and to, to make sure this person is doing good even if they don't align in thought process. And so I'm proud to come from that and, and and, and that's probably my biggest joy, whether it's taking a, a gym brew or a theo is when they see it. That's, that's always, even if they don't get something, they're like, man, this was cool. This was fun. There's some good folks, a little scared of y'all, little scared of y'all. And Theo and all of 'em said, man, something happens. I'm coming to your house, waddle and Kayla Pressley, we was at this little fun.


He said, Waddell, my wife, his fiance, I don't think he's married. He said, my wife said, Hey, if something happens, we gonna Michael Waddell's house. He said, you don't even know where he lives. He, she said, well, I'm still going there. And so anyway, that, that's just a, that's just cool. I, I'm, I'm proud of that and that that ain't, that ain't anything to do with me. That's just, it's a culture. Yeah. It's just such an amazing, it's An amazing culture To Share that. Michael, I really enjoyed talking to you, man. Thank you very much Dude. You too. Thanks for being here. Thanks for having me, man. It was a lot of fun. Thank you, man. Thank You too. Tell everybody what your social media is, where they could find your, your hunts online, all that stuff. Oh Yeah. Obviously b collector.com at, we are on Instagram at official bone collector I think it is. And then there's a Michael Waddell page.


There's, there's a bone collector page and heck, I'm on TikTok, so Yeah. All right. I'm dancing around over there too, so I'm on everything. It is China's spine on Me Too. But anyway. For sure. Thank you Joe. I thanks brother, appreciate I did a fan of long time. Appreciate it. It was a lot Of fun. Thank you very much.