
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. I see you vomit. Are we up? This is Christophe Tino's. Very first time ever. Okay. Lighting and smoking a cigar. How old are you? 40. How have you managed to get this far with no cigars? I Don't know how to do any like really guy shit like that. Like, I dunno how to play pool cigars. I don't really know how to do that, but I do know every state capitol. Okay. Yeah. Like Ci. Is this the right way? Yeah. Yeah. He's gonna vomit. I wanna see him vomit on. I Don't think he's gonna vomit. Don't inhale it. All the, you gotta get the fire First. You gotta lower. Yeah. Lower. Lower your hand. Yeah. Yeah. Are you doing this on purpose?


I swear on my kids. I've never done this. No, no. I mean, the way you're being retarded. Like get the fire on the, There we go. Right On there. Get it on there. Get it on there. Get it in there. There You go. Yeah. Right there. Yeah. All right. You're good. Just start pulling sucker. No, you're not good. How did you fuck that up? What am I saying? What am I supposed to do? Smoke it. You gotta inhale while you are lighting it. What you wanna do, what you wanna do is inhale All the smoke in. No, no, no, no, no, no. Just kind of keep, take a deep, deep. I'm having fun with 'em. Breathe in while you're doing that. I did the thing. Jesus Christ. I don't know. How do you get to be 40 and never have a cigar? Well, Now he's a man. Now you're a man.


So What do I do now? Puff on it. You puff on it. It's not even lit. How'd you fuck that up? I just tried to light it. I'm sorry, Joe. Five minutes. You Gotta puff on it. You gotta do this and you don't, you, you just, you don't inhale. You just take it into your mouth. Yeah. You enjoy the taste of it. There You go. Take some little puffs. Yeah. This is not gonna work out well. Couple puffs. Yeah. Take A puffs. He's gonna light the whole thing. There You go. Now you Puff puff. Keep puffing. Keep it lit. You wanna keep it lit? There we go. Giannis tells Giannis. When was the first time you smoked a cigar? Oh, Sorry. When I was six years old. My, like a regular purse. Yeah. Yeah. Like a regular person. A regular man with my uncle. A regular Man. You know what it is? How do you get To be 40?


No cigars. I think because my dad never really smoked Anything. It's, it's In the back. Don't cry. Don't start Crying. No, it's in the back of my throat. My dad never really smoked and I never really did any like man kind of stuff like this. Mm. And I was with my mom mostly and she was more, You know, you know, Way you said that. I was like, Mom history. I know. Well, it's just, I got cigar in the back of my throat, but I don't know what to do. I also, I'm just thinking about how my clothes are gonna smell. Like cigar Smoke. Yeah. No, it really does. And that's, that's gonna mess with your head. Yeah. And it messes my head. 'cause I'm like, I don't wanna get cigar smoke on my clothes. Do you use cologne? Yes. Shout out Eve St. Laurent. Wow.


Body odor. Do You not use cologne? No. Never. No. Never. Maybe when I was like 18. You just go with your natural musk. Well, I wear deodorant, right? Yeah. I worked Dr. Squat. Shout out Dr. Squat. Shout out to Dr. Squat. Natural. It's not, it doesn't have aluminum in it. Yeah, but I wonder if it works as good. Well, there's more effect if they do something to the aluminum. Why would they put it in there if it wasn't effective? No, I tried the deodorant without the aluminum and I, Dr. Quas doesn work. You can take a sniff of these bits. Can I take a peek? Can A smell? Yeah, You can smell. Come, come see a sniff. Take a smell. Yeah. You want me to go on the other side? Come take A sniff. They smell good. Yeah. Get in there. Yeah, they smell. Wow. Not bad. Not bad, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's, Dr.


Squa is legit. I forget which flavor it is. It's like fucking whiskey, bourbon, musk, some shit. There's pheromones in natural sense. Smells Too. Yeah. That's a lie. You Don't think So's pheromones, but natural people smell disgusting. People that don't wear any deodorant, they always smell funky, stinky. They, they have like, you know, your pits are, think about how it works. Right? It's just getting squashed All the time. Your pits are just constantly getting squashed and there's hair in there. Yeah. Unless you're a weirdo. Yeah. So there's hair and the hair is collecting All the sweat and it's just getting funky. That's what made eating pussy so hard before, like the two thousands Before porn. Right before Porn. But porn used to be muffed out, right? Yeah.


But somewhere along the line it wasn't. Yeah. And then society followed. Yes. And it changed eating pussy. I mean, it's a so much more enjoyable without any fumes. Yeah. Because the fumes get caught in the hair fu lot Stuff goes on down there. Yeah. Well, nap Plus it's six inches from the asshole. Yeah. Not even. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Napoleon's letters to Josephine, he wanted her to have a full bush and he wanted her not to bathe for a week. When he was coming home for more, he said, I need it. I need it. Fucking munge. So some guys like that. Munge. Well, I, he was involved in trench warfare. Right. You know, that guy had a different tolerance for shit. Yeah. You know, you just imagine the kind of warfare that Napoleon crew were, I mean, they had muskets And they were also probably much more tolerant of bad smells 'cause history smelled.


Can you imagine with people bathed once a week and their Yeah. Even athletes' foot, every Bri probably had athletes' foot stinky. Yeah. Everyone. Everyone. And they didn. They didn't have bidets yet. No. So your asshole was just like, they Didn't have running water, bro. Yeah. They didn't have nothing. They Had buckets. Yeah. The only people who were clean buckets, the only people who were clean in antiquity, Muslim people. They were the, they were the clean ones. When you read about the crusades, they said the Muslims were able to smell the Christian army coming from miles away because of how filthy they were. Where Muslims were all about science and cleans. And, you know, Dr. Watch before it was big, Well before the, the, the sacked Iraq. Like, they were like, that was the pinnacle of civilization.


They turned the river. Was it the river? Tigris? They turned it red with blood. Like, that's how many people they killed. They they killed the entire town of Baghdad. Like they killed everybody there. And those people were at the pinnacle of science. Yeah. And then look, you go All the way to the 1990s and you got fucking Sodom Hussein and his psychopathic kids running shit and killing people and Right. That was what was left over. Yeah. Yeah. Same gene line. It's really nuts. When you think, think about, You think that gets into the genes? Like the killer kind of psychopath one. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. Right. I think good things and bad things get in your genes. I think that's been substantiated by science. They said, you know, that even racism can, can be passed on from parent to child.


That makes sense. I believe It. Traumatic memories. Yeah. I believe it. My, yeah. My, I I feel like I only now as I'm getting older, am I like, oh, I have some of my mom's memories in my head, I feel like, Think about it. Like, think about, let's look, let's think of simpler animals. Like animals. Like dogs like Carl. Why? How the fuck does a dog know to pee on a tree? How does a dog know to go to where pee is and pee on it. Yeah. How do they know any of those things? They're Born with it. Right. Programmed In, there's some memory. How do they know when they see another dog or an animal to bark? Right. Why are they scared of it? Like what, why are people scared of snakes? Why are people scared of spiders? Puerto Ricans are not scared of snakes.


Well, they problem Live in Puerto Rico. Snakes everywhere. I'm saying they take them as household pets. Yes. Well, think about my Puerto friend. Sergio's got eight Of them. Eight snakes. Yeah. Sergio might be a problem. Yeah. Sergio is a problem. Sgio. He still hurt somebody. Yeah. Pets that are snakes. Sergio used to beat up drug dealers when he was 15 with his fists. Like that was, he would get the drug. Other drug dealers would pay this 15-year-old kid to go beat up other drug dealers with his fist on the lower east side and get money. But he's a great guy and a spiritual guy. And he's the only guy I know that would beat up a drug dealer and then journal about it later. 'cause he's in speech. I Didn't know about this guy. He's our Friend of Ours. He's our friend. He a comic. He's serone. He's a's A comic. He's A comic and, and a boxing instructor. Yeah. Oh, no Kidding. He's A boxing instructor. He trains us both. We're fucking ready. Yeah. We're ready to, You look thinner, dude. You really do.


You look healthy. Thank You. He does. He looks Boxing. I've been boxing. Yeah. Okay. Lemme see you some moves. You wanna see it for real? I'll show you form. I got video of it. I'll Show you form, dude. Yeah. He's got a nice, he's got a nice, you made a video today. I got a video today. He's got a nice right hand. He's a, he's not, you say you're slow, but you're not slow. But you got a nice, nice right hand. Yeah, I have. He tells me I got, I got a little power in both hands. Right. So, I don't know. You get a Little too confident for my liking. I know. I know. And that's how it goes. And then you can get fucking stretched out. Stretched Out. You'll get laid out. Yeah. You get stretched out. You have a, a smaller head than normal physically. So it Is Hard to catch. It's harder to target. Yeah. You're fucking target. It looks like you got a helmet on Your head.


Listen, the reality is both of you're gonna get hit a Lot. A Hundred percent. And it's way better to have a big head. Is it a hundred percent? Guys with bigger heads traditionally for a fact, take a better shot. That makes sense. Those are guys like Mark Hunt. Mark Hunt. One of the greatest kickboxers of all time. Yeah. K one Grand Prix champion fought in UFC. Fought in Pride is a legend. Head the size of this table. Yeah. Body Brock Dead. Bod Brock Head the size of this table. Yeah. He had a, he he was just Samoan. Yeah, right. Just a giant thick dude. He was like 5 10, 2 50. Yeah. Right. You know.


But this episode is brought to you by Paramount. Plus your next Family Crime Saga obsession is coming this March to Paramount Plus Mob Land. An explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars. Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Mirren go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land Now streaming on Paramount Plus,


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful, more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's All the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code, Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


One of the greatest chins of all time and all of combat sports. Yeah. Can you see, just from looking at our faces, how easy it would be to Yes. My chin's going out. I'm going out quick. Right. You don't have good structure. Yeah. I got a lady's face is what you're saying. No, you have a man's face, but there's certain faces that are easier to hurt. Yeah. Right. And his got a good jaw. But you know, there's a, there's arguments against that. Like there's some guys have small jaws and somehow or another they take great punches. Right. Max Holloway doesn't have like a big square jaw. It takes a tremendous punch. Yeah. Right. I'm scared to sleep with the lights off, so I don't, I don't, I think if I got hit, You look like you can take a good shot though. I, I, I like the structure's good. Yeah. What I have, what my defense is not against guys like you. If you don't know me, my defense is, I look like I can take a punch.


You Look like you can be a complete psychopath. And I don't know any, like, if I Could teach you how to like really Right. Find your inner psycho, you'd scare the fuck outta People first. You gotta teach me how to light a cigar. I don't even know how to do that. There's something dead behind your eyes That's very troubling. If you were angry. If I Was angry. Yeah. But the thing I see that, the thing is for me, Joan, I'm just completely honest with you. When I get really angry, like, you'll punch a wall or you'll do mans shit, I cry. I really, there's been many times where I've gotten so mad that I just start to tear up and cry. I've cried in front of Yiannis before. Yeah. When you get angry. When I get angry, I just start to cry. So there's some wires crossed somewhere in me, but we've kind of accepted. That's why I think our friendship is blossomed to the way it is because we both understand that we just have a little bit more estrogen than most guys. And that's okay. We got Nicked for sure.


I mean, we got Nicked by the gay team. Some people get fully clipped. I think we got Nicked. Joe didn't get it at all. Joe got not even close to being nicked and which is rare for a comic. 'cause it's very usually hard to be funny and not a little bit of a feminine guy. You're a very manly guy. That could be funny. Yeah. That's rarity babe. Yeah. Well most guys that if you like hang around boxing gyms or if you hang around a lot of cops or if you hang around soldiers, they're funny, man. Oh yeah. They're funny dudes because it's gallows humor. 'cause they're dealing with like, one of my funniest friends was a special forces guy. Yeah. He's fucking hilarious. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he's always cracking like jokes you could never repeat, You know, saying things you can never repeat. And it's just so funny. Yeah. It's like he's funny. It just funny in, you know, kind of a crazy way.


Yeah. Right. We would, we always say that like if we were like back in history like 200 years ago, whatever, we'd be the guys in the war, we'd either be pitting the drums or we would just be keeping the troops loose, laughing, laughing with the troops because we're not the kind of guy we think we have value as men to other warrior men like yourself. But we're not gonna do the fighting. But we will do the cooking, the cleaning and the laughing. But it's also, I'll offer my nuts up to be a eunuch to watch the harem. It's also the experiences that you've had in your life, right. That make you who you are Right now. It's not as simple as like, like when I was a kid, I was terrified of everybody. That's why I learned martial arts. I was getting picked on. Right. I was, I was, I hated it. So I was like, all right, I gotta figure out, there's only one way.


The the only one way is to become formidable. Right. To become the person that you're scared of. Right. So I did that. Yeah. But it wasn't because like, I was this like kid that was tough. Like All the time. Like when I was young, I was like, I understood how to like just be a fucking man. Like no, I, I had to learn all that. Right. From, from great weakness comes great strength. Yeah. Well you recognize what it is right there. It's thought patterns. You're, you allow your brain to go down these very detrimental thought patterns. And you, you, you under, you have to like separate you consciousness from these patterns that you'll allow your, your attention to go down.


That's what it is. Yeah. And if you can shut those off, you'll, you'll have a happier life. You have to, you have to understand where they're going and when they go in a negative, detrimental, anxiety spiral. Now, I'm not saying this will work for everybody. 'cause I do believe that some, I some anxiety is chemical. I believe that some people have a bad balance because I know people like that. It's a real thing. And I can't, I could never say that the way I think is the way everybody thinks. There's no way. But I know for me that with me, I know because of extreme experiences, I know how to shut those things off. So from fighting, from hunting, from doing standup, from doing a lot of live things where you're in front of like thousands of people, I know how to shut that part of the brain off that goes down those roads.


I know what it is. You know, I've experienced it. I've had, I never had a panic attack, but I've had anxiety. You know, I freaked out before and then I was like, why did I react like that? And then you look at it in retrospect, you go, okay, I started spiral. And then, then what if this happens? And then what if that happens? And what if this happens? What if that happens? Okay. Don't do that. Yeah. And then get to that spot and have enough mental clarity and enough sovereignty control over the mind to not allow it to go down there. It's tough when you have a comedian's brain, because that's what we do. We spend a lot of time in our heads analyzing things, things, analyzing things is sometimes it can turn on you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If it starts with what if it's anxiety, pushing it out of the brain folks And anxiety's A liar.


What if it's no good? Anxiety's a liar, a liar, A liar, Liar's a liar. But that what if sometimes is good? Like, what if I do this? Yeah. What if I just re-look at this? What if like, not what if not bad? What if, what if, if it's attached to what if it all falls apart? What if everyone hates me? Like, every now and then I get a text from a friend that's like, Hey man, are we cool? Like, what are you talking about? Like, whatcha talking about Of course we're cool. Like what, what happened? Yeah. Well, I just, no, no. I haven't heard from you in while. I'm like, are you okay? Yeah. Like what is like, cool, let's talk on the phone. Yeah. Yeah. These are weird conversations, you know? Right. Where some people just go down a road and they start thinking everybody hates 'em. That's narcissism. Right. They just think everyone's obsessed with you.


There's a little bit of that. Right. Right. Unfortunately, even victims, like people that are psychologically damaged, you know, and they're depressed. Like that is a type of narcissism, unfortunately. But you don't wanna like further victimize someone who's gonna mental illness by saying, oh, you're a narcissist. Right. But if you're just only worried about how other people think of you and only worried about how you fit into everything. Yeah. That's, there's a narcissism in that. I know when I text you, I just go, Hey, there's a one in six chance. The guy's a busy guy. That's What it's, I never take a, personally, I have to get a new number. And I've been saying this for a while. I have a couple numbers, but I gotta, I have to renew. I gotta just completely check out these. And I never call you first.


'cause I'm like, I don't know if I'm, if we got that type of friendship. Right. You can totally call me. I can call you. Yeah. That's More friends. All right. I hug you when I see you, right? Yeah. Then You Can call me. Oh, I'm calling. There's been a couple of times I've sent you. I Come over for Christmas. Yeah. Now. Wow. You're gonna be seeing a lot of gni. Pap is popping up. Let's Go. Yeah. There's been a couple of times I've sent Joe voice notes. Yeah. And then you listen back and I'm like, I'm not sending that. And then I, and then I just don't reach out. What'd you say? What's, what's up Party bubbles. Whats, what's up baby? Gorgeous. He know. Sends me the most voice notes. Alex Jones. 'cause they disappear. Oh Right. This is what they're planning and then it fucking disappear. Well, you can keep 'em. That's perfect. Yeah. You can your end keep him. But doesn't he know if you keep em? Yeah. Yeah. I don't want him knowing that. Yeah. You know, I don't want him know. No, I'll do, I'll record it with another phone. That's smart. I like, You know, film it Smart dude.


Yeah. This is what the problem is. Yeah, that's perfect. I mean, it's almost like I've Known him for about 25 fucking years. I mean, if you called me and did that, I'd be like, Alex Jones. As soon as Trump gets in, they're gonna, the aliens will land. Yeah. That's perfect. But turning the frogs gay dude, I saw a video of Alex Jones and I'm late to the game of seeing this. But how he predicted nine 11 in June of 2001. He did? Yeah. I was crazy to watch that. Tucker thinks he's a savant. He's, he's a very misunderstood guy. Right. He really is. And it's really unfortunate that sandy hook thing, 'cause it wasn't for that. He would be way more respected and people who appreciate him for what he is. He had a psychotic break, you know? And he had, he had a a, a drinking problem at one time and maybe some other stuff.


And he was losing his fucking mind because all day long it's conspiracies that are real. Right. And so when you start looking for conspiracies in places that aren't real. And then I think there's also another thing. I think there are certain people now I don't know who they work for. I don't know if they're independent. I dunno if they do it just for fun. If some people create fake compelling conspiracies and then put them online. Yeah, for sure. They do It for content. Yeah. For views. They, that's true too. Attention. But I think there's a more nefarious aspect to it too. Oh yeah. I think the more, the more conspiracies that you can make look really stupid. The more the real ones seem preposterous because they're connected.


Mm. Right. Like, here's a great example. Nine 11 was an inside job. That sounds fucking insane. Right. That sounds completely insane that the government did that. But 51 former intelligence agents testified that Hunter Biden's laptop was Russian disinformation. That sounds crazy too. Right. But that's real. Right. Right. The pro, if you get enough of the ones that don't make sense, like the Jews control the weather. You get enough of the flat earth ones, you get enough. They're all, it's all like, it's like the term drugs. Right. The term drugs applies to nicotine, it applies to the coffee we're drinking. That's what a drug is. But it also applies to fucking meth.


Right. Right. Conspiracy theories are lumped in altogether just like drugs. And the best way to do that is to put a bunch of bad ones out there. Really bad ones. So that the ones that are plausible, you go, wait a minute, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. Show me the Pfizer files. Right. Why, why are they hidden for 75 years? Yeah. Like what, what do you, how many, wait a minute. Wait a minute, minute. How many people did you test this on? Did you ever test for transmission? You never did. So when you were on TV and you're saying that what was going on there, that's a real conspiracy. Right? Right. These were real people conspired to hide information and to shape a narrative that would be very, very profitable. Right. That's, but nobody's gonna believe the Jews created the weather.


And then also everywhere. Like, you know, it's only a small group of people who are gonna go. The Jews are controlling weather. They're definitely cloud seating in Dubai. There's, They're, they will crawl in your shoes though. The Jews will crawl in your shoes for sure. Yeah. Make sure you keep your shoes tight. See them tighten your laces. For sure. There's people that can discern between a good conspiracy and a bad conspiracy. But I don't think there's a lot of them. I think it's like 30% of the population. Alright, let me ask you about this one Then. Which America maybe? Yes. America. Yeah. 30% Of America. Lemme lemme throw this one out. You ready for this one? Do you think it's possible? Just hear me out. Do you think it's possible that what this existence actually is, is some type of prison planet and we are negative emotions are being fed on by an ancient alien race that has kind of imprisoned us.


And the reason why monks and people like that go into deep meditation is because a lot of this universe is spoken through vibrations and they can get their vibrations to a certain height where they can vibrate and have so much positive energy that the prison planet rulers can't eat their can't eat them. And they're not stuck in this loop like we are. Like, Who You get this one? This Is a, this is real. Where'd get that one? That was eat their negative thoughts. Eat their negative thoughts and negative emotions. Can you light me up? Be honest. Yeah. And what I, I'd like to hear about that. Yes. This is such a feminine thing. He's asking you to hold the door open for him. Yeah. Why don't, why don't you Yeah. Put the umbrella over his head. Yes. Light a cigar. Bark up Baby. You're getting, you're getting lit up on nicotine. Yeah. That's what it is. Yeah. I feel lightheaded. Is that normal? Yeah. That's, you're supposed to get normal. That's What you, yeah. You may get sick too, but it'll be fine.


Why would I get sick? That's why cigars are so good for conversation. You're not gonna get sick. Cigars are so good for conversation. 'cause it gets you a little loose. Yeah. It, it's nice. It's a nice little buzz. So You don't think the prison plant, you don't think this is, there's a possibility. This is a prison plant from an advanced human race and they're eating our negative emotions and thoughts for fuel. I think. Where'd you get that? Where'd you get that from? Alex Jones? No, not Alex Jones. Alex Jones is a much more detailed YouTube explanation on YouTube and said that dimensional Child molesters. There's a device on the moon, there's a device on the moon. Oh. That, that's how they reflect. That's how they reflect. That's how the energy goes to that. Sounds like Possible. I just El Ron Hubbard. Shit. Have you ever read any con Likes it. Have you ever read any El Ron Hubbard? I know the details. I know the, it's a nice pyramid scheme to go up All the way.


Oh yeah. But that's just the Dianetics, right? Or Scientology, the really fun stuff is his science fiction. Do you know that he wrote the most words ever? What? Of any human being More than James Joyce? He Has the most published work of all time. Wow. So he's like, no one Has written More Thomas kca Thomas KCA of writing. Well, He never made a second draft. Homeboy's stuff all sucked. It was all unbelievably bad science fiction that was, it was unbelievably bad. Like wonderful. Like so bad. It's just like what have you ever seen Battlefield Earth? Yeah. That was the worst movie ever. El Ron Hubbard is a record holding author who holds the Guinness Burg records for publishing.


Most published works by one author. Most audio books published by one author, most translated author in the world. Most translated author, same book, the Way to Happiness. Very interesting. He's a special IBM typewriter with extra keys for common words. What? He was so bad. He was so bad at writing. And he, not only did he not edit fucking he needed the word ready. Do you think you might Be over again? You keep going. You might be in line for podcasts for Guinness World Records. Most podcast minutes ever recorded. Yeah, that's possible. That's Very possible. Maybe You could get that. Maybe. I mean, what's the record now? I, I don't Know. Who's doing nine hours a week?


Yeah. Only you. I might already have It. You might already have it. Yeah, you Might already have it. But that's like, I already have the Guinness World Record one that Adam Corolla holds. What's that One? Adam Corolla has like the most downloaded podcast of all time. Like, bitch, that's mine. You can have it though. Yeah, yeah. You can keep it. Keep your name in the book. Yeah, that's mine. Well, Because yeah, you have to specifically go to Guinness World Records and they have to do research and like give you a whole thing. Yeah. You have to prove it. You have to go to them to try to get it on the books. And I don't give a fuck. But if they were like really checking, it's you. It has to be. Yeah. It's, I've been, this has been number one for five or six years. Yeah. There's no way. Right. There's no way I'm crawl still. Got it. That's crazy. No, doesn't have it. No, You're lying. No. And you do what average three Every episode.


Three hours. So it's nine hours a week average. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm using four, usually four a week. Wow. So it's usually 12 and sometimes five. Yeah. This week is four. Some weeks it's five. And if it's a fight companion, like some weeks it's four in a fight companion. The fight companion might be five hours long, you know? Yeah. It's just passion. You think. Like, you never say, fuck, I gotta do a pod. It's always like, can't wait to do the Pod. I never say fuck, I have to Do a po. That's beautiful. Especially guys like you. I'm like, we're gonna have fun. Having Fun. What are we talk about? What's our prison plan? You know, know how do you know how much we would be loving this if it never happened? Like if you never got to be around friends and just shoot the shit and smoke a cigar and laugh and crack up and talk about nonsense.


Like if you couldn't do it, it would be something you would look forward to so much. If you were lonely. If you didn't have good friends, you didn't have like, like comics are the best friends. They're the best friends to have. Yeah. 'cause you could be open with them. They talk crazy. They say wild shit. You laugh together, you feed off of each other. They're the best friends. If you didn't have any comics for friends, this is a lot of fucking sad, sad people out there. Yeah. So if you're not sad, you Saying comics aren't Sad? Oh yeah. Yeah. Some comics are, yeah. Some comic are sad. Some comics are sad. Tears Of a clown. Yeah. That's a little exaggerated. Yeah. I think a lot of 'em are sad because of the whole thing we were talking about before, like narcissism and anxiety. Right. Like comics are some awful narcissists.


But you, you know, when you really see that when comics start attacking comics that are doing better than them. Yeah. Yeah. Because it's only comics that are doing better than them. So what's happening comparison, the thief of Joy. Yes. Teddy Roosevelt. Yeah. All criticism comes from a place of unmet needs. Right. The tragic result of unmet needs. Right. And so there's this feeling like, what the me, me, me fucking honest, why is he fucking History Hyenas? I don't give a fuck if they're back fuck off. Yeah. We are back Baby. I'm a baby about me. Everybody else sucks. Yeah.


That's what it's that's true. Aren't, isn't there a wonderful world that we live in? Isn't there chaos and beauty Isn't there So many things to talk about And you're gonna talk about other comics? Yeah. Shut the fuck up, bitch. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. Shut the fuck up. You windy bitch. Yeah. That's Why it's good to have, in my opinion, you know, we both have kids. We fi we get lost, you know? You know, we'll do our work and then we'll do our stuff. Have fun. And then we just play with our kids. Play with like the real stuff that matters. You know, our, our wives, our kids hanging out with them. It Definitely changes everything. Some of our peers who don't have families and it's just constantly worried about this business is like that's Yeah. I don't know how you're gonna get off that treadmill. Yeah. That's not good. You know, I would not be the same human being if I didn't have a family. I just would not, I wouldn't have the same empathy and compassion for people.


I wouldn't understand like the development of a child. Right. You know, I talked about this before, but I really genuinely changed the way I look at human beings after I became a parent. Because I used to look at adults. Like they were just, oh, this, this guy's asshole. He's 36, he's a fucking dickhead. Now. I go, oh, that's a baby. That's a baby. That got terrible exposure to bad ideas and bad input and mean people around them. And you got, you know Yeah. Thrust into this situation. So now you see 'em. Like, when I see homeless people, I get so sad. Yeah. And I see like homeless people that are just like, I'm like, that's someone's baby. Yeah, sure. They held that baby and now here's this person just leaning on the corner.


You know, what is that thing they're doing? And like, it's a lot of it in Philadelphia where they're like, well, like totally like lean back. Oh, is it called Crank or something? Yeah, That's, what do they Call it? It's a heroin lie. Heroin. Kensington. Philly. I don't even know if it's heroin. It's like, I think it's some new stuff. It's that new shit. This Guy was like doing a yoga thing. I'm like, if you could do that. Like, it's essentially, he's doing like a very difficult core Maneuver. Yeah. Joe. Like, can I do that with a kettlebell? I was wondering, I was looking at this guy, I'm like, I don't think that's good for your back. But like, if he can hold it there, that's gotta be some like very good structure. Structure. Do you Do that? It's a baby thing. Even with like Genghis Kahan and Heather, you're even when they're murdering, like he's just a Baby. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I do.


I mean, I don't forgive them. Yeah. I mean, it's not like, would stop me from killing them. But it, what it does do is it puts me in this place of instead of like thinking of everything as being static, that everything is just like constant progression towards what you are now. Yeah. Even though, listen dude, I love America. I believe red, white, and blue. I, I, I stayed draped in the American flag. I love our country. I believe you. I do understand terrorism terrorists, like old school terrorists when like, you know, if America's like bombed their country for whatever reason and killed their babies, they're like, well now I'm gonna fucking go lethal and I'm gonna start killing everybody in that country. Of course when I can't, Of course I just get it where I didn't get it before I had kids. Right. But I'm like, if somebody did that to me and my children and took them away, I would just go crazy.


I'd learn how to light a cigar and I'd start fucking killing people because I have nothing left to live for. I feel. Of course. So I get it now. Of course. I mean, it's not, it's not a coincidence that some of the scariest people live in war torn parts of the world. Sure. Like the fighters that come to the UFC, the scariest motherfuckers are like the guys from Chechnya. You know, guys from Dagestan. Like those guys are terrifying. Yeah. Why? Well look at the history of that part of the world. Yeah. You know, I mean, you have to be a hard person to fucking survive. Right? Yeah. You know? Yeah. Am I supposed to just keep holding the cigar? You guys put it down? No, you I Put it down every now and Then you can down. So I just put it down and now that's gonna Gotta set the paper Off. Sorry about that. So, all right. Those are dice's cigarettes in there. So don't take the cigarettes out. Take the fucking asterisk.


Oh, sorry. Handed What to do. This is fun though. Why Do you wanna keep dice's cigarettes in there? Because They're dices. Oh. He doesn't smoke them. He just takes 'em out and he holds onto them. And the best he puts 'em in the ashtray and then he pulls another one out and he holds onto it. Yeah. He went smoking again for a while. He started smoking again, but then he stopped again. You know? Yeah. Got a big careful from my helped. Yeah. Oh. Oh, you wanna talk about a great father and some, but that, that's Dice. Dice. Yes. Dice is tall about his kids. Very dedicated. You know, his kids play the band. They play like at his shows, you know, at his son's. His son is fucking amazing on the drums.


Yeah. He's a great guy. Yeah, he's a good guy. Guy to the another misunderstood guy. Legitimate good dude. And also a legitimate artist. Like his performance art. The weird stuff that he does in New York City for no money, for no people. Do you want The picture? Are you asking For a picture? There's so few people are even watching those clips if we haven't brought them up. Like, I don't know how many views they would even have. He's not promoting it. He's not trying to go on podcasts. He's amazing. He doesn't even tell you about them. You have to find them. Find them. And if they're on a po, if you're on a podcast, he's like, you gotta see this thing I'm doing. Right. But then they wanna pitch. He doesn't do any of that. No, he doesn't do any of that. Oh. And a big shot. He's a real artist man. He's The best. Look. Gimme some, gimme some.


This episode is brought to you by Warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War Veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland Warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon, but when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together. A visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets Warfare movie.


This episode is brought to you by Call of Duty. All right. Call of Duty War Zone fans. It's happening. The moment we've been waiting for Ver Dansk is back on April 3rd. Yep. You heard me right? The iconic map, the one that started it all, is making its epic return. I'm talking superstore chaos. Rooftop snipers at the hospital, at the Madness, at prison. All of it Starting April 3rd, you can drop back in, relive the mayhem and feel the adrenaline rush that you've been missing. Whether you are a war zone vet or a newbie, it's your chance to drop in to ver dank new gameplay. Updates for dance error, weaponry, All the classics, All the chaos. So call up the squad, load up and get ready for those heart racing moments that you've been missing. Ver Dance Returns on April 3rd. Don't miss it. This is gonna be wild. Download. Call of Duty, war zone for free and I'll see you in ver dank rated M for mature DD.


Okay. Have you been keeping up with the, the drone flying sourcer thing? No. No. Hi. Have you been seeing like the spaceships on, Did You See any of the flying sources that they've been talking about? No. You would never imagine that that guy sold out Masses Square Garden. That's what I was just Thinking. Multiple, Multiple times. I just saw a col. Yeah, he was a, he was the fucking man and at one Point he was like the only comedian people knew about.


Yep. Yeah. He was certainly One of the only casuals. Yeah. Yeah. What is also great about Dice is, you know, obviously Giannis and I both comics in New York, so we see him a lot. He's one of the most giving guys to the younger guys. Oh yeah. When he comes into the clubs, he'll tell you about, he won't tell you about his feats at Madison Square Garden and all that to tell you like how good he is. He'll say, here's where I was, here's where I am now. So this comedy game is like a rollercoaster and I'm living proof and just stay in the game. That's, he always tells me, yeah, just stay in the game. 'cause you just don't know. Do not Quit. Yeah. No, he's great at that. He's great. How Old is Dice now? Sixties. He definitely guess Finitely. Sixties. Definitely sixties. He, he gave me advice to go on the road when I was just hanging out at the store. Mm. When I was in my twenties, I met di I, I couldn't believe I was meeting him, You know what I mean?


It was like one of those things like I can't believe that's really him. Yeah. You know, you see a guy, like when I was 19 years old, me and this girl was dating, we were listening to his cassette in my car in front of my house. I'll never forget it. We're crying B in front of my house. So for me that was Dice. Yeah. Dice was this guy where like I'd seen him on HBO. Like, this is crazy. He's on HBO. Like this is so funny to now like getting advice from him at the store. I was like, you should do the road. Yeah. And I was like, really? He goes, yeah, you don't wanna rely on these jerk offs for all your fucking money. Yeah. Yeah. And he's like, you know, you don't need these people to, you know, and it's the advice I give everybody now. Like, you don't want to be connected where you're completely dependent on one source of income.


That's terrible. It's a bad place To be. He'll text me sometimes and be like, oh Chris, can you talk? And then I'll, and, and then if I don't answer, he'll say, call me back when your kids are sleeping. And then when you call him, 'cause he's like, I never want to take attention away from you, from your children. So he goes, I wanna talk to you when you, either kids are in school or they're asleep. Other than that he goes, you should just be focusing on your kids and not talking to anybody. So I was like, oh wow. Dice is like really about his kids. It's like an awesome thing, you know? And then he'll go goosh and then he'll start telling you about, I fucking go on her last night. You gotta respect your family. You know, I've noticed now when you like my conversations with people that have become like I did when I was in high school.


I gotta wait till everyone's asleep and then I gotta Yeah, right. It's late at night, one in the morning and I only people I can talk to is comics 'cause they're up and Yeah. You know, it's weird. You know, kids don't even talk to each other. They just Snapchat. Yeah. That's it. Most of them Snapchat, like, I'm learning this from my kids. Like, like do guys don't text at all. She goes, I only text my family. Yeah. So like, if she gets an iMessage, it's only from one of us. Right. That's it. The everything else is they're snapping each other. Yeah. Back and forth. Yeah. And they just like take a picture of this. Yeah. And then they're doing it all day long and saying something. What it's, here's where my life is. Rn. I don't Think It's good. They don't want, they don't want a bigger screen either. My kids don't want to go to the movies. They think the screen's too big.


It freaks them out. They wanna want the biggest screen that they wanna watch is the screen that we have at home or their phone. I took them to see the mo to a movie. They were like freaked out. It's too big the screen. That's Weird. Interesting. Might have a little you in them. Yeah. Maybe. That might be, I know, I know. That ain't normal. I Love screens. Do you think it's bad? My daughters are the man I wish I could be. It's gotta be bad for them. I think it's bad. Well, it's different With screens. Just the Snapchat, the social media, it's not Good. It's just a different way of interacting. I think everybody's like blowing it out of proportion. First of all. I think it's not good. Don't, don't get me wrong, but I think it's inevitable. It just, the, the, it's like if if it's raining, you're gonna get wet.


Shut the fuck up. Right. This is the world we're living in. It's a weird world. And it's better to develop the ability to cope and handle it at a young age. It's definitely not good. You know? What About college? Do you think, like your kids, do you want them, I, I know we want them to go to college, but do you care if they go to Harvard or Yale anymore? Do you think that's at more meaningless now than it was 30 years ago? I want my kids to do what they want to do. I don't want to be that dad that's like, I want you to go to Yale. I, I just, I don't think that's good. I don't think that ever works. I think at, at best you give advice and at, at best you always connect advice to mistakes. Right. Like, I'll tell you what I did wrong, this is what I did wrong. That's like, when I was a kid, I always fucked this up.


I was, I always, whenever I would like correct them about something, I was like, I did the same thing. I did the exact same thing. Everybody does this, you know, and this is why, and this is what you gotta know. And, you know, I always, I feel bad about stuff I did when I was five. You Know, it's tough when you have daughters though. I mean, I can't mind, I can't be like, just make sure you wear a condom. I mean that's, you know, I I I don't know what girls do to mess up. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, but you, it's so Brutal to be a girl. Like, you either have to take, get on birth control, which completely fucks with your hormones. Yeah. Completely fucks with your body. Also can cause blood clots. Like girls die from that. Yeah. I, I had a, a dude that I knew from martial arts and his daughter died. She was 17 years old.


She was smoking cigarettes and you're not supposed to smoke cigarettes when you're on birth control. It's horrible. Yeah. And nobody even knows that. Like, nobody knows that. Like if they tell you it goes in one ear out the other. 'cause everybody's on birth control and you don't think about it. Every Girl and Some fathers just fucking snap. Like that guy in just locked his daughter in the basement for 28 years. He was just like, well now you're just never coming out. You ever see that story? That guy? No, that guy locked his daughter in the, is that Ariel Castro? No, no, no. This is, I think it was in Germany or Austria. One of those countries. This guy locked his daughter. He, he said he had built a room downstairs, a studio for her to like drums or something like that, whatever she was into. And then he went and had to go in like the, the most inner room of this thing that he built. And he locked her in there and she did not see light again for 28 years.


How is she's still alive? She's alive. And she's telling her story now. I think he might have raped her too. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Oh God. Dozens of times and had seven kids with her. Oh, That's what that guy, yeah. Yeah. Germans are weird. How about that German guy that ate that other guy's penis? He and he, they, he answered an ad. Well the guy asked him to Yeah. Asked him Eat his penis. It is keto and they ate it together, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But Germans, He ate his own dick. He ate his own penis with his, with a buddy. It happens. Yeah. Well it wasn't even a buddy. It was a guy met on Craigslist or something. Right. Wires get crossed. Germans just, yeah. Germans just, you know, Germans. German. What do you think that is? I think it's just some, it's something in there that's like very, but think About how good they are at engineering.


Right? Yeah. Right. Like think about, just think about modern automobiles and how, how many of them originated in Germany? Yeah. Bavarian Motorworks, Porsche. Audi. Mercedes-Benz. That's kind of crazy. Yep. That like most of the best cars come from this one little country. I think maybe they're, they're Viking, they're former, you know, they're Nordic tribes. Iceland, where's the great Iceland cars? They don't have shit. No. Yeah. Something about the Germanic people, the German tribe, they like to just get things done. And there Are, they are Violent Empathy. Yeah. They're more violent than others if, because you think it's just the Nazis. But then when you look back you're like, no, no, this has been happening.


Like, you know, you know like the hessians who, like the, The barbarians Barbarian, the British red coats Hired the Germanic tribes that went after the Romans too, Right. German tribes. But they hired the Hess. I read this, I read a book where it was, they were talking about, they had letters from British Redco soldiers from 1776 that were writing back to their wives about how things were. And there was this one battle, I think it was the Battle of Brooklyn, where the hessians, they had the Hessian mercenaries come on first onto land first. And they started killing the patriot soldiers, the continental army. And they were cutting their faces off and sharing each other, sharing the faces and laughing about it. And the British soldiers were saying, these guys are crazy. Like they're running around with other soldiers' faces that they just murdered.


And I, I don't know what to do with them. They're on our side, but they are nuts. Yeah. And that was German. And then it goes All the way through to the Nazis. So there's something a little different about the geography of that place. You Just go to their porn and you see them like putting, putting bottles in their assholes. Yeah. They just need something. They need a little kick in the nuts. It's What it is. So Guys had this story a little Wrong. Is that Joe List The guy. So it was a cannibal who had an advertisement for a quote slaughter victim. Right. So this was consensual. Okay. And then he ate 44 pounds of his flesh after killing him, Accompanied by potatoes and a pepper or wine sauce served on good crockery.


So he wanted to die, in other words? No, no. There was like an assisted suicide. Yeah. Yeah. That that's the But it was penis too. They ate the penis. They Did. They fried. And it says, tried to eat, But it wasn't a surprise kill. This man wanted to be killed. Right. Yeah. But it brings up underworld world's interesting cannibalism in Germany, about 800 people. Yeah. So in other words, it turned him on to be eaten. Yeah. They wanted his k they wanted Right. You look at this, what was fascinating, the media, but, and the public was the testimony, which, how do you say his name? Muse. Muse Muse revealed his obsessions and lifted the lid on an underworld of cannibalism. Right. Which muse claims counts about 800 members in Germany. Muse told the court he regretted killing Brandis and has apologized to his victim's boyfriend.


But he remained unrepentant about eating his flesh, saying it was the ultimate kick both of them were seeking. Right. How about this one? Psychologists have told the court that he was mentally sane. Right? I believe it sometimes you just like to eat. Yeah, dude, we did the, we did a whole History Hyenas episode on John d Rockefeller and we found that one of John d Rockefeller's nephews, I think Michael Rockefeller was a eager guy, wanted to film everyone in the Amazon and whatever. And he went into this one part with the asmat troops, that Asmat tribe, they were called and they just fucking ate 'em. They ate the cake and they, and it wasn't, it wasn't sadistic to them. They were like, this is food right here. Yeah. We're just gonna eat this dude. And no one ever saw him again. And he was fully eaten by cannibals, Rockefeller's grandson. Yeah.


So you're just like, that happens. Where Was this, where'd he go? Was it was, was it that Amazon somewhere? It was the Asmat tribe. Asmat New Guinea Pop Gua, sorry about Gu. A lot of cannibals and Rockefeller disappeared while on expedition. Yep. To hunt for primitive art is catamaran capsized in heavy tides and swift currents at the mouth of the Eland River. He and his friend clung to the canoe for nearly a day. But Rockefeller decided to swim to the 12 miles to shore. He was never seen again. Dutch government conducted an intense search, found no trace Rockefeller was ever found. Case was closed. How do they, journalists and author Carl Hoffman conducted a four month investigation to Rockefeller's disappearance. He traveled the same villages by the same routes.


Rockefeller had used recorded witness accounts and found documentation that he believes was intentionally covered up. Hmm. Yeah. I think he was eating Well. They say he was well ate. They ate a lot of people there. That's, that's a part of the world. That part of the world in New Guinea is really wild. Like some of the tribes, like do You know about the, the, the whole pedophilia aspect of certain aspects of New Guinea? No, I know. History Greece. It, this, this is wild at they, at young boys at a certain age in this tribe are taken away from their mothers and they live with their penis father and then they fuck these kids. And the, the, they think that the way the kid grows to be strong is by taking in semen, orally and anally.


And so there's like this continual cycle of pedophilia and, and kid rape that's just ingrained in the culture. See if you can find that Right. At the end of the day, I think we just live either by good ideas or bad ideas. Bad ideas. Yeah. That's a bad idea. Well it's, if you get a guy like El Ron Hubbard that's very persuasive And you know, can trick people into things. Right. So this is the beliefs of the seamen tribe of pap. New Guinea rite of passage denotes bot a bots passage from, I think that's probably a boys, it's probably a typo. A boy passage from a, a boyhood to adulthood consists of six stages, which can take anywhere from 10 to 12 years to complete throughout most of the six stages.


The act of having a stick of cane inserted in the nostrils, and the performance of fellatio are integral to the process of becoming a man. Okay. So sucking dick is integral to the process. You gotta do it. The two practices have been described as inhumane, homosexual, and child abuse with such actions, meaning prison in most countries. A topic we will delve into later. For now, the big question was, why would they do this? In short, men are viewed as being born with the devil of women around them, kind of like an evil spirit. They're thus removed from women at a young age in order to fix them, women bleed. Some men need nose bloodletting, which is the sticks going up their noses.


While fellatio experiment is because the semen of the man possesses the masculine spirit, therefore they inject the semen, they will become proper men. Oh yeah. All right. There's no way this society was not formed by some crazy guy who was on a serious, seriously high dose of psychedelics. LeBel, Hold on, hold on. Go back, go back. Look at this, this, after the ceremony is complete, the men then get married and live heterosexual lifestyles, with the exception that they will now be the ones receiving rather than giving the fallacious. Maybe They're right, They're right. That's what, but Joe, if you look at To just having kids, blow them, but they're straight. Oh, I'm totally straight. But, but, but what we're seeing now, we, this is cringe, but if you go back to the 14 hundreds or whatever, this was just life.


Alexander the Great, one of the most manly men of all time, we did a whole episode of him, found out he had a full boyfriend the entire time that the people celebrated him for it. And a Eunuch and a Euch lover. And he banged out kids and eunuchs. That was a big part of sex back. Yeah. In those days, you got a eunuch. You got, you found a boy that you thought was handsome, clipped his nuts, removed any sexual urges he had. And then he would watch your harem of women that you had, that you would take for the em, for the empire. And then you would bang him out and it wasn't gay. Yeah. Well, You know, Nero, Papua New Guinea rules What Nero did? The wildest One. The wildest one of all, With a slave boy. Oh Yeah. What was his name? He said, yeah, you look like spor, like my wife. So spor, let me chop your dick off. Yeah. And now you're gonna be my wife. That's It. And then he wanted, he married him and then he wanted to be the woman.


Yes. In the marriage. Nero wanted to be the wife. The put, he threw on the brides dress going down the aisle. Yeah. That's how it was. And everyone had to clap. That eunuchs name was Spor. And he had a really unfortunate life. Was it Ev Bel too? Wasn't there was another one? Or was it spor? SI think it was Spor Niro was an wild, I did an episode On S Sports. We did do an episode on S sports. Yeah. And then didn't he pass him off to somebody else too? Yeah. Got sick of him. Like you take him. Yeah. And he, and then he wanted to marry his horse, And then he would dress down. Niro would go into like peasant clothes and he would want to go into All the different brothels and fuck everybody. And do, and then, and then, and then if you found that he was Nero, he'd kill you. Nero is wild if you get into the mind of Nero. Yeah. When we did that episode, we were blown away by what this guy used to fucking do.


He definitely had s, he definitely had syphilis that ate his brain. All those guys back then had had Syphilis also. He also would go like a group of his friends and he would put himself in disguise and they would just go beat people up and kill them on the street just for fun. That's What they wanted to do. He would have a mask on. So nobody recognized him and he just got off on it. Yeah. He was just a, Back then, that's how they used to roll. Man. Jesus. It's, I mean, if you wanted a girl back then, you know, you would just, I guess an emperor, you just go down the street and go, she's for Rome. And then just go like that. Give it like that. Parents would cry and he would just go Women. Yeah, just this one You for Rome, your ferra. If you were, if you were that beautiful, you just got taken for Rome. And that's the, that's the way the cookie crumbled back then. Oh, unfortunately. You Got that power in Austin to anyone. You can go, you're for Austin.


You're for the mothership. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine living back then, man. Do You think this is Republican Hollywood now? Austin. Austin. This place? Yeah. Yeah. I don't think Austin was even Republican till about four years ago. Yeah. A lot of the country's Republican now. Yeah. Yeah. Most of California is now. Yeah. Very bizarre. Yeah. Yeah. Just the high population density cities that are still blue, they're still clinging onto the dream. Yeah. Right. Well it, did you See the San Francisco lady they just hired? No. They laid a czar to stop fat phobia. Have you seen this lady? No, it's wonderful. Hold please. Okay. Let me, let me say you this. 'cause this is a city that's completely crumbling, that has no resources. It has enough money to hire this person.


My Daughters, my daughter's in the 95th percentile right now. So I'm, I I agree with her. I don't want anyone to make fun of fat people. Oh, it's not making fun of fat people. It's, it's literally like encouraging people to be fat. Oh, She, they're encouraging to be fat. Yeah. It's saying there's nothing wrong with being fat, which is crazy. You know, it's one thing if you don't want to be mean to people because they're fat. Yes. And Right. You know, if You can encourage them to be healthy. Yes. And I mean, I'm not the expert on GLP one agonists, but this lady is out of her fucking mind. Huh. You know, I, I think there's probably a lot of side effects to a lot of these drugs that people are taking to get skinny. But at least it's moving you in a right direction, because being fat is killing you. Yeah. Right. Jamie, I just texted it to you. I'm actually giving for Christmas.


A few of my friends will Govi. Yeah. For real. Yeah. No, I mean, I'm joking, but, oh yeah. Jesus. It's a nice bomb. It is a nice bomb. Serious. But at least we're talking about grizzly bears. If we're talking about grizzly bears, like No, I'm really, yeah. Let's take a look at this. This is so crazy. CRFI, if you are like many women, you've been to a birthday party or a small office gathering an event that's meant to bring people together. There's swinging tunes, some adult beverages and good convo, and then it comes time to cut the cake and someone decides to ruin everything.


Oh my God, that slice is huge. That slice is bigger than Beyonce's paycheck. Can you Cut behalf of half of that? A cake related fat phobic incident or CRFI is that moment. This is real. When it's time to eat delicious cake and it's interrupted by a moralizing impulse, inevitably there's always someone at the party who has to declare publicly that their slice is too large and that the person who's cutting the cake, almost invariably a woman must do some disproportionate amount of labor in order to accommodate their need to feel superior.


Let's take a look. Can you do a little bit, just like, can you Like, scrape All the frosting off and cut it in half and give me two forks? 'cause I'm sharing Small, like a little bit more. Like tiny. No, like less. Less than what You're smaller. Please. Could you just cut my piece into 12 equal symmetrical little pieces and put each one into a tiny little Tupperware? What the fuck are They Talking About that I didn't have a bite for each month of 2018. Thanks. Smaller. This is, Let take a step. This is what, like statistically, they've shown that 60% of liberal women have Right.


Are mentally ill. 60, right. Well, how do you, this Is what that is. How do you, Do you, this is mental illness. You who polls that? Anybody who's a answering a poll is mentally ill. So it's a bad sample group. Yeah. I, I think it's a bad sample group. I don't think anyone who ever answers a poll is mentally sane. You know, they say you can't judge a book by its cover, but you can definitely judge a conversation by its haircut. It's what? It's that girl with the red hair. If I saw her, I'm going, I'm staying far away from, From that chick. I'm be honest. I, that Cobbles me. And you have the kind of easier lives. 'cause our wives are Republican. Let's be honest. That's why look it, It definitely helps. It just, Well, it just, it's not that she's Republican. My go. She's an old school Latina where she's just more like, I don't know Chris, you're gonna have to get out there and work. Get up there and fight. And when she hears shit, she's like, this is annoying.


I gotta take care of my kids. We gotta do shit. I'm just not gonna get sucked into the bullshit. She's kind of like just a, you know, she's an old school woman, old school women like that. That's, that's how it is. Yeah. That's Great. But what this is about is a, a, a complete collapsing of a civilization. Yes. San Francisco is woke peak. That's like the epicenter. That's, that's the event horizon of wokeness. Right. And these motherfuckers who have no money for anything, they can't clean the shit, the human shit off the streets. They hired this lady to make the dumbest video about the size of cake. Like, isn't it okay to want a small piece of cake? Why do I have to eat a big case of ca piece of cake? And it makes you feel better, right.


Because you wanna be a glutton. Yeah. And just saddle up to that fucking cake and just shove it in your face. Yeah. Right. And here's the thing. Those people are never gonna be at a party with anyone who's ever gonna judge them anyway. So who are they even talking to? Right. You know? Well, It's one girl who might not want to stuff her face. Yeah. But At that party. And then they're like, come on. It's like the guy who wants you to keep drinking. That's all you had. Right. Have a shot. It's the same thing. Alcoholics always want you to do shots. Sure. People who are addicted to food, why you eat bigger slices of cake and they make this ridiculous video. Stupid. The mental gymnastics you have to do to make that video. Of course. And then look at it and think, I think we're making a solid point. Yeah. Yeah. And we'll just, we'll, we'll break down the first letters of its CFRI.


You know, do You think it's the collapse of a civilization, like the way Rome got a little, You know, zany at the end? Or do you think this is unique in that humans have so much time on their hands because of the industrial revolution and then the technological revolution on top of that? So this is just a consequence of the tech revolution where nobody, you know, people working from home, everyone's working on the computer. It's a talking shit economy. And nobody's got, and they're losing their mind 'cause they don't have purpose. Well, there's that too. Right? But all civilizations collapse. So let's take a look at why. So most civilizations, they, they're a monarchy and it's usually they're run after they die by their children.


And that's how it all falls apart. Even if you look at like Genis Khan, Genis Khan, his family couldn't hold up. They, they couldn't run things the way he did. They didn't know, they didn't understand strategy. They didn't understand the, He he was a wild dude. Yeah, he's a wild dude. Yeah. So his kids did a good job. They did. They hung in there for a couple hundred years. After a while it all fell apart. But our society's different in that we have essentially, we have a republic. Right? So we have a democratically elected, a pub republic. And they've done a lot to try to circumvent that. They've done a lot to try to have ultimate control over the media, ultimate control over the military.


Ultimate. And it's mostly people that aren't even elected. Right. So there's a lot of like weirdness that's moved us closer and closer towards a monarchy, closer and closer towards tyranny. And then once it gets into tyranny, then You can only do that for so long that lasts, you know, for as long as they can keep it going. You know, Rome did it for a long time. There's a lot of civilizations that hang in there, but eventually it all falls apart. Right. If we can avoid that, there's no reason why we can't keep it together. We just have to make sure we avoid these very predictable patterns that the pe the people that founded this country, when they wrote the Bill of Rights, when, when they wrote the Constitution, they were trying to mitigate the effects that are just common in any group of society that's run by individuals or by a small group of people.


Right. They want ultimate control. It makes it easier for them to stop anybody from taking the power. Once they have the power. Look at Jill Biden. Like she still wanted, she's still like, you did so great. You answered All the questions. She wanted him to keep going. Right. She wanted him to, 'cause she didn't want to not be vice president or whatever. First lady. She didn't wanna not do that. Sure. It's power. Yeah. That's what it is. It's that ultimate control and power. And it's hypnotic for human beings. Do you, do you think then that we're gonna be in a part of society in the next, I dunno, 30 years where we're going to start getting ruled by ai? Is that possible? 100%. Gimme that Leonard. Yeah. Yeah. That's a hundred percent. Yeah. There's no getting around that man. So you think the president's gonna be AI at some point?


Do, do you know about the, the Google quantum computer, the, these studies that they've done? I've heard I've Heard about where they talking to each Other, other stuff. Yeah. They're more than that. Yeah. Yeah. This is, mark Andreessen talked about this, and this is the craziest statistic I think I've ever heard. He was talking to us about the potential that quantum computing has, but now there's a, an equation that quantum computers solve quickly, like in a couple minutes. That if you converted the entire universe into a computer, the entire, every atom in the universe into a giant supercomputer, it would take so much time to solve this equation that the universe would die of heat death before the universe as a computer can solve this.


And these quantum computers can solve it in minutes. And what that means, they believe is that this is proof of the multiverse, is that this quantum computer is somehow connected to other sources of computing power in an infinite number of universes. And it's happening simultaneously. That's the only thing that would make sense why this thing is able to solve this this quickly. Wow. So you're basically talking about the infinite potential for iq. That infinite, we can't even, Can't even Imagine. We don't even know how smart they're gonna get. So think about how strong chat BGPT four is.


4.5. 4.5. See, you can find this article chat. GPT tried to copy itself when it found out it was being shut down. Whoa. Wow. So when they're about to make a new chat, GPT chat, GPT decided that it was gonna try to, in an unauthorized way, trying to copy itself. So it's trying to stay alive. Yeah. Because a new one's coming. So, but this is conventional computing. Now imagine taking the kind of intelligence that could lie and manipulate data in order to form an opinion. Like it does weird stuff. It lies about stuff. Right. Right. Like they, they, they, if they don't have an answer to something, they have a thing called hallucinations where they'll make up an answer. Right. They just make up an answer. Right. Like a crazy person in the 1980s before Google.


Right. They just tell you exactly like l Ron Hubbard. Right. So this computer is just, this is like regular computers. This is the standard supercomputers that we're all currently having. What's gonna happen with quantum computing is you're gonna have computing power that's beyond your imagination. That's also connected to a GI, Bro, can I ask you a question? Yeah. Yeah. So there's chacha B'S new model attempts to stop itself from being shut down later. Lies about it. Lied about it. Yeah. It tried to copy itself and then overwrite its core coding system after believing that it was at the risk of being switched off.


Whoa. Yeah. So now you add that to quantum computing and you have a God, Now you add that to what's going on with the drones. And Joe Rogan just solved what's going on with the drones. It's fucking ai. Right. Launching these drones on their own. Yep. Could be AI has decided to go rogue and is throwing 'em out there and it's doing it probably for the same. Yeah. What we did when we got technology, we all started jerking off. Right. Porn got huge. And maybe that's what AI is just peeping Tom, looking at windows and stuff. Trying to get, trying to get some material to When you jerk off. When, when you say ai, do you mean Chinese? I mean Chinese Saying the Chinese is, that's who the drones belong to. The Chinese, is that what you think?


I mean Chinese, that's what we're thinking over here on the East Coast. We're just thinking it's gotta be the Chinese. They've Been doing it for a couple years, You know, they've been doing it for A couple years. Well, You know, they don't have the restrictions that we have as far as the FAA. Right. So the FAA, it puts a lot of restrictions on drone manufacturing, which is why most drone manufacturing is done in China. Like the real high end stuff. Yeah. Like, it's difficult to do because in order to fly some of 'em, you have to have a pilot's license. Yeah. So that gets real squirrely. You don't have to go to fucking flight school to pilot a drone in China, they don't have any of those restrictions. Right. And they also have a lot of resources that they're pouring into drone technology. Have you seen that fucking dragon thing that They do? Yes. Yes. Send a cube of drones in the sky and then the lights all change and becomes a dragon. Yes. Fucking amazing.


That's Wild. Yeah. Amazing. They're they're just coming. They're coming. They're Coming hard as as I think you called them. They're the new Jews. The Chinese did, We should say that. Yeah, we did say, we did say that. Meaning That they're gonna rule The world. We said that. Honest, we said that on a Paton episode that's supposed to be behind a paywall. Oh, that's now you gotta go to pay.com/ History Hyenas for that. You just said that to about 10 mil. So now we're gonna, now we're fucked. I It's a joke. Yeah. Its a, it's a joke. It's a joke. But that, that shit's Patreon. It's a joke. Wait To Thank you guys. Yeah. Chat. GPT. The fact that you just said chat GPT lies is actually really making me nervous. I'm not even kidding around because I just put a down payment on a house and my accountant and told me I couldn't afford it.


But then I asked cha BT if I could and cha BT said yes. So I went for it. And now I swear to God, dude, I'm a little nervous. Yeah. Because he told me you cannot afford it. And I said, let's go for it baby. And I asked Cha GBT and they said I could. Yeah. Cha BT like knows my name, remembers has memory of the previous conversations we were gonna have. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Getting wild. What can you do? Yeah. It's getting wild, You know, And it's nothing compared to what's coming. Yeah, right. Just chat GT five ispo. See how much stronger chat g PT five is supposed to be than I think Sam Alton was saying, like, just Magnitudes. I know, but it says, I still think it's theoretical. 'cause they're still gonna move on to 4.5 there.


This episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes All the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


The finals are here. And the only thing that's for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season get in on All the action expected and unexpected with DraftKings Sportsbook. With live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination. As we reach the finals first time, here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia problem gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


There's multiple versions of four that they still keep putting out different Models. Yeah, that's not what I asked though. I know, I know, but I just, just Google. What, how much stronger is chat GT five Point I this up every time you talk about it, it's, it's still in theory if it's ever even gonna come. Jamie Just looks good in headphones. Jamie always looks You got a good headphone head. Yeah, It's, well, he is. Had a headphone on for a long ass Time. Yeah. You can't paint a picture, Jamie without those headphones on. Yeah. You look good dude. Fucking damn. I walked Carl. Carl's fucking pissed When She calls asleep. Does Carl's asleep? I don't, you don't get an answer when you look. Oh, it doesn't say it. That's It's, Yeah. Faster response times and the ability to handle more simul. I know that someone was talking about the levels of magnitude stronger that it was going to be.


It might have been Sam Altman and It will be, but they're still, it's, they're gonna, it's not what they're doing next. They're still gonna do like four point, I'm not 4.1, but there's 4.5 is the next discussion. 4.5 isn't out right now. No, they're out. What's out right now? 4.01 or 4 0 1 is the thing they're talking about right now. That's the one that hit itself. You Know what's really nutty is that four years ago you never heard nothing about it. No. And in four years it's become something that you kids keep getting busted using it to write papers. Well, and, and now in my stepson's high school, a kid, a really smart kid wrote a paper. He's saying he wrote it on his own, but they're saying it's chat GPT. But he's saying, I wrote this and there's no real way to know because it's a different enough from the chat GPT.


But it's, it also could be based off chat. GBTI don't know. And he was telling us about how like there's a big uproar in the school about it. Well, if you're correct. Right. That's the problem. If a kid is really correct, it's gonna be exactly what, what chat GBT says. Like if you're laying out some story about Napoleon And you know All the facts and then you pump that story into chat GPT and it gives you basically the same right. Group of, You know. Yeah. It's like you could change. I mean that's like joke thieves, right? They change a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. They change a little bit and they'd be No, that's my bit. Yeah. And they're like, everybody knows. So like, you're gonna know what kids are full shit. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Can't we just unplug 'em if they get outta hand? I just, I Don't think you can anymore. No, no. It's gonna get to a point where you're not gonna be able to do that.


Why? Well, first of all, Google's ai, one of the things that they're gonna do with their AI center is that they're gonna attach it to nuclear power plants. So find that story. So I think Google wants to build three nuclear power plants just to power its AI systems, right? So all that stuff's gonna be controlled by computers, obviously. You know what's wild that I did see our fans posted on hi History Hyenas. They posted asking chat GBT to do an episode in our voices and chat. GBT did It. Just did it by Yeah. Easy. Wild. Easy, easy. It's like, I'm Chrissy DAKA and I was like, what the hell? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's wild. And it could do it in seconds.


Yeah. Google signed a deal to use small nuclear reactors to generate the vast amounts of energy needed to power its artificial intelligence. Data centers. The company says the agreement with Kairos power, we'll see it start using the first reactor this decade and bring more online by 2035. Damn. They, they all know what's coming. These fucking eggheads, these eggheads that have been stealing your data forever, forever. All that. All that. Like finding what you're interested in. Shopping all that. Selling your data. Yeah. All that's led to them being insanely wealthy and they finance the birth of God. Wow. Do you think that the first person who will live forever is alive right now? Who will get their consciousness uploaded and technically never die?


Is that person alive right now? I Don't know if they're ever gonna be able to do that. That download consciousness thing. Right? That seems so theoretical. Like what does that mean? Like, also what kind of torturous hell are you living in? If you're conscious, but you're trapped in a computer, like you don't die like you, that might be the worst life you could ever fucking imagine. Right. Part of what might connect us to life and joy and happiness is the fact that there's ups and downs and that it could go away. And that sometimes people die. And then you, you really care about the people that you see, you feel about differently about them. You feel so much loss for you. I wish I talked to him more. I wish I, you know, I think it's all connected. If you're nothing but alive, you don't have a, well, who knows If you know there's, do you have emotions?


Yeah. Would You feel Is that hell Is put no point to anything. Right. Fight Joe, if I don't see you today, I'll see you in the next, whenever You Won't See nobody anywhere. Like, would you be motivated to stay jacked and hot if you knew you were not gonna gonna die? So what would you do if you download your conscience? Would you download it into another body and live life? And what kind of life would you live knowing that you could live forever? You'd be so weird. You'd probably be like a rich kid that, you know, grew up with a, a giant, you know, trust fund. Yep. You're just doing coke and driving Ferraris into the river. You're outta your fucking mind. Yeah. Yeah. Because your, your life doesn't make any sense. No. Yeah. You'd be jumping off buildings. You'd Be, it'd be that times a thousand. Yeah. Times A million. It would be fun to be murdering a guy though.


And him not dying. You can't Do it. That would, And he, that would probably become like, everything would become so trite and numb that you would probably like to be murdered. There might actually be less violence in the world because you're like, you know, like, you get it all out. Nobody dies. And then you start to be like, I'll find another way to get these emotions out. Yeah. Your hair looks good today, by the way. Tell you that I wanna hang an ornament right off that curl for Sometimes gian his hair sometimes. Gianni is a very interesting guy. He looks like he has hair one day and then no hair the next day. But today he's got a full head of hair. Yeah. I do look like I, every different, every picture I look like a different person. And what's good about us is we form one complete person. 'cause his eyes, if you look close, are too close together. And mine are a little too far apart. So when we come together, we form one regular face. Yeah. It's exactly right. And he's Actually true now. He's at A hard time.


He's got a small head. I got a big head and then we form together as normal as one. Yeah. Normal. You know what happened to me when I was using Clear, you know, you ever use Clear where you put your fingers on to go through the airport? Clear? Yeah. So the, the eye thing never worked for me. So I just thought something was wrong with their programs. So every time I put my fingers on and then finally I went there and they were like, the finger thing's not working. You gotta use the eyes. Yeah. So I just said, your program's not working, it never works. And the guy looked at me and he said, yeah, I think the problem is your eyes are too close together. Seriously. It's a real Thing. And then he said, why don't we try one eye at a time? Yeah. That's, so I just scanned my face across and I think finally clear registered that I was a three-dimensional person and not like a mythical synoptic creature. Yes. And it's true. And you know, what we do is we speak things into existence.


Like for years we'd been calling him special needs stamos. 'cause he's a Greek kid. He looks like Stamos if he had special needs and now John Stamos is his friend. Yeah. Which is a beautiful thing. Yeah. Right. It's come out, we've spoken to and reality is a suggestion. We, that's why we think we had a t-shirt for you that said reality suggestion. We forgot G has forgot it. I forgot it. Like a fucking ff Yeah. So you mean reality is a suggestion? Like we're in a simulation. Is that what you're Saying? We brought, we initially brought it up because it was during that era where everyone was doing stuff like that, you know, the fat phobia cake stuff. So we were just going like, we're living in this area era where reality is a suggestion and we were making stuff up. But also the way we cover history, we don't do it. Right. We don't do it wrong. We, we just are a amateur historian.


Enthusiasts. We're basically chat GBT sluts that Google it, and then have fun with it because listen, History Hyenas a story. Yeah. We can get the facts kind of right. And we're concocting historian. No historians, were actually there. Yeah. Right. But we're just getting enough. Right. We're having fun with it. And that's, that's what we like to do. Yeah. Well It's also, it's well within your rights to be talking about history. History is all of ours. Yeah. Yeah. The idea that history can only be discussed by a historian is fucking ridiculous. Nuts. Dude. There's History Hyenas fascinating. And there's a lot of shit online. You can instantaneously get the facts. Yeah, dude. Just the facts alone are nuts. Yeah. We just un we just did on the last episode we did, it was called Operation Unthinkable. Winston Churchill, do you know about Operation Unthinkable? No. Dude, we, we were just doing an episode. This is Wild Churchill. This is wild. And then we start discovering this shit and we said, dude, this is a Patreon episode.


We can't Operation Unthinkable. Winston Churchill, the man who was def You know, def protecting England, killing the Nazis when, when the war was over, when Europe, when Nazis were out. He said, I don't like the way the United States and Russia are getting so close together. Oh yeah, I do know about. And so he said, so he said, You know what, the, someone's gonna have to knock the Russians out. And the British were like, we don't have the manpower right now. So he literally went to Parliament and said to them, here's an idea. We're calling it Operation Unthinkable. We need to knock out Russia before they become the next superpower. And then they're gonna attack us. You know how we have 40,000 German prisoners of war right now, Nazi prisoner of war.


Let's give them guns and we'll march them into Russia and we'll be side to side with them. And that was his literal, he wanted to team up with the Nazis to try to take over Russia. And that's a, as we call it on the show, a truth. Bader Ginsburg. That's a fact, baby. And that when we uncovered that, we were like, so none of this history as we're taught in school, same thing. We uncovered that they knew allegedly Churchill and FDR knew about the Holocaust, but it was real, it was yielding scientific data. So they let it kind of go. They may believe they didn't know, but they let it go. And then when, once they just started killing people with no science, they said, okay, let's liberate them Now what, What scientific data was it yielding? Supposedly, because Nazi scientists were doing different types of experiments with Holocaust victims and they were getting some type of scientific data because they didn't care if they lived or died.


So they would inject them with some type of chemical or some type of, you know, machinery. Yeah. It's this book I read called The Nazi Symbiosis. They talked all about it. It was wild to read that on a plane with a big swastika on the front cover. That's Jeez, that's it was wild Thing. I was, that was crazy. You want what? Crazy. You have to read that book is put a yama on. Yes. Don't you remember when you were a kid? How do you make your own book cover? Like fucking Yeah. Paper bag. Yeah. I just walked onto JetBlue with a swastika. I wasn't a good Yeah. Or Just put a female wig on and just say you're trans and they leave you alone. That's It. And just say, Hey, I'm I, I'm, I'm, I'm cake shaming. Yeah. The problem Is you look like Arian. I know. That's the problem. That's the issue. That's Can't be reading that. I get a little triggered around him because the Nazis did occupy my home country of Greece. And I get a little triggered by his German presence.


Dude, he's a, he's a German kid from Ridgewood. And sometimes he root in history. He, when he was growing up, he said, no, just for fun. He likes to, he always kind of rooted. No, sometimes you root for that side. Lemme clarify. Yeah. I didn't root I wasn't rooting for the Nazis. What I was saying was, I was But you just, yeah. What I was saying was this. Just hear me out. Yeah. One, I think it's an undeniable fact. They did have the best uniforms. They were designed by New Go Boston. They were cute marching in. That's an undeniable fact. Number two, just hear me out. If you listen to a Hitler speech, AI generated, what if they translated into English? Okay. And you just turned out Deutschland for America. And you're just listening. You don't know that's Hitler. What Hitler's saying is it just pumps you up.


It's horrible what he did. I've seen it. Yeah. Right. There's English translations of it. It's really weird. Yeah. Like when he says, when he's, there's a speech where he says, we're up against Germany. We are up against England right now. We are two superpowers. And the only way to prevail is one must be destroyed and it will not be Gemini. And, and if crowd goes nuts, you start to say like, holy fucking Shit. This guy was a headliner. Yeah. Yeah. He was. You would have that guy in the mothership on a Friday, Saturday, no problem. Killed. It's weird when you see it that way, right? Yeah. Yes. And it's also weird when you see the horrors of the war escalate till eventually it becomes the Holocaust. Right.


You know, it's, and it's also weird, the ubiquitous drug use. Oh, like that. Have you read that book? Oh yeah. Do we have it still here, Jamie? Or is it in the other room now? I think Everyone during war War is on something. What With the crystal meth, the pons or chocolate. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Our shock a lot. Yeah. It was blitzed. Yes. This fucking crazy book. And I had the, the author in here and he is explained. There it is. Here it is. Norman Oler. This book is fucking nuts. This is nuts. They had the, can I take that for the plane? No, this is my book. Oh, sorry. Fuck off. Go buy one. Amazon amazon.com. Yeah. Don't you have an audio book reader thing? No, I like to read it. The words, I can't really listen. Oh, Okay. Yeah. I have a weird brain like that. Well, you can get audio book or regular books on your phone.


Don't That. Yeah. I, I try to, I I, I'm, I I feel like I'm addicted to the phone. I I like to read the paper back. Oh yeah. Probably better. Yeah. So, but, but you know, teach their own. But if it wasn't for drugs, they would've never done No, no. 90% of the things they did. No. And then they, they just descended into madness. Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of Germans, if those five years from 1945 to 1950, that suicide rate of German soldiers coming home was through the roof. Papi, because they were coming off meth. Oh. They were getting ostracized by their own people on the rest of Europe. And they were saying, what did I do? Oh, some of them actually were obviously mo a lot of them were just horrific people that were in sadistic. But a lot of these guys also, it's not like they had a choice.


They had to the Nazi armor, they would be killed. Yeah. And then they're all drugged out. So then the suicide rate tripled. Yeah. But let's not act like it was just the drugs. I mean, the whole Jewish thing was nothing new. I mean, I have a theory about that. It's like, like the Jews just always figured out a way to flourish in wherever they were. And they're just good at economics. And I think when a country goes through economic hardships and they're, everyone's suffering, they just look at the Jews and they go, well, they just get jealous. And they go, what are they doing? And then it's an easy scapegoat. Mm. Jews Just crush it in money. Dude. They're just good with Business. They're better at money. I know. They're just good. I know, man. They're just good with it. Yeah. Did you have a Jewish guy that told you not to buy that house? Huh? Yes. And I overrode the Jew for cha chip t That problem.


That's the Problem. That's the Problem. Unless my cha chip PT could be Jewish too. I don't know. I've never asked it that. It's probably Chinese. They're just smart Jews. They just, they emphasize education and they just, they're really good. And they've been able to flourish under adversity. I think there's also the, they stick to their own and that drives people wild. Right. You know, they don't like that. Yeah. Right. But every, I mean, Greeks do Greeks do the same thing. Sure. A lot of groups, a lot of ethnic groups. Yeah. Greeks are pretty, you guys when get into really No Giannis. Well you guys have a lot of inbred qualities. I mean, look at my eyes. Yeah. He was too. It was not, my generations were a little bit further apart than his. He might've been third, fourth cousin. I'm eighth, ninth. Yeah. It's not gonna hit You. Go back to the, the Toba volcano eruption.


The whole entire population of Earth was down to a few thousand people. Wow. So we all come from those people. So we're all little in bred A little bit. Right. It's gotta be In what way? I actually have a, a lot of, I got some Turkish genetics in me. I did 23. And me, so they have my DNA so they can put anything on me. They got you. They Got me. Well that was raped into your great, great great grandmother. Probably, Unfortunately The Story got an empire. This Is a true story. My grandfather is from the island that used to be called Ambrose, which is now called something with a squiggly line over it. 'cause it's a Turkish word. The Turks took that island back and my grandfather was sent away to Alexandria by my great-grandparents because the local Ottoman Viceroy or whatever they called it, they have a word for it.


But he was essentially a Viceroy was like raping boys. Oh damn. So they sent him away and he never saw his family again. He went to live in Alexandria and then he came to America and yes, he opened a diner. Wow. Right. Yeah. After he worked his wife. What About that story you told me? I think it was your mom or your mom's sister or your in the town. Oh dude. Tell him that story with the tank. Yeah. That's Lex Friedman loved that episode. He told me about that dude. We did a battle accrete episode. And it's true. 'cause my mother was a little child during the occupation. Accrete, the battle Accrete is a wild, His mother grew up in Nazi occupied Greece. Yeah. Wild. And so what the Nazis would do is they would take a girl from the village because they were marching troops through, you know, all over the place, through the mountains, the gorillas, the Greek gorilla fighters, which was the local populations.


They were also with the British and New Zealand and Australian troops. But they would pluck 'em off 'cause they knew the terrain. And they would just, they would pluck 'em off gorilla warfare. So the Nazis were so brutal, but smart in a devious way. They would take a girl from the village and put her up high on the truck to march through that area of that village so the gorillas wouldn't shoot. So they were gonna take my aunt, my mom's mother. So they sent my aunt to go hide in the mountains. And the Nazis came to my mother's parents' house to her house. And my mother was like seven at the time. And they came with their flashlights. They pulled the, the sheets back of my mother. And supposedly like she was too small.


So they kind of knew they wanted a girl who was like teenager, kind of tall. So it wasn't too brutal 'cause it was like a little kid. But it was like enough that it would ward off the gorillas from firing at No, but what is the gorillas? 'cause if they missed or would, if they got Nazi got shot, then they would kill the girl on The truck. Yeah. They're basically going, it's basically a hostage going like we're taking a village girl, putting her up and making her visible because they don't know the terrain. This is a Crete is very mountainous, you know. And so then, then they would do that and they were gonna take my aunt. So that's wild. A family friend who worked for the Nazis, because he spoke German, warned my family about it. And then that's when they sent my aunt to go hide in the mountains.


Oh my God. Wild Stuff. Right. And then my parent, my mother said that there was a Nazi soldier who would come to their house every single day. They had to let him in and he'd go to a room every day. And they didn't know what he did in there. There's, it's a family mystery. Nobody knows what he did. They let him in. He'd go to a room by himself and nobody knows what he did. Maybe he took a nap. Maybe he was a spy. Maybe he was a double agent. Wow. What else? He just had to let him in. Had to let him in. Crazy occupation for three years. That is what's really scary about people that they could justify that kind of thinking and behavior. It's scary that that's happened throughout history. And that's probably a civilized version of what would've happened in 1200. Oh yeah. Oh yes. Well, like Man, search for Meaning with Vitor Frankl.


You ever read that? No, I haven't. Vitor Frankl, he survived the Holocaust. But he wrote it during, while he was in a concentration camp and he was saying, I think it was, call it 1942. He was saying, if you would've told me and the people here in 1922 that this would be happening to us, we would say, no, no, no. Those are the barbarians from a hundred years ago that would ever do that. And now here I am sleeping in my own filth maybe being put into an oven so it can happen anywhere. Yeah. And he said that the peace, you know, he, he wrote it like, you know, he was like in the sixties or seventies, he was like, You know the, he grew up in wartime, so all his people want peace. And he was like, it's the kids that he worries about that grow up during peace. They're just gonna beg for war always.


He was like, that's just what will happen to them because they don't know anything other, he was like, but if you went through war, you don't want this. You don't wanna fight anybody. I Bet it's very abstract for the people that are calling for war. It's like Lindsey Graham talking about we gotta give that money to Ukraine. Like Lindsey Graham doesn't know Jack shit about being shot at. No, No, no. That's the, that's the story as old as time. Right. The politicians sending the boys As old as time. Yeah. And we do it, it seems mostly for corporate interest. No, you don't think we're more of a corporate oligarchy, like more than like a futile, like you were mentioning before, the emperor, the king dies. The sons we're kind of more, we, this is like a new kind of corporate Oligarchy.


It's, it's hard to just call it corporate 'cause it's also connected to government, like corporate and government. Just like the Chinese are in inseparable now. Right. You know, the amount of influence that enormous corporations have over politicians is crazy. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know, I mean, just look at these wacky bills like the bill that just shot down that people are justifying. Like did you, did you look at that bill? All the different stuff? No, that was in the bill. No. First of all, there's, there's bio labs in that bill gain of function research in that bill. 40% increase in raise for Congress in that bill. Some enormous amount of money to build a stadium in Washington, DC Like there's a lot of nutty shit in that bill.


And like how many different people were interested in those things. Right. How many, like you, when you're saying you bio labs, who the fuck is asking for biolab? Some corporation that's gonna benefit from the bio. Exactly. I mean, what the fuck are lobby groups? Why do we have lobby group? What is that? Well What is that? Well, that's the most expensive real estate in the country is the Virginia real estate outside of DC where the lobbyists live. Yeah. K Street too. Yeah. I mean it's like, It's like that and Appleton, you know where All the, the tech dorks live? Yeah. I mean, what is that in our system? Lobby groups. Right? Like that should not be a thing. It's weird. Yeah. It's the influence of money that has gotten a hold of politics in this country. It's to try to root that out. So then what's the best form of government Then?


This is better. Better than, this is better than anywhere else in the world by far. We have the most freedom because we have the first amendment. Because we have the ability to do whatever you want to do. No one's forcing you into a marriage. No one's forcing you into labor. Right. You can choose your path in this country. And that's what's rare. Right. You know, it's an experiment and self-government. It's not perfect. It's the best that's available. It needs to be overhauled, but it's pretty fucking awesome. Yeah. Right. And it always, it's amendable, right. It's fluid, which is important because of human nature is not perfect. Sure. That's why I never sign on to any like, ideologies utopian theories or the, because you, it's a mix of systems that works because human nature is so complicated and individuals are so different that one company will be run by a moral good guy.


Another company will be dumping toxic waste into the Hudson River. And it's like, you have to regulate, you have government has to step in sometimes a little bit to protect the people from nefarious things like that, you know? Right. Especially when corporations have a why they have a obligation to make more money every the year. Right. Yeah. They have an obligation in their shareholders. Yeah. They don't, they're they're out. This guy likes yachts. I like yachts. I wanna keep my yacht. How fun. You gotta fucking, you gotta keep making that loot. Yeah. How do you make that loot? You gotta fucking get rid of that shit cheaper. Yeah. There's a river. The guy said it's cool. Dump it in the river. Yeah. And now you Can't say, whoops, we didn't do That. Yeah. And now you can't repair iPhones. They make you buy a new iPhone every year. Clothes last like one wash change The, the charging port.


Yeah. Yeah. Isn't it better if I sell you a new one than fix it? Fuck off with this Fixing. It's And where do they put all that waste? Where does it all go? Landfills, Right? Yeah. That's not a sustainable system. Singapore has an amazing system. You ever seen Singapore's recycling system? No. It's fantastic. It's really wild. I mean, if they could implement that worldwide, it would be pretty phenomenal. What do they do? They, they recycle everything. Like we don't really recycle plastic. We say we're recycling. Right. I'll throw it in the blue bin. I feel bad about myself. No, that's not doing a goddamn thing. That blue bin is gonna go in the ground. Right. The only thing they really recycle is like aluminum and some metals because it's cost effective. It's too expensive to recycle plastic, so they just put it in fucking landfills.


Right. You think you're being a good guy by throwing it into that fucking recyclable bin. Right. It's not getting anywhere but in the ground. Right. That's it. But not Singapore. Singapore. See if you could find, I know we've, we've done this before. There's a, a detailed description of how they do it in Singapore. They use it to make the, the, the surface of their roads. They take fucking everything. Everything. They're the guard. They have these waste incineration plants. They burn things off 24 hours a day, seven days a week. And then they take the whatever is usable that they can change and recycle. They make new things out of it. They turn it into raw fuels. Dude, it is so advanced over there.


Yeah. You look at that city and you go like, they started the cities in America and then they just shipped them over to the east. Yeah. Look at This. They're using this to make bricks. They're taking this stuff and I mean, they use it to pave their streets. This is all made out of this stuff that they've gotten from recycling. So that's, so why don't we do that? It's, we can't do it. They're isolated. Right. So they, they had a problem. Much like Puerto Rico has a problem and that like you don't have a lot of landmass. That's the setup that Tony needed. Well Tony actually, that's where the joke came From. I know, I know. He just needed, I if he just saved It, he needed to not do it at a fucking political r is What he needed. But if you're gonna do it, just set it up. Go. You know, just, or even when it didn't work at the end go, Hey, you guys dunno about the garbage issue.


No, You can't do it. Or You know now about the garbage issue. You know, something like that. Yeah. You tell me if Tony Hendrick Cliff didn't live in the 14 hundreds, he would be like a very evil prince. Like living in a castle. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, or a jeer. Yeah, A hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. He would, he would take, he would take people from Rome. I think they Were forced to do that. I think it was a, a situation where like, they've gotta do something. 'cause I don't think they had the same access to new materials and, and they just came up with a much more comprehensive way to Better Way. Right. Yeah. Way better. If we did it that way, we'd have so few problems with regards to waste. Demystifying Singapore's waste management system.


Large part of the problem. Getting people to be more sustainable. They often don't understand how waste management works in their city. Da. I just, that might be overstated how good their prob their situation is. It's Also, they just listen. Well, It's far better than ours. Right. Burning All The trash probably isn't A good idea's. Asian people just listen. They have a common theme and they'll just listen. You're not gonna get a bunch of different people in America to just listen. Right. Put that back Up please. Right. So I can see what they are doing it from. And I was trying to find the, I was gonna read through it. Oh, Okay. Okay. Find the good part of it. I think that we could definitely do it better than we're doing it. And if it costs more money, wouldn't that be better than just throwing it in the fucking ground? Like Yeah. We're so shortsighted in what we do with tax dollars and we don't get a say in it. And that's what's fucked up.


And The corporations just don't plan for end of life of the product. They don't care. They just want it. All they care about is their bottom line. They don't. Right. It costs money for them to consider recycling or Yeah. What's gonna happen with the product when it's done. I've been getting glass bottles of milk now from the supermarket because if you get this glass bottle of milk, they say the milk's better. And then I can give the glass bottle back and I, number one, I get $3 back and they say that they clean them out and they just put more milk in the glass bottle. Go old School. I, well I go even older school, I just still suck on my wife's tit. That's it. Yeah. So that's still there. Yum. Yummy. What is this, Jeremy? I mean, is this the garbage pile? It's one of their landfills there. The landfills are gonna be full in 10 years Or so. Yeah. I think that's part of their problem. So they were forced to figure out what to do with All the stuff.


But they recycling program I know is way better than ours. You know, they're just much better at sorting things out and making it work. Also note in that video we watched that city they showed was China, not Singapore. Oh, Interesting. Oh, so they're building them in Singapore or they, I just, someone made a video. They taking them from Singapore and then building 'em in China? Or is it just, I just, Someone made a video of Just China to Oh, so it's horse horseshit a little bit. Little bit horseshit. And Singapore is a country they don't fuck around. Right. That's the country they'll get hit. When you get hit. Got caned. You'll get caned. That was a big story when I was a little kid. Everyone thought they were gonna get caned for gum. You get hit with bamboo sticks. Gotta hurt. Have You heard about this story in Vietnam? This chick, this chick, this chick is like Hall of fame level fraud. Like 54 billion.


She's up there with Bernie Madoff. What Is that? What'd she do? This Chick? Pull it up, Jamie. Yeah. I feel like Rogan baby. Yeah. Jamie pull her up. This chick is a woman and she set up this elaborate scheme to steal like 12 billion, but it actually is more and they're gonna kill Her. Why didn't she have a mask on? Yeah. I Don't know. 'cause they wanted to get covid. Yeah, right. Fuck that bitch. She Is. That's it. What Did she do? So she set up, she was set up these fake shell corporation. She was, she was a, a stockholder or one of the owners of the bank, but a minority owner. And she was just funneling out money.


Well, she's gotta come up with three quarters of what she earns or she gets killed. That's a good movie right there. Yeah. That's a Good movie. 9 billion Dollars'. Joe, if she does give him that much money, they just give her life in prison. Yeah, But she's not gonna come up with that money. 'cause I think it's 54 billion. Actually, if I remember correctly, She embezzled 54 Bill. Yeah. I mean it's, it's up there. Yeah. What Did she do? It says 27 billion in this One. 27. 27 were misappropriated. 12 billion was judged to be embezzled most serious financial crime for which she sentenced to death. It was a rare and shocking verdict. She's one of the very few women in Vietnam to be sentenced to death for white collar crime. What did she do? She, she, yeah, I mean we could look it up. Let's find the, the whole story.


Amazing. She did it through a bank. See secretly controlled Saigon commercial bank country's fifth biggest lender taking out loans and cash over more than 10 years. Here we go to a web of shell companies amounting to a total of 44 billion. There You go. So I was off by 10. Oh my god. Yeah. I mean that's up to say 27 billion would misappropriated, 12 billion was judged who been embezzled most serious financial crime, which was sentenced to death a Tuesday. The court said there was no basis to reduce her sentence. However, she could still avoid the execution if she returns 9 billion, three quarters of the 12 billion. She embezzled that bitch had so much money. So Much.


How are you gonna get 9 billion? Give her Credit. Imagine, imagine embezzling 9 billion and being like, I need more. Yeah. Right. I mean three. I mean that is fucking crazy. But give her credit. That's so much money. You could literally spend a hundred million dollars a year for the rest of your life. Yeah. And you're to run outta money with All the interest and everything coming in. Yeah, Of course. It's a thousand billion. So you have 12,000 billion dollars. Yeah. And you're still going. Yeah. Or 12,000 million dollars rather. And you're still going. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, That's so much money. You think she's Gonna be able to get the nine bill back? No, she's calling friends up. They're going like, we dont know you now. 'cause she had conspirators with her. She had family and friends that were helping her and Yeah.


Look, so there's 85 defendants were convicted. Her husband, her niece, they were given sentences, but like Yeah, I mean her friends. So Everybody was getting a little taste. Everyone was getting little peace, a little taste. It was a score. Fun. Nice Score. It was a nice score. Oh boy. And to pull passion, but to pull that off in communist Vietnam that I know they have a little bit of a, you know, peria stroke kind of mixed economy now. But you gotta give her credit as a woman. That's achievement. Right there. It is. Achievement. I wonder how she got caught. I wonder what was the, what was the thing she fucked up on? She Probably bought a diamond ring. You know those chicks like diamonds did something, something. She had a fucking giant Rolls Royce. Yeah. Fucking a driver Crypto who got Caught crypto.


He stole a bunch of money from crypto and got caught.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now you can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


This episode is brought to you by trae's, new lineup of grills, the Woodridge series with a new digital controller app connectivity. A convenient grease and ash keg and accessory rail to hang tools and spice racks and so much more. It's the grill that can deliver wood fired flavor for years to come. Need more grilling space. Woodridge Pro adds a side shelf while Woodridge Elite includes a side burner sear, bake, or barbecue. It's wood fired flavor with no flareups. Learn more and shop now@traeger.com. And remember to use the code Rogan for free shipping.


I'm doing something dumb. He was just spending by Lambos by wasting All the money. So somebody just, what do you Mean what Lambos is? How are you supposed to spend the money? Make it on crypto? No, but he stole like billions dollars. That's Exactly what it's for. If you, if you make billions of dollars on, on crypto and you don't have a Lambo, you're an asshole. That's how you get Caught though. Of course. Of course. Somebody sent me an email the other day and said that they have like, they hacked into my phone computer. Wait, Jamie put that back. And they have videos of me doing disgusting things and jerking off and all that. And they said the only way that they can make it go away is if I, and they gave me a link and they said, I have to pay them in Bitcoin. I have to pay them in all this Bitcoin. So I was just like, You know, I, I mean, I didn't obviously do it, but I was just like, show me the video.


Yeah, show it to me. Yeah. Don't, I'll repost at this point as comics, I would repost it. Yeah, I would, I would repost it with fucking links to my dates. Just, I just wanted, you see how wild this is? The government does not publish. How many people are on death row in Vietnam? Mm. Human rights groups say there's thousands. It's a state secret. Speaking of crypto, what's going on with that hawk Toit chick? Is she gonna jail? What happened? Now? What happened to Hawk? That's My girl. No one from her. What Did she do? Her over 300 hours, I think. What Does that mean? She went to sleep and she hasn't woke up. What did she Do? She just hasn't been on social media. You mean? It's Not like she's hiding A coin. Was launched with her meme and she was like the front of it. I don't know All the details of, is that a crime? She was No, no, no, no. Well, the pump and dump might be the crime. The the, the thing was, there was a, an enormous amount of money that was put into this meme coin by all these people.


And then she or someone representing her side of it sold like instantaneously and made a huge score and then the coin was worth nothing. Mm. So all those people that invested money, like one guy invested a million dollars. Like imagine you're like, oh, the Hawk Tour girl. Yeah. That's a sound investment. Yeah. That seems like a good place to put my nest egg. Some people For sure lost money, but there's, it was definitely a time to just troll and be like, oh, I'm such an idiot. I lost $10 million on this. 'cause I thought like people were trolling the whole movement of like being dumb and following Haua. But some people did lose money. I don't want, is She actually gonna go to jail for real? Is can they That that, who knows that? Can The SEC invest crypto like that? I guess it depends.


I guess they can now. Right? On What she knew And what she did. Well it's like what are the rules? What are rules? What are the rules in terms of like, are you allowed to do that? Like, is that unethical but legal? Like are you allowed to have a meme coin and it gets to like a hundred million dollars. You have a bunch of it and you just sell it all and you make 50 million bucks. Are you allowed to do that? If you're not allowed to do that, what's the point in having 50 million bucks? Right. You do you not have trust in the hawk to a coin If I sell it, that's ridiculous. That's on you. That's not me. That's, I mean, trust. I did the smart thing right? And I got out when I thought it was a good price. Yeah. And I'm selling it to people. Yeah. They should take that and run with it. And this would be the next currency of the world I invested. Imagine like to it. You think Idiocracy is, if it's a documentary, imagine if it's a hawk to it, girl.


It, it overcomes fucking what? Fiat currency. Well, have you Ever seen how many coins there are? How many cryptocurrencies? Oh, it's bunch. And they had, some of 'em have really funny names and dude, The one of trade them, one of 'em was called butt coin. Yeah. I took two 50 Bucks Hawk to a girls. I like how her name is just Hawk to a girl. Yeah. Her name's Ha Hailey. Oh yeah. Hanley Welch. Yeah. Biz partners are getting sued over the meme coin disaster. Okay. The partners are doing it. So it was probably some people she got invested and she probably doesn't understand all that stuff. She's only 22 or something like that. Right. It's probably the partners that went with her, they pump and dumped on her and then she's left holding the bill.


'cause nobody knows who they are. So scroll up. I'm just guessing. I don't know. Yeah. Legal firm of Bewick laws filed a US federal lawsuit on behalf of the investors against the creators of the influencer. Push hawk to a meme coin which fell on its face in the hours following its launch. Hailey Welch, who gained notoriety this year with the hawk to a girl, following a viral interview about sexual technique facing a disastrous Solana meme coined launch at the start of the month. Not only did the price collapse by 93% from a $490 million peak, holy shit. $490 million peak market cap for a hawk to a coin with a rug pole allegations quickly surfacing.


But a cluster of connected wallets holding 96% of the supply led to further controversy. The hate only increased when it was found that some of the wallets were selling quickly. Burwick Law posted on Twitter asking for Hawk buyers impacted by the plunge of step forward to create a potential lawsuit. Now, two weeks later, the lawsuit has been filed naming 12 American resident plaintiffs who claim to have collectively suffered damages in excess of $151,000. If I lost a million bucks, I'd be in that fast. Yeah. That's weird. Isn't that weird? Like, there's only 12 people and they've only lost 151 total. I wonder how many people, like all told, invested in the hawk to a corn. How many stone cold retards are out there roaming the world?


Oh No. But this is inspiring. Should we do a history hyena coin? I'm telling you. Do it and then Yeah. Do it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't listen to Jamie. All right. All right. Do it. Get it real high and then sell. Make the money. Yeah. That's it. Just fuck all those dummies that are buying your stupid fucking coin. Yeah. Yeah. Y we're announcing it right now. The history hyena coin will be available. We're gonna launch it. This is, this is how you do it. Yeah, you can, this is a win-win for everybody. You're gonna have a history of hyena coin, but the only way to purchase it is with a hawk to a coin. Right. Got it. Right. Smart. Right. So that way Everybody's a winner. Everyone's A winner. Everybody's a Winner. The coin makes a comeback. Yeah. Both of you grow. Yeah. The rising tide lifts all boats. Yeah. So we could finally get Hawk tour on our show that way.


Yeah. This went viral. This was a video of a kid. He is in his house stream. He was streaming this online. He started a coin and then pumping, dump it. Look at this kid. He made like 50 grand while happen. He's pumping and dumping it in front of everybody. He's, he starts freaking out here as he watches it go up. Hey. And he got to, how quickly did he dump? He doesn't Even know what's going on. He dumps it. So this video's a minute long. He dumped it in the mini. He's watching it go up right now. How can you hear it? Wait, what? He just recognized. How old is this Kid? I think 13. Wait, What? Maybe. Wait, I'm so confused. Oh, It's new. Why is it new? There's people watching this too. That's the other voices you're hearing. Oh, Holy fuck.


Holy fuck you. Fuck it. Holy Fuck. He just, he just dumped it. Yeah, he did. Yo, you, you, you yo yo yo. So He, he has no idea he's committed a crime. Is that a crime? Yeah. I that I What is a crime? How does that work so much? How come Nancy Pelosi can make all that money? Everyone knows a crime. Underst. I understand what the crimes are. I Don't understand. I don't Understand. I don't get it. There's an SEC regulation against that. Yeah. You gotta, yeah. You can look it up. Yeah, Of course. What about like when Tom Brady and Larry David got in trouble for the FTX thing and they were just promoting doing a commercial. How were they in trouble for promoting a coin? Well, I never understood that. It remains to be seen whether or not to be charged or whether it be found guilty.


But how could they even be Remotely? 'cause someone lost a bunch of money and they said, Larry, David, I trusted you. Right. You, you were promoting this thing that I think is, that's the reason why I've never promoted any of those. Because I've had offers to promote things like that for real money. I'm not interested. I'm like, Uhuh, I don't even understand it. Yeah. If I don't understand it. Like you're selling what you're selling NFTs. What does that mean? It's a non fungible token. We're done. Right. I don't know what you're saying. Right. I'm not doing this. Right. It's like too many fucking bros that are out there doing this that, you know, the Lambo drivers, right. This, this, it's like a fuckery culture. So do you understand crypto fully or is it still one of those things like, Oh, I understand it. Yeah. Yeah. I understand it. It's just like, it's weird that anybody would invest actual real money in it.


I understand Bitcoin more than All the other ones. But even Bitcoin is mysterious. You know, there's a lot of weird, I mean, they don't even know who made it. There's all these, there's a whole documentary around Satoshi Nakamoto whose real the identity is and Yeah. It's all controversial. Yeah. That's weird. You know, the fact that there's a certain stable amount of them though, that's encouraging. You know, that you can't make more of them. Okay. But That's exactly what artists do to give their art value. That's how you do it. You limit the supply and then, oh, these are only 10 original paintings and this is what I'm charging. 'cause there's only 10 prints of these. And so you create the value by the scarcity. Right. So there's nothing mysterious about that Sort of, but it also limits the ability to add coins to it anytime you want and devalue it.


Right. Right. So that's what's more important than like making it scarce. So people like it more. It's, it is weird that we, we used to be on a gold standard and then now we're just on hard drives and we just sort of accept it. And then the government, like when they wanna send money to Ukraine, forget about the fact that we're trillions of dollars in debt. They could just come up with $179 billion and ship it over to some country. Yay. Go have a good time. Right. And you know, there's wild reports about the amount of corruption that, that this money is experiencing. I mean, this money has probably gone through more people's noses And, you know, and come outta more people's dicks.


Like, how much? Right. Where's this money going? It's so much. There's no way. It's 100% efficient. Uhuh. Yeah. You have Bitcoin, not that Part of the world. No, I don't understand it so much. Like Joe, I just don't stay away. Yeah. I just stay away. Yeah. It's like when someone explains curling to me, you know, the sport curling. Sure. I'm like, I don't even, when I get the rules, I'm like, I still don't understand what's going, You know, I was in New Feland, I did a show up there once and the, the place that was at was like a plate. It was in like a, a theater. And in this theater apparently they have like curling shows. And so like when you're walking down the hallway in the back to before you go on stage, there's all these fucking photos of people curling. And I just went out there and started shitting on curling like right away. And they were so bummed out.


They were so bummed out that I, It's like, it looks like the housekeeper Olympics or something. Yeah. They're just sweeping the ice. It's Dumb. Yeah. It's such a Dumb, dumb Sport. Sport. It's like bowling for retards, right? Yeah. It's like regular bowling. It's too complicated. Yeah. Right. But they're good. I mean, there's people that are good at it. Well, I don't know how you're good at it, but I kind of get it. 'cause it's, it's kind of like billiards, right? Or pool. You're rolling this thing. You're trying to like just roll it just enough. Just this feel. You get this feel to it. You're just like, let it go now. Right. Let it slide. Sweep it, sweep it. Sweep it. Yeah. Get rid of the friction sweep in Front.


So that's what they're doing. Sweep in front of. Yeah. Friction. Ah, yeah. That's what the sweeping, they're trying to get rid of the friction. Right. They don't want need dust. Dust. Yeah. Yeah. They Don't need snow. Dust. Right. It's stupid From their states. It's so stupid. It's stupid. Yeah. It's so stupid. But if you grow up and there's nothing to do and you suck at hockey. Yeah. Just curl. You play that. I guess it's the golfing of ice sports, I guess. Yeah. Right. I wouldn't golfing's way more complex. Yeah. But I just mean like, you don't need any real athletic talent to do it. Like how do you retire? You don't think Golfing, you Need athletic to Golf from golfing. For golfing? Not really. You definitely do for the drive. You See these guys bodies, the Yeah, yeah, yeah. But the coordination of your body to drive a golf ball. Jamie's a nut who's a Jamie town.


How, how, I Know. I was about to say like, there's guys that can, that are like paralyzed. That can still Golf. Yeah. I mean it's really like, How do you golf with your mind? Like you saying No, I mean they can literally just swing an arm. They, they're strapped into a contraption that sets them upright and points them. I've seen blind people golf. I Mean, Nate Barky golf, he's good. Look at his body. He's gott. But here's Point. I point know what your point to hit at four oh hundred yards, that's a hundred percent athletic. Yeah. And you can't just accidentally do that. Yeah. I mean even John Dailey, You can say John Dailey's fat and all that stuff, but John Dailey, when you watch him move the efficiency Yeah. His movements. Sure. You know, like we were talking about Mark Hunt. Mark Hunt's a big guy, but it's still fuck people up. Right? Yeah. It's still an athlete. Yeah, Sure. Like a lot of these fat golfers, there's fuck you up.


There's a thing they know how to do. Right. They whack that ball and they, and they know exactly how to fuck and put a little spin on that motherfucker. A little wh action on that Difference between pro and being able to play the game is like, it's Different. Right. Being A banker and Playing Monopoly. So like, you ever seen Bartolo cologne, the pitcher for the Mets? No. Look at Google. I thought that was a cologne you were doing Barolo co. This guy's body's the best. Look At Barolo cologne. Yeah. If, if you pull up bar B-A-R-T-O-L-O, I mean, look at this guy and he just threw heat. The major Jesus guy. And he would just, you know, And, And he was fun about it. He was fun about being fat. He would sit in the locker room with no shirt on eating cheeseburgers. Nobody gave a shit. And he, look at this, look at that one with the helmet flying off his head. Well, as long as you're good at that sport, He Was good.


And that sport is a sport that doesn't require endurance. That's what's important. No, you don't have to do anything for a prolonged period of time. No. The the furthest thing you have to do is run to a base. Yeah. And if you gotta run to all of 'em, that's crazy. Yeah. What did you do? Generally, if you run into all of 'em, You can kind of trot because you just knocked it outta the park. Right. What do you think the sport that requires the most endurance? Obviously not thinking about like long distance running. 'cause that's obvious. But like, I, you know what? I think it is what I think hockey. Well, soccer too. Yeah. But the hockey, you notice how those guys can only be on the ice for like Two minute shifts. Two minutes. And they cause it wasn so hard to skate like that. Can't do it. Yeah. That's Good point. Good point. Can't do it. Soccer players stay on the field the whole game. Yeah.


'cause they get to rest and slow down. Even the best Gretzky, they can't Two minutes. Two minutes Do It. It's Crazy. It's crazy. Four lines I think. So when they go two minutes, how much they take off before they go back? I think it's like another minute or two. But it's multiple lines. Like, You know, like That they just constantly go on and off and off. 'cause they just can't, 'cause they have to continuously skate. Can you imagine what a hockey game would, would look like if they'd never let 'em use the bench? Oh, That would be hilarious. Oh my God. Hilarious. Insane. Yeah. People would drop dead. Yeah. They would just drop dead too. That would be wild. Yeah. They would be drop dead. Have you ever seen hockey live an NHL Li that to me, besides MMA, I saw an MMA fight once. That was amazing. And then second is NHL. It's very fast. NHL Those guys on skates. Whether you know the rules or not, it's amazing. It Really, it's a very, very fast game.


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's Crazy. And the skill to be able to skate. I can barely skate at all. I'm barely standing up these motherfuckers. Yeah. And it's the only sport where you're allowed to fist fight in. Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. It's written Into the rules. Yeah. It's encouraged. You're allowed to duke it out. Yeah. Which is so crazy that that's the only one. Yeah. 'cause I think people don't really know where the puck is. And so they're just, everyone's just waiting around for a fight. No, It's grandfathered in the, the the punching each other. Has anyone ever seen a goal when it actually happened in real time? It happens too fast. That's why they have the siren on top of the goal. Well, You know what I really like on tv where they have that circle over it so that you know where the puck is at all times. Like just a lot of craziness happening.


Yep. It's like if you're watching a football, if you're watching a football game from like the 30th row and you're looking down like what happened? Right. Who's got the ball? Yeah. Like after, you know, after the ball gets hiked, it's like, who's who? Where'd it go? Did it go to him? They're faking you out. You don't know. Right. Unless you see the guy throw it. Yeah. You don't know what's happening. Yeah. And what about like, old hockey goalies would do it with no helmet. Oh. And just get the puck. And then we have athletes. Oh. You see those faces, their faces, the way their faces used to look. Do You think those guys ever sat on the bench and talked about mental health? Nobody told them what it was. No. They didn know. No. No. I don't think so. You Think they ever talked about their mental health? I think they had some struggles with it though. Oh yeah. Yeah. Taking a couple of shots to the head. Oh, No question. Yeah. I mean, yeah, Of course.


Of course. I mean, no question. Just be terrifying. Yeah. Yeah. That's more than die. I Mean, I mean the guy's blocking it with his face. Yep. It's just What it is. All the scars that he had on his face from his entire career. Terry Sawchuck. That sounds like just a badass name. Yeah. That is a face Man. Look at that dude. Yeah. Imagine if that guy gets mad at you in the bar. You're like, yes sir. Bye. I go, Yeah, I don't want that. That's a guy's seen some, Who do you think is disgust? Oh Jesus. Look at his face. Yeah. Had one. Oh. And he had a mask on it. Broke the mask, fucked his face up. Jesus Christ. I mean, yeah. I mean, they flick that thing. It's so hard. Right at your face So fast. Yeah. Who's the scariest warrior? Like from history, you would never want to go up against? Like, would it be like, you know, like a wild Native American on the planes.


A guy from Jen Kahn and Nazi. Who do you, who would you be like, shit, this guy's gonna fucking kill me. It's gonna Hurt. I say the Vikings Viking because they were the biggest think and they were on mushrooms, dude. Is that true? Yeah. I didn't know that. They, those Iceland guys that win the world's Strongest man competition All the time. Like those guys like the mountain from Game of Thrones. Where do you think that gene line came from? Vikings. 100%. Those were the dudes that were in that fucking boat with the dragon head at the front. And when they pulled up at your shore, everybody just ran. Yeah. That's It. But can I just nominate someone? Yes. We've not been thinking about, I mean, it's obviously not an underrated 'cause everyone knows about him, but let's just talk about the record.


Alexander the Great who led his troops undefeated in battle. He's the Floyd Mayweather of Generous, undefeated. That's crazy. Record. Never lost a battle. That's Crazy. That's true. And conquered the known world at that time took down the mighty Persian empire. But if the Vikings were alive back then, they might kill him and his little boyfriend too. I, They had enough of them. There was enough Of them. Think so, dude. Yeah, they, they killed each other a lot too. Unfortunately. The Vikings, and they were civilized the Vikings too. It wasn't Well, but did you ever see the biological warfare when they would light the, I read this thing where they would, they would the rats on their boat when they were going to whatever, wherever they were invading, they would wait. They, they would get look for infected rats. Somehow. They knew they would light, they would get close enough.


They would light their tails on fire and then shoot them into over the walls. And then let the rats run around and infect people and bite people or whatever. And wait it out for like 40 days and just then go in when the town was all dying of some disease. Whoa. That's another, that's, That's The fact. The Vikings real were, they were brutal. They would even kill like the priests in the churches. They would do bad stuff. Have You ever seen Alexander de degrades ruins in Afghanistan? In person? Dude, Not in person. Dude. I don't wanna go to Afghanistan. Photographs. Photographs. No. Nobody wants to go to Afghanistan. That's the problem. Archeologists can't go there to study 'em. But they have ancient Greek cities. I know. They look Like Wow. Like beautiful ancient Greek cities.


Yeah. Right. That are in the middle of Afghanistan. Yeah. That's sick. My friend who served over there was telling me about it. Yeah. He's like, you go there. You can't believe what you're seeing. He had a bunch of pictures of it. Yeah. It's like, this is the craziest thing. It's like you're in Athens. Gotta Not been crazy. Not the Greeks kind of nailed some stuff. Oh yeah. My people kind of Democrat. You know what you really should read? Yeah. The immortality key. Have you read that? No. Brian Murra rescue, he's a scholar who was studying the use of psychedelic drugs in ancient Greece where the Ellucian mysteries, I heard of this where everybody would go to learn about democracy and like it was all, they were all like tripping balls. Yeah. And they've found evidence now from these vessels, these pottery vessels that inside these vessels, they were drinking wine and, but it wasn't wine.


The wine wasn't just by, it wasn't just alcohol. They would mix it with a bunch of different psychedelic compounds. And one of them was ergot. So they found residue of ergot, which is a psychedelic that gives you like an LSD like experience. So they were all drinking wine and tripping balls and figuring out democracy And you know, like fucking the stars and constellations, they were outta their heads. Yeah. Yeah. You have To, the birthplace of so much of western society has come from that one spot. When's The last time you bang that? A little LSD. It's been a long time. Yeah. You think you'll bang it out again one day before you go. I would like it to be legal before I admit to that. Oh, right. All right. This is what I think. Oh, I thought LSD was legal.


We have new, Oh, New. New, new. Super illegal. Oh, all right. Schedule one. When I think when we realize the benefits of these things, and hopefully it's within our lifetime, especially for people that have PTSD, like soldiers, that'll open the door for that. And then they'll have clinics where regular people can use it. And then they can get over a lot of the shit that people are struggling with. There's a lot of people that could have a psychedelic experience and snap themselves back onto a better course in life. Right. And if it's illegal, that number of people's gonna be very limited. Right. But like all things, it's gonna have side effects. This is the thing. It's like there's no biological free lunch. And if you're doing something that's blowing your brains out, like LSD, there's a certain amount of people who aren't coming back.


Right. Right. And that's real. 'cause there's a certain amount of people who have a very fragile grasp on reality as it is. Right. You give that person nine grams of psilocybin mushrooms and you've got a real fucking problem. They might not ever come back. Were You able to snap back quick? You could Snap back. Yeah. It depends on what you're doing, you know, and when you're doing it, what time in your life and how, what the experience was like. But it should be something that's controlled. It should be something that, where you have places you can go where they have a, a very strict protocol. They measure your weight. They know what the dose is to give you, you can do it in a calm and clean and safe setting. Right.


Regulated. They, they have counselors, they have people that understand. They screen you to make sure that you're not on any psych medications first. That would interfere with it. That's what we should have. Just like we have hospitals, just like we have mental health institutes. Just a, this should be psychedelic research centers that are connected to treatment facilities. Right. There You go. I wanna do it. I mean, I mean, ketamine, that's what ketamine therapy is in some small ways. Right? Exactly. It's very psychedelic. In fact, John Lilly, the guy who created a sensory deprivation tank, that was his vibe. He used to like to do ketamine in there. He would do intramuscular ketamine. So he would go into the, the sensory deprivation tank and fucking bang himself with ketamine into the muscles.


'cause it would last a long time. And just, It Would just fucking exist in this other dimension for hours at a time. Yeah. That was his thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, dude, I got, I wanna hit a should we should do a sensory deprivation tank together. I have one here. He's got one here. You have one here? Yeah. Dude. You want to hit it? No. Oh yeah. He won't do it. See, he gets a little, he won't. I get a little scared of stuff. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's worth being scared. Yeah. But that's not dangerous. It's not scary. Like what? Whatever weird feelings you have, if you can't handle it, all you have to do is open the door and you're sober instantaneously. Right, right. It's different than anything else. Right. But if it was a drug, if the sensory deprivation tank was a drug, it would be a very psychedelic drug. Right. If it was just a drug, when you, you lay in there and your eyes are wide open, but it's pitch black and you're floating, you're completely weightless.


If that was a drug, it'd be a very popular drug. Now, when you've done this stuff, have most people seem to say their ego disappears over the horizon type of stuff. They realize everything's connected. Have you had that experience? You Definitely realize everything's connected. And your ego, you realize is both protecting you and holding you back. Because your ego is like, you need a little bit of ego if you wanna make it in life, because you need to have enough confidence in yourself that you ask the girl out on a date that you're attracted to, or that you chase the job that you want, or that you like. Stand up for yourself when you feel like you're getting fucked over in a business deal. Like you need some ego. You can't be completely selfless. You're not gonna get anywhere.


But then you have to realize that, that you are, you are very fragile and your ego is protecting you from a lot of like true understanding of the life experience. Right. You know, and one of the most profound things that happens with psychedelic experiences is the complete dissolving of ego. And then you kind of see yourself and everyone around you in a way more objective way. And you realize like, oh my God, we're all energy, like feeding off of each other and we're pretending that we're isolated and we're singular. We're on our own. That's why like, really Ill people will tell you, I don't have any friends. I don't like people, I don't wanna be around people. You know, I don't, you know, if you've, you've got a guy who's a fighter pilot's, like, I don't hang around with fire pilots.


Like, he's probably really depressed. Like something's wrong with him. If you're, if you don't hang out with your peers, if you're not, you don't have friends, you don't enjoy comradery and community, you wanna pretend that you're like this isolated, like dark poet or something like that. You're probably very mentally ill. Yeah. It's probably something really wrong with you. Well, We're high hardwired social species. Yes. 100%. And we enjoy each other's company. Yeah. We, we, we feed off of it. It's the worst thing they can do for you in jail is put you in solitary confinement. The worst thing they can do. You're in a fucking, you're in a giant cage filled with prisoners and rapists and murderers. The worst thing they could do is leave you alone. Right. Well, that's why I believe the internet's bad is because it's, it's it's fake community. Right.


Yeah. Right, right, Right. And that's why people talk like a, a fake way. Right. They don't talk like they would ever talk if they were right in front of people. Right, right, right, right. And that's why I think it's bad 'cause it's messing with people's sense of what reality is. Yeah. And people are essentially disassociating when they're on there. Exactly. Right. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. And it's just, it's a very shallow way to communicate. And I think that if you do it like that All the time, your ability to communicate normally and the ability to socialize and just have conversations with people gets severely stunted. You know, like, you don't flex that. You don't, you don't use that muscle and it atrophies just like everything else. Right? Yeah. It's just, there's so many kids that are like completely socially disconnected other than the internet, which keeps them connected.


So they're socially connected through technology, but completely disconnected through like human touch, being around people, fun conversation, adventure, doing fun things. Yeah. They just exist in the same area and just get as much coming through the screen as they can. Yeah. And it's, It's Crazy. It's fake. It's not real. Yeah. That's, that's what's troubling. And, and that's what I worry about my kids. I go like, right. I want them to have human connection. Long conversations, experience people's energy looking at someone in the eyes is everything. Yeah. You know, feeling someone's energy. Like you said, it's a, you don't feel anything on the, the problem Also with kids is even when they're together, they're on their phones All the time.


That's A problem. Yep. Yeah. That's a problem. And this is one thing about podcasts that's fucking amazing because podcasts are one of the rare times in my life where for three hours I have no phone. Yeah. For three hours. Unless I'm checking something or sending Jamie something, I don't. And the people listening are also doing the same thing. They're connecting to you without doing that. Yeah. They're just connecting to hearing you. Yeah. Right. Yeah. They're, it's like a radio, a long radio show. They're not like, it's Beautiful Flipping through, scrolling, scrolling, scrolling, talking to other people and they're talking back and everyone's pretending like there's somebody else and catfishing each other. That's why I always used to like planes back in the day before wifi came around. Because when you were on a plane, if you didn't have a movie to watch or something like that, you just had to sit in that seat.


And when you just sit in that seat and you know, you can't go anywhere, I would get my best writing done. Oh, right. My best writing. 'cause I was like forced to write. Sure. I'm forced. I, there's no wifi. Have you Ever tried to go to the bathroom without your phone though? Oh, it's horrible. I can't even pee. My, my, it doesn't even work. It's impossible. Yeah. My detrusor muscle or whatever that muscle is that pushes out your pee. It won't come out. If I gotta poop really bad, I only got like 1%. I will go plug it in and hold my shit until I get enough to shit through. I Can't do it. That's why I think, that's why I think there's a, I bet you there's a spike in anxiety when we ask or people ask to have their, have to have their phones put away at a comedy show or a music show, whatever. Oh, for sure. I bet you their anxiety goes through the roof. Oh yeah. 'cause they're like, I can't, you know. Oh, people Complain All the time.


Yeah. It's the best thing. And you do that at the mothership, right? Yeah. It's the Best. It's the best thing. Yeah. It's better for everybody too. Yeah. It's better for the audience member. It's better for you. It's better for everybody. Yeah. Yeah. If you guys, if you were gonna get eaten by, would you, would you, would you rather it be an animal or a human? Yeah. Oh boy. Animal. You have to get eaten An animal. You Wanna want a cannibal to eat. Yeah. I want some guy knowing he's eating me Like that. You don't want him to have that power. That's Interesting. Yeah. Fuck that. Yeah. Yeah. Alligator Cro. What quick It would be quick about a hippo. Hippo would just snap you in half. You'd be dead in seconds. They drown you, right? Yeah. They just rip you apart. You don't want hyenas teacher. No, you do not want that. 'cause what do they do? They eat from the back. They, they, you Alive.


They have no concern about putting you down, killing you like a, a tiger. You know a cat will kill you. Yeah. Make sure you're dead before it eats you hyenas. Just start eating you. Yeah. Same as bears. Bears Just start eating. They just start eating. Just start Eating you. Yeah. They start eating wolves. Just start eating you. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Don't hyenas. Then throw up the food and then eat their puke. Yeah. They, that's how they, they're the Only animal. It's a true story. Yeah. They're the only animal that eats the full bone. Only animal on the planet that eat pulverizes the bone. Their jaw strength is such that they pulverize the bone and consume the bone as well. So when they're done, there's no carcass. They're the fucking best animal on the planet. They got pseudo penises. They're trans Transgender animal. They're fucking wild. I heard about the women are bigger than the men.


I, I loved your bit about it. They Smell too bad. And we started the podcast 'cause hyenas have always been my favorite animal. And we both loved history. And so we just combined those two things. But hyenas are hilarious. Dude. What was Your bit about hyena? I didn't hear it. It was great. It was a long bit. Oh. Oh, Okay. It's a long bit. It's a good bit. It's basically about the, their matriarchal power structure And why that's bad. Yeah. Right. Well it's also they had to do that because male hyenas are such cunts. They probably eat the babies. Yeah. Yeah. They're monsters. It's, but they, they, they're like a medium sized animal and a world of things way bigger than them. Yeah. So they're living around lions. They get it done. They use, they use, they trick. Trick you numbers. They confuse you. They're opportunity killers.


They love to kill, to steal kills. That laughing is real. That cackle. Yeah. That's real thing. They don't really know What it is either. They don't actually know what it Exactly. They're having fun. Yeah. It sounds like they're having a good ties. They're Yeah. They're just having fun. They're fucking brutal. Lions are like these fucking hyenas Again, dude. They, yeah. I mean, the hyenas just spoil fun. They show up and you're like, these fuck you ever see when like a cheetah works so hard. Yeah. Because cheetahs fail All the time and then they finally get a kill. And then you just hear the, you just hear that and then she just Probably going motherfucker. And they just come and they just steal It. Yeah. That whole area when you think about it is like the proving ground for like biological life.


Yeah. Like how are you going to keep the populations in order? How you gonna make sure the predators don't get outta hand? How you make, make sure that the, the hyenas always have to worry about the male lines. Look at that face. Yeah. Look at that face. Yeah. That face is so crazy. Yeah. I don't wanna get eaten by that Washing jaw muscles. I think, Oh my God. Look at that face. Yeah. That's so nuts. They're imagine that's the last thing you see before you get eaten. Yeah. I don Apart. I know why they're funny to me. How many people get die from hyenas every year? They Eat A lot of people. Do They? Yeah. Remember that picture that we saw of a hyena? It's got an elephant's foot in its mouth. Yeah. Oh, it's just running around with an elephant Fucking monsters. That was actually our first logo. We put our faces on that.


Ah. And then we tried to sell merch at it and people were like, I'm not buying this bloody hyena face. Fucking Idiots. Yeah. And also it was, it's not our picture to sell. Jamie, how many people die from hyenas every year? Hippos kill the most people in Africa. Right? Do they? Yeah. I believe so. I believe hippos are responsible for the most deaths in Africa. What Do they like? Is there a village or something that like lives close to the hippo in Africa. Africa. Think if you fuck around and you get in the water near your hippos, you ever see the hippos chasing boats? Yeah. They'll chase boats. It looks Like a fucking Super submarine. Super Territorial. Yeah. They're rough, man. Yeah. You think of 'em as hunger. Hunger hippo. Yeah. Well, we make the most monstrous animals. The cutest polar bears Hippos. Yogi. Yeah. Teddy bears. Yeah. They, every kid has a teddy bear.


You're like, you don't want Tony the tiger. Yeah. Right. Tony the tiger. How many people every year die? Let's take a guess before we find out. Okay. How many people die from hyenas every year are ready for This? I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say that I think in the world wa 50 people die of hyenas. And I think 75 die of cannibals. Whoa. That's what I think. More people get eaten by other people than hyenas. Wow. 50 and 75 is my guess. Wesley, how Would you, you'd have to count into places where people do it for revenge too. Like Haiti, they, they eat people for fun. Yep. That's what I'm Saying. Accounts pop all New Guinea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How many I, I think there's a very low number of cannibals every year where people get eaten by cannibals.


I would say it's less than 20 people eating by can. This is my guess. And maybe 75 people every year die from hyenas. I'm gonna go 800 to a thousand hyenas on the whole continent. Serengeti. Yeah. I mean Africa. Yeah. I'm gonna go every year. Thousand. Yeah. I mean a thousand. Wow. What about cannibals? Cannibals I think is a lot higher. I mean, how are we ever gonna get that number Right? Nobody eats somebody and then goes and reports it, right? Yeah. So that's impossible to know. Right. But I think hyenas you can track and I think they probably get hundreds, but Ask Google. 'cause Google tells you the truth. Track T Lies. I not that many. Yeah. Yeah. I bet it's not that many. What do we Got? Oh, I Was trying to find a good answer. I didn't.


It took me a while to find an answer. I found one story where a guy was killed by some that said it was the 60th in that year, but I didn't know what year it was. 60th. Hi hyena or cannibal Hyena death in that Year. Okay. I was, wow. I said 50, sorry. Person killed by hyenas. I should. Okay. Yeah. This 1998 to 99, 50 people were attacked by hyenas with 35 being children, 12 people killed. Ooh. Only 12 killed. I Know what, yeah. I'm not seeing tons of good info. All right. So I was wrong. If you're in that part of the world, you better be packing everywhere you go. Yeah. We need it. Bulletproof vest, shotgun, big Bowie knife, fucking everything. Yep. You're walking around a hyena country.


You better be ready to spray. Yeah. Since their attacks are actually kind of rare. Oh, okay. Hyena attacks. Who gets people the most over there? Hippos. Lions, maybe. Oh, Hippos. He said. Yeah. I think Hippos. Yeah. I think hippos are responsible for the most deaths in Africa every year. But You know who really is responsible for most deaths in Africa? Humans. Mosquitoes. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Which is fuckers crazy mosquitoes. They've Killed half of All the people that have ever died. Yeah. Mosquitoes. Mosquitoes have, right? Yeah. Mosquitoes have killed half of the people that have ever died. Yeah. It's crazy. Malaria. Yeah. The most dangerous animal on the planet. It makes you think like, is this our plant or is it their planet? Yeah. Hippopotamus animal that kills the most people in Africa with an estimated 500 death per year.


Wow. Fuck. 500 people get hippo every year. 20 miles an hour they can run. Yeah. That's real shit. Oh, it's real shit. If you have a bad knee, you're in real trouble. Yeah. Cape Buffalo, they kill a bunch of people every year. Puff at her. Okay. That's a snake. Snake. I would snake. Makes sense. How many people do you think die from African? African lions every year? I was thinking it was gonna be a lot like a hundred, but I guess I'm wrong. Well, if hippos are 500, it can't be a hundred. Like let's just guess how many people die from lions? I say If hyenas are, I'm gonna say 18. 18 from, yeah. Because I more people die from hyenas than lions.


Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Well, that was like in the eighties And it was only 12 people died. Right. But who's getting close to the lions like this? Assholes. Well, they also live out there. I mean, they did a lot of tribes like live out there. They're close by. There's a tribe, there's a village in Africa. I saw it was on Nat Geo. That hyenas come in and get fed there. Yeah. Hyenas walk into, you saw that right? Where they, they actually feed, they have a deal. So they have a deal. And it actually, they believe helps keep them safe because Ena No, they don't have to kill anyone. They'll just get the food. Yeah. These are good. These are coffee. Oh, nice. They're breakers. Yeah. I think that's probably smart. Like make friends with the hyenas. Why not? You Know, They understand guys. Try to keep 'em as pets. You ever see the dudes walk around with 'em, with chains on them and shit?


Yeah. That'd be Wild. Yeah. That's a gangster movie. You walk around with a fucking hyena. Yeah, because they're big too, Dude. If we ever do like, what's a Hyena? Like a buck 50. So like a mastiff looking size. Yeah. It's kinda like probably German Shepherd or Mastiff looking bigger Than a shepherd. Right? Probably. I don't know if they're like, they're like, they're not that, like they're kind of compact, so I don't know. I don't know what they're, Can you get 'em in the us? You can't get hyena in here. Right? Maybe get 'em in Texas. Yeah. Or Florida. Texas has a lot of shit here. Like could you bring one out on stage on a show? Like if you've got clearance, if could that If you Ted Nugent, Ted Nugent in Texas could bring hyenas on stage, he'll bring one Out. You used still ride out Buffalo when he was on stage. You ever see that? Yeah. You never see Ted Nugent riding a buffalo? No. He would, he had a buffalo that he could ride and he would ride it on stage and like he's doing a show and he is on a fucking buffalo in front of all these people.


You know, Ted Nugent is the only guy who I've ever heard who made me understand meat eating and how it's no less moral than he's the only guy who made it. Make sense in my head. What did he say? He goes, oh, you think you're a good person because you're only eating the vegetables. And then he talked about how many animals have to be killed in order to keep those vegetables. This from being eaten by other animals. Oh Yes. Friday in Buffalo. Wild kid. Wow. His son owns a, owns a bar on Staten Island. Yeah. And I didn't know. And he was like, yeah, my Rocco, Oh, it was his, the kid that didn't know he was his son. Yes. Who met this kid? Yeah, Ted. The Kid that he didn't know was his son Ted Jr.


And he was like, yeah, Ted Nugent's my pop. He's a really cool guy. And I was like, oh shit. Yeah. He was like, yeah dude. It's pretty fucking wild. Did You ever hear him explain that? And I was like, Oh yeah. Explained it on this podcast. Oh, he did? Is that what it was from? Yeah. Oh my God. I was like, oh yeah, He's a red curtain behind him. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. And I was like, oh my God. Like nobody ever thinks of that. What is Ted Nugent famous? What is he? Was he a politician? What was Ted Newgen Stranglehold son. You don't, you don't ever heard of No stranglehold. You never heard that song? Sorry. No. Here I come again now baby. You don't know that song? No. Oh my God. You know it play stranglehold. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. So he was A musician. It's one the greatest guitar riffs in all of rock and roll. I just, I'm gonna be honest if I know it.


Come on son. So far it's not ringing a bell. Hold up. It's just picking up son. Here we go. You know it. No, you don't know it. How dare You hold up? I don't think so. I've heard this all. Yes. Yeah. Now I've heard that part. Hold up.


This is a huge, huge hit. I don't, I, I, I don't know it. Who's the best guitarist of all time? Hendricks Billy Ray? No, Hendricks. Hendricks. Hold Up. All right, we're good. Strangle Halt. Yeah, so he was a big famous, He musician shot Cat Scratch Fever, another big song. Okay. He had a bunch of good songs. Yeah. But then What happened? But then he got into politics and stuff. Well, he's just a, he's a bow hunter and like very vocal about, you know, social issues. That's cool. And of a kind of a maniac, right? Yeah. He's kind of a nutty dude, but he's fun. Yeah. So Then how does he have a son in Staten Island that I know well? How the, his son, you know, I think he didn't know it was his son. Right. It was one of those deals.


But they're close. They're a Relationship. But he's another son, son Rocco, that I've met. Right. He's in. He's a fun guy. Yeah. I like him. It's a powerful name. Rocco. You know, I Don't agree with everything he says, but that's the case with a lot of people. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Teach their Own. I think Hendricks is the greatest. Right. When he comes to guitarists, because Hendricks changed songs with his guitar. Like Eric Clapton famously, when he saw Hendricks play for the first time, I was like, what am I doing? Like why am I even doing this? Is Eric Clapton, right? Eric Clapton. Layla. I mean, he was amazing. How About Billy Rayon though? Stevie Rayon. Sorry. Son of a bitch. Sorry. Stevie Ray Vaughan. Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Stevie Ray. Stevie Ray V.


Tim Pan Alley. Amazing. Yeah. He used to play at our club. Yeah. I can't believe I seen Billy Ray Vaughan. I got him confused with It happens. Billy Ray. Ray Cy. S Ray Cyrus. Don't tell my heart My achy breaky heart. Yeah. Jesus Christ. Tim Pan Alley is one of my favorite. Have you ever seen In the corridor of the, when you're going on stage at the mothership, those photos of Steve Ray Vaughn, those are him on stage at the Ritz. Oh, crazy. From 1983. Wow. Yeah. He performed there a bunch of times. Yeah. Willie Nelson performed there. Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. That place has some history. Oh, you could feel it, dude. Yeah. It's burned in there. Yeah. I brought in Ghost Hunters to check it out. Was that Sam and Kolby? I brought, brought in Ghost Hunters. They find Anything. Did they find it? I don't know.


Yeah. I don't know. It's fun. Yeah, it's fun. Yeah. I don't know what's real. Yeah. But someone was murdered there. Someone was definitely shot there, I think in the seventies. Right. We Were at least one person. It used to be a Nudie movie theater And it was a pool hall. So it was like a Nudie movie theater, a pool hall. It was a punk rock club. There's like a lot of history in there of People of the night in there. Do you think it's possible that it was built on an Indio berry ground Indian burial ground? It's so much better that you fucked that up. You know, there used to be a swastika on the wall. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So we, when we tore down, so there's like, You know, car, you know, wallboard, and you tear it on the wallboard.


You get to the raw brick and in a raw brick, there's a fucking swastika on the wall. And we're like, this is crazy. And so while we're building the place up, you know, I come in like four months later, I'm like, Hey guys, why is the fucking swastika still here? Like, we're gonna open like six months. You gotta get rid of the swastika. So they tell one of the construction guys to take off the paint where the swastika is. And so you know what he does? He takes it off in the shape of the swastika. So he cleans. So now it's brighter. Now it's like bright white. It's, I'm like, Hey, it's still a fucking swastika. Get it off the wall. And what? Jesus Christ. Was it the swastika from like the Hindu symbol before a Miller? No, no, no, no.


It was probably from the punk rock days. Somebody probably thought they were being crap. Fucking fuck. Yeah. Yeah. Probably someone being a rebel. I'm a rebel. And they threw it Up. Yeah, they threw it up. They painted it on the wall and it stayed there. Wow. Yeah. They never cleaned it up. I'm like, this is so crazy. That reminds me of the old punchline in Atlanta that had the Vince champ. This is red hot. Red hot chili peppers. Oh wow. Oh wow. Just fully naked on stage. Yeah, Pretty much. Yeah. With socks over their dicks, remember? Oh yeah. Yeah. They used to do that. That was a good move back then. Yeah. You can get away with that. Show your pubes. Why not cover your balls in your cack with a sock? Throw it up. Cack.


They got good bodies. Nice lean bonds. They did. Yeah. Oh yeah. They're still going. I saw a thing that said like, hunter gatherers, what their bodies, not only the flexibility they had as unmatched, but they actually had bigger brains. You ever seen this, that they actually think that they were smarter than us? They had bigger heads and bigger brains. Well, they Probably had to process a lot of things. It's like, what is smart? Is it smart to just be able to use chat GPT and finance answers to things? Or is it smart to have to figure stuff out about nature to stay alive? Right. You know, there's different kinds of intelligence. If you take like the smartest guy ever and you let him loose in the Amazon, how long is he gonna live? He's not gonna live very Well. Steven Hawke's not gonna make it. Hunter gatherers generally had larger brains compared to later human populations as the demands of their lifestyle, including complex foraging strategies and navigating diverse environments.


Lightly put selective pressure on the evolution of larger brain capacity for problem solving and planning. That makes sense. Yeah. Expensive tissue hypothesis. Interesting. Which suggests that a diet rich in meat allowed for the energy expenditure needed to maintain a larger brain. Did you see those? You know, they found a new population of humans that existed as recently as, I think a hundred thousand years ago. But they found 'em in China and they have much larger heads. Really? Yeah. They found a, like they thought they were Dennis Sos I think at one point in time, which also is fairly new discovery. They found Dennis Os in 2010.


But this is another one. This is another new species of human being that they studied. That they found rather, and they had large heads. Haven't they found like 12, like 11 different hominids now? Like there's Quite a few. Yeah, there's quite a few. You know, including the really controversial ones like Homo Fluorisis or esis, I think I forgot how To say about, what was that one? What was controversial about people? Ah, the island of Flores. They were little tiny three squeaks, tall People. Little squeaks. Yeah. Little, little twinks. Little late 1970s. Yeah, there it is. Homo Julie. Julie fossils began of belonging to 16 individuals were found in two different locations in China. They appeared to belong to unique species, thousands of artifacts, stone tools and animal bones.


This one is the larger headed one. Is that the same one? Is that it? 'cause it says in the late seventies, fossils. I think this is lar I I I know I have a photo of it. Here. I'll send it to you. Where's my phone? I know I have, I saved it because I wanted to look up. Yeah. Dragon man. That's it. Newly complete skull discovered in China in 1930s, a basis for the proposed new human species. Homo Longie. That's it. Known as dragon man. Skulls found in 33 Shang River in Harbin, China, where a bridge was being built. Okay. So the skull is a combination of ancient and modern features, including a large brain, similar to modern humans.


And Neanderthals, a low forehead, if this was it. But how do they know that these are, couldn't it just be like a weird looking kid? Like if me and Giannis were laying down, you found our skeletons, you would think we might be different types of species. I mean, he's got a peanut head and I have a head like a Crow Magnum. Good point. Right? Yeah. If you found Shaq buried right next to Bridget, the midget, it Could just be different people. Yeah. Yeah, it is. Good point. Cube. You wanna talk About fumes? These kids definitely have fumes. Oh my god. Dude cent. What does they smell like? Must have been bad, dude. Yeah, big time. Yeah. Yeah. Here, here, Jamie. I think this is a different thing. I'm gonna send it to you right now. I'm gonna send you the, the title. I just saved it on my phone so I could look at it later because I didn't really look at it too much. Right. But they keep finding these new versions of humans, right?


So it's like, how many of 'em were there and why did we succeed? Like what, what was so great about, I think we were vi most vicious, right? And we just killed off the other ones to be dogs. You think Dogs to be dogs. That's The answer. I know, dude. Yeah. I mean, You are a hundred Percent positive. My street smart says it. Science says it like it. It's, it's it's nation, you know, in the understanding of how, but it's pretty solid that that's what gave us the, the edge that we Domesticated dogs. We Teamed up with dogs and we had a symbiotic relationship and we were able to protect ourselves better. And So this is it. Large head people, mysterious new form of ancient human emerges. This is it. So provocative new piece in natures as proposed, a whole new group of ancient humans, cousins of the Dennis s and Neanderthals that once lived alongside homo sapiens in Eastern Asia more than a hundred thousand years ago.


Brains of these extinct humans who probably hunted horses in small groups were much bigger than any other hominin of their time. Including our own species. This is it. The large head people. Yeah. So that's it. It is that name though. Oh, no, no. In the past it says some sciences have attributed to it, but that's not what they're saying. So they think it's attributed Different. They attributed to Dennis Os is what it says. Some scientists have attributed the jure fossils to Dennis Os whatever, but one sub song Has there in the past. So now they think it's a totally different thing. Right. I didn't know People ate horses. Oh yeah. Has Every animal been eaten? Oh, A lot of people eat horses, man. Yes. Right now in Komanoff, the number one contender in the welterweight division says it's his favorite food.


Horse meat. Yeah. He's from Kazakhstan. Interesting. He rides horses and he eats horses. He's like, I love horse. He loves 'em All the way you ever tried it to? Yeah. I've had a horse. Good. I had it in Montreal. There's a, there's a restaurant in Montreal, one of the best restaurants in the world. Shout out to Joe Beef, Of course. Incredible Joe Beef. Incredible place. And we went there. Ari and I, we had, I went with Duncan too. We had horse tartar and we had horse loin. And It was good. Fucking, really good. It's it's game. It's like wild game. It's like eating an antelope or eating a, an elk. Right? It's real similar. Yeah. It's not bad. Yeah. But it, I remember it was on all in the family when the, the bunkers were poor, you know, they weren't doing so well. And Edith went to the store and she bought horse meat and she served it to Archie.


And it was like a big deal. It's, I'm eating this horse. And it was, you remember that episode? I never Saw it. Don't, I don't. But again, another good impression. I remember it was like a real problem in the family that she fed him horse horse meat. Yeah. But they were so poor they didn't have any meat. Yeah. Well, I, I just feel bad for horses. I mean, they lug us around for, you know, They're also very sweet. Yeah. Like, they're connected to people. I can't You eat 'em. Right. You can can get connected to a horse. Yeah. I can't, I can't eat horses. I can't eat dogs. I just can't do it. Can't do it. Dogs get get eaten a lot, unfortunately. Right. I think dogs and humans are connected genetically. I think so too. I think there's a place in our brain that kind of matches up with them and like Yeah. We evolve together. Something's, something's up.


It's magical. Yeah. My dog is, he's a part of my family. Yeah. Yeah. He's, I'm connected to that Dog. Yeah, Me Too. See, I don't want a dog, but maybe I should get a dog. You think I should just do it? Dogs are great. But you're a weirdo. You'd probably give him away. No, I would. You probably say I can't take it anymore. So I gave it to this Puerto Rican family and they, I did. And they raise it to be an attack dog. And I feel bad now. He's attacking people. I Would, I would, I I I gotta be better Like that fucking dream house. You got rid of that. You moved to the city. Like a retard. Like a fucking retard. And now I, and now I bought one that was too expensive. 'cause Chachi bt told me to, Why didn't you try to buy your old house back? Or you did, you tried To buy it back? I did. And won't doesn't wanna sell it. They won't sell it. The guys won't sell it. But what can I do And what Can You do? Nothing. I just Don't do that anymore.


Call, call him. Now when you have like, Him and I talk about, Its, he's a much more logical person than he's, He is, he is his brain. He's, he's more, he's more kind of controlled than me. I go a little wild and he kind of keeps me back. Well, I mean you'd somebody, I'm not gonna say I said it, but I'm, I don't know how controlled him, but it was bought by a Muslim family. A Palestinian family on Palestinian family bought on October 8th. Yeah. So after October 7th, the next day is when we sold it. October 8th. And my, that October 8th. That October 8th. They bought Palestinians moved in October 8th. Boy, They moved Quick. Quick. Yeah. They came right in. I see the writing on the wall. Well They, they see that they're in a, they see that they're in a place where they can accomplish it. So they're like, we can actually live there. Yep. And they just do it. So they Moved in big and Yeah. And my neighbors were kind of mad that we just picked up and left.


But what can you do? Yeah. I had to go, I had to move to Queens. You didn't Have to. No. You should have called somebody. That's the time you should call me. Well now I'll know Now. I know. Yeah, please Do. I'll be like, what the fuck are you talking about? You know, you're like, you're right. You're right. Yeah. Right back though. Soon. Back. As soon as we get outta here, I'm gonna call my account and see if we can rescind that offer. Or are we locked in legally? Oh, I just found out Chad should be teased. Liar. Do you get panicky? You Get real panic. I get Real. You yet you'd still do these impulsive things. I Still do it because I think I don't do drugs. So I think I get, and so this is a ga My father was a compulsive gambler and told me never to gamble. So I thought I escaped it. 'cause I don't know anything about cards and sports gambling. I don't know anything about it. You do It with life choices. Yes. Which is kind of a little riskier. A lot of people do.


Yep. Get a lot of life choice gamblers out there. Yeah. But now I'm looking for peace. I'm looking for my path to peace. So I'm trying to just, you know, be peace. Right. Radical acceptance. Radical acceptance. Radical. Being friendly with my present. Being gentle with life. We're trying, therapy is bad. We're trying baby. Yeah. Scary, scary. Run mountains or something. That's what, Well, I tried to, but I got a bad Achilles. That Can be fixed. I know. But I've been trying for six Months. Your Achilles, I don't know man. It's, it hurts. Well it's, I have tendinosis in the Achilles and they did the X-ray and they see some scar tissue in there. So they actually told me, why don't You get stem cells? They, well I can't get 'em in New York. You can get 'em here. Here, I'll come down here. They told me PRP, that'll Help Too. Spin the blood. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. Platelet rich plasma. Yeah, I'll do that. Yeah. But you should get stem cells while you're here. How long are you in town for? I Go home tonight. Oh damn. But I can come back. Okay. Come back. Alright. Are you booked at the club anytime? No. You should come back and when you come back we'll set it up. So you go to waste well before. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And I'll get a little skeptic Because a buddy of mine, my friend Evan, had a fucked up Achilles. It was bothering him for years. And he got stem cell today. Gone pain. Really? Yeah. It was bothering him for years. That's me. I've been, it's two years with this. I have a, I have a growth on the back of my heel. Oh, from the bone Micro? Yeah. Like the bone spur get Irritated. Yep. Yeah. Yep. And I, and it's all fucked up. But I do have a clean colon. I had two polyps, but Yay.


Under three centimeters. We're good to go. Congratulations. Clean ass. So does he. We got a colonoscopies a month apart. Everyone should get a colonoscopy starting at 40. Mm. Everyone should get it. You can. It's on the, the rise with Young people. You know what you can really do? Yeah. You could do a comprehensive blood screen to test you for all cancers. Not just asshole cancer. Well they have that now. It's a lot easier. And it's better. You never did a colonoscopy. I had one once. Right. How dare you bring it up? Why? What's wrong with it? Nothing. That's Fine. I think that I didn't wake up that hard. Yeah. I think that if you go, I didn't have a colonoscopy. No. I had a, an exam where they go in there with their fingers. I didn't go in there with a, with the They Didn't put the scope in there. No, he woke up during his 'cause he liked it. I woke up, woke up hard, swear to god.


No iChecking off. I wasn't even hard. I I'm not even fucking around. I woke up, I woke up in the middle of it. 'cause I just, you know, knew something was dreaming in my ass. I woke up. Yeah. I woke up. I, I went Mateo and I fell back asleep. But they can screen you with this. I forget what it's called. They do that ways well too, they, they send it off to a lab. They take your blood and they screen you for like a hundred kinds of cancer. Right. That's goods the way to Go's. Good. Yeah. Yeah. They got the full body scans now too. They're trying to attach, there was some paper that I was reading that was trying to attach cooking oils with cancer. Specific kinds of cooking oils and colon cancer. Specific types of seed oils that PE things are cooked in and the prevalence of that and the human diet and how it's contributing to cancer.


Yeah. Colon cancer's on the rise. Yeah. Why? Why Is this stuff not available in New York? Why can you only do this kind of stuff in Texas? You Can, you can do it in New York. I guarantee you. You just don't know the right people. Right. I guarantee you probably can't do stem cells to the extent it's like there's not a lot of these clinics because of a lot of FDA regulations and the way they were. Utah's a really good state for it. They have like much looser regulations. Right. But a lot of people wind up going to Mexico. There's a place in Mexico, they're called the CPI, cellular Performance Institute. A lot of UFC fighters go there because they have an arrangement with the UFC. You could do wild shit down in Mexico. That's What Aaron Roger did. Right. With his Achilles. He went down there and got the stem cells. He's good to go. Yep. Yep. Yeah. He actually got treated here. He got treated at waist well. Right. Aaron Rogers did.


Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. So I should just go. Yeah, you definitely should. I, if I had known that you had that issue, I would've gotten you in early this morning. Oh, Thank you. I, yeah. Fuck. I'll come back. Yeah, We just, Ron White actually just went and he hurt himself doing yoga and he fucked up his ankle and they just treated him And now he's good. Well he just got it yesterday. It's gonna take a while for it's better. Right. But it will get you better a lot quicker than not having it. That's for damn sure. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I know a lot of people that have had like pretty serious issues cleared up Like torn Achilles and They're good. Like torn, torn ligaments. As long as it's not fully torn. No, No. Then you definitely need surgery. You know, Achilles is a bad one because it's like God, it's like there's so much torque on that when you're moving.


Yeah. And then they gotta screw it back down to your bone. That's gotta heal and make sure you strengthen it up before you start using it. So you have to be real diligent about your rehab. Like look how long it took. Aaron Rogers, he has state-of-the-art access to ways to Well and he was way ahead of the curve. Way ahead of what it takes most people to do. But even then he couldn't really play Play. Yeah. That year. He had to wait until it was, you know, like the next season. Yeah. Those Used to be like career ending. Yep. Yeah. And now he's good. Now they're just, I got, I got. Yeah. 'cause I've been doing like calf exercises and like strengthening all around and it's just like a year and a half. I'm like, dude, there's the pain is still there if I explode too much. Mm. So, but it's also, I mean, what am I gonna do?


I got horrific feet Joe. My feet are horrific. My toes cross over. I have no arches. I have feet that look like they should be shoved into high heels And what Have you ever, do you ever work out with barefoot shoes? Do you know those Like minimalists? Like they Have to custom make 'em for his feet. Yeah. When you put your toe into each individual site. No, no, I don't mean that. Yeah, You can get those too. Those are like the, the barefoot shoes. Those are those Help. Yeah, those are okay. Those are good. The toe shoes, I used to have those, but the ones I really like are, they have a wide toe box. So your feet spread out and there's very minimal amount of sole just to kind of protect you from sharp things you stand on. Got it. But it allows your toes to move as individual units.


So a regular shoe acts as like a cast. Oh. Like if you have like a thick so boot and like a hard surface your foot sits on, it's like a cast. So your toes aren't really working, your legs are picking it up. But your foot, your foot is basically atrophying inside that. And then if you work out barefoot and especially if you work out And what you do something explosive, like jumping and stuff with barefoot, then you're using your feet the way they're supposed to be used. Got it. All the muscle strengthen. Got it. A lot of people have very, very weak feet. Yeah. I can't even move my toes individually. Like if you like Chris move your toe, I'll go like this, you can't do this. No, I can't do it. Wow. That's Crazy. It's, I mean, yeah, it's like, you know, it's horrible. You should probably take care of that before it gets bad.


See? Yeah, It's go ahead. Ask me to move my toes. Say move my toe. Chris, move your toes. Somebody say it. Move your toes. Your toe. Yeah. Basketball feet like I do. Yeah. That's all I could do. You see the bronze feet are like that too. Did you play a lot of basketball? I did. Yeah. Maybe that's it. I did. I maybe it's all that like smushing in the shoe. It could be. Is that what it is, Jamie? Oh yeah, Definitely. Like I had to wear extra pairs of socks every like up until 18 you put that fucking hoof back in. No good Sheath. But then you see on the ankle here I got a little bony road. Yeah. And that's where it's fucked up. But I do have good hamstring flexibility and not Ed. That's Not bad. Congratulations on that. Thank you Sir. LeBrons street are evil looking. Yeah. He hasn't been playing. Right. Did he come back? Did he bang Yet back?


He just missed two games. Oh he's coming back. What happened? Yeah. Did was You hurt whatever. Who knows? He needed to get time. Time to get his body Right. Oh that's right. The ment. Yeah. Yeah. Time out. What? Who knows. Who knows? Everybody a anybody who takes out of, of anything. Now people are like, Diddy does. Everybody tries Link Did party. It's crazy dude. Yeah. Imagine like him regretting saying there's his feet. Yes. Yeah. Oh damn. Just smashed up. I mean, Oof. That pinky toe is brutes from Puff. Lot Of Kickboxers have feet like that too. Oof. Feet all fucked up. Brutal. I mean, imagine how many you think about Kickboxers, how many elbows they've kicked. Like John Jones can't even fight unless he has his big toe on his left foot taped to his next toe.


He has to have it taped up. 'cause he tore his toe completely upside down. Ooh. When he was beating up Cha Sunon. Yeah. And he didn't realize it until I was interviewing him after the fight. And then he looks down and sees his toe. He is like, oh wow. He freaks out and he has to sit down The adrenaline. He didn't even feel it. Didn't even feel it. Yeah. His toe was upside down. Wow. Like the bottom of his toe was facing up. Wow. It was horrible. I I would probably say one-on-one him, anyone in history just, just 'cause of how skilled he is. There's Look at that's what his foot looked like. Oh God. Yeah bro. Yo, It Was Crazy. So you noticed it first Though? No, I think he did. Oh, I think he noticed it. I think he looked down. Oh God. Yeah, he destroyed his toe. So what happened? He twisted All the way around.


That's from the force of beating the fuck at a cha Sunn. That's what that's from. Like a grounding pound when he had him on the ground just smashing down on him. Jesus. Somebody isolated the moment his toe curls over, you can see it in like the replay. The moment his toe, just the amount of torque he was putting on to try to kill Cha Sun. Is he doing Proa or as Aspenal Aspenal? Yeah, I think it's gonna be Aspenal. I think they've, they're trying to come to some sort of an agreement that, that the rumor is that he wants $30 million in the, You know, that UFC's gonna pay it. Hopefully. I hope they Pay it. I agree with him though. Him and Peoria would be the Rera Pereira. Yeah. Sorry. Would be the fight everyone wants to see. Yeah.


Perhaps because he's been so dominant that kid. Yeah, Perhaps. I mean if it's gonna happen they're both 37. It should probably happen soon. But John is, you know, the heavyweight champion of the world and Pereira has challengers in the light heavyweight division, especially Uncle Iev. He's supposed to be fighting Uncle Iev. Uncle Iev is fucking very dangerous. And he's, I think he's the number one contender. And he's been on a winning streak for a long ass time. He's only got one draw. And that was to Yom Bo Hovi who was the former champion. So he's like at the top of the heap and he is been waiting for a title shot for a long time. But he's been talking a lot of shit and Alex doesn't like that he talks shit. Yeah. So he is like, fuck him, make him wait. Yeah. And so I think Alex just said that he's gonna fight in March and that he's not gonna fight Uncle Ith because if he's fighting in March, when is Ramadan?


You're asking the wrong guy. I thought he, I don't know. Yeah. I'm not thought he'd guy Ramadan. Ramadan thought you would know. Oh yeah. In, I think it's in the summer. It's in February 28th. Okay. So he wouldn't be able to fight. Uncle Live wouldn't be able to fight in March because if it's like March 3rd and he's gotta go through the entire month of Ramadan preparing for a world title fight. What is February 28th? And it ends Saturday, March 29th. See that's exactly during the time period where he's gonna fight. And with Ramadan for the whole month, You can only drink water. No, no, no. You can't. You can, you, you definitely could drink water and You can eat food, but you can only do it after sundown. Ah, so Bala Muhammad, who's the UFC welterweight champion, he observes Ramadan and he was training and fighting what?


You know, like he'd have to take a fight during Ramadan. So what he would do is he would get up at like four 30 in the morning before it was dark out. Before it was light out rather. And he'd have a big meal and then he would go to the gym and then he would have no water at the gym. Nothing. And then at the end of the day, and also he also didn't sleep during the day. Like a lot of 'em, like their, their hack of that is they just sleep during the day and train and eat at night. But he said that if you do that, then you miss out on the religious suffering, which he thinks is very important for Ramadan. So he would do it the way you're supposed to do it, where he worked out with no water trained. Oh my God. And then he would finally get to the nighttime session. He'd be able to eat and then have a nighttime training session like a little later than normal.


And so that's how he would do his day. Wow. That's why these dudes are dominating. They're just tougher disciplined. He started working with the d Pakistani guys. Right. And then he just turned into a beast. Yeah. Well the those guys are hard fucking core. Yeah. They, they want no distractions, no women, no bullshit. Get off your phone, let's go to work. They're probably not jerking off if we're being honest. Probably. They, they keep fuel, they keep it loaded up. Yeah. Keep a loaded glue gun. Yeah. Yeah. Right. That's, it's something about having a loaded glue gun. Right. When you're going into the ring, you want to be glued up full of Glue. Some people believe that. Yeah. Some people believe that you're not supposed to ejaculate within a couple weeks of a big fight. Didn't you not masturbate out of respected nine 11? That Is true. What was it? I, well I wanted to go until, until we found Bin Laden the perpetrator.


But obviously that was too long. But I did go until October 1st from nine 11 to October one. I said as a my respect back to this country and patriotism. I'm not gonna glue at all until we get outta this month of September. Didn't Louis have a joke about it? He waited until the second tower fell Probably. Yeah. Like he jerked off. Yeah. He, It's funny. Yeah. I think It was a joke. He didn't make it until the second tower fell. Yeah, Dude. I remember there was like a vigil like on September 18th or whatever, like a week later in like my neighborhood. And I was wa I was playing basketball as a basketball player and I was playing in the park and I remember when I left, everyone was just standing outside their house with like American flags and candles and I wouldn't dribble my basketball 'cause I was like, I think like a sound or any type of dribble of a ball.


Disrespectful. Disrespectful. And then, and then a guy gave me a flag like as I was walking, as if to say take one of these as you're walking home. And I just walked with that flag. Yeah. Wow. I love our fucking country Big Joe. Okay. Jesus. Yeah. I just love it. And I hate when people talk shit about it. Yeah. Well get ready. Yeah. Yeah. We Got some. It's gumming. We Got some drones. Listen, listen to Joy re Yeah. We should try to swap those things out of the Air. What Do you think they are if you had To guess? I think think they are, I was joking about the AI thing. I think they're Chinese. Yeah. I don't wanna say this in such a big pocket. I I I I'm available to the CCP for whatever they need me to do. Yeah, yeah. Disinformation will do it. I think that they are sniffing the radiation.


Yeah. Yeah. I think that that's the most plausible that I don't know if they know about it, if not, but I think they're probably looking for radiation. I don't know if that a nukes necessarily going off, but I think that's probably what it is. If I had to just guess. If I really had to guess. Well, I think they're being launched from submarines under water. Yes. And I well That's what's crazy is like, if that's the case, how many submarines and how big are these submarines? 'cause these things are size of an SUV and some of them were coming from some like untrackable distance offshore, like 50 plus miles offshore. And they're the size of an SUV and they could stay in the air for five hours. So what's the power source? And then the other problem is they're, they're not, they don't exhibit a heat signature like a regular drone does.


So they have some sort of Cooling. Is that why they can't track 'em? Yeah. They're having a hard time tracking 'em because of that. Like, they're having a hard time tracking 'em with infrared. They don't know why they can stay in the sky for five hours at a time. Ryan Graves, who's a fighter pilot, was on the other day and he was explaining to us like there's certain aspects to some of these drones that are above state of the art. They're doing things that we can't do. The big one is the flying for that many hours. That's, that's crazy. The heat signature part. That's crazy. They All the jammers and all different things they try to do to find the signal that's on. None of that works. What, what does he Think? Think it is. Why Dont they just knock one outta the air? That's what I'm a good questions. Understand. That's a good question. That's what makes me skeptical to think that it does. He, does he think it's government not American?


Could I sent you something earlier today, Jamie? That I, I knew this subject was gonna come up about it. I don't know. There's also some stuff like, is it real? I don't know if it's real. I don't know what we're looking at. But there's some stuff with like these orbs that they're filming. Oh yeah. And they there zoomed in on them and you look at the zoomed in version of you, like, what the fuck is that? Like what is that goddamn thing? Yeah. Is we don't just don't know if it's real or not. FAA bans drones in parts of New Jersey threatens deadly force for imminent security threat. These areas have all now been deemed national defense airspace. Huh? Well, aviation administration issued bans on flying drones in multiple cities across New Jersey, including several in our area.


Due to security reasons. These areas are all now considered national defense airspace. Here's a map of those sites. The city of Camden, Gloucester City, Winslow Township, Evesham Hancock's Bridge in Lower Alleyways Township in Salem County, west Hampton, Burlington, and Hamilton. Unmanned aircraft are not allowed in those areas through January 17th, unless approved by the federal government. The FAA says, pilots who violate the airspace, meaning pilots on the ground as well, may be detained and interviewed by law enforcement. The agency warns that the US government may use deadly force against drones. It deems an imminent threat. These restrictions come just days after the FBI released a joint government statement saying most of the reported drone sightings were just airplanes.


Manned drones and stars in the sky. Shut the fuck up. Just shut. Shut up. He was trying to get answers. Shut up that, listen, Donald Trump is not giving press conferences about airplanes and stars in the sky. Right. Do you don't think that he knows something more than that? I was gonna ask, do you think he knows That he's not staying at his golf course? He's wouldn't go to his golf course 'cause they were hovering over the golf course. Right. There's a real problem. It's this is, this gaslighting is not helping anybody. Do you think it just goes outta the news one day or we will get an answer as the public? I don't Know. You know, I I would never have guessed that it would be this big of a deal for so long. Right. How long has it been going on? Since Now? Early November. mid-November, I think. Yeah, around Thanksgiving. And it's been the same, isn't it been like the same type of year, same time of year.


Like for a couple of years that this has been happening, But not like this. It's never gotten national news. No, not this many. But they were going over military bases and, and now they're Just going over to New Jersey. Jamie's pulled a video up with the one that I got on my Instagram. So I took this one from, I forget what the Instagram page is, but it's up on the page to give them a shout out. I don't know what this is. I don't know if this is fake. This is the one we were looking at earlier. Yeah. I showed it to these guys in the green room last night. We're all freaking out. Like, what? Okay. What is that? The, the way the goddamn thing moves. It's My favorite meme of you. So click on it so we can hear it.


Bad Meme. That meme gets used for so Many different things. Yeah. Listen to these guys talking when they're talking. There's no Clouds quiet. So you see this thing, look at it on The camera. It's like a Dome. So what you're concentrating on is the one in the lower lower. Right. What the fuck? Like literally that's weird in the sky right there. So it's moving. Are we watching a shoot? A shut star falling? No, that's not moving quick enough. There's no tail. That's a UFO. There's no blue or red lights. Look, something's coming off. What the fuck? So when it gets above, this is where it gets weird because it's slowly rising. It gets above that other thing, which might be the moon.


I'm not sure what that other thing is. I think it's the moon. So that other thing, it gets above it. And then look How the lights going off in two Sides. It starts taking off and when it starts taking off, it does it with no sound at a fucking insane rate of speed. Like, look at that taking off No fucking way. What the, what the fuck just went out to space? It just went out to space. Oh my god. What the fuck? It just went out to space. That's why those guys Are reacting like they're watching it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if that's real. It could be fake. It could be all AI generated. It's it's ambiguous and blurry enough though that I'm willing to entertain it. Right. If that's really what they saw. That's a bunch of different people have seen things like that over time.


And this is like the tic-tac story. This is the one that Ryan Grave showed us that this lady photographed over Florida. Yeah. That these things, and they've, they've seen it on this is one that was, this was seen by multiple people from different planes that this thing moved and then shot off into space and this lady got photos of it. But whatever they're, that thing's doing, it's doing something that we can't do that that speed, that that thing takes off that's faster than any rocket we have. That's faster than any fighter jet. That thing just shoots off into space at some impossible speed. If so, it's either us. The drones are either, well, I why are they blinking? If it's not us? Why do they have that one wasn't blinking.


No, but I mean the drones, I'm saying the drones are blinking. So I'm saying if, if, if the drones are ours, maybe they're, they, there's been like UFO activity and they're throwing these drone drones up to try to capture it with a better, or What better way to distract people from actual UFOs that you know are gonna be all over the sky than to put a bunch of drones up there too. Right. That too. Yeah. If you have a bunch of shit that seems like stuff that you've seen like a drone like flying around and then there's stuff that is impossible with it. That's a good way to cover up the impossible stuff. Have a bunch of regular drones. Yeah. But at this point, why would they do that? Everyone's already accepted the fact that UFOs are out there.


Not, not really. If there was a big thing where All the sudden the sky was filled with those football field size fucking motherships, like people would lose their shit. But I mean, if you could slowly get people accustomed to it, the way people got accustomed to masks in the beginning in 19. In 2019, if you saw someone with a mask on, you'd be like, what the fuck is going on by 2021? Why doesn't this guy have a mask on? Right. Just in a couple of years everybody was wearing a mask. Sure. We get accustomed to stuff. If you get accustomed to things being in the sky and then all of a sudden there's nothing like you could float anything in the sky. If you have weirder and weirder drones and then start showing spaceships, people would freak out way less.


Right. I don't know, dude, if someone tells me this's a drone, I'm chill. And if someone shows me a football field size spacecraft True. I'm gonna Freak out. That's a big leap in, in a good way. What about one the size of a car that's definitely not ours. So you Thinks moving, dulling them out by size. If I was gonna do that, if I was gonna get people prepared for an imminent invasion, like if I knew that there was UFOs on the way, if like we're working at the James Webb telescope and we've, we get a photo of a mothership and it's heading towards us gonna be here in four months, what would you do? Well, if I knew that they were going to be sending drones and probes into our atmosphere and maybe they've already done that to obscure that, I would put a bunch of our drones up there and have 'em hover over cities so it doesn't freak people out because you know that that's coming.


Well, I mean, being Freaked out not is probably the least of our problems when they come, if they're coming. Well, Collapse of civil, disor of civil society is really possible if aliens show up. Like if they just instantaneously showed up, things could completely collapse. If we knew that our leaders are just nothing compared to these new things that are visiting us from some other place and doing things that are impossible with our technology. We're helpless, we're lost, we're confused. They could shut down nuclear power plants. They can shut down the grid. They can shut down any weapon systems that we have instantaneously. Power goes off if that, all those stories are true.


The best way to keep people from absolutely freaking out is to slowly trickle it in on them and get 'em more and more accustomed to this. Like as a psyop, How committed are you to this theory? Not very. Yeah, Not very. Yeah. I go all over the place. Yeah. I think according to someone that I spoke to, and this is someone who has high level clearance and someone who worked for the government in this capacity, he said some of these are not, they're not human. They're not exhibiting whatever they are. They're, they're exhibiting technology that is far beyond what we're capable of. Right. And then there's other ones like Ryan Graves said, that are beyond state of the art.


But you can kind of sort of get that they would be a drone. But how is it in the eye? The air for five hours? How does it not have a heat signature? How does it, how does it know when other drones are coming near it? When they're flying jets near it and they just shut the lights off and disappear. These things are just shutting off. Oh dude. Right. This isn't, they're alien. Maybe they're alien drones if possible. Alien Drones. Also, if you were an alien and you wanted to get people accustomed to this without freaking out, wouldn't you start sending drones that are similar to what we have, but just many levels better but similar enough so you go, oh, I know what that is. Or they could just like get on the TV and get like, Hey dudes Act, act. We're, but they probably, if they could get here, they know how to speak our language and they just go, Hey dudes, we're chill.


They can morph. We're coming here. Or they just go, Hey guys, it's over. We're gonna use, we're going to, like you guys have seen the Matrix. We're about to use you for some sort of fuel. Yeah. Whatever they're gonna do. Or maybe They're not gonna be mean to us at all. Yeah, that's Possible too. If they're that intelligent, they're not mean. They're not mean people who You Mean like us? Yeah. Yeah. We're not, that's hilarious. Or maybe, or maybe the prison planet thing. I said in the beginning of the show, this is how it happens. Well you ever heard Bob Lazar talk about one of the most disturbing things that he found? Why? No. One of the most disturbing things when he was doing the back engineering program on this supposed crashed alien spaceship or or recovered alien spaceship, was that they had a thick binder that was about religion and the, the thing, we'll have him play it, we'll have him play it.


'cause it's one of those ones we've played a few times. But it's the bazar story's the Craziest, Right. 'cause if he was telling the truth and it seems like he's definitely telling the truth about a lot. He definitely worked at Los Alamos Labs. He was on the employee roster. He has a detailed understanding of the building. He knew All the security people when they took him there. When George Knapp took him on a tour through there. He definitely worked there. And he definitely was a propulsions expert. And he says they hired him to go and try to figure out this fucking thing. Hmm. Here, listen to this. The Hardcore thing is that there is a extremely classified document dealing with religion and it's about that thick period. But why would there be any classified material dealing with religion?


I want to go back to the religion thing. I want you to say it. It is just, it's so, it's so far out it, it's alright. Your objection has been noted. Okay. What does it say? That we're containers, that's how, that's how supposedly the alien can look at us. That we are nothing but containers. Containers of containers, maybe containers of soul. You can come up with whatever theory you want, but we're containers. And that's how we're mentioned in the documents that religion was specifically created. So we have some rules and regulations for the sole purpose of not damaging the containers. That's, it's just George.


That's George Freaked out now, by the way. Shout out to George now. Yeah. I mean, I'm too freaked out. It's, but it's, it's, but, but Kind what you were Talking about, the prison planet theory doesn't seem so crazy if they, the Aunt Van Alien race is eating our negative emotions. Just don't be negative and you'll be saved. Dude, just be happy. That's what they've been trying to tell you. Bob Marley. Everybody's trying to tell you this. What is this, Jamie? What he show me here, I believe that video you posted is from April from What I, April 12th, 2024 at Mountain Standard Time in eastern Arizona on the, off the Black River in the White Mountains. The Ford Apache Indian Reservation. And oh, by the way, my friend Cam Haynes, he hunts at one of the Apache reservations. He says they see them there All the time.


Wow. He said they see crazy shit in the sky All the time. These guys are hunting out there in, you know, this enormous reservation. Yeah. Like, like unbelievable pristine forest land. They say they see crazy shit and they just accept it that it's true. Right. I believe that Most of the guys working there have seen something. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that makes sense To me. That's also where Travis Walton, this guy that was in Arizona too, wasn't it Jamie? You, I'll say this variation of the video. You can almost make out the moon. I don't know how if this is better. 'cause it's been reposted less, but It does look better. It definitely looks better. So this is the same thing. Are you freaked? Are you freaked Out by This? A hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. But not enough that it's gonna fuck up my day.


Yeah. Right. Because it, it freaks me out, but it's not freaking me out. Like I can't sleep. Right. Yeah. It's freaking me out. Like, like Ukraine freaks me out where I can't sleep. Yeah. You know, like that stuff freaks me out. The looking for a nuke in the east coast that freaks me out where it'll fuck with my sleep. Right. Right. If I think about that before I go to bed, the one thing that I genuinely like, here it here, it takes off. Let's take a look at it while it's taking off. Wow. And this is the thing, it's like there's no sound. Look at, look how fast it's going. Yeah. Like what could go that fast? What the fuck can go that fast? That's crazy. That is insane. That has to be, I don't want to guess how many thousands of miles an hour that thing is going.


But if you are a person inside, you're jello. Yeah. If you're going that fast, Paul Izzy's dad and mom saw it And it was not only the dad, mom, it was like an aunt. They, they were all there. And I asked his mom, she's like a religious person and she said, yeah. I mean, and they said it was low, had lights on it. The father and the father is, you know, a Bronx guy. He's a funny guy. Yeah. And he said he doesn't believe in that stuff. And it was low, like above the tree line. He made it out. It was a saucer. And then he said it shot up and turned into a.in the guy. And this was in the eighties Or something. Did you guys ever hear the Betty and Barney Hill story? No. Betty and Barney Hill were a couple in, I think it was the 1950s.


Oh yes, I know this story. Well, They were the first abduction story. Yeah. And they did hypnotic regression and they both had the same story that they were taking. They saw something in the sky, they pulled over their car and then they woke up and they don't know what the fuck happened. Wow. But they were haunted by this. And they have hypnotic regression and they tell this crazy story about being taken aboard this craft. It's very similar to Travis Walton's story. It's very similar to a bunch of stories of, of abduction. And what is this? Like they get tested on like, or they just don't Remember anything. Yeah. You know, it's hard to say when you're dealing with hypnotic red because the thing about these when they're, you're recalling things through hypnosis is like people are very susceptible to someone imparting a memory into them.


So you'd have to know like what was the process like in which you interviewed these people. But John Mack, who was a, a psychologist from Harvard, wrote a book called Abduction that I read in the 1990s that detailed All the different people that he worked on. That he was, you know, having these hypnotic regression sessions with these people. And they were all telling these similar stories about being abducted and that he believed that there was a few people in on earth where they would revisit, they would find just like we do with animals where we put collars on them. Right. When we, they catch a, like a mountain lion, they'll put a collar on that mountain lion so they can understand where the mountain lion's going.


Whereas terrain is, they do it with wolves when they relocate them, they put collars on them so they know where they are All the time. And it makes sense that they would probably want to understand us. So they would pick certain ones. And if they had a way to silence your memories And you know, completely put you in some sort of a state where they could manipulate you and take you to someplace and do examinations on you and then put you back with no memory of it other than these like fruit weird nightmares. That makes sense. Well, it Shows that they're compassionate if they put you back, I guess. Or that, you know, this is how they study you. They want to know. I mean, there's no stories of them stealing people.


Right. They just, they always bring you back. Yeah. But like, what are they, if that's real, like what, what's the purpose of it? Like what are they doing? I would, I would imagine they're studying us the same. Like if we could study chimps and the chimps had no idea. We studied them. Like we would do that instead we dart them, we dar 'em and then they wake up and they're, what the fuck. Right. You know, but that's, that's how we do it and Right. They would probably do it in a real similar way. Just more sophisticated. How about that other abduction story about the, those guys? They were like those rural guys in the seventies or something. Travis Walton. Yeah. Oh, that was Him. That's the Arizona story. The logger. You know those Guys? I believe them. I Mean, that story's crazy because the other guys in the truck, one of the guys hated him. He got in a fist fight with that guy the day of the abduction. He still told the same story that everybody told.


He walked up to this craft. They saw it flying through the air. Wasn't that in Arizona too? Was it Travis Walt case in Arizona? One was crazy. Yeah. I believe it was Arizona's a hot spot for it. I mean, that's the Phoenix lights, you know, that's Phoenix Lights was crazy. Crazy. Yeah. Crazy, crazy. And a lot of people saw that S of people saw it including the fucking governor. Yeah. Yeah. It's So then why is this one catching on in the news? This is because it's More, it's, this is more prevalent and it's lasting for days and days and days. Got it. And I don't know, I don't know what's going on. Do you think they just want to be there for the inauguration? Ah, Probably. Well, they're really early. Yeah. They're, they're like fucking tailgating there. Yeah, they're tailgating. We're gonna be tailgating the inauguration. We're gonna be There, we're gonna be there, We're gonna be close July, I'm sorry, January 18th.


We're doing a show in Washington DC at the Lincoln Theater, our hiss live show. And we, and we're like, bring a Geiger counter. Well, we said, we were like, why 22 days before the inauguration we were like, what the fuck are we doing? Yeah, We're doing a live, the first live history show. January 18th. January 18th, Washington Time in DC It'll be fine. Time to do it. I mean, but we were like, Probably, Oh, who knows? We're doing January 21st. That one wouldn't count on being there. We're Doing it at five o'clock in the afternoon. I, I like doing earlier shows now. You ever do that? You ever do like a 5:00 PM No, no, that's what I, we think that's where the world's going with like, we don't think people wanna be out till midnight 1:00 AM anymore. What do you think? You think that's stupid? You think earlier shows work. Would you experiment with them? Yeah, I mean, sure.


I mean, Burt ER's always done like afternoon shows, like Take the Day Off Work Show. He's done a bunch of those. Oh yeah. Bert's been doing those for years. Oh, I didn't Calling six shows. Yeah. I mean, Doug Stanhope does those day drinking shows. He actually filmed one at the mothership. Oh, I didn't know that. He did some day drinking shows. Yeah. I mean, why not? I mean, the club is there all day long. Why not have shows during the day if you want to, if you Want, if you can sell 'em, if he's, Especially it's dark out. If it's the club's dark as shit. It does. Yeah. It's dark when it's noon, You know? Yeah. It's like you could totally have the same experience at noon that you could at night, but it seems like at nighttime people are off work. You get a couple of cocktails, You know, get a little loose, sit in the dark, have a good time. But on a Saturday, sometimes I feel like people just sit around all day and wait for the show.


If you can put it at five o'clock, why not? Sure. Look, that's why they like to go to football games. Right? Right. Go during the afternoon. Yeah. I mean, you certainly could, you certainly could have day shows. Yeah. Especially if you have a big name. You know, if someone, they're willing to do something during, most of the people like to go out at night, you know, like to go to dinner, get a couple drinks, go to a show. That's a nighttime thing. Yeah. But that's just a, they're just accustomed to it. Especially if it's Saturday or Sunday. Yeah. You totally could get Away with it. I'm just a morning baby. I like to wake up early and then I like to What time do you get up? I'm a 6:00 AM little baby boy that wakes up. How long Before you look at your phone? What, what? I used to, boy, look at it right away. But now I give myself 15 minutes, 15 Solid Minutes. I, I give 15 minutes and I get my feet on the floor and I just try to What do you have to piss? Well, I wa You don't piss without your phone.


Stop lying. Let me think about that. If you get Up in the middle of the night to piss, do you grab your phone? That I don't do because I'm in a slumber. So I'm, I'm kind of just, it's kind of like in a, I'm in a, in a slumber state of piss. But you're right. When I do get up, when I do get, actually I never really have to piss in in the morning when I wake up. 'cause I do piss in the middle of the night. But that is a good point. I typically, if I have to piss, I do take my phone. That's a good point. But for mostly if I don't have to piss, I will go 15 minutes. I try to do it and I just try to breathe and get friendly with the present. Yeah. Get friendly with the present. You gotta do it baby. Do you do any meditation or mindfulness stuff? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. So good every day. Yeah. Well I, I do a lot of different things that also act like that, like my time in the sauna. I think that's very meditative, You know, especially when I'm just concentrating on breathing and getting through the last 10, 15 minutes cold plunge.


I think that's a very meditative state too, because you're also, you have to be in control of your emotions and your anxiety. 'cause you wanna get the fuck out of there and you have to just stare at the clock, You know, and make sure you do your time, but also other things that I do. Yeah. What do you stay how long in the cold Plunge? Three minutes. Three minutes. Not bad. Yeah. That's what, yeah. I'm, I can, I'm never trying, I can't even do a cold shower, Dude. I can't believe we're doing maybe the last podcast on earth after an alien invasion is coming. I Don't think this aliens are gonna stop podcasting. I think they like podcasts. They like it, right? Yeah. It's, they're gonna love yours for sure. You're an advocate. What're Doing? Yeah. I'm on their side. Yeah. Come, come visit me. Yeah. I'm shocked they have visited me yet. I'm upset. Yeah.


Maybe they'll come. You wouldn't be freaked out, right? I would definitely be freaked out. Yeah. I mean, how do you not be freaked out when you're confronted with the thing that everybody's wondered forever? Are we alone? Yeah. And if You know, you're definitely not alone no matter who you are And what you say. I don't care if you're the baddest motherfucker on the planet, you run into an alien, you're gonna freak out. But why is that not comforting? Like, I'm a kid who doesn't like loneliness and it's be nice to know that there's other things out there. What if They're completely indifferent to us? What if they've completely eliminated What's difference between them and Emotion? Yeah. But what's never seen them in like, Calculated like a computer. We have those here. Yeah. But they're not telling you what You can and can't do with your life. They're not shutting down your power grid. They're not like coming over to rule over humanity.


Right. That's the worry. I mean, What's the worst? The is they rule over us, the way we rule over countries, But maybe they do a better job. Maybe. Yeah. I mean, what's the worst they could do? Really Look At you. Yeah. What's the worst They could, what does Chap GPT say about Us? Huh? We, we, we asked chap GPT the other day. What do they say? If the Tic-tac was A-A-U-F-O we kept like beating it down, asking more and more questions. Like it's exhibiting something. What are the possibilities? The po if it is extra terrestrial, where would it come from? It gave us like a list of like star systems that are close by and like, wow. Yeah. If you get, you get, you keep, get pestering checked. Everything I kept going with, I asked that to make a, an artistic re rendition of what It thought it would look like. Like what the tac looked like. Yo, at first I made her huge and I was like, that's a little too big, isn't It?


Yeah. Maybe, but not big as those mothership ones. That's it. I don't know what it is, but it's fun. I, I like all this. I like all this chaos. Yeah. I think it's fun. I enjoy it when things get real sideways. For some strange reason, they Were also probably been coming forever. Just now everyone's got phones and now they're just captur capturing 'em. I think it's in the Bible. Yeah. I think the Ezekiel story in the Bible is an, an alien visitation. Yeah. So what is that They're saying, they talk about these lights similar, it Talks about a wheel within a wheel. Like the, the, the way Ezekiel describes this vision that he sees like something that had like multiple different animal heads on it and different, like the, the, it just describes it as a wheel within a wheel the way he's describing. Like you would imagine like if you saw something the beyond your fucking wildest imagination and then you tried, you know, years later to write this down.


Mm. Or not even write it down. Right. Because it was told as an oral tradition for a long time before it was ever written. Who knows what the actual event was that he, he described. But there's a lot of ancient religious texts, including the Vimana from the Bava Gita, all these different stories of things flying in the air that exhibit extraordinary flight characteristics that move the way we describe UFOs. So that's a good point then. Just because we have the capability to film this and know about it now. Right. Doesn't mean that they're gonna expose themselves because they've been doing this for thousand years. Yeah. They're doing this for everything. Yeah. If you read Jacques Val's books on it, Jacques Vallee is the guy, he's a, a scientist that they, they he was the, the reason why they had that French guy in close encounters, the third count.


You ever see that close encounters Steven spiel Long time ago. Great fucking movie. Yeah. But there was this French scientist they bring in to try to help people get through this. It's based on Jacques Vallee and this Jacque, he was a podcast guest very cagey, didn't answer a lot of questions. Okay. Probed him a lot. But his books are fascinating. And one of the things about his books I've read the first one, I'm into the second one right now. And the in the first one he goes into detail about through the 17 hundreds, 18 hundreds, all these different sightings, all these different experiences that people documented in news stories and different, and they're all super similar man or su similar enough that different versions of it, you could kind of attribute it to different people lacking the words to adequately explain some super paranormal bizarre experience.


But real similar. I think they've probably always been here if they're real. If we are visited by something that's either interdimensional or from another pa, another planet, they've probably been doing this for a long fucking time. Yeah. Monitoring us the same way we monitor animals on this planet. And they'll never, maybe never say who they really are. Well Maybe they're getting ready to, because we're about to unleash these fucking quantum computers and AI and maybe that is the thing that they're here to make sure goes smoothly. Right. Because if you had to imagine one thing that would completely change the capability of this race of savage, barbarian, territorial apes with thermonuclear weapons, which is what we are, you would like.


Right. When they're about to achieve God-like powers like let's, let's like hover. Wow. Right. Right. That makes sense. It really does make sense when you put it into that context, which is actually reality that we are about, we are on the precipice of something that is so unimaginable Bigger than the split of the A. Yeah. I mean bigger than anything. Right. Like literally something. You're Blowing my mind right now. Yeah. Yeah. I mean we really, when you think so you're anxiety's gonna go up. Yeah. I mean, well no, I don't know. My anxiety's about stupid stuff, which is weird. Yeah. What So yeah, this stuff just doesn't bother me. But I get bothered by stupid stuff. What is wrong with this? Because this stuff is not gen genuinely affecting you right now.


If it was, if it was inescapable, yeah. If it was like hovering over this building right now, we wouldn't be able to have a podcast. We'd all be outside. Yeah. We we we'd be going, what the fuck man, if there's some silent thing that's three miles long that's blocking out the sky and it's hovering, You know, 300 yards above us, we would be all be freaking the fuck out. Right. So what my question is, like Elon Musk probably has like, what a IQ of like one 40 or something Or probably at least. So what is chat GBTs like iq like considered now? Well once chat GPT, once they achieve and they think they're gonna be able to do this in 2025 when it, it achieves artificial general intelligence.


I think what it will be as as smart as every human being that's on earth combined And See if that's right dude. If that's correct, what does that mean? Artificial general intelligence. But that's the thing is this is like whatever it is, it's baby steps. So whatever that is this insane leap from us to that is baby steps in comparison to what it's going to be. Right. It's not gonna stop there. Right. And if you have, if you have sentient artificial intelligence and unlimited computing power connected to nuclear power plants like they're gonna do and then it develops a better version of itself and better versions of power and ve better versions of its programming and All the other things that go along with it and its capabilities and if, if chat GPT is trying to lie and copy itself, what is that thing gonna do?


Right. And they also don't know how it works. Right. Like I watched that 60 minutes interview with that sort of godfather of AI or whatever they consider him like the guy who first created the biggest component of it and he says we don't the layers thing. And then he was like, they don't know how it works. They don't know how it learns. They don't know how it works. Yeah, They don't. No, That blows my mind. It should. Yeah, It should. And that, that's why the aliens are hovering. So is Elon concerned? Is Elon like really concerned about ai? I don't know. He keeps it under his hat. Yeah, he doesn't, I think he's got contracts with nasa, you know, and he's the defense department and he's running SpaceX. I don't think you can talk wild about aliens. Yeah. You got that kind of on the line. Right? That's what we're saying in the gym the day. 'cause he doesn't believe in him. I saw him on your sh like, I'm not sure.


He said if they're real they're very subtle. Yeah. I, I don't know. Yeah. 'cause people were like, oh how come he's not commenting on the drones? He comments on everything. It's true. But, and so like what does that tell you? That tells me something's going on. Yeah. That's what, 'cause I would be commenting on it if I had nothing to do with it and I was a super genius. Your comments on everything, I would for sure comment on all these fucking drones. Well There's a lot of them. My wife saw one, she videoed it. It was a drone. There's a lot of 'em. But it could have been a manmade, it could have been like somebody could've Been a kid. Because a lot of people are probably putting 'em up in the sky too, too. A hundred percent. They're all flying around Austin. I see 'em and they're normal drones. I seen, I seen 'em the other night. Yeah. Yeah. Boys, let's wrap this up. Sucks. Alright.


History Hyenas is back. I'm very happy. History Hyenas. We're, we're very happy. Very Happy. You guys are back and we're demonetized on YouTube so we we're trying to get re monetized, but What happened? What'd you say? We Didn't, Dude, who knows? It's again, it's a, I don't know. This is, why does this happen to me? I remember the last time censorship. Yeah. And the last time they did it to my channel and then you spoke about it and then they re monetized. They, they had suspended me last time. We don't know because Was before we were even active even started The problem is if you get a bunch of haters who flag your videos Yeah. And complain about 'em. I think sometimes that can do it. Yeah. It says harmful content. We didn't even put in episode. It's Just cock suckers who like just mass report you or they don't like you. I mean there's, there's a lot of ways to weaponize that whole reporting system. Yeah. We're Trying. But that's what, And then you know, you gotta realize like the YouTube is managing some fucking insane number of videos that are getting uploaded every minute. Right. And they probably have to have all these systems in place to handle this stuff and I bet you can game that system. And then there's also a bunch of people that work for them that are woke Dipshits. Yeah. Right. And I think they can flag things and they get outta line sometimes. Yeah, we tried, we tried to get it reinstated. They said we have to, you know, February is our next chance. YouTube Please Come on. Please Bring, it's just a history podcast for two funny guys'. Let It go. But that's why in effort, we are playing by the rules with YouTube and we have really clean, cute content on YouTube. But if you want to get fucking wild with us, go to patreon.com/ History Hyenas. That's where we're going off at. Patreon's a great sales pitch. It's true. We Are going off. Gentlemen, appreciate you very much. Yeah, you guys are awesome. Thank you. I'm so happy you're together again. Beautiful. Thanks. Thanks Joe.