
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. What up? That's it. The chef is in the building. Ladies and gentlemen. What's Up? What's up? Pleasure to meet you, man. You are a part of the most iconic band in all of hip hop. There is no question. There's one Wu-Tang. There's only one Wu-Tang. Nothing else is even close. You guys are so different than every other band that ever existed. Crazy. It was a giant group of you. Yeah, Man. And everybody was a killer fucking Mob man. It's a crazy band man. Like no one is. If you think about it, there's been a lot of hip hop duos.


There's been a lot of producers and MCs. There's been a lot of people that get together in like small groups. But there's only one Wu-Tang. There's only one group of nine assassins. I tell niggas that All the time. Like It's kind of crazy. You ain't gonna get another one of these. It's, it's crazy that it worked. Yeah. Yeah. Cause it wasn so hard to keep all those alphas together. It really is crazy to make it work the most illest shit. Some shit that I never would've thought would ever exist. It was able to exist because we tried it, but it wasn't, it wasn't normal. It wasn't normal. Well, it wasn't normal. You tried it, but it was this, it almost seems like it was just instinct.


Like it's not like a, a business strategy that anybody would ever come up with, right. Nine dudes. Nah. And nine of the realest dudes like the rawest, realest dudes. Yeah. And it worked. Yeah. And it worked. And it worked. I tell people All the time, it was like when Rizza, you know, he came with this whole philosophy of wanting to do it. It was like hitting a lotto for him. Like he didn't know what to expect. It was more reputation thing for us. It was like, yo, I wanna do this. And you know, he came the block and he talked to some real dudes that was really had other shit planned in they life, you know? But hip hop was always like that backpack that we wore every day. But everybody had different plans.


So he really literally came in and started to pick motherfuckers that he felt had potential. So it's like the mob. It's like, You know, You know, lucky Luciano Prime example. You know, he knew that motherfuckers had potential. Right? He knew dudes had potential in Anyway. He's from a different party. He's from a different party. He's from a different part. But yo, what we could do right here is we could make money. So put your fucking feelings down or whatever the case may be. And let's talk about some money. Yeah. And that right there kind of like, yo, you start shaking hands across the table. Yo, I know you didn't really fuck with me like that.


Yo, I never had anything against you like that though. But it just, it was just something that he felt like at the end of the day, let me try this shit. Well, Riz is a genius and it's, it's amazing that he was able to coordinate that, because that's often the case, right? With other killers.


Like this episode is brought to you by Paramount. Plus your next Family crime saga obsession is coming this March to Paramount Plus Mob Land. An explosive new series from the underworld of Guy Richie Stars, Tom Hardy Pierce Brosnan and Helen Mirren go inside the Harrigan crime family who will stop at nothing to ensure they come out on top in a war that threatens to topple empires and destroy lives. Don't miss the new episode of Mob Land Now streaming on Paramount Plus,


this episode is brought to you by Call of Duty. All right. Call of Duty War Zone fans. It's happening. The moment we've been waiting for Ver Dansk is back on April 3rd. Yep. You heard me right? The iconic map, the one that started it all, is making its epic return. I'm talking superstore chaos. Rooftop snipers at the hospital, at the Madness, at prison. All of it starting April 3rd, you can drop back in, relive the mayhem and feel the adrenaline rush that you've been missing. Whether you are a war zone vet or a newbie, it's your chance to drop in to verdan new gameplay, updates for dance error, weaponry, All the classics, All the chaos. So call up the squad, load up and get ready for those heart racing moments that you've been missing. Verdan returns on April 3rd. Don't miss it. This is gonna be wild. Download Call of Duty Warz Zone for free. And I'll see you in ver Dansk rated M for mature.


When the dude's a bad motherfucker, they always assume that everybody else doesn't like them. They always assume that everybody else is the enemy or competition. Yep. So to have nine of you guys together like that as one group, you know, we always, I told you when I, when I sent you a message, I said that we play protect your neck. It's like, I know whenever we have, I know a police escort, that's what's the most hilarious thing. So we do arena shows, we, we hire a police escort. So it's like fucking sirens and chin protect your neck All the time. The whole, it's like the perfect song to play when you're, when you're getting a police escort. Oh my God. Nah. I know, I know. Trust me. These young kids that I have at the club, like I was explaining Wu Tang Clan to them the other night.


I go, you have to understand how wild this band was. I go, when Old Dirty Bastard was in Rikers, they went to Rikers and performed in Rikers. You remember that? Yes. How the fuck you remember that? I told everybody, I was like, do you know how crazy that is? Yeah. You're talking about like the biggest rap band in the fucking world. And they're performing in a penitentiary to one of the members who's one of the biggest fucking hip hop stars in the world who's in jail. He's in jail right now. And then you guys go into the crowd. God bless his soul, first and Foremost. Oh my God. Old Dirty Bastard was a classic. Yeah. Yo Joe, yo Joe is the funniest shit because when we came in and when we seen him, he was eating a cheeseburger, laughing and shit.


You know, he remind you, he never, he never was, you know, dirty. He, I don't even think, I never seen him eat meat like that or whatever the case may be. But we came in, he was eating the cheeseburger and shit, laughing. So we was dying laughing. And they kept, you know, the people up in there, they kept telling us like, yo, y'all can't, y'all can't go into the, to the, to the, to the crowd with everybody. You know, we knock on the hold, no responsibility if something happened. So, you know, we like, all right, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, we ain't going in. Once we got on that stage, it was like, fuck the stage. We out there touching everybody and wow. It was love, man. It was a lot of love. What was that man? It had to be what I say what 90 what?


90? 98, 97. Wow. 98. No internet. Probably Like Yeah. None of that shit though. None of that. Is there even a recording of that anywhere? Nah. God, I don't think so. I don't think so. That would've been, You know how wild that video would be. Yeah. I never knew that people seen that. I don't know how the fuck you knew that shit. Like, Oh, I heard about it. Yeah, I heard about it. I mean, but they loved us though in the news back then. Yeah. That you guys performed in Rikers. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I, the nineties for hip hop, it was like, people need, you have to understand for young people you grew up with hip hop. You're only 20 years old. I get it. But you have to understand, from my perspective, in the 19, in 1980, there was no hip hop in 1992.


That was all anybody gave a fuck about. That is crazy. Yeah. For a new art form. It, I mean, To, to emerge. Right? Right. I mean there was like Sugar Hill gang, there was some hip hop, but it wasn't the thing until the nineties and nineties. Hip hop Was, it got big. It got big. Yeah. It got so big. I remember, I remember, it's so crazy you said that, because I tell people All the time, like disco to me was hip hop before hip hop was, You know, disco r and b, everything was a mixture. It was a mixture. So really when hip hop came, like you said, it came like maybe I'm, I'm gonna say 80, 85.


It had to be 84 'cause I was in junior high school. Yeah, yeah. We was young boys. Right. So I would definitely say you, you heard something And it was like, oh shit, motherfuckers is rhyming. Wow. I ain't, You know, this shit sound cool though. You know what I mean? It sound cool. But really, it, it was a way to bring people together, you know, that was going through different shit in they life. You know what I mean? Yeah. And you know why it was earlier than that? Because in 84 I was in high school, so it had to be 80, 80, 82. 'cause I was in high school. I was a freshman in high school in 81. So I heard Sugar Hill Gang when I lived in Jamaica Plain, which was in 1980. Yeah. So that was the first time I'd ever heard any kind of hip hop.


Yeah. Yeah. So like, yeah, like we said, yeah. 80. Yeah, I was 10 years old. So me probably really, really gravitating to it. I I, I probably was like 12, like you said, 12 Two. What was the first hip hop that really grabbed you? Do you remember? Do you remember like what, what was the shit that you were first into when you were a kid?


Alright folks, it's that time of year. Everyone is on a mission to improve their health and wellness habits and set the tone for 2025 by sticking to a routine. And while sticking to a healthy routine isn't always easy, it's so worth it. And you all know that I've been using a G one for years. It's honestly been so supportive of my foundational nutrition. Ag One is a daily health drink that combines vitamins, minerals, superfoods, and more in just one scoop. And many traditional supplements are poorly absorbed. But AG one is designed for maximum nutrient absorption and is packed with micronutrients that are hard to get in your everyday diet. You can also add a few drops of their vitamin D three plus K two for added immune support. It's a game changer, especially during the winter months. So set the tone for a healthy year ahead with Ag one. Simply put, it's a way to invest in your health now and in the long run. And that's why I partner with them for so long. Try Ag one and get a FREE bottle of vitamin D three K two, and five free Ag one Travel packs with your first subscription@drinkagone.com slash Joe Rogan. That's a $76 value gift for free. If you go to drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan. Seriously, folks, check it out.


The start of a new year is the perfect time to get organized, set goals and prioritize what matters most. For me, a top priority is financial wellness, which feels more important than ever. And that's where Rocket Money comes in. They show you all of your subscriptions right in one place and help you easily cancel ones that you forgot you've been paying for. Rocket Money also pulls together all of your spending across your different accounts so You can clearly track spending habits and see where you can cut back. You know how it goes. Something might seem like just what you want at the time. Maybe you really needed to see that show on that random streaming service. Or perhaps you love pickles so much you signed up for a monthly delivery box full of them. But then that show gets canceled and you realize there's only so much of vinegar. Goodness a person can take the money still leaves your account every month and you just never quite get around to canceling it because you're a busy person. Right? That's the beauty of Rocket Money. Rocket Money is a personal financial app that helps you find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. They'll even try to negotiate lower bills for you. They automatically scan your bills to find opportunities to save. Then you can ask them to negotiate for you. Rocket Money will deal with customer service so you don't have to. And that's why Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocket money.com/jre today. That's rocket money.com/jr e rocket money.com/jre.


The first shit that that grabbed me was like how you said Sugar Hill gang. You know Rapper is Delight. Yeah. Hip Hop rapper is delight. Hip hop don't stop. That was the shit, You know. Oh my god. Now look, I had cousins everywhere. I had cousins, I had wild cousins and shit. They was, you know, they was wild. They was selling drugs. They was, you know, smoking weed and sniffing coke And you know what I mean, doing whatever they was doing. And they used to live two, they used to live two floors above me and I used to sneak up there and shit. And you know, just being they business being they world. And they would be playing music. They had the record player, you know, you see Coke on the table and wow.


Weed and everything. And my cousins, they was cool. They was like, yo, come in man. We don't give a fuck. Like, just don't tell your mother that you that you was around this shit. You know what I mean? Nah, nah, I ain't gonna say nothing. I ain't gonna say nothing. And I would just be watching And you know, I would see weed on the album covers And you know what I mean? Just motherfuckers running back and forth in the room And you know, they in the shit, but they always was playing music and a lot of the music was r and b, you know, disco, you know. And then next thing You know, I heard this fucking record Sugar Hill Gang. And I'm like, the groove was dope. I'm like, holy shit. Like this is what I want to be. You know what I mean? Yeah. I'm looking at the whole vibe. I'm like, this is who I am right here.


You know? But it's so Time crazy how it emerged. I mean, it emerged. Yeah. Nobody expected that bro. Well It's, it was a totally new thing. Yeah. And there was a lot of resistance. I mean, for people that don't know those little warning labels on your, when you used to have CDs, that all came from Al Gore's wife. Get the fuck outta here. Al Gore's wife, tipper Gore, she was a Democrat. Right. She wanted a censor rap music. Oh shit. 'cause this was the first time anybody heard like ice tea, you know, like six in the morning. Everybody's like, what the fuck is this? Yeah, yeah. You know, And that kind of explicit lyrics. They wanted to put a stop to it. Yeah. And that's why they put, and these dumb asses, they didn't even understand.


It sold way more albums. Yeah. Because that's what kids are looking For. That's Where's the fucking, this They don't even swear. Yeah. Get this shit outta here. Once they got label on, it's like, I wanted it exactly. Once the flood gates got open and kids got turned on to like real hardcore hip hop, you couldn't sell the, the the, The regular shit. The regular Shit is like, get outta here with that. Yeah. I, I Mean, Wass a few guys that got through with regular shit, but it just didn't last. Nah, it definitely didn't last. But like you said though, everybody wanted the raw shit. And you gotta remember at that time it was a tough time, man. Too much shit was going on. I mean, it was to the point where it's like, yo, and our neighborhood, we had, we had like crazy people, like if they catch you at night, they'll kill you.


Like they'd be dressed up like a fucking drag or whatever, all this makeup on. And you know, I remember one time going to the incinerator room, my mom's made me go, she made me go to the, to the take out the garbage and shit. I forgot to take it out. And she came home later that day and I was laying down and she fucking smacked me in the head with a broom. Like, yo, didn't I tell you to take out the fucking garbage? So now I'm going down to the incinerator room, you know, walking it, it's on the same floor. And I remember when I cut the corner, I seen the motherfucker sticking his head out and he had his hair all, wow. His shit was like green and red and all this. And he had lipstick on all, all crazy. And his eyes was all fucking bugged out looking.


And he looked at me and when, and I got the garbage pail with me. And it's like, yo, once I seen him, I just turned, I just dropped the shit and ran Ma ma, you know what I mean? Back then, you know, you yo, your mother name and shit. You think that, that, that was something cool back then. You know, she's your hero at that time. Came back, the nigga was gone. But I think if he would've caught me in that incinerator door when it was closed, he was gonna probably try to run in there and probably try to fucking kill me or something. And that shit was going on back then because the drugs, the drugs was crazy back then. So, you Know. Right. That's the big shift is crack. Yeah. Crack. That's also in the eighties. Yeah. But see, but see, before crack you had that dope. That dope, that dope.


So motherfuckers was mixing dope and coke together and getting high and shooting balls, shooting it. Yeah. Everything. You know what I mean? It was, it was a serious time back then, man. But you know, that's how far to me music went back. You know, listening to ladies night, you know what I mean? I had, I had people in my store that had a candy store right on the same floor, but it wasn't a candy store. They j had a bunch of penny candy just to make kids feel cool. But really they were selling coke in the back. Coke and dope though. So, you know, all this was going on in the community, man. Wow. It was, it was a serious time. It was scary times back then. But if it's not for those scary times, you don't get the kind of band that Wu-Tang was like that.


That has to emerge from an authentic experience. Absolutely. It has to. Absolutely. And that's part of the appeal of it, is that everybody kind of knew that, you know, it was part of the appeal. It was a, there's never been like a genre of music like that that's so connected to like the grind and poverty and crime and ghettos, like the whole genre of me to be authentic. Right. You had to come from that. You couldn't be you though some rich kid from the suburbs that was talking about some shit you'd never actually experienced. Yeah, we Wouldn't Believe you. We wouldn't you nobody wants to hear it. Right. Which is kind of crazy. Right. That's true. I mean, You know, back then, You know, hip hop was really an expression for the ghetto.


You know, the way that out, you know, being that we was living in fucked up situations and nobody had shit, nobody had no fucking jobs like that. It was like, yo, we needed something to keep us cool, keep us in the vibe mode. You know, back then gangs was still relevant. You know, we never looked at ourselves as a gang. We might've looked at ourselves as a tribe that yo, when you from a neighborhood and you stick to your neighborhood, you know what I mean? And that's why even back then, it was like a lot of times, you know, you would beef with people that wasn't from your neighborhood just because you wasn't from here. It's like, yo, what the fuck you doing over here? You don't live over here.


You know? Then it creates this animosity thing. And I remember for us, You know, being, being in the area where it was like, you go up the block, up the block, stayed up the block down the block, stay down the block. So for me, I was in the middle, so, You know, I, I lean more towards up the block, you know. But then we would go down the block just to start trouble And, you know, then they would come up the block and they would start trouble and next thing you know, before you know it, we all fucking with each other. You know what I mean? So that was our way of getting to know each other, is to test each other's heart. And whatever may happen was happening back then though.


But the music, believe it or not, the music was keeping a peace now just, you know, the music was keeping a peace because they would do block parties, right. They would do block parties and you know, everybody knew all these different DJs was coming from different places and go and going to going to play some music and shit. So we knew every time they did that, we knew something was gonna happen at the end of the night. It was just mandatory. It was just because people from all over different, different neighborhoods would come out and everything would be nice. And next thing you know, you see a motherfucker riding down the street all crazy, you know, You know, trying to hit motherfuckers and swinging the golf club out the fucking out the window and shit.


And you know, somebody mother might have got knocked out, you know what I mean? You know, but the music is still playing, You know, so yeah, that's the type of shit that, to me, that made it fun, but made it spooky. But it still was fun because it was something to remember. It was like, oh, well it's fun 'cause you survived. Yeah. Oh yeah, definitely. The survival. Yeah. You know, but we were young so we didn't, we didn't care about, we didn't care about whether we live or die at that time, we didn't give a fuck. It was like, whatever's gonna happen is gonna happen. That's wild. But the music, the music is what kept things in order for us, you know?


'cause we always felt like that was a vessel to being calm. You know, when you come from somewhere that's fucked up Joe, and there's nothing there. You can't get a job because of your community. Your zip code don't allow you to be like, yo, he, he's hired. No, it's, it's too infested over there. So you kind of, you kind of become relaxed with that mentality of saying, well, fuck it, I'm gonna live off the land. I'm gonna sell weed. I'm going do whatever I think that is going to make me survive. You know? So everything was just survival, you know, when music always kept us calm and you always wanna listen to what's the next being played like I, I grew up on r and b music, like disco and, You know, all that.


All that fun shit. Roller skating, you know, I know motherfuckers in the neighborhood that was roller skiing. You know, we would get off of Staten Island sometimes and go to these different parks and jams in the city. That was fun too though. That was, that was fun times for us. When was it? So was it Rza that try did, was it initially all nine guys? Like how did it get formed? Hmm. Well, number one, it was Rizza, his cousin Gza and his other cousin, old Dirty Bastard that they were super close now. Old Dirty Bastard.


And JA, they were from Brooklyn. Rizza was from Staten Island. You know, we all, we all Brooklyn babies too. Majority of us in the Klan, we all, You know, resided in New in Staten Island, but majority of us grew up in Brooklyn. But anyway, it was those three that were closest as shit. So, Rizza back then Rza, he had Knowledge Self, which was, you know, being involved with the Nation of Islam and also JA and all Dirty. They were a part of the nation at that time. So they would go to a lot of rallies. This is a place where everybody go when they build, they talking about mathematics and all of this.


But it was Jizz and O Dirty who instilled the hip hop into Rizza. So Rizza was a DJ back then, but he knew how to rhyme too. And he knew how to rhyme because of his cousins. So they kind of had this gang called, not a gang, but they had this thing called the All In Together now Crew, which was them three. And they would run around and they would battle, you know, different guys from different cities and move around. So, you know, some of us kind of knew what they were about. You know, a lot of us, you know, found out later who they were. But when Rizz and O Dirty came to Staten Island, they came in and hang out with their cousin. So, You know, we started to see them a little bit more and know that, You know, yo or heard about your rhymes And you know, and dirty.


He was just a crazy motherfucker. But then he was crazy. But yeah, they, they had their own little thing going on. And then, You know, next thing you know, JZ a caught a record deal. He caught a record deal, which was rare back then. Like if you had to, if you fucking caught a record deal, that mean that you had to have relationships, you had to know where to go. You had to have some, some type of connects. So that's what Gravitated rizza into wanting to, to do it because he seen that his cousin had had, was able to, you know, crack the code on making a record. So when that happened, it was almost like it magnet, it magnetized Rizza to be like, yo, I gotta make a record now too.


You know? And the next thing you know, that's, they had they movement going on. So us from the outside looking, it was like, oh shit, yo, we know them, we know they super passionate about, You know, being in the game and doing whatever they going to do. But we wasn't thinking that far. We just loved the music in general. Wow. So, and then, so Rizza is essentially the mastermind to put All the pieces together and to bring all you killers Absolutely. Into one under one roof. Absolutely. Absolutely. Amazing how he saw that. Because again, that's not something that existed. Yeah, it's like Eric b Rakim. You know, there was, you know, there was a few P-E-P-M-D, there's a few people, you Know your shit, You Know your shit, you people, Gangstar, there was a few people that were together, but it wasn't like you guys, Nah, nah, because that, It was kind of scary.


It was like, damn, when you guys had a show, I mean, I heard stores that it was just like, you guys would show up like 300 people. Yeah. That was, you know, that was some neighborhood shit. But yeah, like you said, that was so rare to see a group that come out like that. And it was really a mistake. It wasn't really designed to be that way. But when Rizza had a record situation and they tried to make him be something that he wasn't, and then, you know, Always the Case. You know what I mean? He was like, yo, fuck that. I don't even care about the shit at this level no more. I want to create this now and I'm bringing in all my guys. And you know, he just, he just put that number together.


So, believe it or not, I was one of the guys that he called first because we used to hang out. Like, like I, I tell people All the time, like, yo, I might have been Rizzo's first, you know, big fan. So I kind of seen something in him already. I seen something. I'm like, yo, this guy really, you know, him and his cousins? And I'm like, yo, these motherfuckers really got talent. You know, not only the ability to rhyme, but they was clever. Like I'm talking about clever rhymes. Right, right, Right. You know, and they was mixing it with the knowledge And, you know, smart rhymes. Not, not these fucking regular Humpty Dumpty lines. Like I'm talking about serious rhymes. Right. I'm like, I'm like, damn. You know what I mean? Like, yo, so, you know, this is something that I felt like I would want to go chill with them just to be in the mix and be a fly on the wall.


Wasn't even thinking about being no fucking rapper. I didn't give a fuck. I just loved the music. But I'm watching these motherfuckers, yo, I'm like, something about these motherfuckers that I love. Yeah. You know? And next thing You know, when Rizza, you know, Rizza went out there and he came back to the community and he was like, yo, I caught a record deal. So, you know, I was there. I'm like, we see this shit looking at this shit. See what the fuck is. Oh yeah, I'm looking down here. Like you said, the, the what's the name? The Fine print. Yeah. The fine print shit. I'm like, yo, this motherfucker man. Record. Oh shit. Yo bow Staten Island. That's what's up. We up. You know? But his situation ain't work out the way he wanted it to.


And that's when he came back and he started to be like, yo, chef, this is what I'm trying to do. Well, the dangerous thing for young artists in every industry is when you have potential and you're young, you sign a fucking contract and you don't know what's going on. And then you get locked into these people and then a lot of times you're getting fucked and you don't even know, oh, it's a Mandatory, you're getting fucked. Cause it wasn it's a Mandatory Mandatory Mandatory. Yeah. You're getting fucked. Which is how they make their money. They make money by fucking young artists who don't know any better. And by the time someone gets to like a prince's level, he's like, oh, you owe me, I'm, I'm a fucking squiggly line. Exactly. Suck my dick. Exactly. He performs as a symbol. I mean that's why he performed as a symbol, right? They owned him. Yep.


Exactly. It's crazy. You take like the most talented people in the world and they get owned by people who provide no value. Yeah. Especially today. Yeah. Today it's even crazier. Right. Oh, you know, 'cause there is no record sales anymore. It's all gone. It's over baby. It's all Gone. It's over gone. So for a young artist, it so important that they stay independent as long as they can. Just like you're hanging off a bridge. Hang on. Yeah. That's what you Can do. You going keep grinding, don't sell it. Don't sign. Yeah. If you sign, you're gonna be fighting that shit 10 years from now. Yeah. You are gonna be in court 10 years from now. Yeah. You right. And somebody's gonna gonna be getting not just 50%, but like, some fucking ins insane. Like Bill Burr was explaining this about his, his first comedy CD that he got a 60 40 deal.


He's like, oh great. 60 40. But it's not really 60 40 because he has to pay for all, All the distribution, Everything. Yeah. All the, All the printing of the CDs, everything came outta his money. Lemme ask you a question. Let me ask you a question. Put yourself in the artist situation, right? You have talent, right? You have talent. Here it is. I got, I got everything you want. Yeah. You going to have to make some sacrifices For sure. Because you know that, yeah, you may, you may feel like y'all got talent, but I don't have the resources. Right? So those resources come and tell you, yo, look, I'll give you a shot. I'm gonna give you a shot.


But either you take this shot or you stay in the hood. What are you gonna do? You're gonna take the shot. You're gonna take the shot. All right. You gonna take the shot? And I agree with everybody who takes that shot. I'm just letting them know. Right? I'm just letting them know, look, you're getting fucked. You're Getting fucked. But but see, it's the sacrifice that I'm trying to explain to you that every, every artist takes, they takes that sacrifice. Because at the end of the day, you have to start from somewhere, right? So even when labels are being them, in my mind I'm saying, yo, I get a chance to have a job. Joe. Niggas ain't never had no fucking job in they life. And now we get a chance to do something that could maybe think that you could change the world with and love.


It's like you going go for it. So for us back then, being kids, we didn't give a fuck. Right? We didn't care about signing. Yo I sign because what the fuck? I gotta lose. Right? I done been through everything. I done, I done been over here. I done been kicked outta everywhere. Fuck it. I just want to be heard. So a lot of time that be the protocol is just to be heard. Yeah. To be heard. To be able to say, yo, something happened. I don't give a fuck. A lot of artists got robbed a lot. A lot of artists, and especially our, our OGs that did it before us, like be, you know what I mean? Sugar Hill gangs, all these different guys, they all have been manipulated to do what they had to do.


But it almost gave them power too, because they became,


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Have you ever been shopping online? And the website just gave you the ick, let me tell you, that wouldn't happen if they used Squarespace. Squarespace Design Intelligence empowers anyone to build beautiful more personalized websites tailored to your unique needs. And with Squarespace payments, it's super easy to manage payments with just a few clicks. Plus, with Squarespace's integrated and optimized SEO tools, there's All the help you need to get people to your site. Head to Squarespace dot com slash Emma for a free trial and use code Emma to save 10% on your first purchase.


This episode is brought to you by warfare from a 24 written and directed by Iraq War Veteran Ray Mendoza and Civil Wars Alex Garland warfare embeds audiences with a US Navy platoon. But when their operation goes wrong, the only way out is together. A visceral boots on the ground. True story told by the soldiers who lived it. Warfare Stars Will Poulter Kit Connor with Joseph Quinn and Charles Melton. Experience it in IMAX and theaters everywhere on April 11. Get tickets now at tickets. Warfare movie


Famous. They became big, they became legend. There's an argument for that, but I think it should be more fair. Oh, listen, I'm You, that's all. It's, oh, Of course you're, I'm with you on that. Of course you're, but we just talking about the Sacrifice. What you gotta do, you have To do it sacrifices everything. If you're a young kid and that's step one, and now you're on the runway. Okay, you gotta take it. You gotta take it. But you gotta take it. It just should be more fair. Oh. And it shouldn't be. I agree. I agree. It shouldn't lock people in for life. And I'm sure later on things worked out And you know, now that you proved yourself once They become undeniable, you Know, it's like I tell a motherfucker this, I'm like, yo, imagine you were a hustler. Right? And you run into the connect and the connect say, yo, you talking like you know how to move shit.


I'm gonna give you 50 pounds of marijuana back then. You know what I mean? Now you may feel like at the end of the day you can handle it, but a motherfucker tell you, Joe, I'm giving you these fucking 50 pounds, but I need my money back today at this time. You can either take the 50 because you're so fucking confident, or take one and say, yo, I'd rather take my time. You know what I mean? I don't want to be in debt with you. What are you going do? You Gotta take the 50. You go, oh, you, oh yeah, he's, you Gotta take the 50. He wants to fucking get his head fucking chopped Up. You gotta take the 15. I, You know, I mean, you gotta know people. Yeah. And you gotta bring everybody in and you gotta share the money. See, You gotta know people. You gotta Share the Money. You gotta, You know, There's a lot More money.


You know, you ain't competent in knowing what the fuck you need to know. I advise you don't take 'em. You shouldn't be having that conversation. Shouldn't having, if you don't know anybody. But if You know some people and you're generous, oh, that's the thing. You gotta make it worth these people's While you gotta bring, you gotta say, listen, we're all gonna get something out of this. And see, now look, that philosophy that you said Yeah. Is what we took on. Yes. We took that on. Yes. We said, You know what, at the end of the day, we'll take this little bit of money, but we going to go, we going to be willing to sell ourselves to get to this level. Yes. 'cause we know what we believe in. See, it all starts from what you believe. Yes. If you don't have the belief in yourself to make it happen, you fucked.


It's all, it's a rising Tides lifts all boats thing too. Oh, absolutely. And with Wu-Tang clan, that was for sure a big thing because anybody that was associated with Wu Tang Clan was automatically respected automatically. People wanted to listen automatically. Yeah. Yeah. Automatically. So like that, that just lifts everybody. That lifts every, but it's hard for people to see that. Everybody thinks about themselves. Especially when you're struggling. When you're struggling, then Of course you're scared and you, you know, and scared. Money doesn't make money. Don't make money. That's what it is. Everybody gets paranoid and they think you No, you got, that's when you gotta bond together. That's when everybody, you have to find real people and stick together. You said the, you said the key word. Gotta you gotta sell that 50. You gotta know your, you gotta sell that 50.


Yeah. Talk to Carlos to college. Go down to Bodega. Let's make a deal, man. We gotta make some deals. We got 10, 10 hours. I guess that's what Riz a, I guess that's what Rizza did, is that he, he danced with the devil for the right reason. And you know, we took, we took some scars. We, we got hit. But it was A different world back then too. Yeah. In terms of the industry. Because today all you need is a social media account. Spotify, SoundCloud. Yeah. Yeah. You can blow up. Yeah. You can blow up today. Yeah. Easily. Back then you needed the radio. Yeah. You needed, you know, you could sell mix tapes, but it's hard. Or you had to be some undeniable talent. Yeah. You know, like I, we always played the video of Biggie when he was 17 on the street.


Remember that video? Yeah. Yeah. When he was in his neighborhood. Yeah. That's Undeniable talent. Yeah. Yeah. Like that's the kind of talent. Like that dude's gonna, if he stays alive, you can't stop that train. Absolutely. That train's running everything over. You know what I mean? It's like, there was guys like that back then, but man, to get out there and get your name out there, you had to, you had to dance, you had to work. Had to dance with that devil had to work. Yep. You had the work. That business was so dirty back then. It still is. But real dirty back then in the record selling days. Yeah, Of course, Of course. I mean, but that's what made us learn is that we had to grow through the, we had to go through those growing pains. We had to get jerked to, to learn how to say, yo, that was a lesson.


Yeah. Everything is a lesson at the end of the day. It's like, if you willing to sacrifice yourself and your time to learn something. I was, I would always say, go for it. Yes. You know, go for it. Definitely go for it. You know it for, it's so much better than not going for it. Yeah. Because then you going to be, you going to be sitting in the same situation and you gonna realize at the end of the day, damn, I should have took that opportunity. Some people are scared of opportunities when they come and it's like, if a person offered you opportunity nine times outta 10, it may not work for you the way you want it to work, but it may be opportunity to help you. Yes. You know, it's all about you trying to help yourself and, and get out there.


It's like what? Watching Scarface and the nigga told him, he said, yo give you five grand. Better do. And if you fuck this up, Chico. Scarface looked at him and said, man, the fuck is you talking about? We built for this shit man. Yeah. You know, and he lost, he lost his man in the mix. But he was able to prove to himself that I could do it. Yeah. That's how I look at rap. It's like, yo, I don't give a fuck. Yeah. We'll take this, we'll take this little bit of money, but we going to prove to y'all later on that we know what the fuck we doing. And for young people listening to this, every chance you take where you fail, that's a lesson learned.


That's a lesson, baby. And you just keep taking chances. That's right. Keep going. Yeah. Pick yourself back up. Figure out where you fucked up and learn from that. Now you're better. That's right. That's right. Now you have more experience coming into this next thing. Just keep going. Just keep going man. Just keep going. Especially as artists, it's just like so many artists, they don't hit until they do. That's right. And then when they do, it's like, oh, and then people want to go back in their past stuff like, oh, this guy had fucking three albums before this. Yeah. Think about it. Think about all our favorite artists out there. You know, Eminem, You know, Eminem been trying to fucking get on, You know, You know, Rakim Slick Rick, all these guys, so many, they, they went through, they went through a lot to get on.


You know what I mean? Biz Marky, You know, nobody wanted to fuck with biz at first, but you know, he finally figured the code out and was like, yo, this is what I'm gonna do. You know, he started rocking shows and different communities and next thing you know, people start hearing about 'em and you're like, oh shit. Yo, this guy is dope. But it's that sacrifice, man. I tell people All the time. Gotta Sacrifice. Yeah. It's time put in. Yeah. Time put in energy, effort, determination. Yeah. And you gotta have some talent. You gotta Have some talent. The talent is just, God just gives you something or doesn't, You know, run. You know, some people just got it, you know? Yeah, exactly. And some people, it's also like artistic families.


Like Nas, You know, he, he grew up in this like intellectual, artistic family. And that's why his rhymes are so good. Yeah. His pops man. His pops is a musician. Yeah. Good friend of mine. Like Rewind. Yeah. That's like one of the greatest songs of any genre anybody's ever written. It's a genius song. So crazy. I was listening to that shit yesterday. Genius. The Bully song goes back in the gun. Yeah. Yeah. Genius song. The whole song backwards. You fuck with lyrics on about it. And it's amazing. Oh, I love Nas. Especially for lyrics. His lyrics are incredible. They, they were so good. So were so good. Dope and, and unusual like that. Like say deciding, I mean, the first guy I make a a rap backwards.


Yeah. And make it work perfectly. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know, I mean it's just, Hey, did you ever listen to any of the shit where the brand new heavies got together with a bunch of rappers? The brand new heavies. I know the name, but I'm trying to, The brand new heav, like a jazz band did, did a collaboration with Gang Star Cool G Rap. Oh yeah. Yeah. A bunch of guys. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Some of my favorite shit of all time. Yeah. They was more musical though, like you said. Yeah. They was more musical. Yeah. Have you ever heard Cool G Rap's Death Threat? Nah. Oh my God. Jamie Play that Be Schooling me this shit. Yeah. Play that. Play that. Find that. We'll put. We gotta put on the headphones for this. Come on. This is in my, along with a bunch of W Tang. This is in my Hear this shit.


Yeah. This is in my Spotify playlist. Okay. This is cool. G rapping like, I wanna say 92. Yeah, 92. Listen to this. So think that I'm a Flake, but I'm no fake nigga because I think his As with a 44. So simple, two simple, give nigga permanent up on a Fast. I never heard That shit before. How good is this? One of my favorites Right there. Turn this Chicks with small dicks.


Nice. Nice. So good. Nice. So good. So this was on a brand new heavies album? Yes. Never The brand new Heavies did one with Gang Star. They, they did a bunch of different artists. Nice. And it's what year was this? 92. Yeah. Phenomenal. She was the beginning. Yeah. Yeah. I was on a road trip. I was doing a gig in Connecticut with a buddy of mine who's a comedian. Right. And he turned me onto this like, holy shit, you gotta listen to this shit. Holy. And I was like, oh my God. And then I, I had a CD and I lost it and I couldn't find it forever. And then someone brought it up like a few years back, like six or seven years back. And I was like, it's gotta, you gotta be able to find it. And that's the beautiful thing about today with like YouTube And you know, so many of these platforms, people upload shit that you totally forgot about.


Forgot. Yeah. You forgot about it. Like Tim Dogg. Oh. You know, people forgot about like, fuck Compton. Remember that? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He was a wild cap. But he was real wild. Was good though. He was good. Compton. Yeah. He had, he was wowing back then. Yeah. Great shit, Man. Yeah. He was wowing back then though. But Coolee rap, that to me was like, that defined like road gigs for me in the 1990s when we would drive. That was when Cock blocking came out. I remember that. Remember that? The Wall shit, man. Oh my God, that song is amazing. Yeah, Man, damn. So you, you really, you really pay attention to this fucking hip hop shit like that Man. Yeah. Hip hop was a big part of my, my childhood or my, my young adulthood. Okay. You know, when I was driving around a lot doing comedy gigs, like a lot of Ghetto Boys.


I was a huge Ghetto Boys fan. Yeah, Me Too. You Know, ghetto Boys, you know, I was playing the other day in the Green Room. I was playing fucka war for these young kids. I was like, listen, this is a song from the 1980s about the Iraq War. This is about George Bush in the, in like the 19, late 1980s. And it applies today. You remember fucking War, fucking war. Nah, you, you fucking come Headphones are coming back on, on Let's go you fucking School with me on shit. Like, what the fuck? I talked to Willie d Willie d told me he wrote the song in 40 minutes. Wow. Yeah. I just angry wrote this song in 40 minutes. And this is Ghetto Boys in their prime. Mm. Hello. Can I speak With Bushwick? You know that album Bushwick Bell?


That was my guy right there, man. Mother. This is Bushwick motherfucking bill you That you've been drafted into the United States military In the United States once we flew 91. 91. Yeah. Yeah. Yikes. I What's up? Look at that big phone. He's got your nearest. Yeah. Yeah. I had one of those before too. Yeah. I don't give a fuck about you and all that bullshit. You stressing fuck war to Explain fuck something Like this motherfucker. That's how I feel. Suckers can't agree on something.


Fuckers you can me to join an army or any other military branch America. They I getting playing golf, Talking crazy. I ain't your damn. Oh shit. Shit. Right. Shit to me, all of those wasted lives and only one, two recognized.


Oh shit, What the fuck do I know Grenade? Yeah. He's in the NWA Chamber dude. He was in the NW Right. There was, dude, that shit was good. They Was getting me That applies thinking Yeah. Applies that Applies to today. We were all talking about what's going on right now with Gaza and Palestine. I Know. Yeah. Iran, I was like, listen to this And see this is why we love hip hop so much is because it was educational too.


Yes. It was giving us jewels. It was talking about things that were going on in the world. And that became the television for us. The music, the music, the news became The news too. Like you need to know what was actually going on, on like fuck of war tells you what's really going On, what's what was going on. Yeah. Yeah. So when I think about those Compton boys, those NW cats and all of that, that was expressing themselves. It was like that's what we all were facing and living amongst. And you know, like I said, I never heard that song before, so I could tell that was made around the time when NWA was doing they thing and you know, you hearing about all these riots and shit going on and things happening, you know, us living All the way on the other side of the world, it's like, yo, we not, yo, what the fuck was that?


Right. You know? But you heard it in the song and you knew it was real. Right. You respected it. Yeah. And to me, those perspectives in music were important for us because we were learning as we were getting older about society. Right. You know, you don't think about society when you poor and, and living in, in, in fucked up positions. You just think about survival. Right. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Survival is the only thing on your mind. And you, you, you, you, you dealing with things that's in front of you that at the end of the day you like, damn, what the fuck was that that just happened? Or what was this shit? But then when you heard it in rapping and motherfuckers like these was talking about it and all that. Right. It's like now you was like, oh, okay.


I see what the fuck is going on. Yeah. It's not just here, it's, it's all over. It's in every, everywhere, every ghetto or whatever the case may be. Yes. That's what was happening. Yes. So I never heard that before though. You just, you just put me on some real shit. Oh. And that's one of my favorite groups right there. Ghetto Boys. I love The Ghetto Boys. Ghetto Boys. The real shit right there. The, the 1990s Ghetto Boy era. Oof. Oof. Crazy. Crazy. That and that. Like, I remember the day I found out about NWA, I was teaching TaeKwonDo in Revere, Massachusetts and I was at the gym riding on the stair climber and I had just picked up this cassette and I was like, NWAI keep hearing about this. And I Fucked The Police was the first song I listened to.


And I remember I was on the stair climber going, this is wild. See. Wild. You see what I'm saying? You see what I'm saying? This is wild. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're hearing people talk about the police, like they're getting harassed by the police in a way you never Heard before. Heard before. Heard 'em saying, yeah, exactly. Fuck the police coming straight from the underground. It was like, I was like, wow. Coming straight from the Fucking, And it was a totally different kind of music. It was, it was like they were rapping and no one was listening. It was like they were rapping for themselves. Right. Yeah. Like they didn't give a fuck who was listening. They were rapping. Like they were doing it for their friends, but they were doing it to the whole world. And the whole world was like, whoa. A hundred miles and running the whole world was like, whoa. Yeah.


This is Crazy. So look, you had them, you had Public Enemy. Oh yeah. All of them type of guys were giving us information that was relatable in our community that they became Police. KRS one. KRS one, the teacher, you know, whoop Whoop. That's the sound of the police. All that shit right there to me was, was knowledgeable. Knowledgeable rap, hip hop, I ain't even gonna call it fucking rap, hip hop. Informational. Informational. Right. They like, especially KRS One and Public Enemy. Yeah. They were, they were saying something. It was like very, but it wasn't contrived, You know?


Right, right. Exactly. Exactly. It wasn't like, like, you know, you see people say shit today, like, ah, you're just doing that for claps. Nah, you doing like they were saying shit to let people know about some information that you're not aware of and this is why you are getting fucked. Period. This is why we're all getting fucked. Absolutely. Come on, come on. Even when fucking Spike Lee may do, do the Right Thing. Yes. One of my favorite movies right there. That's a classic right there. Classic, Classic, Classic, classic, classic shit. World Classic. But like you said, we was getting information and you know, you gotta remember, You know, at the end of the day, You know a lot of people that coming out of the, you know, the hood and just being like, I know you, you come from the hood. You, you know what I Tell Well I was born in Newark.


Yeah, you was born in York. Yeah. Shout out to Newark. So you, you seen it. I wasn't exactly that come from the hood 'cause I went to high school in the suburbs. Yeah, but you Yeah, yeah, that's true Bro. I lived in Newark. I was telling you, I lived in Newark when I was 23 for about se six or seven months. Wow. And I told you my next door neighbor, he was selling dope and the, the police raided his house while I was there. They battering, rammed his door and everything. He had a nice Audi. Right, right. I looked at him like how this dude has a nice car. Right, right. Selling dope. He was selling dope and they got him. But you was around it though, so he was able to, you know. Well that was also the time when I was the most into hip hop too. I mean that was nice. 1991 I guess.


90, 91. That was a wild era. 'cause that's when hip hop was just exploding. Yeah, Yeah. You right. Exploding. Yeah. I would say definitely 91 you had naughty by nature, you know. Oh yeah. They had emerged on the scene. Like you said, Rakim and them and big Daddy Kane's. Oh yeah. Eazy Es and Ice cubes. To this day, all I go to Work is one of my favorite workout songs. What? Which one? Big Daddy Kae. I'll go to Work. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's one of our icons Right there. Oh my God. I gotta work One of the icons. Yeah. Oh, he was so smooth and so fast too. Yeah. You know, big Daddy Kae had like a very particular style. Absolutely.


It was energetic. You know, you heard his style, like, God, you like your blood started pumping, you know? Yeah, yeah. You started getting moving And see, those are the type of guys that pa the way for us to be. So, you know, outspoken on the mic. You know, when I, when I sit here and I think about the clan, you know, the w on how we, you know, formed, we formed Voltron. Each one of us had a superpower that related back to those guys. You know, all these guys that we talking about today. They was the, they was the light bulb, Right? In the, in the, in the house. You screw that shit on you.


This is what I see right now. I see Slick Rick, I see Rakim, I see Cube, I see fucking, you know, all these guys that pa the way for us. So the Klan, at that time, we were so, you know, inclined on knowing about all these guys, knowing majority of them, we kept a piece of them in us that helped us become who we are. Yeah. Like I tell motherfuckers All the time, I say, yo, lemme tell you something. When we came out, naughty by Nature was the shit they was, they was fucking shit up on the East Coast side of things, you know? And at that time you had them, you had EPMD, you had Queen Latifah, Roxanne, Shante, all of these, you know, artists back then were blowing up LL Camp Front on ll Ll Oh yeah.


Guy LL was huge. Ee Rap. One of my favorites. I know. That's one of your favorites. You know, the Fat Boys, all these guys were just That's Right. Fat Boys, You know, these guys was giving us so much food for thought that we knew that if we didn't come on that level, we wasn't built to be in a game at that time. Well, there was so much high quality. Yeah. The, the, the level high Quality, that's the word. The level was very high. Absolutely was. The lyrics were so good. Like, you would hear lyrics and just go, oh, oh, Shit. Yeah. Ooh. That was the thing. That was the thing about hip. Listen, hip hop, listen to listen to the lyrics. I love that. Oh, I'm, I'm, I love Rics Ric.


That's right. Love lyrics. Everything. That's right. Lyrics, everyth. You know, it's like, that's what I wanted. That was the style back then. It was like the most clever guy. Mm. The most clever lyrics. Mm. It was, it was so important, You know? Come on. There's so many guys that just had, everybody was battling for, so it was like more and more cleverness and more and more intricacies and more and more twists what they were saying. Yeah. And it was just a vibrant art form man. Like, like how many people cheated on their significant other because of OPP. Right. How many Exactly. Relationships, you know, with opp. Yeah. You know me, People were cheering. Yeah. It was like a license to fuck. Yep. Exactly. People were cheering.


Exactly. I mean, it had, so the hip hop had so much influence on the culture and it emerged out nowhere outta nowhere. That's what so crazy. Like 10 years ago. Doesn't exist. Boom. I mean, even rock and roll, I mean, rock and roll, you had the fifties, it starts to emerge and then the sixties really takes off And you know, it'd been around for a while. Right? Absolutely. To have something like hip hop just explode. Yeah. And make a lot of other things look lame. Yeah. You know, especially for young kids, because when you hear guys like you And you know, ghost face And you know, method man, and like, you're dealing with real dudes who are talking about real shit and everybody else just looked kind of lame, You know? You know, it was like, so Was stupid, Man.


Yeah. You know, it was like, they didn't even swear, You know, it's like, you, you guys were wild. It was fun And it was clever. Yeah. And I think Rizza did a genius thing by naming it Wu Tang Clan. 'cause it connected it to like this kung fu mindset. And I know that you big on, you know, it's sophisticated. I know you big on Kung fu shit. 'cause Yeah. I'm coming through your shrine and shit. He got all kind of fucking sh Gun Warriors assassin. Oh yeah. Real Samurai outfit out there. Yeah. But nah, but You know what's so crazy? I tell people, it's like when Rizza, when they was on they Wu-Tang shit, we wasn't on that. I grew up watching more like Scarface Mafia movies Once Upon a Time in America.


Oh yeah. One of my favorite movies. Oh, that's a great one. People forget about Once Upon a Time in America. That's My fucking movie right there. That's my, that's my movie. So we were like, we were living in this, we were living around a lot of hustlers. A lot of, a lot of drugs was being sold in my community at that time. Right. So when Rizza came with the whole Wu-Tang philosophy, it was almost like, yeah, we love karate flicks. We were watching, You know, about the Karate flicks three o'clock. Three o'clock. Yeah. When come over and school them Shit is on Channel five, all that shit. But if, you know, and you look at those karate movies, it was about a place that, you know, was filled with a lot of crime and aggressive people that were doing things that bothered other people.


And you either had to protect your people or you had to make a name for yourself. Now, when you think about Wu-Tang, I'm gonna just give you a quick lesson on what Wu-Tang was. Wu-Tang was a school that was in Shalin, this particular school. These niggas was crazy. They was fucked up. They got kicked the fuck outta Shalin. Really? They got kicked out. Yo, y'all bugged out. Y'all whiling, y'all. But these guys were very good, but they just couldn't sit in Shalin because they had a different way of looking at shit and doing shit. So when Rizza came with the whole philosophy of it, it's this movie that's called Shalin versus Wu-Tang.


Right. Ah, check it out whenever you get a chance. So whatever was going on in that movie, he made a reality of it. 'cause really, at the end of the day, that's how we were living back in Staten Island. You know? So we wound up changing the name and calling it Sha in because we were the forgotten burrow. You know, when you think about Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens, Manhattan, we don't really talk too much about fucking Staten Island that bothered us. So we didn't, we felt rebellious. Like, yo, you come out here, you ain't from here. You better know somebody. You not fucking coming in the projects thinking you going to fucking act like you going over to your friend's house. I remember we used to see UFOs come through.


We call him UFOs under unidentified flying objects. The fuck he doing it? Yo, follow him. Go, yo, yo, we, you came to see, You know what I mean? Because we had so much to prove. But it was the same thing that was going on in the karate flicks. Like, yo, you go to a new neighborhood, who is this guy? Either's coming to play you? He's coming to play you or, or you going to play him? This is All the shit that's going on in the karate movies. You know the brotherhood? Yo. Oh shit, my brother got hurt. What happened? Oh, hold up, let's go. Right? We gotta go get back to that. Yeah, we gotta go figure that out. All this shit that Rizza was thinking about at that time was a reality check for us in Staten Island. So even when he came with the name, it was almost like, yo, wow, that shit is interesting.


You know, Wu Tang Clan, yo, You know, and back then he was hanging in ghost's community, which was Stapleton. So Stapleton was a place that was maybe like 10, 15 miles away from Park Hill. Where I'm from. I'm from the hill. I'm from up there. They was selling drugs and getting crazy with it, and Jamaicans and Western Indian and nineties And, you know, it was a melting pot. You know, it was a melting pot of different nationalities of motherfuckers. You had the Spanish motherfuckers over here selling dope, You know what I mean? You had the white boys over here fucking doing what they doing. You know, all these things was going on. But in Stapleton it was nothing but criminals and motherfuckers that wanna fight and, and, and rob and steal And you know, and Rizza was hanging out there a lot, you know?


So they came up with this whole, You know, Wu-Tang mentality thing that they brought up the block to us. So when Rizza came with it, it was like, oh shit, we like that. That's kind of dope. But You know, we see the vision of that, you know. But it was, it was never for us to look at it at any given time. Like, yo, you trying to portray us as some fucking ninjas or some shit. You know, A lot of times people thought, yo, your niggas know karate in all this shit, you know, no fucking karate motherfucker. We don't do that. But we grew up, our older cat, our older brothers and sisters, they grew up on that. That was some early seventies shit right there. Yeah. So, You know, back then you might have had a cousin that was a martial art, he knew the arts and shit.


You know, you looked up to him like, yo, this motherfucker's Ill right here. He know, he know the arts and shit. He know how to fight. You know, your motherfucker would be in back of the building with two doman pinches and shit. You know what I mean? Beating them with fucking laundromat hoses and shit. And you know, grabbing them and hanging them on shit. And you know, back then that was, you know, that was dope to see your cousins and all of them do it. But risen when he came with this philosophy, it kind of like fucked us all up in it. But we agreed with it right away. 'cause Wu-Tang was, to them, was always something like a a, an expression. So if you drinking, this is Wu-Tang drinking, yo, you, you over here, yo, this is some Wu-Tang shit or whatever.


Because he was trying to say that we were just like them in the, in the flicks. It's crazy. Wanna Hear something crazy? Whenever I kill an elk, you know, I go bow hunting every year. Oh shit. Whenever I kill elk, when I text my friend Cam, I text Wang. Shit. Like, whenever I kill something, I'll show you. Oh my, my God. I'll show You that. That's true. I've seen some of the pictures today. I know, But I wanna show you that. That's true. I'm not making this up. Holy shit. It, it goes back years. It goes back years. This is like our tradition. Whenever I kill a elk, well, I'm gonna find this, I'm gonna find the last time I said Wu-Tang. I text him every day. So it's gonna take a second All right. To get back into some pictures. But whenever I get one, I say, Wu-Tang, and then I send him a picture. Holy Shit. Crazy.


Crazy. It is gonna take a while because I do scroll. But this is important to show you. This is real. Come on, motherfucker. Go Back and search Wu-Tang And it'll show you. Oh, we'll show you. Yeah. Oh, okay. Oh, I'll show you. Oh, look at Jamie All the times. Text under Cam Haynes or just Wutang. It'll, well, Then when you find Cam Hans, it'll show you. Oh, look at Jamie. Tell me how to do it. Sorry. Here we go. See all, here it is right there. Wu-Tang. Holy Shit. Holy shit. And then the el is down. Wow. That was from October. But I got, I go back like five years of doing that. Like, every time I shoot a elk, I text woo tag. Wow.


Crazy. When you started hunting since you came out Here? No, I started hunting in 2012. Oh, shit. Yeah. I shot that deer, that deer that, that head that's right there. That was the first wow animal I hunted. And then I was like, okay, that's what I'm doing. Wow.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. Sometimes speed is a huge asset, like in the ring or on the field. Being quicker than your opponent could be the difference between winning and losing in the world of business. It could be the difference between finding or missing out on your next great hire. Luckily, you can speed up the hiring process with ZipRecruiter. Their new zip intro feature can help you meet several interested, qualified candidates at once, kind of like speed dating. And right now You can try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro works fast to find the people you need. You can literally post your job today and start talking to candidates in back to back calls tomorrow. It's that fast. And best of all, this feature does a lot of the legwork for you. It finds you top talent for your role and schedules those calls. All you need to do is pick a time, enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with zip intro only from ZipRecruiter rated the number one hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Zip intro. Post jobs today, talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


This episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy. Having the right people makes All the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025. It's time to file like it now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com.


Yeah. Crazy. I was, it was either for me, it was that or become a vegetarian. I watched too many of those pita films. Oh yeah. You know, those animal factory farming films and torture films. I was like, fuck this. Like, either I'm gonna be a vegan or I'm gonna learn how to hunt. Yeah. And my friend Steve Ella took me hunting. I shot that deer. I'm like, all right. That's what I do now. Oh shit. And I've been doing it ever since. Yeah. So I've been hunting for 12 years. 12 years. Yeah. So you consider yourself a marksman then? Well, it's like, I'm not really good. Like compared to real marksman, You know, that's like saying you're a black belt when you're not really a black belt. You know, like, like when I Go through the courses. Yeah. Like how good are you?


I mean, I'm good for regular people. Yeah. If you didn't know, you would think I'm really good for regular people. Yeah. But like for people that are really good. Right? No, I'm not. I'm not near nearly at their level. Gotcha. But you know, there's like professional archers that are like super accurate out to a hundred yards. They could shoot like a softball sized group at a hundred yards consistently. I Got a couple of homeboys who could shoot like that though. It's a lot of discipline. Yeah. Lot of discipline. Yeah. But they, they come from, they live on this side of town too, though. Yeah. Well, there's a lot of bow hunting in Texas. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. A lot of bow hunting in Texas. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. I gotta get out there one day, man. I gotta, You know, I told you like, we were talking before the show, like, if you wanna learn, I could put you on some people that'll, nah.


100% teach how to, to do it down, down and because you're, you're fairly close. Yeah. Like, that's a easy thing to do. Nah, we're gonna hook it up. Yeah, Definitely. You would Enjoy it. It's a, it's also, it's a nice discipline to clear your mind. Yeah. Yeah. You set a target up in the backyard and just shoot the target. It just clears your mind. Yeah. Yeah. Because you have to really concentrate on it and why you're doing it. You don't think about nothing else. Yeah. For a guy like you busy so much shit going on. Like, it's good to have a thing like that to just, It's like a sport to me. It's like something to learn and, and, and kind of master. Yeah. That's important. But it's one of those things like, like shooting a free throw. Like at that moment you can't think of anything else other than what you're doing. Mm. If other shit gets in your head, it's like you don't have any room for it.


You're gonna be focused. Right. You gotta push it all out. Right. And just think all, and that kind of stuff, like cleans your mind. Exactly. It's like it flushes your mind out. That's what it all, that's what it's all about at the end of the day, man. Just kind of like, get a peace of mind and vibe. Vibe to something different though. You know? Yeah. I always say that for artists too. You should find some other thing you like to do just to give you a little break mentally from whatever you're trying to do. Exactly. You could, you could get too close to something and lose sight of the big picture. If you're all wrapped up in it too tight. You too Tight. Feel st stuck into one. Yeah. Sometimes You need something else that you also enjoy outside of it. And then You can look at what you do. Like, oh, okay, what am I doing different? Exactly. Maybe I should put a new wrinkle in this.


Maybe I should take a new turn. You know, mix it up. That's important, man. That's important man. Yeah, It's important. You know what, what's another cool thing about today is that it used to be thought at one point in time, I think it was like the early two thousands that rap had, that hip hop had a shelf life and that there wouldn't be classics. You know what I mean? Like, the Rolling Stones were still touring, you know, they were at 50. I love Rolling Stones. Eight years old back then. Like, this is crazy. The Rolling Stones are back on the road. But that was like a new thing. It was like old rock and roll guys out touring was a new thing. But with hip hop artists, like, if you weren't in now, if you weren't new now, it kind of, people weren't in into going to see you.


Right. Yeah. Well, when I see guys like LL and Kane and them perform and Slick Rick and Ice Cube, it, it kind of, it it, it gives me more leverage and more strength to wanna do it because I see some of my legends still doing it today. But Yeah. Man, like you said, just to see a lot of guys like the Rolling Stones and Mick Jagger, them still performing. It's like, why not? Wow, Why not? Why not? Why, why give up on it? You Know? But with hip hop, it wasn't really a thing for a long time. Like older, Older hip hop didn't, You didn't think that it would last. Right. You know what I mean? So you felt like you would get a five year run.


They say any artist that was coming out back in the nineties, they was already putting a cap on how long or how far they felt you was going to go. So even for us, we was like, yo, hey, we do this shit for like three or four years. We good. Yo, we'll be cool with that. Wow. So they always put us in a, what's the word I wanna say? What's that? What's A box? Put us in a box. Yeah. Yeah. To make us feel like at the end of the day, yo, this shit is going to be here for a minute. Then it's over. You know? But seeing guys still doing it, You know, I don't give a fuck. Like I listen to Billy Joe, I'm a Billy Joe fan, You know, it's my fucking guy right there.


That's hilarious. You know People, I know people would be like, get the fuck outta Here. That's hilarious. I love his old shit until he, he's the el until he had that supermodel wife. Oh yeah. Then everything got real soft. And then you got Twoedged Pusy. Yeah. Two Edge, good pussy. He got supermodel pussy and it's like Uptown Girl. I love her. She's been living in her uptown world. Come on. Before that you can go back to his other shit. You know Owen the Good Die Young? Yeah. Oh, that's a great jam. Oh God. Yeah. He's got some great stuff, man. Yeah. Scenes. He's from an Italian restaurant. That's a great song. Man. Captain Jack. Ooh, captain Jack's a great song. Billy Joe. Man, when he got older, it just became, You know, hey, he was changing as a human.


He in New Yorker too, right? Yeah. New Yorker to the heart right there. Right. I Mean, that guy sold out Madison Square Garden like 300 times. You See what I'm saying? Kind crazy. Still going, still going. Still going. Yeah. Still going. So those Are heroes. Those are guys that we, we look up to that, you know, they still do anything, Man. Yeah. It's just beautiful that hip hop is like that now. Yeah. Because I feel like in the two thousands, only it was more overseas was showing you guys love. Yeah. Like a lot of Europe. Like a lot of my friends that were like maybe bigger in the nineties, they had to go over to Europe to come check out And it was like, come check out Hip hop. Yeah. And I tell people All the time, like being, being from the states, being where we from, I think they appreciate it more because they, they never really got a chance to grasp it as much as we did.


Right. So they come out more. Right. Like right now, today They're more enthusiastic. They more, they love it more. You know, so even Right. They can't believe you're there. Yeah. They can't believe it. Yeah. But for me, I think I love performing a lot more when I go, when I go out there because they come out and they never ever make you feel like they don't appreciate you. Mm. You know what I mean? And even to this day, it's like the Klan still goes out there and makes a ton of cash. We see a lot of people and we see young generations of kids now too. It's like, yo, you look in the crowd, you're like, yo, how the fuck, how old is that fucking kid that we just, we just put him on stage and he knew the, he knew the fucking words.


Like, yo, he's like, he might have been like 17, 16 years old. Like, yo, he wasn't even fucking born. Well there classic hip hop now. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like when I was a kid, there was classic rock you, like, you listen to Led Zeppelin, it was classic rock. Of course. Now there classic hiphop. Wow. Yeah. Which is amazing. Yeah. You know, you right, you're right. Well, it just shows that the culture's like completely accepted it as an art form. And so now young kids that get into hip hop, maybe one of their friends will be like, Hey, you, you ever heard of this? No. And then they turn 'em onto to new stuff. Exactly. And they're like, wow. Yeah. Yeah. And this is 1992. You know That shit. You know? And I think that that's how we were, we always were infatuated with the music before our time.


You know, like how you just said, like, yo, you know, listen to Sugar Hill Gang. You know, I actually had them in one of my videos before. Really? Wow. You know how that, and I bought 'em to my hood too. So You know how that felt for me. Oh wow. To have fucking Sugar, sugar Hill gang. That's amazing. Come out to my community. That's amazing. That was dope though, right there, man. But yeah, man, it, you know, that's why I always feel like, yo, I I, I tell people All the time, you have to respect the people that did it before you, man. Because they gave you something to, to dream about too. Yes. Be able to instill in yourself. Like, if you don't have that, then you not, you not moving the way you're supposed to be moving.


You know? I remember Old Man would tell us, if you don't know where you came from, you'll never know where you going. So having that history, that history is, is an experience that sticks with you forever. You have to have that. Yeah. Don't try to front on that, you know. And I think a lot of times people, you know, they look at hip hop and they think certain things is hip hop. It's like history of hip hop is something that you gotta know, man. You gotta know it. You gotta know it. You gotta know it. You should know It. Like the history of the United States. Exactly. It's, it's, it's something, if you're an artist like that, that's what lit the fire. Somebody had light the fire. And if these young guys don't know, like, Hey, this shit didn't even exist in 1979.


Yeah. Didn't even exist. That's not that long ago. And then all of a sudden now it's everywhere. Exactly. What, when somebody lit the fire. And if they didn't light that fire, you wouldn't, you wouldn't have it. Exactly. You wouldn't have, the embers wouldn't. Absolutely. You wouldn't have this desire to try this thing. Exactly. And what now? Look what it's doing. Look what it did. Yeah. It's like, yo, one of the biggest genres of music is like, you know, and there's a lot of times people take shots at it. Like, you know, yo ain't talking negative, man ain't talking this. They talking that. It's like, my thing to that is always like, yo, it's no different from going to see a scary movie. Exactly. Jason. Exactly. Motherfuckers killing motherfuckers in, in the woods. Or Heat. I hated camp.


You know what I mean? Based on that Heat is one of my favorite movies. Right. Great Fucking movie. I love Heat, you know, DERO Dero and Adam. But why is it okay to do that in a movie? But it's not okay to do that in a song. Right. I don't understand it. I don't, you know, it's Hypocritical. You know, it's hypocritical. You said it, is It hypocritical? 'cause they say it encourages violence. Yeah. And that's the same thing they'll say about video games. Like, you know. Yeah. Doesn't need everybody. Yeah. Yeah. So what, what's going on, really what's going on really is you have a bunch of disenfranchised people that don't have any hope. And if they are around a lot of violence, maybe something will get them excited about violence. If they're not disenfranchised and they have hope, they're not inclined towards violence. Right. It's a societal problem. It has nothing to do with the art itself.


Thank you. The art itself is representative of real experiences. Right. So if you're telling people that they can't express themselves about real experiences, you're just going like this, la la La La la I'm not listening. That's all you're doing. That's How you feeling At end of the day, this Is these people's lived expression. Yeah. This is that. Which is why Wu-Tang was so good. The reason why it was so good is 'cause it was real. Like no one was questioning the authenticity of anybody that was in the Wu Tang Clan. So it's like that the message that you guys were putting out, the way you were putting things out, like Wu Tang Clan ain't nothing to fuck with like that. Is that it was like from you to the world, you know? And if someone doesn't like that, you don't have to listen.


Exactly. You don't have to listen. Right. Right. But if you slap a warning sticker on it, you're just gonna sell more album. You Gonna listen to it anyway. Right. You going to, you going to, you going to get caught up in it anyway. Yeah. Yeah. It is like, look, prime example, when we made, when we made the record cream, right? Cream was a record that didn't have nothing to do with anything. But the real, the realness of what we were looking at, it wasn't really a, a, a song to rap to or have fun with. It was a reality. It was a picture We was trying to paint cash Rules, everything around me. Cash Rules, like around me, not me. Should never fucking rule you. But around me, You know?


And a friend from the neighborhood, he actually came up with that acronym. But I tell people All the time, my cousin, I had a cousin from Brooklyn that he used to come to Staten Island and he used to sell drugs for us. And he came up with that word cream. 'cause he was like, yo, yo, as long as I can make my cream, I'm good. I'm like, Hey, what the fuck is cream? Like, you know what I mean? He's like, yo cream, yo, you ever see Tom and Jerry the movie And you know, he make those big fucking sandwiches and all of that. And he splash all that cream on it. And you know, I'm like, oh, the Tom and Jerry the sandwiches. Right? Yeah. When he made the big sandwiches and stuff them in your mouth and all. Nah. Real shit. Real shit. That's so, so the cream that, the cream that was splashing all over the place, he was looking at that as that's his money.


Like, yo, I just want my cream. I just want my cream. Ah. You know what I mean? So we like, yeah, you gonna get your cream. You, you sit up in the fucking spot all day, you going to make your cream, you going to get it. And So who came up with the acronym? A good friend of ours from the neighborhood. His name is Raid. Right. And him and Method Man is like, they was like real close like brothers. So when we was in the studio right into it, he was there and he just sat back and he just came up with cash rules. Everything around me and him. MF they put it together and next thing you know, that, that was a hook. You know, at that time for me, I was still writing a lot of stories, you know.


So I wrote, believe it or not, I wrote two verses for cream. I didn't write my rhyme never started off. As I grew up on the crime side. I was writing about drug dealers in the, in the neighborhood. Like, yo, I know this kid by the name of Gigante Gigante, a Lon Don with a diam. You know, the Diamantes back in the days was like the, you know, the five Siri Benz as for us back then. And a good friend of mine was like, yo, that rhyme is cool. I think it's alright. I was like, yeah, why you don't like the rhyme? Everybody else like it. He was like, it's cool. I like it. So he made me go back and change it. And when I changed it, I started to think before I wrote it.


I'm like, damn. He said, yo, you need the rhyme about shit. That's something that we could relate to that we are dealing with around what the fuck we wake up to every day. And that's when I came with, I grew up on the crime side, you know, the New York Times side. So he he just told you harder. Yeah. He just told me to think harder. Harder. Yeah. He said, yo chef, you could, you could, you could be a little bit more creative. Well, Kareem is crazy because it became viral. That, that saying dollar dollar bills y'all became viral spread Across. Oh. But you know where it come from? The dollar dollar bill. Y'all dollar bill. Y'all Dollar, dollar, dollar Tee The Rock. That's Oh wow.


Yeah. You remember that record? Yeah. Money. It takes Money. Yeah. Oh my God. Whatever he was saying back then, I Haven't heard that before, ever. Yeah. That was a serious record right there. Yeah, that's an old school record right there. Wow. Fly shit though. But yeah, Methin them, You know, Methin, my man Ra, they sat down and they came up with cash who everything around me. And it was a perfect, a perfect, You know, symbol of what we were trying to express. That we were always trying to get money, but we was dealing with certain things in our community that, you know, that we were trying to get past first to try to make some money. And, And it was a sacrifice.


It was like, yo, you do this shit, you might be able to get out of it alive or you might not. You know? So that record, you know, wind up blowing up so big, it wound up being one of our biggest records. And it didn't have nothing to do with it. It, I guess to me, it, it didn't feel hip hop. It just felt like real realization, like real shit is, is we need to start listening. Like how you just played the ghettos Boys shit. You know what I mean? We trying to give off a message. A message. And that's what I think that people love about Wu-Tang is that we give out messages. We give out. We, we like an emotional rollercoaster group.


We can give you the Wu Tang Clan. Ain't Nothing to fuck with. And then we can give you the tears where it's like, oh shit. Yeah. The fuck He's right. You know what I mean? Yo, we gotta be careful. We gotta look at things for real. So all that had a lot to do with being around smart guys. You know what I mean? The, the, the smartness allowed us to write the way we wanted to write. Right. And it's Contagious. It was contagious back then. Us It was Well that's what I'm saying about like, really, really good lyrics and high quality rap. It's contagious. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because then everybody else's shit has to be tight too. Yeah. And you know, when you come in with a group of guys that yo he kill it, you better come in.


Right. You have to come in and, and say some shit. That makes sense. Like, I, I give a lot of credit to our first record. Right. Protect Your Neck. And I know that's one of your favorite shits when Inspector Deck said a smoke on the mic, like smoking Joe Frazier, the hell Razor raising hell with the flavor. Yeah. That right there opened up. Yeah. Something with all of us. Yeah. You know, and I always tell Dick, I'm like, yo, Dick, you are like a, you are like a Scotty Pippen you always going to hit if you get the ball in your hand. You know? And he did that. He created those, that first verse that, you know me, I jumped right in, my honor.


Yeah. Ron's running his bill. Like Schwartzenegger. Yeah. Then m came And, you know what I mean? Everybody kind of like, that's What's so amazing about Consistency. All these killers, all these different voices, all these amazing lyrics all on one song. Yeah. Yeah. But we wanted to, we wanted to show the world that each one of us had a style that was un reckoned. Each one of us can paint a picture within our own way that you will love all of us. So it's better to get us all now. You know, we'll sacrifice the, the little, the little look for the bigger look later. Right. You know, and that was one of the situations where we had to dance a certain way to be like, okay, yeah, we'll take the little bit of money, but we know we gonna be able to sell.


Like you said. Yeah. Give us those 50. We'll sell 'em. Now we know, we, you telling me you don't got the money, but you got the relationships. Okay, cool. Long as you got the relationship, long as you got the money. Yeah. We gonna go out there and we going to work to make it happen. But this is what's gotta happen. And you know, I, I give All the credit to Steve Rifkin. You know, Steve was the guy that owned Loud Records back then. He was a part of RCA back then And he believed in us. I was like, yo, I'll give y'all that deal. I'll give y'all that deal. And next thing you know, when everybody started taking off, now you got Method Man over here, you got jizz over here, you got old movie bass over here.


So we did something that was so new to the world that it's like, oh shit. How That from the outside that it felt different. 'cause it felt like a movement. Right. It's like Wu-Tang was like a movement. Exactly. It was like, it was different. It was like, But everybody tried to box it. Everybody tried to box it as, as a group. Yeah. So even though we knew we were a group and our minds, we looked at it as, like you said, as a movement being created that would eventually spread out and, and, and hit all corners of everything. And that was the plan All the time. That was a premeditated plan. 'cause they wanted us to still be a group. Mm. We was like, nah, we look, we sacrificing this and that, but we not going to box ourselves.


Right. You know, so by us doing that, it kind of like really paved the way for other groups and other artists and everybody to, to, to kind of, You know, follow this blueprint. So now you have, You know, these other, other guys coming out and creating their own labels and bringing in artists that they wanted to do. So to me, this kind of made hip hop a little bit more interesting because it showed that artists was starting to get more smarter, which is important. You know, we didn't want to be just like you said, yo just coming in and you sell your soul and Yeah. You know, you just stay there. Nah, we can't just stay There. We can't just stay.


It is one of the hardest parts. Getting the right beat. Oh, the beat is everything, bro. Because it seems like all you guys are very prolific. Everybody can write, but if you don't have a great beat Oh yeah. And how many great beats can you make? Right? Yeah. If you got an album, then another album's coming out next year, like, whoa. Yeah. You gotta have 16, 20 great beats. Yeah. And then you gotta pick from those beats. What, what, you know, what goes what song and try different ways out. And you gotta make sure everybody shows up at the studio. How hard was that? This shit was real, bro. I mean, I tell people All the time, like, number one for us, like, You know, being around so many different lyricists, lyricist guys, beats are important.


You know, I remember one time a fan asked me, he said, yo, what's the most important thing to you? The rhyme of the beat. He fucked me up the whole day with that. I was fucked up and, and, and, and I, and I answered him. I gave him an answer like probably like three or four minutes later. And I was like, You know what, nobody never asked me that. I said the beat. I said, you know, why the beat? Because the beat makes you think about what you wanna say And what you want to get across. Right. You know, anybody could make rhymes. I can have you sit with me for fucking a month and you can be a ill fucking rapper. You, I can take you there. But to be able to have that combination factor of making a body of work or, or that sound that you want, you need to have the right production.


So a lot of times Wu-Tang wrote to whatever they felt. It's like how you can listen and protect your neck. And you get that energy from us. Yes. You know, you get a certain energy because of that production. Then you get this energy when you get you, you get a cream, you get that. Right. So for me, I always tell people to beat is everything, you know? And us just sitting down and waiting for Rizza to come up with something. Like, one thing about Rizza, he was so clever, you know, he had a team of guys that was around him that was assisting him to helping him come with different sounds. And, you know, he played with different things. And Of course, you know, just having his ear for music and listening to other people's stuff, he was able to isolate himself away from everything and, and start brainstorming for us.


So it's like a, he was like a, he was like the Steelers back in the fucking eighties, you know what I mean? When they won four Super Bowls in a row, he was like that when Terry Bradshaw on was playing Lin Swan. And he was in The Zone. He was in a, he was really in his zone. Like, especially because it became successful. Yeah. And then there was a lot of motivation behind it. A lot of energy behind it. Yeah. I hear what you're saying. But without the lyrics, the beat is not the same. It's, I I see from your perspective as a lyricist and as an mc, that you would think that the beat is more important. 'cause it's important to you to get started. To get started. But damn, for as a fan, you, the lyrics you have to lyric have those lyric to just the beats by themselves.


That's not enough. Look. And you No, no, no, No, no. You know how many times me and Izzy would argue about that, and I would tell 'em like, yo, listen bro, it took, it took all of us. It took Yeah. You had that. Yeah. You had this, we had that. That's what, you know, It's, it's a 50 50 proposition. At, at it's, think It's more 60 40, I think it's more 60 lyrics. Because the thing is, the lyrics are the thing that make you go, oh, Oh, shit. Right. Right. Like a great, great beat makes you move your head and gets you going. But lyrics make you go, oh shit. Yeah. Like, rewind that. Well, you know that, you know me, it's 50 50 All the time. Because if I don't have nothing to give me that energy to write, then.


Right. Right, right, Right. How can I give it to you if I don't have nothing? So it's a collaboration for sure. Definitely a collaboration. It's a collaboration for sure. But, but it's interesting that people would think like, what's more important? No. Like, what's, what's more important? Breathing or having a heartbeat. Shut the fuck up. Wow. Like, you need both. You need Both. You need both. You, you gotta balance it. You gotta Balance it. You have to have both. But that's where the collaboration comes in. Yeah. I had Scott Storch in here the other day. Oh, What? Oh yeah. I love that dude. Yeah. Yeah. He's so fucking talented, Scott. Yeah. So out there, you know, his glasses on, just fucking like, you see Feeling the music? Yeah. It's like a rare savant. Yeah. There's dudes like that, that are like beat machines. You know, he's, he feels it, it comes into his head and he feels it and just coming out of his fingers, You know?


Yeah. Yeah. He's a super talented Oh, so talented. Love Scott. I love him. But like, that kind of guy is so special. And, you know, to team the kind of guy like that up with Dre or, you know, with, you know, 50 or any of these people that he collaborated with, it's like, yeah, that's, that's special. And that's why, like I said, you know what I mean? You, you can't never front on the maestro. You know what I mean? Right. You gotta remember that, you know, DJing started it all. Let's, let's be honest. Yes. You know what I mean? The DJ game, scratching records was so important. Scratching, you know, they created a, a synergy to the artist to be like, yo, let me, let me try this.


Even, even if you go back to, like I said, look at, look at Quincy Jones, man. Look, look what the fuck he did, Man. Right, right. You know, look at, look at Frank Sinatra, like, who the fuck was handling his fucking music, man? Right. He was so clever. He needed a vibe though. He needed something to, who was that guy? You ever hear of Frank Sinatra when he was young? Oh, he was fucking, before he was smoking All the cigarettes. It's a super high pitched voice. It's crazy. It's crazy. Right. It's Crazy. You listen to the difference, like, wow, it had so much range. Who, who was the production though? I Don't know. I don't know. You know, somebody, He never, he never really got, he never really got famous, I guess. Man. I think the whole thing back then was Elvis or whoever it was, you know, whoever was the person that was in front, everybody behind the scenes didn't really get that much respect.


Right. Right. Yeah. You know, but he was a talented fucking Boy. Who was that crazy dude that wore the wigs that shot that lady in LA. He produced All the Beatles shit. He had that wa he wore, he got tried for murder. And every day, on on in the courtroom, he'd wear a different wild wig. He created the Wall of sound. Fuck, what's his name? He was really insane. Phil Specter. Phil Specter. Bill Specter. Phil Specter, back in the day, he was known for pulling guns on people. Mm. He would pull guns on people, stick 'em in their mouths and shit. He was a complete psychopath white guy. Yeah. And he, oh shit. Jewish guy, I think. Right. And he shot this lady in the mouth. Whoa, Shit. Was he Jewish? I don't want any Jewish people mad at me. Jewish people get mad when you say someone's not Jewish.


And they did something terrible. Hey, look guys, we, we not here. I'm just Saying the little With nobody. It's a Talented, successful Jewish people in The entertainment business. Be clear, man. Yeah. But that dude, he, he was responsible for the Wall of Sound. The, the Beatles. Like that was a, a big thing with him. Like, he was known for being a guy that would change people's music. Mm. Russian Jewish boom. Nailed it. Yeah. What's up? And he was from the Bronx. Hey. From the Bronx. Yeah. Holy shit. Wild. Wild boy. Wild and shot. Some lady picked up some lady at a bar, took her back to his place and shot her in the mouth. Holy shit. Yeah. He would, he would put guns in people's mouths.


Like he was known for threatening people. Like, you wanna get outta this fucking contract and just shove a gun in your mouth. Wowcher. What's that? Pulled a gun on Cher. He pulled a gun on Cher. He pulled the gun out on Cher. Cher calls stopping Phil Specter in his tracks. When he pulled a gun on her, he put and pulled that shit with me. Right, right, right, right. We had this really strange relationship. You don't say, you don't say, you know. Well, it's like the music business at one point in time was run entirely by gangsters. Of course. That's the story about Hendricks. You know, the story about Hendricks is that his manager killed him. That's the conspiracy. His manager killed him because it's more valuable for Hendricks to be dead. His music, he's a a Mike Ma maestro, like a one in a a billion year talent.


Yeah. And that they knew that they had all these recordings of him and they could kill him. And so that's why own his girlfriend jumped off to own master building. To own, yeah. To own shit. Own shit. Because he was gonna leave his management, his bodyguard wrote a book about it years later and it just came out like, I wanna say like, the finals are year. And


the only thing that's for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season get in on All the action expected and unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook, with live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings is the ultimate college basketball destination. As we reach the finals first time, here's something special just for you. New DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the Virginia Problem Gambling helpline at 8 8 8 5 3 2 3521 and over Virginia. Only eligibility restrictions apply. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


This episode's brought to you by Rocha. And this is important, so don't skip this shit. I've been wearing Rocha for years and I absolutely love them. You guys know I can wear anything and I choose Rocha bad. Eyesight should never get in the way of you living your best life. Especially when you can get your hands on a pair of glasses from Rocha. Rocha is a performance eyewear brand for people who give a shit. If you're out there getting after it, investing in yourself to get better, then Rocha is the brand for you. Their glasses are super high quality, lightweight, super comfortable, and they stay on your damn face. For my four eye friends out there, that means You can ditch the contacts and actually enjoy wearing glasses when you're working out. Rocha also offers prescription sunglasses in most frames so they can have you covered there too. And because they cut their own lenses in-house, Roka can offer a wider range than most. So no matter how fucked up your eyes are, odds are that Roka has something that will work for you. Some brands have made it easy to get glasses online. Roka has actually made them better. Check them out. Tap the banner to find a pair of kickass glasses now. Or visit roka.com and use the code Rogan for 20% off at checkout. That's ROK a.com.


10 years ago wasn't not long ago, whereas the bodyguard said Yeah, the manager killed him. Wow. Killed Hendricks and threw the girlfriend off the roof. Did they need To do a movie of him too? Oh Yeah, they did a bunch of movies on Hendricks. Yeah. They need to do a real Wu-Tang movie. I know Hulu had a series, but they need a real, like Quentin Tarantino needs to do a That's me man. I Know Quentin Tarantino. That's what I think. I think we talk Quentin Tarran too. 'cause he wants to do one more movie Hollow. He does a fucking Wu-Tang movie. It's the real Wu-Tang movie. Tell Quentin Nah, I laugh man. Man, because Like Hulu is great, but it has to be on Hulu. You can only get that wild, so wild on Hulu. You know, like for it to be real real, it has to be a movie.


Let tell you something, I wrote a book, right? And inside my book I talked about how Q-Tip, a good friend of mine, Q-Tip he had, he had me and Leonardo sit down. Leonard DiCaprio down. Huh? Leonardo DiCaprio. Leonardo DiCaprio. Right? And I remember Q-Tip was like, yo set up a meeting for you and Leonardo to meet in Brooklyn at this small pizza shop, one of Leonardo's favorite spots and he want to talk to you. I said, yeah, that's what's up. So me and Leonardo, we started talking and he was like, yo Q-Tip was telling me that you was, you was thinking about trying to, you know, get guys together to create a movie.


I was like, yeah, this is what I was thinking. So make a long story short, I set up a meeting with Rizza, myself, Leonardo's Peoples in LA and I told Rizza, I said, listen, before we do this Hulu thing, which at the end of the day it was a Riz Zas production thing or whatever he was doing. I said, I think we need to make a realistic real life movie of us. Said it. It shouldn't be nothing that we should play with because people need to know our real story. So Rizza entertained the conversation, but I don't know, for some reason, I guess he felt like he was committed to doing whatever he wanted to do with Hulu.


He might have already had a deal. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, like I said, at the end of the day, the Klan, look at that. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. But Jamie Fast with him, Jamie's the best. It was that it was that night. And I remember that. Wow. I wish we could have been able to sit down with him. 'cause the way I had him looking at it, it was almost like I told him, I said, this would be like ama, like a slash of of Goodfellas and Minister Society. Yeah. Mixed in one. Yeah. You know, to kind of talk about our story and whatever. And he was super open. He was like, yo chef, what we gotta do? Yo, who do we need to talk to? But at that time, Rizza was already in pocket on what he wanted to do.


So I said, you know what? One day, You know, maybe I might get a chance to show my version of it because come on, how many, how many Pablo Escobar movies we look at. Right. You. Right, right. You know What I mean? You got these guys telling it. You got people front. Sure. C It can still be made for Sure. So it could still be made A hundred percent just because there's a Hulu suit that doesn't mean shit. Right. But I think that at the end of the day, you know, God willing, we will really give you guys a another chase of, of really how, how we really see it. You know? Well I think It would be hugely successful I think for a music from, from a movie rather perspective. Would you rather see it as a movie? A movie? Or would you A movie. A movie. There You go.


That's how I thought. Or you do it like on Netflix where you can get wild. Yeah. You know, do it like, you know, like Netflix has shit like Ozark, they get wild on Netflix. Oh I you can get wild. Yeah. That's how it has to be. It has to be grimy. It has to be. That's how you want it. Right. It ha It can't be in any way a, B, c, after school specified. You know what I'm saying? Like it can't be, it can't be cleaned up through a filter. Right. It has to be good too. Right. It has to be like a good narrative. I agree. Like it has to be set up. The scenes have to be set. 'cause it's very hard to take an insane career of nine of the best MCs to get together under one mastermind where all these genius talents and they form this movement.


Right. When you're gonna condense that to two hours. Yeah. See that was one of Really good writer Right there. He was. He was like, yo ray, yo yo, blah, blah, blah. Yo. You know what I mean? How could done done, I think could be done. That's what I said. I said, yo, look, come on now. I said, people do it All the time. I said, yo, look at Prime example. Look at nwa. A I thought NWA a movie was dope. You know what I mean? Straight outta Compton. I, I thought they did a good job. But that was Dre and Cube. And you know, I'm sure, I'm sure you always gonna have somebody around that be like, yo, now that ain't it. That ain't, but it was so realistic that when I seen ours, it was like, all right, I get it. You know? Rizzie even said to yo, you know, this is more for the younger generation to kind of gravitate to.


And once everybody loved to it, once it, they loved it. So it was like, okay, y'all love it. We love y'all for loving it. It's Great. It's great. But hear, hear me out opening of the movie, Rikers, opening of the movie. You guys show up at Rikers to do the concert, we're all daddy bastards inside. That's the opening of the movie. So you want All the, you want All the, that's the opening of the movie. You want All the real gritty, you want the grid, But that just get everybody on the hook right away, away right away. And then he'll bring them back to the beginning right after that. See what I'm saying? You, you know, you put the year, whatever it was, And that's how you make movies. You pick All the, you pick All the greatest moments.


Yes. And then you start showing and threading, right? Yeah. That's a no-brainer for a Wu-Tang movie. Yeah. You start with Rikers. You start with Rikers, which is, what year was that? 95. What year was that? When did Jay Look up? Look up. What year was the old Dirty Bastard in Rikers concert? Which Wutang? Yeah, I was about to say, look up that And what year did you guys start? What was the very first year We started? We started in 90. In 90. Late 92. So you start, you start the movie with Rikers, and then you bring it back to 92, back 92 back to 92. Yeah. That's what it is. Yeah. Yeah. That's what it's, I mean, you just think about the incredible amount of talent, not just, not just rap bully GIZ a's like a, a world champion caliber chess player.


99, 2000 or so. 99, 2000 rza. Yeah. I got a interview Rizza talking about it. And doesn't Gza have some degree in physics? Smart motherfucker, man. Doesn't he have some crazy degree? Smart. He's like a Look that up, please. Yeah. So you just that alone in the movie's, like, come on, this is real. Yeah. This is so something people was looking forward to looking at. Yeah. Think of a movie like that. Think of a movie that starts up with the gates opening, and you guys going in, put your, put all your belongings in the basket, the whole shit. Getting frisked, checking everybody down, the guy reading you the rules, the warden telling you, do not go into the crowd.


Do not do the, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Cool, cool, Cool. Yeah. Yeah. We got you. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Think about it. Yeah. That's the beginning of the movie. Yeah. That's an incredible opening for a movie. And it really happened. This isn't bullshit, right? This isn't just a bunch of dorks sitting around a table, coming up with some nonsense. This is some shit that you lived through that would be an incredible opening for a movie. So many. And it, and it is just, and it is just so even credible, even more on how we connected. Because like I said, everybody come from almost the same poverty bullshit. But everybody had different philosophies on how they felt their lives was going into, you know, you know, I tell people All the time, you know, my neighborhood was about making money, you know, ghost Neighborhood was about taking money, You know what I mean?


Taking shit from you, you know, JA, you know, being one of the MCs that could have been down with the juice crew, you know what I mean? You know who the fuck the juice crew is. He turned it down. Really? It's like they was the hottest shit back then. Master Ace, biz Kane, ee rap, all these, all these dope MCs. They asked him, yo, we want you to come and get, get down with us. He's like, nah, You know what? Nah, you know, all these things. I remember like yesterday, like, wow, yo, you turned down the juice crew. He was like, I love the juice crew, but I just was in, in this, this chamber right here. You know, us dirty, us with old, dirty, like, yo, You know, old dirty, always wanted to be like biz, biz marky.


He had that personality, that charisma, that, that energy. So like you said, these are the things that I wanted to see each individual, like, you know, and like I said, You know, shout out Hulu Man for, for doing a great job. But I do agree. Like you, we need another movie where it really defines who we are. Yeah. You know, Rizza, You know, Rizza, you know, that was his, his side of how he wanted to tell it, you know? It's a great story. It's, it's fine. Great story. Great story. It's fine. The Hulu thing's fine. But I think there's something missing. And I think the something missing is a movie. It's a, it's gotta be a movie.


It's gotta be a big screen, big thing. And it could be done, man. I, I heard it first man. Yeah, I heard it first. I ain't have to, I ain't have to argue with my brothers about it. I mean, just imagine, imagine when ODB does, baby, I got your money. Oh my God. Come on. Imagine that. And that becomes this massive hit. Come on. Massive hit. Yeah. You know, he had, you know, he had the most hits on out of all of us, right? He was so fucking talented man, and so real of all of us. You remember when he was on MTV and they started talking about like, what are you gonna, who, what are you gonna give? Who are you gonna give your money? He is like, I gave my money to nobody. He's like, he was like, yo, you gonna give back? He was like, yo, yo. Yeah, I remember that shit.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And everybody Was crying. Yeah. They're like, everybody loved him though. Man was so real. 'cause it was so real. Yeah. It wasn't like, well, I think it's really important that we established some sort of a community fun. Shut the fuck up. He was like, he was just having fun. Didn't make nothing. You know what I mean? But, You know, we always gave back in our own ways though, Of course, you Know, Of course. Well, by existing, you give back. There You go. By existing, you inspire others. Yeah. By existing, You know, how many rap careers, how many hip hop careers were inspired by Wu-Tang Clan and All the members? Countless. Countless. Yeah. So many. I say that we definitely had a, a a, a piece of watching the, the, the, the new generation grow And, you know, kind of, you know, build their, build their arc the way we built ours.


You know, that's important, you know, to, to, to reflect on that. You know, back then, like you said, nobody wasn't giving motherfuckers this kind of money. Like we was the first group that ever had a million dollar video. Wow. You know, I remember that day me and Rizza was coming up with the, with the storyboard And it was like, shit, what video was that? Come on. Triumph. Wow. We did the Triumph shit. It was like, yo, we came up with all this shit. And it was like, yo, this shit's gonna cost a million dollars. We like, what the fuck is, what's a million dollars? Like, do it. You know? And at that time, you know, is this it? Oh, Let me hear this. Yeah. Yeah. This is where my guy Brett Ratner, By swarms of Killer Bees, one of the First Jumps they have been seen approaching from Brooklyn, the Bronx, Queens and Staten Island.


We See the bees coming through and shit As we'll be bringing you up to the minute information. This just in police are reporting that there's a man on top of a skyscraper ready to jump. I'm told that he is possibly old, dirty Member Of the Wu Tang Clan. The police suspect that there could be some connection between this old dirty man and The killer beat, old, dirty Manically Socrates philosophies and hypotheses can't define out why be dropping these mockeries lyrically perform armed robbery, flee with the lottery, possibly spot me.


Battle squad show Gun is supposed win. My men tremendous hovi shine blind forensics. I inspect view through the future. See Millennium Killer B Soul, 50 gold, 60 platinum shackling. The matches with drastic grab tactics, graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths. Black Woot queen be With patrolman, hit gas leak to function, hence by score, take flight inside of war, hit the floor, diehard fans demand more. Behold the Bo Soja control the glow. Slowly go seats the blow swinging sword like sun stop And Fan Me back to the four old days of the clan.


And is It weird, looking back now, does it feel almost surreal that you guys did it? A little bit to me. Yeah. It has to. Yeah. To me for sure. I mean, You know, you know, I always believed in my group, man. I mean, these guys is, like you said, very talented. Very talented. Sometimes we don't know our power when we come together, but we might be the only group that stick together so long, you know, because we all feed off each other every time. So to be able to reflect back when we was in our prom, it was like, we still ain't even give our best. It was almost like, okay, yeah, we going to do it.


'cause we have to not do it because we are all in a happy vibe, a happy moment. A lot of times we make great things happen outta nothing, you know? And the pressure might have been turbulence in the room. It might have been an argument that happened that day, but we still managed to come out with something great outta that whole time of, of that moment. You know? But That's what's incredible is that through All the disputes, you guys still stayed Together. Still. Yeah. Yeah. That's because there's no way you're gonna have nine dudes and not have disputes. Exactly. I mean, how Many dudes? Especially nine alphas. Nine killers. There's, It's hard, man. It's hard because, You know, everybody has an opinion and, and you want to respect everybody's opinion, You know?


But it, it made me think about sports and it made me think about how coaches and people, you know, outside of the group are so important. See how we were, we were designed, we, we huddled up, but we never really had people around us kind of like pushed the narrative more to show us our true power. So we made a lot of mistakes, you know, of, of being great, but still handling the business a little bit different. Different from if we'd have had some, some coaches, Some guidance, Some guidance. The Problem was back then, no one knew what was going on. Nobody Knew because it was so fresh, it was so new.


The whole genre had only existed for six or seven years, years. Right. Yeah. So it was, it was, it was emerging And it was chaotic And it was so exciting. But there wasn't a lot of experts Yeah. In how to manage it. Yeah. You know, it's like today, you know, you could, you could, you know, a young artist could come to a guy like you and say, Hey, what should I do? Help me out. Like, what, what is, what's the path that you think that I should take? Yeah. And you could give them real advice where back then, like, who Knew, who know, who knew Wang was gonna work, know they would've told you, that's not gonna work. They would. So you can't get nine dudes in a That's crazy. How are you doing that? Yeah. Yeah. But it worked. But it worked. It didn't just work. It like accelerated everybody.


It like amplified All the voices. That's what was so crazy about it. Is it just, it didn't just work. It worked better than being by yourself. Yeah. Yeah. I tell people All the time, I don't The Klan, I think we all got better based on us as a collective. A hundred Percent. You know, nobody, nobody couldn't have did it by themselves and be great. Iron sharpens Iron. Iron, That's Right. And that's what it is. Steel sharp And steal. That's Right. Yeah. You guys had so many killers together. There's no way. Could it be great? That's what's incredible. It's like, it's so hard for people to do that. Yeah. That's why it's never been done before, which is amazing. If you think about the history of hip hop, how many artists have come up and not one group has come together and made like a Oh, they're just like Wu-Tang.


Mm. Not one. Yeah. Not one. Yeah. Even when it comes to, you know, sales And, you know, each one of us was blessed to be able to go platinum and gold. But we talk about that, you know, sometimes when we all together, we, we laugh and we say, damn, you know, no other groups did what we did, like come with guys that everybody in the group went gold and platinum and this and that. And I can't, I couldn't name one person. They was like, yo name one person that name one group that did what we did at that level back then, I couldn't name it. You know what I mean? Because Everybody, the well, the Kettle Boys branched out. You know, Scarface obviously went on to have massive career. Yeah, yeah. Did you see his little tiny desk performance?


Oh yeah. Fucking Incredible. Yeah. Fucking incredible. Yeah. Incredible. That's one of my greatest friends too, man. Scarface. And so different than anything else. Like, the way he did it, like he adapted the lyrics to environment plays. He came. Yeah, he played. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, it was incredible. Incredible. Scarface is a a, a real guy too, man. A real, One of the all timers. One of the all time greats. Yeah. All, all time greats. You have Adam, him come to your show yet? I Haven't yet. No. I'd love to have him on. I love that dude. I've had Willy on. Okay. I think that like, there's so many amazing talents that came out of that nineties hip hop era that like, for a, a young guy coming up, someone who's like, interested in a career in it now it's imperative that you go back, go back.


You have to have to, you gotta explore the classics. You gotta see what started this whole thing because, and you gotta pull yourself in this mindset. Like, it is hard to imagine my experience of it, because you're not gonna be able to have it. It's always been around. But for me, it's like, when it came around, it was this totally new thing. It was totally new sound, totally new, like avenue of music that existed. And everybody was like, wow. And All the young people were excited. Everybody was excited. Like, this is Crazy. Yeah. This is so different than everything else, you know? And so for the people that are like making a career in it now, like, ooh, you know, I know.


There's like a tendency to think you're the fucking man and everything else sucks. I'm telling you. Gotta abandon that. Abandon that thinking. Yeah, man. Go back and educate yourself. Yeah. You know? 'cause it's free. Just Get on. It's Free. Yeah. Go get on YouTube. Get on Spotify. Educate yourself. There's so much classic shit from the nineties that you're, you're missing. Yeah. And all we were doing really was just like you said, just expression, you know? Yeah. Being in the studio, smoking a lot of weed, You know. And a lot of times when we was smoking and just vibing, it's like we were mentioning things that, You know, like today, like prime example, you know, I own, I own a cannabis business in Newark called Astoria.


You know what I mean? See, you represent us. You know, we set in rhymes. Like, can it be so simple? Yo, I want to have me a fat y'all in enough land to go in plant my own S crops. But for now, it's just a big dream, you know? So we kind of like spoke things into existence that at the end of the day, like, you know, now as I sit here and I'm a owner of a, a cannabis business, I'm like, wow, we was talking about things, yo, my first joint and it went gold. I put it on my mother's, you know, my li my mother's living room wall. You know, we did that. So we were kind of like saying things that meant so much to us back then, but still dreaming of it being a reality.


The next thing you know, it happens. You know, like how you said, you know, j are being so intelligent and talking about science And you know, meth, you know, talking about certain things. And you know, now today he's in the movie world and Riz is a, a director. And you know, these were the things that were going through our minds as we were just smoking and listening to production and just saying, yo, what, what the right next? Where, where do we wanna go? You know? And I think that that is important as an artist is to dream and be creative. Don't sit in one box. Like that's the shit that just be driving me crazy a lot with hip hop today.


It's like, yo, it's just sounding too fucking repetition. Like let's make it bigger. Let's, let's take it over here. Over here, over here. Yeah. But it just, sometimes it's just sitting in one fucking box where it's like, yo, come on. We gotta, it's not just that. It's about opening up, opening up the doors for everybody to be able to see so many sides. Like now it just seems like, like the hip hop shit is just being controlled by one person that's saying, yo, we want y'all to stay right there. We want you to talk ignorant. We want you to not grow. We want you to just Whatever they think is gonna Sells.


Why is that? Why is that the case? I don't get it. Because the same reason why they were trying to take the rza and change him and turn him into something. He's not, people always do that. They do that in comedy. They do that in podcasting, they do that in music. Maybe will, there's always some executive that thinks they know better and they're gonna mold you and shape you and change you. And this is what we're gonna do. We're gonna hire an image team. We're gonna do, it's all just bullshit. It's not artists interfering with art. That's what it is. Mm. It's when you have middlemen, you know, you have these people that profit off of your talent and they think they're gonna steer it in a way that's gonna be the most profitable. They don't give a fuck. If you're like earnestly and honestly expressing yourself, that doesn't mean anything to them.


Damn right. They just want you to stay in that box. 'cause that's the box they're selling. Mm. And once it sells once, they don't want you to change it up. Remember when Icet started a fucking heavy metal band? Oh My God. Yeah. Icet who played a cop on TV for like fucking 30 years. He had a song called Cop Killer Body Count. And And everybody wanted him to be the rapper. Yeah. And Icet was like, nah, I'm gonna do a hardcore album. I was like, what Ice? I'm motherfucker Cop kill. It's like, what is this? Yeah. What is this? This is crazy. Yeah. But it's like, he just didn't listen. He's like, I don't give a fuck what you say. I'm gonna do what I want to do. This is what I wanna do now. Exactly. And you have to give an artist that ability to do that.


They have to be able to change it up anytime they want. Whatever. Because whatever got them to the dance is gonna keep them dancing. That's right. And they might dance to the beat of a different song, but it's gonna be the same, is the same person, that same creative force that created whatever you liked in in the beginning. Well you probably like this new direction they're gonna go into. 'cause it's gonna be just as good. It's just like we all like d like you were saying, you like Billy Joel. We both like cool G rap. You know, like it's very different. You wouldn't wanna see the two of of 'em at a concert together, you know? But the, but that's what you have to give room for an artist and these executives and these people that are profiting off of art without being creative. Their input's always terrible.


It's always terrible. 'cause they don't have a vision. They don't really, unless you're like a Rick Rubin, like one of those cats that's just like super eccentric. Yeah. Weirdo genius dude who just knows what he likes and go, hold on, hold on. Do that again. Stop that. Stop, stop, stop. Do it again. Do it again. Do it that way. Okay. Can you make an echo? Do it. Do it. Gimme an Echo. So, but he's working with you 'cause he sees Right, right, right. He's barefoot and shit and fucking doing yoga. And one Of the genius, He super weirdo, a Scott Storch type Charact. Yeah. Yeah. You those guys. These guys be great in they own way though. You know, They're artists though. That's like, that's different. But when you get these suits and the suits get involved and they know that, oh we made, You know, Raekwon sold 1,000,700 thousand CDs doing it like this.


So this is what we want from this one too. We want it to be the exact same way. We want it to do it like that. Do it like that again. Like what's this new thing you're doing? What's this new thing where you talk about discipline? Uhuh? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You know, but that's one of the most important things about hip hop too, is like, songs inspire people to change their lives. That's right. Like gang star song discipline. Like that song inspires you to have discipline. Serious song. Yeah. It's a great fucking song with great. It goes back Torics, like I said. Like yo, the shit became knowledge to us man. Like yes. You know, that's what I miss about hip hop is the, the knowledge factor. The, you know, raising our kids to be smarter And you know, not hiding anything from 'em.


Like, like you said, once you put that warning stick on there, don't look at it. They gonna look at it anyway. So why not let them see what for what it is and then say, yo look, you can make these choices. But you go that way. You know what you're getting. You go this way. You know what you're getting. I think all it takes is someone today to do what you guys were doing and blow up and then everybody would wanna do it that way. Mm. If someone today became like this genius lyricist who's like pointing out things in society and became a huge artist, But you think that music is still, you think, you think the radio will play it. I don't think the radio means jack shit anymore. I think what means something now is people sharing it. That's what means something.


How Do they get it out there though? Someone, if it ain't nobody going put it on Spotify, put it on SoundCloud, put it on YouTube. Someone sees it, someone hears it, you send it to somebody, they send it to 10 people and then it goes viral. That's what it's all about now. I think it's just be undeniable. Be undeniable. Have some shit where you listen to it and go Be confident. Be confident. Yeah. And you have your friends like, you gotta listen to this, listen to this, listen to this. Listen up first. First lines, first lines. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen to that shit. That's How, my God, that's how we always sold it anyway. Oh My God. Yeah. Come out of the gate with a fucking haymaker. Nah. Boom. This is what we do though, You know? Yeah. See, damn you talking like I feel about my album. I'm about to drop. Ha, When is It coming out? I feel that way. Well, You know, shit, I just, I just been working on this documentary right.


For the purple tape. So I just be honest with you. Take you back. I've been working on, you know, only built for Cuban Lynx is my, my what's going on album, my thrill album that I made 30 years ago this year, 2025 will be 30 years. So what we done was we went back and decided to do a documentary about it, A real live film. Ah, so it's called the Purple Tape Files because Remind You Only built for Cuban Lynx was the name of the album. But being that I came with it as a cassette, everybody started to call us album The Purple Tape. So now ah, You know, we came back and we decided to do, You know, me and my team from my camp, you know, not this is, you know, the Klan Of course is the Klan, but this is something that was my intellectual property that I said, yo, you know what, me and my guy sat down, my team sat down and said, yo, you need to do a documentary about this album.


'cause you can make 50 albums. People are still going to talk about only built for Cuban Link. So I said, damn, you know what? You Right. So what I did was I said, you know what, let me invest in it and kind of tell the story of what helped us inspire that album. What helped us be a part of the culture and how it still allows me to still exist today. Like if you see a lot of these guys today in the game, they still wearing Cuban link chains. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. So who would ever thought that I'm calling my album only built for Cuban Link niggas. Now obviously everybody. And they mother is wearing Cuban link chains today, 30 years later.


So, you know, that been something that I've been working on. And believe it or not, we've been working on it for 10 years. Wow. So I got over 50 influential people that was in my life that was affected by that album to be a part of this documentary. So now this is all in the making. We didn't, we didn't actually go out there and start pitching it yet. We are finally getting ready to do it right now as we speak. As we speak. Once the new year kick in and all that, we will be ready to go out there and position ourselves to go do a, a deal with a network with this project. It's going to be ill. It's a great idea. So, you know what I mean?


So my thing is to talk about it in a way to where the way we made the album, All the experiences, All the things that we went through and eventually that, that would wind up becoming a movie later on. Because the storyboard of I talk about it is going blow people minds because it's like, damn, this is what you was going through. This is, this is how your mindset was. Because I just want people to know that that album was made. 'cause I love hip hop man, and I, you know, we were in a position to make something golden that at that time I was already thinking cinematic. I was already in my Martin Scorsese mindset because when I came in the Klan, I was like, yo, I don't do All the karate shit.


I don't know how to rhyme like that. I don't even know about drugs and hustlers and trying to get from here to ear and, and, and turn my life around for the positive. You know? So we talk about this in a documentary and we go through some of the songs and like I said, you know, I got some of my guys that, you know, we had, we had, You know, we had Conflictions with some artists out there, like Big Biggie back then everybody thought we had a beef And you know, just, it becomes interesting. But the bottom line is that's what I've been working on alongside with working on some other music. So I just said that, yo, let me get this done the right way first and then I'm gonna, you know, drop some new music.


So I got, I got a definitely a new album getting ready to come out. And what Is that gonna come out, You think? The new album? I'd say probably like between second quarter right now. Yeah. And I never even mentioned the name of the album, but I'll mention it on your show. The name of the album is going to be called The Empress New Clothes. You ever heard that Dutch folk Tale the clothes? Yeah. You familiar with with that? They Wearing those wears no clothes? Yeah. Yeah. So that's gonna be the name of it because I feel like the status quo today, everybody follows bullshit. Nobody wants to be genuine no more. Nobody wants to call out shit. That makes sense. It's like, oh, if you believe it or I'm supposed to believe I ain't supposed to believe nothing that don't feel like what it's supposed to be to me goes back to, like you said, and I'm listening to everything you saying about you have to do it from this way, fuck that, fuck the fuck radio, whatever is gonna stop you from being you.


You know what I mean? Yes. So this is the same mindset that I'm thinking with my hip hop, my new album that's coming. Like, yo, I'm not going to let you tell me that this is not what people still love. Right. You know what I mean? I don't care. I'm just, I, I know what I know from coming up as a kid who loved hip hop And what inspired me. So I'm, I'm gonna have a ball this year, man. I, I got a lot of great things that I want to give the world. But yeah, that's gonna be the name of my album. People still love it. And I'm telling you these like young kids that I have at the comedy mothership, they love it when I play them 1990s hip hop. They love it. Yeah, They loved it. They just don't know yet. Yeah, yeah. They just don't know. And We can't fault them because they wasn't alive probably at that time Also.


They got so much shit coming their way. Exactly. They're getting inundated by all these new artists and all these new Tiktoks. There's so much shit going on. There's so much, so Much shit going on. There's so much going on. But You know, I always say that it's always a lane for people that love music. You know what I mean? I don't care. It's like you could be 50, You know, today I'm sitting here as a 55-year-old man that still have that kid in him to love what I, what what, what, what helped me be who I am today. So I'm still at my best when it comes to making music. You know, like today the chef is is more of a, a architect artist. Now I'm not, I don't consider myself a, a gangster rapper or a funny rapper or I'm a architect rapper, you know?


'cause I like to reflect on things about growth and development, you know? And when people hear this album, they're gonna be like, damn. Like, yo, he still fucking got it. I tell people All the time, don't ever think we gonna lose that shit. That's like sitting here and saying Mike Tyson can't fight when, you know, at the end of the day, he mean lose loser. But fucking bit when it comes to how he feels, that passion for boxing or whatever. I feel the same way with my music. So get ready. But then, like I said, the name of the album is called The Empress New Clothes Check for that shit. I'm ready. I'm ready. It listen brother, Thank you very much for being here. It was a real honor. Of course.


Real pleasure. You my guy man. Thank you. Thank and Thank you for everything you guys have done over the years. I've been endlessly entertained by Wu Tang Clan for a long fucking time. There You go. There You go man. And I hope somebody listens to this and makes that fucking movie. Make that movie. Do it. Well we gonna make It happen. We do it the right way. We go Figure it Out. I wish I made movies. I wish I was a movie maker. 'cause that that's what I would, I would make it that way. I would open up with that fucking Riker scene. Listen Joe, it, it is never too late for us to do what the fuck we Want do, man. Never too late. Never too late. Never too late. Thank you sir. Love you Brother. Love You. Thank you very much. Appreciate you. Bye buddy.