
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. What the, who is who sings that? How, how dare you. How dare you say who sings that? No. Who? Who's Angus Young? No. Angus Young. Is this the guitarist? Right? Why Saw that? It's God Damnit. My brother used to beat the shit outta me of that music. Johnson. That's right. And then before him, Bon Scott, Bon Scott and Bon Scott died of a drug overdose. Right. Oh man.


Is that how he died? Just went too hard. That's a thing. It's like, it's that moment where you're like, do we want to go any harder? I saw a video of Angus on stage the other night, like recently. He's like seven years old From a CDC going Ham. Yeah. Old fucking dude. White hair. Just dance. See if you can find that video. Just dancing around on stage. Carl is still up. He's like, dad, you didn't even put me down yet. It takes three minutes. It takes three minutes to calm him. Yeah, you gotta, you got a whole system. It's usually three Or four minutes. And then by it for sure, seven or eight. He's asleep. He got, and get him a weighted, do they have a weighted blanket or not? For him? I don't think They do that for dogs.


He doesn't have that Much anxiety. He's pretty Good. Does that really work with people? I feel like there's other ways. There's That one video that like really like, kind of kind of weak kid who gets trapped under one or whatever. Have you ever seen that? Oh no. At that birthday party? How big is the blanket? I mean, it's like, I guess it's like 80 pound test or whatever. I don't know. Heavy the threat. Like a marlin blanket. Marlin line. I mean, I dunno, heavy the threat was, but it's like, he's like trying to text for help or whatever on this Jesus Christ. Yeah. Oh, it, so it's just a joke. No, no. I, it has to be a joke. I, I did. For real. It Like, he was really trapped. Yeah. It looked like a kid. He was very much trapped under there. Oh man.


Some di He was very, I don't wanna say malnourished or un, you know, he just didn he didn't like to eat or whatever. One of those kids only eats nuggets or whatever. Oh, well nuggets are better than just chips. At least nuggets or some kind of protein. Yeah. I mean some kind of, what do you think Bobby Kennedy's gonna do when he gets into, Did we start? I think we're started. Are we rolling? I've been going. Yeah, we're rolling. Okay. Do Anything to gonna get rid of, of nuggets. See, here's my take on a, like I was just reading this whole thing about Chick-fil-A and they were saying this is the most dangerous food in America. The number one burger Chick-fil-A is like the number one fast food sandwich, chicken sandwich.


And there's a fucking thousand ingredients. And this not, yeah, just don't eat it every day. Stupid. Yeah. I eat them. Yeah. I'm healthy. I'm real healthy. You just don't eat 'em every fucking day. You enjoy 'em. Yeah, You don't. That's not your primary diet. Yeah. If you're going over there every day or whatever, leaving your kids at home to go get one or something. If you're lying, you just feeding. Yeah. You're just fending for Chick-fil-A all day. Well, They're so good. And they come in that little bag. It almost has that. They come in the unmarked bag. You know,


this Is a paid advertisement for Better Help Life is kind of like a book. And every new year is the start of a new chapter. Except in this case, the pages are blank and you can write whatever the fuck you want. Maybe you're working towards buying a new home. Maybe you wanna learn how to garden or pick up hunting, or maybe you wanna work on your relationships. However you want your story to play out. It's going to take work, dedication, and a little bit of help. Even the greatest authors have an editorial partner to bounce ideas off. And that's nothing to be ashamed about. If you need some help living the life you want, therapy is always a great place to start. Therapy is for everyone. Not just people who've gone through a major trauma. It can teach you valuable skills, like how to cope with stress, how to communicate better, how to set boundaries and more. One of the best ways to get into therapy is better Help. It's entirely online. So it's easy to get started and more affordable too. And as the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise, write your story with Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash jre. That's better. HEL p.com/jr.


I went to a football game the other day, ate three of them. Yeah. Feel good. Still work out. Still feel healthy. The key is just don't make that most of what you eat. Yeah. Every now and again, a little Chick-fil-A is not gonna hurt nothing. Yeah. Treat your lady. Treat your friend. Treat yourself. Treat yourself. Get Off of work. I'm gonna have one today. I I'm gonna get me a double. Double from in and out. Fuck It. That's a lot though. Double. Just get a regular one If you're gonna go hard. Go All the way hard. See, I'm the guy who, I would get two singles instead of getting a double. You know what, I get it in and out. I get the Flying Dutchman. Oh, You know what that is? Uhuh. It's just patties with cheese on it. Hmm. And there's no hate.


It's So good. It's so good. 'cause it's fresh. 'cause in and Out doesn't freeze their meat. Their meat is always fresh. So when you get those, I mean, it's just perfect, man. Mm. There's two burger patties with two slices of cheese. And I pick those greasy bitches up and, and I feel great. I don't feel Bad at all. It's like the closest thing you can get to healthy food at a fast food Spot. And so you're And there's no bread on them. No Bread. No bread, no nothing. No sauce, no Ketchup. And what do pick him up with? You pick him up with two forks. There's like a fucking pig, like a sloppy glutton. I just, I just resigned myself. That's that Missouri sushi dude.


You're fucking just meat and cheese. Just meat and cheese and greasy fingers. Dude. Hot. That's that Montana sauce. Me brother. So Hot. It's so hot. You can barely hold onto it. Oh, people do it with the onions on it too. Yeah, I've had that. Oh, I haven't seen all this. The onions Is good, but my way is no onions. I have a block on my computer. I don't think I can look at some of this stuff. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. If I put the Flying Dutchman dude, it's gonna bring up My buddy. Cody gets 'em with onions inside of 'em. So you, they slice up the onions. Mm. Put it inside of 'em. Grilled onions inside. Mm. That's nice. I Love onions. I think onions are a underrated food.


Do you think onions have any nutrition in them at all? I love onions too. Yeah. But about whenever I eat onions, I'm like, what am I doing here? Is this, there's nothing here. Right. But there's something about 'em that's like, oh yeah, but you want some, huh? They, well, there's a tinge. You know what I love? Yeah. I love a good tomato and onion salad, you know? Yeah. When they give those like beef steak tomatoes, like heirloom tomatoes with slices of onion and some balsamic on that bitch. Yeah. I love that. The salt. Oh, That's Nice. Oh, I love that. And that's like a old School New York steakhouse thing, you know, like a Barta style thing you mean? Well that's Good too. Yeah. If You go barta, you're great. Oh, Barta And the tomatoes, you can't go wrong. Yeah.


But the onions and tomatoes, tomato and onion salad was like a steakhouse thing. I never really saw it anywhere else. But like tomato and onion salad was like a big thing. And like New York steakhouses. Yeah. Baby. That sounds good. Hmm. I like having, I, I like when you get, there's a Vidalia onion. You ever seen that one? No. That's a beautiful onion. Bring one up if you don't mind, Jamie. But well, Let's guess though. 'cause I, I genuinely have no idea. Okay. Do You think there's any nutritional content in onions? Let me think about it. Lemme think about it. While I'm eating one. I don't know, I, There might be some sneaky shit that like, only like Andrew Huberman can tell you about, you know, some weird ingredient.


Like some back end. Like a backend magnesium or something. Yeah. Yeah. Some weird, Like some fucking, Some weird shit. Like some, you mean there's some That's a Vidalia onion. Yeah. Okay. So I think I've seen 'em before. I just didn't know they had a different name. Those are good. There Is a lot of nutritional value. I have it on the, is there, so You know. Okay. That'll, that's what I want to know. Impressive health benefits of onions. Oh, okay. Now I feel better for liking onions. Tell me what, what can they do for you? Vitamin C. Mm. Easy. We should've known it. Let's See. Look at all that. There's a little sugar. Interesting. Mm. 4.7 grams of sugar in an onion. Imagine how nasty it would take with outside sugar. Oh, how nasty would onions taste if they taste that good with that much sugar?


And just say just God put a touch in there. He knew it. Has Anybody ever had onions, sliced onions with sugar all over it? Mm. I don't know. Damn. That might be good. Cause you would, would think it would bring the sugar out even more. More. Right. You know what I had the other day that was really good watermelon with salt on it. Do you ever have that? No, I haven't had that. Dude. It's like it's, you either love it or you, what the fuck have you done to watermelon? Oh, I Could see that. I, I love It. Mexican people like to put crazy shit on fruit Chili Chi mango. Yeah. Chili mango. Man, that's a big one in Mexico. You Like this fruit And they're like, you nailed it now. You'd like it or what motherfucker. It's spicy fruit. Yeah. Yeah. They get crazy dude, bro.


But chili mango works uniquely like outta all spicy fruits. That's the one that caught on so much. It made it to potato chips. Chili mango. Yeah. Chili mangoes and everything. I haven't had that. Oh Dude. I drink chili mango element. You know what element is like the, it's a hydration mix. Uhuh. It's nice. It's, I like a hydration though. That's Rob Wolf's company, right? I believe so, dude. Why Are people, why is there so much hydration now? And also, dude, Thank you. I just wanna say Thank you to Mexican people just for doing everything that they do. Dude, I feel like every week we should have a round of applause for Mexican people. I feel like in America. Well it's weird to want to keep em out. You know, they have some of the best food that, the nicest people.


They're har, they're some of the hardest working people. Like one of the dumb. Yeah. And They're organ donors too. A lot of them. Well that's awesome. One of the dumbest like stereotypes ever was like the lazy Mexican. Like, what are you talking about? Yeah. Everyone I've ever met has like fucking three jobs. They're all working 12 hours a day. Like, what the fuck are you talking About? Dude, I knew a Mexican guy. He had to leave work to go to his job, bro. All the, it never ends. Dude. You know, Mexicans used to have a feud with Puerto Ricans back in the day with boxing. In boxing there was always like this feud between Mexicans and Puerto Ricans. And the Mexicans would, would always say that the Puerto Ricans didn't work hard enough. What?


Like the discipline, like some of the Puerto Rican guys were maybe more talented, but the Mexican guys were known for discipline. Like some of the great Mexican boxers, like Julio Caesar Chavez. One of the things about him was his volume was insane. Yeah. His knowledge of boxing was insane. But his volume was insane. And the only way you could have volume like that is if you have supreme conditioning. And what does volume mean? Volume punching. Volume of punching. Wow. You ever watched Julio Caesar Chavez, one of the greatest of all time he passed away. One of the greatest of all time. No, no. He's still alive. Oh, good. And his son is boxing. Now his, his son is a really good boxer. Not at the level that his dad was, but Julio Caesar Chavez Sr.


Was one of the all time greats. But he would just overwhelm people with volume and just break them down. Pull up. Oh, Julio Caesar Chavez highlight because when he was in his prime, he, one of the greatest fights of all time was him versus Meldrick Taylor. And he knocked Mel Meldrick. Meldrick Taylor, who's an Olympic gold medalist, phenomenal boxer, cool name. And he knocked out Meldrick Taylor with like 10 seconds to go in the final round. Hmm. Says he made this dude cry. He made this dude cry. Yeah. I look his hair should make Him cry. Who is that against? That's, Is that the dude from Red Clay Strays? That's his brother. Yeah. He doesn't look like, he Looks like he could be his cousin that wants money from him, bro.


Oh, it's my cousin. The boxer. Shit. It looks like, it looks like fucking machine gun punching. This is so, I don't know why he made this dude cry, but just go get me a highlight because we don't have the time to like, just watch him break this dude down. Gimme just like a Julio Caesar Chavez Junior High, or excuse me, Chavez Senior Highlight. She comes from Silver spoons. Those guys, you got one of their jackets on, man. You, you're wearing a red case. Red Clay. I didn't even realize that. Yeah, I am. They're great man. Thank God this is warm. So in the 1990s, he was the fucking man. He was a 90 mile, He was a man. He was, I forget what his record was before he had his first defeat.


But it was something crazy like Yeah. 80 or 90 fights before he had his first defeat. Yeah. I have to let it go Bro. And just, is there a highlight of his knockouts? Oh, highlight. Just gimme a highlight of like him beating the fuck outta people. He was so good. Dude, Look at this. He about to cook this brother Up. That was Meldrick Taylor. Oh. So Meldrick Taylor and him had an epic fight where Meldrick was winning the beginning of the fight. The Meldrick was very good. No, that's Purnell Whitaker. That was a fight where he probably shouldn't have won, but they gave it to him. And a lot of people, including myself, watched that and think Purnell Wi Whitaker got robbed. Purnell Whitaker was like the slickest of all of the American boxers of his era.


Wow. But Julio, Julio, Caesar Chavez just broke Meldrick down later in the fight. What made him so good then? What made him, well, It's, you know, what makes a fighter? There's a lot of things. But he didn't stand out in terms like, he wasn't faster than everybody. Right. Or hit harder than everybody. He wasn't a one Punch. He's John stock. And the fighters right here Wasn't guy. He's, he was a volume puncher. Right. So he would put guys away by breaking them down. He would break their will and crush them. That was what he would do. And he would do it with this fucking mean look on his face when he is just at the end of fights. When he had guys broken, he would just overwhelm them and swarm them. He was one of the most terrifying guys. 'cause he can keep his pace up. 12 rounds, no fucking problem. Like iron Chin, but different, you know, like Julios, that's the final punch that dropped Meldrick Taylor.


Wow. And that was one where it was a, a fucked up call because Richard Steele knew that Meldrick Taylor was out. But there was really only two seconds left in the fight. But he still has to wave it off 'cause the dude can't fight. Right. So it's kind of crazy. So all these people were mad at Richard Steele because if he didn't do that, Meldrick Taylor would've won the decision. So he stops the fight with like two seconds to go. How many seconds was it when he called the fight off? I, I, I'm, I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say two seconds. Might have been five seconds. And What were you do in that situation then? Well, He, he's doing the right thing. The ref, the referee is there to save the fighter. If he takes one more punch in those two seconds and that one punch kills him. Right. That's him.


It's on him. 17 when he went down. So 17, he goes down. Well, so let's see what happens. So he gives him the, the count, which is a standing eight count. And then he looks at him and he asks him a couple questions, gimme some volume. So look, he's not looking at the clock. He's looking to save this guy. But look at, look at the what? Look at him. Look at him. Wow. He Looked him in the eye. He wasn't there Three seconds left. But He's doing the right thing. He's doing the right thing. It's crazy if there's three seconds left, but he is doing the right thing. It's 'cause a referee's job is to make sure that they stay alive. Yes. Protect the fighter. Protect, because A fighter wouldn't make the right choice, you're saying.


Right. That's why, that's why a referee has to protect a fighter from a cut. Like if the cut's too bad, the referee has to call it or bring it a doctor to call it. There's sometimes where the referee, it's, it's a judgment call. And sometimes they get it wrong 'cause they're human. But it's a crazy job. They have the hardest job in the world. So the guys like Herb Dean, the guys like Mark Goddard. Those guys need more praise because it's, it's one of the most difficult jobs in all of combat sports other than being a fighter. The second most difficult for sure is being a referee. Wow. Because you gotta make these calls. You, you like in the middle of chaos in a world title fight where millions of people are watching. Oh. And you gotta keep this thing together in this very chaotic sport.


That would be so tough. Yeah. I wonder what are the requirements to be a referee? Like how much, you know, like to be one of those? Like Mark Goddard or, well, there's Courses you can take. You know, I know Big John McCarthy was very instrumental in educating people. Herb Dean's very instrumental in doing this. There's a lot of these guys, mark Goddard, they, they'll put together seminars and help guys that are coming up. And there's probably a formal, let's see, it's a find out. Like what is the website that's like best for if someone wants to go and learn how to be a referee, but Fuck, you could probably just pull up in Memphis and start blowing the whistle on a bunch of shit going Down. Most of 'em are massive fans.


Of course most of 'em train like Mark Goddard trains. I I believe Mark Goddard's a black belt in Jiujitsu. We'll have to check that. I, herb Dean I know had a few MMA fights. Oh. So they also have some, A lot of 'em also have experience. You have to say have some, you have to know what's going on. Because sometimes, especially in like submissions and things like that, like things get complicated real quick. Yeah. Like Someone not letting go of an inside heel hook. And like that's a scary one. There's like, do you remember who some Paul re Uhuh? No way. His, that, His name was Kinio, which means tree trunk. That's like his, his nickname.


Who's Samara? He is Brazilian. Who's Samara? Paha. He was the scariest guy of all, all time because he was all leg locks. He, and he was built like a tank. He was like five eight, a hundred eighty five pounds. Just, just fucking ball of muscle. Yeah. And he would dive on dude's legs and just rip them apart. Oh. Like a python. Kinda Wouldn't let go, wouldn't let go of the legs. So you guys would be tapping. He's the only guy that ever get kicked outta the UFC winning Because he was doing that because He was holding submissions. They kicked him out. They said you can't do that. What do you mean you can't do it? You can't do what? You Gotta let go. When the referee says stop. Oh, he kept, 'cause he's crippling people. Oh. You wanna see a highlight that makes you cringe. Pull up. Who's small? Paul Ez submission highlights.


Oh, I don't wanna see it but I'll See it. Jake Shields punched him in the face after their fight because he got a hold of a Kimora. Jake tapped and he still kept cranking on it. Huh? He would do that with guys. He just was a pit bull. He wouldn't let go. But there's an unsportsmanlike aspect to do you feel For sure feel that that's on sportsman? Like at a certain point it seems like it is. Hundred percent. Yeah. You know, you're gonna cripple a guy, you know, if you keep twisting on a knee, he's gonna have to have surgery. You know, if a person taps, they you let, it's supposed to be. That's it. You know, and there's the heat of the moment stuff. But then there's people that just do it over and over and over again. Right. There's, You know, folks are known like Tray known for that. So what, look what he would do, man. He would just get ahold of guy, look at his knee, look and he's still, he's tapping and he's, that was with John Fitch.


Show that one again. So he is tapping. So he gets this knee bar. This knee bar is awful. Look how bad he's tapping. And he's still cranking. Still cranking. Wow. Yeah. Still cranking. So it was like he would hold on for an extra second or two, which is more than enough to destroy your Game. And they kicked him out a Second. Doesn't seem like a long time, unless you're caught in an e bar. That second's, that's an eternity where you, your knee is getting exploded and you're tapping and he won't let go. Oh, you gotta let go immediately when the person taps. Yeah. When the referee stops the fight. You gotta let go immediately. Now do you let go when the guy taps? Do you let go when the fight? So look at this here. The referee was on him. The guy screaming in agony, still cranking.


Oh Yeah. He might have had a venge. He might have had a, oh, He was a mean dude. But he, he grew up very poor on a farm. Horrible upbringing. You know, it's like, there's a kind of a crazy story to it. A lot of pain. A Lot of pain. Grew up in extreme poverty. And like this scar in his chest, this scar in his chest. Like they had a glue, a wound that he had. Yeah. As a child. Like on the farm, they glued it together. That's what he, this big scar in his chest. Just a hard man. Yeah. And a scary dude. If he got ahold of your legs. 'cause he wasn't gonna let go. God, I'm glad I don't know him. I mean, in some ways you know that. Well You glad you're not grappling with him? Yeah. I'm glad I, I don't have to know him like I adversely.


Damn dude. I just saw Shane too. Yeah. What did you say? He looked like a pickled egg. That what you saying? I knew right away. You hadn't seen him in how long? As soon as you saw shades in the Shane's in the sauna and you're like, you look like a pickled egg. Well you look like one of those kind of eggs. Like in that, in that little cage or whatever at the gas station. You know Those bucket eggs, the ones that are on the bars, the pickled gimme one of em pickled eggs. Do you know how fucking hungry you have to be fucking These Fucking eggs? Who knows how long they've been sitting there? You're like, yeah, gimme one of them.


There's always some trucker over there just bobbing for apples in the tank of 'em. Like they look So unsanitary bro in The fart that rips outta your body Off of that thing. How you gonna ban Chick-fil-A? But you're not gonna ban that. I Know. You imagine. Dude, that has to be RFKs Arjun nemesis right there. You imagine if you were living off those eggs, the farts you would have, if that's your only food source, like let's imagine you are like stuck on a boat in the middle of the ocean with only bottled eggs.


After a while your own farts are gonna make you jump in the ocean. You know, like I can't even be around myself. But there's a lot of like, there's that trucker's high that they get from huffing their own gas. There's like a syndrome or something that starts from it from people. Just imagine what, that can't be good for you. Right? Cagey yourself up at eight miles an hour with your own farts and just cruising state to stay. Just fucking, Just letting it go baby. Ugh. In the combination of things, ring dings and pork rinds and fucking Pepsi Saying the saying fag over and over again. Just all of that just compile at once, didn't you?


And then listen to conspiracy theorists talk on podcasts all day. Just deep into fucking the murky waters of Alex Jones just hopped up. I've been, I've been on social media a little too much lately. Yeah, yeah. I've been reading too many people fighting and arguing about stupid shit to the point where I'm starting to develop theories and I don't, I don't want to. Like What do you mean? Well, I saw Alex Jones and he looks really good. Does He? Yeah. He's losing all weight. He looks like he to go to court for something. No, Sean, our friend Sean is helping him. He's he's Oh really? Working out with him every day. Yeah, Bro. I noticed it like in a month. I just saw like, and I was like, oh my God. He Looks, yeah, he's really committed.


He's gonna do a documentary on it. He's gotta do a documentary on take, take him back my health. He's, it's so noticeable. I was like, wow, he looks handsome, but this is A fucking theory that it's not even him. Oh really? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. There's theories that They were replaced With a different guy. Yeah. Who did though? That's always the Thing. That's the thing. That's the thing. But here's the thing, I know that's not true. Right? Like I know the guy who's training him. I know him. Like I'm still in touch with him. Yeah. Like I text Alex All the time. I know him. He's just losing weight. But if you go online, there's a lot of people that believe that this is like a different person. Yeah. 'cause a lot of people believe he's been co-opted by the government. There's a lot. Like he has to chime in on every single thing that everybody wants him to.


Otherwise he's been co-opted. And I'm starting to develop these theories where I don't know how much of that conversation is real. I certainly think there's a percentage of that conversation is real. What conversation? You mean? The, When people think that people have been co-opted Okay. By the government like that they've become what? Do that, what is that one? They, they like to use controlled opposition. That's all you want to pretend to be a smart con conspiracy theorist. You have to say controlled opposition. I could easily see, look at this bro. In two weeks Tom's the girl will be playing this guy. He looks Great. That's all it is. He looks great. He does. But he But he doesn't look like the same person because Not At all dude. Because He's laid off the booze. He is laid off the booze. He is not eating any bullshit. I don't if, I Don't even know if if he's drinking a lot, bro.


Really? Yeah. Heating. Can you bring us back up please? One, one time. Satanic Pedophiles all day long. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes you wanna take the edge off. Yeah, bro. He fucking, I mean he looks totally Yeah. Different now. Yeah. He looks like Randy Orton now. But imagine if this was no internet. Imagine there's no internet, so we don't Know. You believe in a heartbeat. It wasn't a rogue guy. Sure. There's no way. That's the same guy. Yeah. This guy on the left looks 15 years younger. Oh yeah, dude. A chubby guy used to do the pool when I worked at this farm one time he used to do the, the pool and one year he got on Dexatrim or some illegal fat burner or whatever and he came and did the pool one time when I was there and I didn't even believe it was him and never believed it.


Wow. Totally different. Yeah. So yeah, if you didn't have stuff like this, you would be like, that's not the same guy. So this was just The television days? No social media. Yeah. I think that they've recasted the guy 'cause something happened to him over the off season. 100%. You would think, oh, someone replaced Alex Jones with a fake Alex Jones. But he would tell you if that happened. Right. He would be like, Joe, somebody hurts. Yeah. They replaced me. He would say they replaced Me. They're sending somebody in. Who the Fuck is gonna do his voice? There's only four people alive. They can do a good Alex Jones impression. Are you, are you aware of the Elon Musk Adrian Dittman controversy That he I saw something. There's a, they, they, they said he, he was a fake purse. They, he made a fake What's called, I think they call them sock puppet accounts.


Okay. And it's, it's generally frowned upon to have a fake account. Like, it seems like it would be a fun way to fuck around online. Right. I don't have one, but, but it seems like it would be a fun way to fuck around online. It Takes a lot of time, it seems like. Yeah. But you can have like a fake account where if you, if you're a public person, You know, like Elon Musk and you wanna say some wild shit, but you don't want to take responsibility for it. Yeah. You just wanna shit post like everybody else. Like an anonymous person. Oh, that's true. He can't do that. Really? Yeah. I would say that would be a smart thing to do. Did It? Was it really him? Did they find out? But is That, is that unethical that when one person can call themselves, you know, cat turd, you know, that's a legit name for a dude.


I don't know anything about that cat. But he can, that guy can just talk about anything he wants to talk about. But if Elon Musk does it, well he has the responsibility of his public image, but maybe he doesn't want that. Right? Like If he, it, I don't have a problem with either one of 'em. Yeah. Sometimes you just wanna shed your skin. You just wanna take a layer off and you wanna relax at the house. You wanna kick your feet up and yell something down the hallway you shouldn't yell. Right. And that's what he wants to do. I think You should be allowed to do that. Yes. I think is one of the problems with making the internet, you know, like taking away the anonymity. But here's my, my question because of that. Right. So if people can just have fake accounts and people should be able to, which I think they definitely should be able to do. Be because of that though, then you have to wonder when you see arguments, how many of these arguments are real people and their real opinions?


And how many of these arguments are a, this giant block of accounts that's been purchased by a large organization that is hiring people or using AI to have arguments with people and incite things right online. Wow. It's not 0% people now. No, I'm, I'm saying like, if you have a personal belief in something, like no, they're not boxed. 'cause I think that way I, I'm not saying that you don't believe what you believe and I'm, I'm not even saying that you're wrong. I'm saying that if there's any hot button cultural topic, you can fucking guarantee that some of the people talking about it aren't real.


Either. They're not real in that these are not the real opinions. They're being told to say these things. Or they might not even be a real human. They might be an algorithm or they're a bunch of people that have been hired. Whenever there's hot button cultural issues or voting issues or political issues, a lot of those people arguing are not real. Yeah. And there's a real question as to what the number are. Like how much of this is like real interaction between people and how much of this is all this meddling that's being done. Like they're, they're changing the way people think about things and, and forcing the, and arguing like these things all day very persuasively on behalf of some sort of special interest group.


Yeah, I think that sounds very plausible, especially these days. There's like, there's not as much, you know, it used to be that a lot of media was controlled by a few channels and networks, right? I mean, that's safe to say. Would you agree with that? It was all controlled by a few channels, right? It was all, I mean you all you had when we were kids, you had, I remember when cable came out, it was crazy. Really? Yeah. What was before that? You Had a B, C-N-B-C-C-B-S. That's It. No. Yes. That's it. And then outta nowhere you Had three chances for Fox. Fox was crazy. Married with children. The Simpsons. Fox was nuts. Fox was this wild network. So that was, that was the fourth.


That was the fourth network. Marriage children was so good. Dude. So good. So you have this fourth network and then cable comes along and then satellite and now streaming and the internet. It's like what? I don't even think we're aware of how much more content we absorb than people that were, you know, that lived like when I was 21. Oh yeah.


Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action with Draftking Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


Well, Even if you're just by the airport or whatever. Sometimes I wish they'd be like, can someone turn all this shit off? It's like, yeah, you, you don't even know what's going on anymore in the middle of the night. I'll have like songs playing in my head that I heard online. Tiktoks and shit. It's just bad. Like it's gotten to be too much. But I think that there's, what I'm saying is if if somebody had all that control at one point, or if a few networks did, there's no way that now that they have less control, they're not still trying to find that control. What? Hundred percent. And that they're hiring different groups to beat Twitter bots or Twitter personalities or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Make TikTok accounts. Hundred percent do tiktoks about issues. 100 people. Look, people have said flat out that they were offered money and then they got paid money to make things for political people.


Like make people, make people think that they were really excited about voting for someone. They would pay them for pro content. Right. So pro, whatever that person is. So there's a whole business in this where they reach out to popular influencers and they say, Hey, I want you to endorse this person. Would you do that for X amount of money? Well, didn't That happen with like Megan Thee Stallion or somebody? Somebody didn't, they weren't they hired recently or some of, and I'm sure the Republican party did it too. I think that was a Democratic one that they had. Were they hired performers to come and perform? Yeah. This was the this was the big controversy. We tried to get to the bottom of it. It's hard to know. So the real, the accusation was that there was a few artists, Lizzo was one of 'em.


Yeah. That's who was Lizzo Emm was another one. Beyonce was the big one. Right. And that they were paid an exorbitant amount of money to go and endorse Kaa Harris at these rallies. I don't know if it's true. It seems like there might be something to it that they spent so much money. Dude. I know. It's so crazy that the economy's like one of the biggest problems that we think of today. Like if you think of like What do you mean? The economy? The economy. Like the, if if People Okay. Us economy, The people with people that want to vote on things, what do they want? They want the economy to be healthier. They want us to have less national debt.


Safety. Safety. Yeah. They want less inflation. They want safety. Want low crime. If that is the amount of fucking money they went through. Like you, you, you spent $1.5 billion and you paid celebrities to, if that's true, you paid celebrities to like, how am I supposed to trust you? Yeah. With spending money. You've imagine if like yeah, if you were gonna marry a gal and you just gave her access to your credit card, you're like, look baby. Yeah. You know, you and me we're in it now. So Here you Go boo. I want you to be happy.


And she just goes, fucking ham. Yeah. She buying Shit. But she says, Hey, I'm only doing this ambulance up until we get married. Yeah. Because once then, then I'm, I'm all about a sensible budget. I'm, I'm all about fiscally being responsible. You couldn't believe that. You Wouldn't believe it. Not at all. You'd be like, wait a minute, you've been going crazy with these fucking handbags and jewels and shit. You'd Be like, I'm not marrying you then because Yeah, we have too much shit. I can't even see you in the apartment now because you're fucking Also, I can't trust you with the credit cards. You're a fucking maniac dude. My, I had his roommate for a while. This dude, and he would get all high out in the living room and he would get these empty boxes, cardboard boxes, and he had a couple cats and he'd get out there and he'd, and he would have 'em do tricks and stuff up the up the box.


He'd stack 'em really high in the living room, like a 20 foot ceiling. And he, he'd get stoney, he'd get upset if I didn't come out and watch. Fucking weird as that. Meanwhile, that guy can vote. Yeah. That's, That's the kinda guys that go, Walt Megan thee stallion. Is that who she's voting for? Well fucking sign me up. He would get pissed if I didn't come out and watch. Dude. That's what's crazy is like how they, they spend money to make sure that people think that famous people will vote for 'em. I don't think anybody, dude, I don't even believe that there's famous, famous. This, it doesn't even seem like a real thing anymore. It's like, like the other, like I was just texting with the Nikki Glaser did the whatever It's called.


Golden Globes. Golden Globes, right. That's what it was, right? Yeah. She hosted the Golden Globes and she did a hard, she killed it. She did a great job. Right? She did a great job. And she was like, just confident and fun and rip. Just, it was awesome. She did a great job. So I was just texting her and saying, Hey, congrats. That was awesome. And, and I said, were you, were you nervous at all? You know, there's a lot of famous people. And then she's like, no. And I was like, I, and then I was thinking it doesn't, it doesn't even seem like people are, that fa fame has kind of gotten different over the years. Does it seem like that at all? I think 'cause some of the most popular people aren't, it used to just be like they were movie stars, you know? But now it seems like it's just changed. Like you could have just as much infatuation for somebody that you saw that made an entertaining video on Instagram as you could for Tom Cruise.


You know? Well, what, do you know what I'm saying? Am I making any sense? Yeah. Okay. Well I think one of the worst things that's happened to actors as they talk outside of acting, it's almost the worst thing you could do. 'cause then everybody change. It changes your opinion of who they are. Yeah. You don't, you don't like 'em as much anymore, you know. Well, and Hollywood all was always one way. Remember four, four years ago, you couldn't even say the word Trump or Republican and you would be fucking ostracized. I mean, it was like, or eight years ago. Like that was crazy. I'm sure it's crazy still like that Now in Hollywood we're just not experiencing it. 'cause you're living in Nashville and I'm living here in Texas. Yeah. But if you're in certain circles in Los Angeles, they still feel the same way. Yeah.


You know, it's, I, it's just, I wonder how much of the division in this country is caused by what we're talking about by this thing that's legal. And again, I think it should be legal. I don't think you should have to tell your fucking name. If you wanna talk shit about something that's going on, it affects your life or that affects your job or that affects your, your kid's school. You shouldn't be subject to fucking prosecution. Because you said something about the school board because you just felt like being an anonymous person saying there are a bunch of fat slobs and retards. And you wanted to say that, but you couldn't say that because then you would get in trouble with your kids would get in trouble and this and that.


And well That's what's happening in England right now, isn't it? In Britain it 100% Is it? 100% Is that is Happening. That's really happening. Yes. It's really happening. You the, you can't give people that much fucking control. You can't give people that much control over what offends 'em or what offends people. What you could say, what you can't say. Can you imagine if we could, if they would come at the end of every episode, they'd be waiting outside of your, your Yeah. Here's the thing, man, this is a new thing. This wasn't England 10 years ago. Right? This is a new thing. And it's a scary thing. It's a really scary thing. They, they arrested thousands of people for social media posts. Thousands. That's crazy. Were they threatening people?


Well, this is what they're doing, man. First of all. No, no. Were the people, were the posts No threatening? No, no, no, no, no. They don't have to be, they don't have to be threatening. What? Yeah, they could be misgendering. There's a lot of things that you could get in trouble For. Why be alive if you can't even think or say what you want? People Could deem it's racist. If it's anti-migrant, You know, they have a migrant crisis over there in Europe. People can deem it, you know, anti-migrant and Islamophobic and You can, I, there's a bunch of, you know them that are threats. People threaten people online. Which totally makes sense. Yeah. You shouldn't be allowed to threaten people online. But when you get past that, if you have an opinion about something about, yeah. Something that's affecting the country that you live in, I think you should be able to express yourself.


And I don't necessarily think that people should know that it's you. Yeah. I don't think you should have to carry that around. Like you, you should be able to express yourself and not have to be famous. I don't, I don't think there's a problem with that. You mean to not have to have it be known. So you're saying that right. But Elon should be able to also have a separate voice if he wants to or anyone should. But you want, but the problem is, if you do that, then you're gonna have corporations that are doing what we're suspecting that they're doing. And what this one, former FBI analyst, we pulled up this article a thousand times, Jamie, but pull it up one more time just 'cause it's just so crazy. You can't believe it's real. This guy was analyzing the amount of Twitter people that are bots.


And this was a contentious issue, contentious aspect of the purchase when Elon bought Twitter. So when Elon bought Twitter, they were saying there's only 5% bots. I remember that we sampled a hundred people, 5% of 'em were bots. And he's like, that's not enough. You have hundreds of millions of people that are signed up for this. How many of these people are fake? And they really didn't want to tell. They didn't. They just like, they just, not a lot. Don't worry. It's like, You know. Yeah. How many bots were programmed to lie if they were asked if they're a bot? It's Like a guy asking a girl, how many guys have you slept with? I said, A couple. Nothing. Four, nothing. Don't worry about it. I'm a former CIA cyber operations officer who studies bot traffic.


Here's why it's plausible that more than 80% of Twitter's accounts are actually fake and Twitter is not alone. More than 80%. Yeah. See, I don't think we realize that because we're on there for real. We're real people on there. But you're real people where fake people are constantly arguing right in front of your face. Like the world is ending. And it's not necessarily all real people. There definitely are real people arguing on Twitter, don't get me wrong. And I think even the fake people arguing is very addictive. And I think you want to get involved too. 'cause like you're seeing this guy dunk on that guy, I wanna fucking dunk on somebody.


Yeah. And then people are spending all their time in this job that they hate when no one's looking, the boss isn't around, you know, typing up some real witty, nasty shit on Twitter. Yeah. And I think there's, you wanna be able to do that anonymously, but if you do have that and you don't know who's doing what, Yeah, you Do get to this point where someone can fucking manipulate it. But if you do know, then the problem is the government has already shown how fucking shady they are when someone comes out and says something that goes against what they agree with or what they're trying to push, or what agenda they have or what's best for them financially.


So they'll fucking throw the kitchen sink at you. We've seen them do that. You can't have those kind of people in power where they can know exactly who's saying what. You still have to have the ability to have whistleblowers. So you have this conundrum on one side, you're gonna have this completely manipulated environment that's done by corporations and fake people and and, and people that are paid by parties just to push the party line and to go out there and debate it vigorously and argue it. They're paid To do it. Yeah. And all you have is your wits. All you have is your ability to try to form your own opinions of things, regardless of like where you feel like you're pulled because of whatever ideology you've, you know, you've publicly proclaimed to be, I'm, I'm a liberal person, this is how I feel.


I'm pro this, I'm pro that. And then, right. They'll start fighting about what that means. What's scary when that happens. Because then you also have locked yourself into a space where you might not change because you're afraid of what your public persona is. Exactly. And that's gotta be, well That's how you get to Dick Cheney endorses Kamala Harris and the liberals are like, yeah, boom. I saw his dude. He po posted a atomic bomb gif and is like, after that happened, like it's over. Boom. I'm like, you guys are just dorks who don't play sports. Do you realize what kind of mental gymnastics you have to go through? Where Dick Cheney rest in peace. Where? Dick Cheney, He passed away.


He just Passed away. Oh, where Dick Cheney endorsing your liberal progressive candidate. That somehow or another, that's a good thing. The guy was the architect of the fucking architect of i the Iraq invasion, weapons of mass destruction host all that shit. The guy Was, he was a Schlumberger guy, right? He was A scary guy, man. He was the oil guy, right? Who couldn't put Halliburton. Yeah, Halliburton. He was from Halliburton. Fuck bro. That, that was bizarre. I mean, mental, mental Gymnastics, That's, everything's gotten so bizarre. Dude, he's Not dead. He's not dead. No. Oh, it's a fake report. Yeah. Fake Dick Cheney death report came from RT parody account. Those motherfuckers.


Here we Go bro. But hey, you got me. But this is The thing. It's like the, You can't tell what the fuck is true. Well, first of all, how's he still alive? You know? Yeah. Let's, how many soccer players do we lose this year? Midfield Massive attacks just running down the street. People are dying. And Liz And somehow or another Dick Cheney's still alive And Dick Cheney's still out there tarring with a different Heart. Yeah. That's what they're doing now. He's got a fake heart. I'm sure he does. I'm sure he is on his sixth or seventh heart. A lot of these You don't think politicians are getting fucking separate hearts in organs? Dude, you don't think they're first in line when they fucking Oh yeah, For sure. That's probably part of like, if you wanna open up a hospital, this is what I want. The moment my shit goes south, I, I want want, I want a doctor ready with his hands scrubbed.


Yeah. Oh, I bet there's a sick Roth child out there somewhere. And every month they're putting a new ticker into him. Dude, I was Reading a a story last night about this dude who was one of the, I think he was a Rockefeller who got eaten. See if that's, I believe he was one of the Rock Rockefeller Rothchilds or Rockefellers. God damnit, one of them fancy people. When you hear the name, you're like, oh, that fancy family. One of those. So this dude went to New Guinea and got eaten by cannibals. Mm. Apparently he went there. I'd hate Michael Rockefeller. So apparently he went there and they were fine. They were fine with him the first time he went there, but he was trying to get something from them.


And the something that he was trying to get from them was sacred. And apparently they were very pissed off at him. So he didn't know that they were pissed off at him. So when he went back, he thought they'd be friendly with him. Yeah. And they killed him and ate him. Oh my gosh. Yeah. And then they hid it, they hid the story forever. So they went looking for this guy, like, Hey, my rich cousin is missing, where is he? And they're like, I don't know. They just Fucking burp. They just ate that dude. They just, somebody just coughs up a one of those things that keeps your, what is that thing that goes on there? Into your shirt? Yeah, Your cuff. A cuff link. Oh, a cuff Link. I Just fucking, yeah, somebody has up a cuff leak.


Hey, let me give a shout out to the person who's, it was on their YouTube channel, because I can't remember most of the details of the story, but if you go to this dude's YouTube channel, he lays it out. I Tried to find a hat that matched with y'all's curtain in here. It's perfect. You nailed it. Thanks. I get it in here somewhere. I, I have a real problem with these goddamn YouTube videos. I'm watching too much. I'm absorbing a lot. I'm learning things. But do you think, like, like you talked about Islamophobia in Britain. Did I talk about it?


What do you mean? Or did you mention it a minute ago? Islamophobia? Well, we were Talking about migrant, what Does Islamophobia means? We, we were talking about the migrant crisis. We didn't, weren't necessarily saying Islamophobia. I think there's a, you know, it's like the migrant crisis in the United States. It's not a, a crisis of one type of individual coming in. The, the idea is that you want to be able to vet everybody who comes in from no matter what, whether they're from Guatemala or they're from Syria, you wanna find out who the fuck they are. Totally. You don't wanna let in criminals and psychopaths. Yeah. That's, it's all that simple. And if you start, you know, blocking off people's ability to do that, I always have to wonder like, what are you trying to do?


Yeah. If you're just trying to let everybody in and not check, are you trying to create chaos? Is that what you want? 'cause that's what I would do if I was an evil person and I wanted to fuck up an entire civilization, I would just let criminals in. I would encourage criminals to go there. I would release them out of my jails and give them money to go north. Yeah, you can just walk across to America. We're gonna pay you to do it. Well I think you have a lot of people that have like, that believe in some sort of a moral and ethical code and they feel like they don't have a place to be sometimes, you know? Well, there's also some people that grow up and they just got fucked by the world. They just got brought to a real bad spot and they started off way worse than you and I For sure.


And that's the reality of if you want to keep a healthy society, you have to keep those fucking people out. Like the world is not fair. It's not fair. And if you wanna protect the best aspects of the world, you gotta keep them safe. And then spread out. Spread out that safety from there. It's not let in All the bad, it's spread out the safety. It's like the, the way to do it isn't to just let All the criminals in and then, oh, well now we all live with crime. Like, no, that's stupid. The way to do it is to solve the crime problem in an area and then expand that area ever greater across the world. That is totally doable. Yeah, that's totally doable. You're never gonna stop all crime, but you can minimize it significantly with a concerted effort, which is not being done.


They're not doing that. And there's a bunch of different things that they have to do instead of just hiring cops to fuck people up. They should train cops better. They should pay them more. They should make them more respected. Yeah. I saw the, they should make, make people appreciate cops instead of like, think of them as the enemy. I agree. We always thought that cops were reliable. But then I guess some cultures have different experiences with cops, but these days cops are so diverse that it's like you couldn't have a, like, you'd almost have to be a, a alien or something to have a racial issue. It feels like sometimes, you know? Well, I think cops are just like all, all kinds of people. And the problem with all people is they're gonna vary. There's gonna be some people that can handle pressure and, and some people that can handle having power and being a boss.


Oh, that's good point. You had good bosses. A good point. I've had great bosses who are great guys. They made you happy to work with them. You knew they were the boss, but it was a cool situation. And then you've got people that are cunts just because they're bosses. You got this guy that just won't stop talking down to you. 'cause he knows you can get away with you 'cause you need the job. Ah, he can get away with shitting on you. You've all had that too. And those, that's, that's the problem with being a cop. Like some people are just not good at having power over people. And some people are great with it. And then there's the reality of the stress that they face every fucking day. You might get shot every day. You're pulling people over. What is the worst thing that's gonna happen to you in your day? Oh, oh, did someone open their door on your car?


Oh yeah. Someone whistle at you. 'cause you had big Tits or whatever. I saw a 10-year-old get their face shot in. Yeah. You know, I saw a, a little girl get run over by a car. I saw horrible murder scenes. You know, they, they're, they're, they're going upon car accidents every day. You're seeing so much awful shit you're dealing with. And then every time you pull somebody over, every cop has seen those videos of people pulling people over and just getting lit, lit with bullets Just fall into the ground. There's so many of those videos getting your gun taken away from you getting shot and killed. Yeah. We've all seen those videos. Oh, yeah's fucking horrible. It's a Walmart everywhere. A lot of that shit. It's like, there's just so much violence now.


There's Just one where this guy was beating up this female cop and his daughter was te telling her to, telling him to stop. The daughter was trying to get him to stop beating this cop to death. Oh. You know, like, oh my God. So like, that job is not a normal fucking job. And when people don't have respect for it and don't appreciate it, it's a, it's a sign of the, the sickness of society. Yeah. It's the, the illness of society that we don't appreciate law and order and we think of it as something that somehow or another, that it's uniquely oppressive. And that with, without it being there, you'd have less problems.


So there was that, that was all that defund the police thing. Yeah. Which is just, we should have learned from that. And I hope a lot of people did. Like that's a terrible idea. The problem is not cops. The problem is cops are human and they have to stay human. Otherwise you're gonna get fucking robocop. Oh yeah. So what do, what are we gonna do? Robocop could easily get hijacked too. That's another issue. It's like a lot of si like, oh yeah. If there were cyber attacks, like where they wanted every electric vehicle or something to just go drive off a cliff, they could just control like just 100%. If they wanted every oven to just heat to 250 degrees and just burn down every house.


Sure. Like if something got hacked, you know, it'd be very spooky. So Yeah. If cops got hacked, bro, that would be crazy. And then also they could just say they hacked the, like you could have a dirty entity hack the cops and use them for whatever they want. And then who do you even sue at that? What are you gonna even, you know, they're not even people. Are you gonna put a robot on the stand? Well you also, you would have to know what kind of like hacking is even possible and whether or not it can be detected. 'cause if they're doing it wirelessly, like can they do it wire? Like, Jamie, you would probably know this. Can you hack something wirelessly from an anonymous account and like get into a system and no one knows who did it?


Or is everything ultimately traceable if they could find the source of the invasion? I think when you get to that high level stuff, they're going, the hacker, like the the pointers doing the attack goes through so many levels to try to hide where they're going from. Yeah. So they can hide somewhat. Yeah. And also how many of those guys that are like operating at that level even exist? Yeah. How many of those, like super high level hackers are out there and everybody else is just kind of at the mercy. Like, if you like, try understanding that. If you don't do that, It's impossible. So how is a judge gonna understand it? How's, who's gonna understand it? Yeah. How are the cops gonna understand it?


Right? It's kind of, yeah. It's gotta be weird. If you know that much stuff, you're kind of in a world of your own. Oh Yeah. If you're like a super Bitcoin creator type dude, you're in a world of your own. You're, you're existing in the, the most sophisticated layers of the technological power of the likes. The world's never seen before, never seen anything like it. And you're the people that are at the head of the code. You're the people that are making ai. Yeah. You're like crypto for Columbus or whatever. You're the fucking, you're on the crypto for Columbus is great. You're on the edge. This Great bro. That's great. Dude. If people, that's why I've said this for years. People with autism are the, they are the link between regular people and machines.


It's, that's where we're headed. It's all no and seven two generations, everyone will have autism. You won't be able to find anybody that doesn't have it or that doesn't like kind of, well, it's kind of freak out if like somebody's like whistling or whatever. It's, it's almost like whatever the reason why more people have autism today. I'm sure there's a bunch of people that think it's vaccines. There's a bunch of people that think it's environmental issues. There's a bunch of people that think it's, I think It's Chick-fil-A. Some people probably could Be, could be Doritos. I'll take it though, dude. It's so fucking good. There's no way you wouldn't take some Chick-fil-A autism dude if they had it, bro. You know what I'm saying? If you like, every now and then, just a weird guy runs outta the back room with a couple pickles on his back.


Dude, I'd fucking be like, I love this guy no matter what he has, you know, I Totally forgot what I was gonna say. Sorry Dude. But it was, It had something to do with autism that Oh, what we were talking about. Like, Oh, I think that this is the end of their realm. So just imagine. Alright. Okay. So there's whatever the reason why there's more cases of autism, most people I think will agree there are more cases of autism now than ever before. Okay. But what meaningful changes have we done, if any, to try to limit that or to try to mitigate that or pull that back? I'm not sure. And what meaningful, like, like what progress has been made where you're saying like, oh, now we have 20% less autistic kids.


So if, so if that's not the case and yet we're in the greatest technological time that we've ever been aware of and people have more access to information now than ever before. Why, why is it moving in that direction? And maybe that is a natural thing. Maybe all this transgender shit where everybody's like, oh my God, like I am so sick here and there's boys and there's girls and that's it. Maybe when you find out about plastics and the things that's happening to the human body because it's fucking with our endocrine system and it's, it's shrinking people's genitals and shrinking people's taints and it's lowering testosterone levels. Oh My God, I didn't know Idea. Calling More, more miscarriages, causing more miscarriages if you were watching this play out, if you were not connected to us.


Yeah. And if you were like from another planet and you're like, what is this thing doing? Oh, so this is a very complicated animal. And this animal gets involved in various plastics and metals and the, it has a symbiotic relationship with plastics and metals where the plastics and metals, it gives them cars and handbags and television sets, but it also robs them of their primal essence and slowly turns them into these genderless weird creatures that can only survive by replicating through their DNA Dude. Well said bro. Because if you're, if you were looking at it from somewhere else and you were looking at, right, well, what are we addicted to?


We're addicted to electronics and we're addicted to plastic. Yeah. We use plastic for everything and We're willing to sacrifice something for it. Dude, I was reading this whole thing about petroleum in the healthcare industry and like health and wellness and like oils and shit, like how much petroleum is used and all this. It's everywhere. It's just everywhere. It's bizarrely everywhere. Petroleum is Petroleum is, yeah. So you've got oil and you've got plastics and you've got all of these weird funky phthalates and chemicals and pesticides and herbicides and we're all aware of it. We're like, this is really a problem. This is really a problem. I fucking blast in the air.


It's all of your food. Like, this could be a problem. Everyone's on fucking Monsanto. Like, yeah, Nobody can sleep life anymore. Say is everywhere. And everyone's like, well, well certainly get to the bottom of that once we make it safer for queer kids. Like, like, and then it slowly, we're going to get to a point of no return where our genetics are fucked by our environmental pollutants, which have only existed over the last couple hundred years. So our genetics get fucked by these environmental pollutants and like giant changes in human testosterone levels just from the 1970s giant changes. Oh Yeah, dude. Yeah. So I think if you're on that path and you are, you are clearly on that path. We are, we are as a human race, we're clearly on that path fast.


And we're also at the same time on the path of artificial intelligence. It's like, how much time do we really have? How much time do we really have here? What if this though, what if a trans kid, how many trans people are there? They're all trans now, everybody. Right? What if the whole country's trans? What if the, I think they've backed off. A lot of, a lot of people have decided they, they really didn't wanna do it anymore. Yeah. There's quite a few. And they get, people get mad at them. Oh. Which is really wild. When they, when they people get Mad at them for changing their mind. Have you interviewed anybody that has gone down the surgery path and didn't did and didn't want to have the surgery?


Have you ever talked to somebody like that? No. I just curious what that whole, what that world is like. Look, It's, everybody's got their own weird thing with that because it's a weird thing, right? You're, you don't like your sexual organs. You're born with, you identify with another gender, or at least you think you do. Right? At least like you identify with what they like more than what the boys, like you're probably just gay. And that's one of the things that they've studied is when they leave transgender or supposedly transgender youths and they don't do anything, they eventually become gay men. Oh, I see. It's a big, big percentage of them. Yeah. Does that mean they're all like that? And some people don't like, genuinely have like true gender dysphoria?


No. Does they've, that's always been a thing too. And being gay used to seem like if you were just gay, that was everything. It was like, it was like, but I guess it was everything. It was like gay didn't, it was like, oh, if you, if you were trans or any, now it's LG Bt QI. Right. And I'm, I'm not, Oh, there's also, yeah, there's intersections plus two plus. Right? What is Plus which one's? Plus, I don't know. I know Two is two-Spirit, which is my favorite. Really? I know I'm gonna need Two-Spirit. They took the kooky two-Spirit people in The Native Americans. No Two-Spirit is like a a a very specific, like let's Google it. Two-Spirit is like, you think you're like Fox Kin or some shit like that.


Oh Yeah, yeah. Well, They, they, I, this is where I found out that I, I might be fucking up what Two-Spirit is. But this is where I found out about this stuff because my, a buddy of mine who lives in Utah, his wife worked at a public school and he told me that she told him that they were having a meeting because one of the parents had proposed putting a litter box in the bathroom because their kid thinks it's a cat. Oh, that's crazy. And he told me that, I talked about it on podcasts and people started saying that that was transphobic. And this is a transphobic lie. And I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa.


So it wasn't a real story. You mean, what Does that have to do? But well hold, first of all, what does that have to do with transgender? What does that have to do with that? You're talking about someone who thinks they're a cat. Oh, how is that transphobic? Yeah. And then I realized like the, oh, there's a lot of things connected in this one group that are not the same thing. Like they're just trying to lump in every idea. Like say if you only have like, You know, the electoral college, you get like a couple points in this state. But if you win like 10 fucking states, you got a big coalition you can get in the White House. Yeah. You know? So it's like if you can't just transgender people on their own, too many people are like, no, you can't go into the women's room, get outta here. But then you add 'em to the gangs. Oh, I see.


You add 'em to the queers, which is like, what does that mean? You know? And then if you're, you're, And you're more of a buffet of folks, what Is that? Are you in, in, okay, two-spirit people, maybe straight gay, bisexual, asexual or queer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. They're the people that want to pretend the most. I'm everything. I'm a boy. I Right. They wanna play the shell game kind of straight. You're a fucking narcissist. Probably. You're probably a loon. Or maybe you really have this two-spirit thing. I don't know. But there's a variety of things that are true at the same time. You know, you're gonna have people that are kooky and you're also gonna have people that unfortunately really do wish they were born a girl. Yeah. Both those things are real. But the thing about us as a species, if you're looking at these drops that are all clearly established markers in terms of testosterone levels, miscarriages, men who are incapable of having children, low sperm counts, smaller testicles and penises.


Like we're moving in the gen, we're moving in a direction of looking like those fucking aliens. Well that's what I've, I've said this for years. If you look at an alien, right? Their head is big. Yeah. 'cause that's the only thing that's going still. Yeah. And their body is this useless sort of fucking Yeah. Christmas ornament, spindly, Spindly, genderless thing. Yeah. Genderless like no tits. That's Stuck under a weighted blanket. Probably dude trapped. You want to stop an alien? Throw one weighted blanket on that bad boy. Well, I Bet they don't interact with things. Well Of course they don't because everything happens in their head. It's all built in at that point. Why do you even need, if you can just blink and cu or whatever, you just, you know, you fucking blink again and you have a mortgage and then you fucking cough and your fucking parents are deceased.


It's just like, there's No non non aware language. You, you, you speak every language. You know every fact about everything on earth at any given moment. It's all in your head. Right? There's no questions. There's no, you have No dick mouth. You can't even enjoy food. You have no mouth. Yeah, dude. Well, if I got a dick and you got a mouth, dude, let's party food's, food. Second s party. I'm catching a bj, I don't get a, I'm a fucking alien. Imagine that. Getting head from an alien. Imagine you wake up and you're in the middle of the night and like you're having a crazy sex dream and you're like, oh my God. Like you, you're getting like, you ever have a dream when you're having sex? Yeah. You think, you think in the dream you're actually having sex.


Oh dude. Because it feels real. Guys come in their pants. Oh, I had a dream. I was on an airplane one time, dude. I was flying in Philadelphia. Right. And I had a dream that I was doing oral sex, right? Yeah. And, and I was just kind of like that in the air. And this old dude fucking shook me and he was like, get it together. Whoa. I was on the plane. It was just He Told you to get it together. Well, yeah. Was slurping was eating air pussy. Dude. Whatcha talking about? Yeah. I think at that point, at that point, it's okay if somebody shaking. Imagine, Imagine if you open your eyes and an alien was blowing you. Oh, I Bet. It's like, and you just feel trapped. You're paralyzed. The alien is just sucking your dick, looking you in the eyes. Just big insect eyes just no. Could you imagine?


No dude, bro. The fuck's demon king. That's a real horror movie. Could You imagine you're paralyzed and an alien is sucking your dick. What sound does it make? I bet it makes it sound like a slurpee. Like they, they over exaggerate. They give you like a caricature version Of Our porn films. We know they like it when you make a lot of noise. They're gonna be gagging, But they're not even moving. It's just a feeling and making the noise. Or it also has that light. You know, like whenever you make a Xerox copy of something in that fucking like packet like that, I wouldn't even want that.


Dude. What was I seeing the other day they were having gay animals now? Is that They were having gay, what are you saying? If You pull that up, Jimmy, if you see anything of it or that animals, what kinda Request is that? Well, I'm just saying if you see Bro animals fuck couches, they fuck your leg. Okay. You have A dog. Well some of them dogs will grab ahold of your leg. They know your leg isn't a female dog. They don't care. They grab ahold of your leg. Does that mean he's gay? No. It means he's crazy horny. But no, I was seeing something where they were trying to have a high, it's like a upscale meat or beef that comes from a gay. Why this one? Hold on. This. Why are scientist ignoring All the gay animals?


Go down to that? Cause it wasn Fucked. It's a great question. There's a study this, this is like those that James Lindsay, Helen pluck bros. Peter Bagian thing. What does it, what does it say? Can I read the, the headline? Why are scientists ignoring All the gay animals? Yeah. Ima imagine like you're a scientist And you know, you're trying to figure out how old the universe is and that that's the complaint you read first thing in the morning and you're like, hey, hey, hey, hey. There's other shit to worry About. Hey, you telling me this otter ain't a homosexual? I'm trying to figure out how old the fucking universe is. That's why there's not a lot of federal funding for gay animals.


Oh, there is now. I bet, bro. You have To get funding for this stuff. I'm sure we spent a bill on it. Dude. Yo, that was another thing that was crazy about the Harris campaign was when you found out that they can pay activist groups. They give, give donations to activist groups. Like large sums of money Activist groups. Like What? So that these people will endorse them. Oh, I see. There's an accusation that she gave. What's that dude's name? Who's on N-M-S-N-B-C? The old dude Don Leonard? No, no, no, no, no. Tom Leonard. You you buying two names. Don Lemon and who?


Sugar Ray Leonard Don Lemon. That's what you did. Yeah. Yeah. Dude. Hey bro. I you, No, Al Sharpton. Don's got a, Don's got a little more sugar than Ray Leonard I think too dude, to be honest. No judgment dude. But I'll tell you this Bro. That's maple syrup. Gay Animal meat bro. Gay animal meat is gonna be the new thing. You're telling me you're at a restaurant, right? Right. They'll be you a gay lamb And they're like, Hey, okay you can have this lamb. Yeah. $70 this shank. Or You can have this sweet little lamb shank over here. Yeah. This one for 90 bucks. Yeah. The best of both worlds. So it's got the firmness of male. Yeah. Well also has that sweet tenderness of female. Yeah. It's also been basted from the inside.


You know, I think there's, you tell me you're not gonna get a gay steak dude for an extra 20 bucks. You're not gonna try. Well, Especially if you're LBGT friendly. You wanna support the gay steak market. You have to. Yeah. That's The like They start cheating though and encouraging straight cows to fuck each other Just because they want, they, because they Realize there's more money in gay steaks. Yeah. You're like, I'll take a steak. You're like, he's gay. Like listen, you fucking better be Buddy In the attention market that is social media. There has to be a few people out there that are pretending to be gay that aren't like, here's a good example. Oh for sure. Here's a good example. There were a bunch of girls and people got mad at them because there hot female only fans girls and they started putting fake dicks in their, in their pants.


Okay. And pretending that they're trans. 'cause that was getting them a lot more views. Oh. So apparently the way to get a lot of views is to be a really hot trans person. Hmm. Like really hot trans people are in right now. Oh. Like really hot Like a girl. Like a super hot girl with a hog on you With this smoker. Big old, big old hog on you. So people got mad and started saying that my identity is not your costume. Like the actual trans, Like a cultural appropriation kind of. Yeah. But Like, hey. Right. Aren't you doing that? Aren't you doing that? You have a dick and you're saying you're a girl.


And then these girls who don't have a dick are putting a dick on and you're saying you can't do that. Oh. So they're all, this is Crazy. Yeah. It's like we're caught in a blender. Dude. First of It's very shortsighted because you should be protran even if it's fake trans. Right. If that would make more people into trans people, that'd be better for everybody. Right? No matter what. Now are some people, It's a famine thinking. Are there really some people, are people born with wiener and breast? Is that a real thing? I have not heard of that. But I know that some guys do have problems with their breasts. Like there's a thing when guys take steroids, they develop something called tica and MCA is an enlargement of the breast tissue.


I know guys who have had to get their nipples cut open and they have to get that removed and then sewn back together again. It's like a serious operation. But so are some people. But that is, that's breast tissue because they take so much testosterone that their body starts producing extra estrogen. Okay. And then they get titties as a side effect. Yeah. I don't, I hope I'm not fucking that up. That's what I've been told. I'm pretty sure that's how it goes. But the point is, that's the only time I've ever heard of like with a dick and tits. But some people are born with both genitals, right? Yes. That's a little different. Right? That's pretty rare. That's called a hermaphrodite or no, I think they call them intersex now. People are always trying to come up with new names.


Oh yeah. My buddy buddy had these growing up. That's hot Tits. Normal breast tissue hormone imbalance causes swelling, First of all Causes some sweet titties. Yeah. First batch I ever saw where my buddy shout out to him. I, I'll tell You what, if I could just crop out that right tit, I could, I could rub one off to that Right. T dude, I used to look at my buddy like that. If you go back to That tip, please, you go back to his, it's his left. Mm. He gets That. So his left, it's like, no, no, no. I don't wanna see those. The technical, the actual one. So if you just cropped in his left. His left. That one. Yeah. Look at that. Just crop in that. Remove all side of hair. Look at that.


Look at that little milk porch. He's on him by the bro. That's like a, a hot athletic girl's boob. Oh damn brother. That's a fucking little nerve brain. We Don't really need to Don't, don't do that James. Sorry. That's a lot dude. But I'm telling you this, you telling me this, if you don't, you make a stake outta that man, you're not gonna pay an extra 30 bucks. Yeah. And then the problem would be they would start only fan models with the bulge. Oh see? Oh That's it. So, so they're doing it perfectly. A lot Of people. But do what if, do you think though, this is what I wonder sometimes. Do you think that science has us headed? So we were all that everyone is gonna be trans at what? Like it's like it's all merging. Yes. Yeah. I think we're gonna be genderless Really go to that article again.


I wanna see what they were saying. What would they say? They said it was only two of 'em. I don't know how. Oh, it could have spread since I, not on my Instagram. S September. So this gang of, they might have started a trend. They're all over the place. OnlyFans models. Can I just read that? Yeah, yeah. OnlyFans models are targeted by online L-G-B-T-Q mob after posing in underwear with fake bulges. That's so crazy. That's so cra. That's so hypocritical. I wonder, dude, I heard jelly rolls got that thing on 'em. I heard he is got a reel. I bet he does. Look at that. Just two boys being silly alongside a trans flag. How can you get mad? How can you get mad?


Got that donkey on him. But You, you can't get mad because that violates like you are saying that your standards are more important than them doing this thing to get attention. Yeah. That your standards of what's real is not real. Like no, no, no, no, no. Right. It doesn't work that way. Like, because the only way, because then it's only your standards. 'cause if you want that kind of a strict control of the way people view things, you're gonna allow people to turn that on you. And there's gonna be way more people that have a hard time with you saying that you are a woman when you have a dick than there's gonna be for a bunch of girls who just wanna take pictures where they have fake bulges. Yeah.


That doesn't make, you're just being a control freak. Like you don't, you can't have no fake trans people, but only real trans people. But don't let anybody. Right. It's like you can In control of who decides what's real and what's not real. Right. It's almost the same with like a lot of cultural appropriation stuff, but a certain point. It just gets ridiculous. It's like you can, You know, did you See that one dude who faked it for like six months Faked being black? He, he Faked. No, you can't do that anymore. I'm not doing it. No. He faked being a woman. You know that dude, he was on like one of those reality shows and he had All the tattoos. He was like good looking guy. Which, which is why it was crazy. And he said he was transitioning And it was just a troll.


He did it for like Six months. He was meeting chicks? No, Just like making videos online Where people matter. Oh no, I didn't see that. But he, he kept it up forever. That dude explaining Josh Cedar's trans hoax alleged fake death. And why Monica Beverly Hills is involved. I don't know who Monica Beverly Hills Is. Me neither. So this guy, it was very smart. He said he is been undergoing a crash out of most epic, out of the most epic proportions. And somehow RuPaul's drag races doll Monica Beverly Hills is involved. Is this like a far left wing blog? 'cause the way they're writing this is like Yeah, it's Called them.


Okay, well that makes sense. Them us. It's Called, first of all it's called them us. Yeah. I was like, what is the, I don't understand what the tone of this article is. So go back to it now. So he was pretending to be Trans Joe? Yes. Okay. For a long time. Okay. Okay. Here it goes. Scroll up a little bit. So, oh, here it goes. The former reality star TV star has gone viral on social media for the worst reasons. That's definitely not the worst reason. Yeah. Allegedly faking his own death and claiming it was a hack as well as pretending to be trans. And posting photos of himself in feminine clothes is an experimental mockery of trans people that he claims is exposing the woke mind virus.


But that's not the worst reason. It's the worst reasons is like, you killed a bunch of folks. The worst reasons you lit a school on fire. That's the worst reasons. Like, that's not the worst reasons for going viral. He goes, why did he pretend to be trans? He came out as a trans woman. He gave interviews with public like page six. But are there people that aren't? He came out as a trans. So this guy just pretended to be trans for a long time. A long time. So he was making a mockery of them. He said five months. So he did it for five months. So What I did was fake me In October, five months later, he said that he was actually, it was all a social experiment on an episode of the conservative podcast, prime time with Alex Stein Cider said the purpose was to expose how gullible and delusional the left is.


What I did is I fake being a faker. He said I pretended to be a pretender, but yeah. Well that's right. The thing is like, people don't want to admit that he's correct because it makes you insensitive. But what he's saying is like, logical. Right? It's logical. And so what if people are actually trans or some people are actually trans? You'd have to ask them. Okay. Therein lies the problem. I see. I think there are people that are not though. There's people that are perverts for sure. And pretend to be trans so they can go to women's rooms for sure. Oh yeah, yeah. For sure. That's at LAX for sure. I'm not accusing all of 'em, I'm just saying. No, but it, I've seen it. There's, you're going to have that. If you have this thing, this new thing, this new hole, this new thing.


When I was a kid, if a guy in a, with a beard and a dress tried to go into the women's room, men would go in there and beat the fuck out of him. Yeah. They, they wouldn't let that happen. It's that they would say, oh, that guy's a pervert. And if a woman went into the men's room, we'd tell her to burn a couple of her friends. You know, I just saying, but still in a respect way, saying this about, or you would guard the door while they were urinate. And that was another thing. If a woman said, I really need to urinate in here, You know? Yeah. Well, no one would care. The added thing is he po a parent maybe had a relationship with this Monica Beverly Hills person. Oh, is Monica Beverly Hills a gay guy? It's a, a contestant from Drag Race. Oh. So then this Person like tried to out them, I guess. And then he denied it. And then I guess there might be evidence of it.


Oh, So that's, they're saying that he might have done this all in retaliation for this. See, that's what happens a lot of times is people will, I know that's Right. I just, I just read that. Well, listen for whatever, maybe the guy's gay and he pretended to be a woman. He, he's not a woman. All right. So maybe he had a, a gay relationship with a drag queen. Or maybe it's not even a gay relationship if it's a drag queen. I don't remember anymore. Yeah. I don't know what the new regulations are. All I'm telling you is, I dunno what the new Regulations are. All I'm saying is if you wanna be a person who is open-minded and who's compassionate and who wants to let people live and let live, you can't get mad at these girls putting rubber dicks in their pants.


You can't. It's too Stupid. Well, it's like somebody dressing up, like for someone for Halloween, I feel like, right? Yeah. A little bit. But you can say that's what they're doing though. I see what you're saying. You know, so you're saying you're making a, you're making your own Halloween. Yeah. So You can't be upset. We make a Halloween. You can, you can say you're a girl. Yeah. You can say you're a girl and you can be a guy with a Beard. Lemme think About it nails and say you're a girl, but you can't make me go along with it. I see what you're saying. I'm not saying that you can't say you're a girl. I'm not saying that you can't call yourself a new name, but if we're in this weird, aggressive situation and you want me to say you're a girl, so that you can go do girl things in the girl's room and like, you can't make me agree to that. Right. That's, that's where it gets crazy.


Yeah. Like, if you're not infringing on anybody else's space, there's a reason girls don't wanna be in a fucking bathroom with dudes. Yeah. And if it's like trans men in the men's room, men don't give a fuck because women aren't going in there to rape men. Right. Right. So that's the difference. They're women that think they're men. No one cares. If a woman who thinks she's a man wants to enter into men's sports, no one's gonna stop her. Right. And because sometimes it's all one direction, isn't it? Isn't it always men going to women's stuff? Well, for sports for sure. Look, there have been women that are, that have turned trans and competed against boys that it ha it definitely has happened. But the striking dominance that you see where trans men or trans trans women, biological men who identify as women compete against regular biological women in sports.


Yeah. Isn't, it's crazy. You, you get people with like, I would listen when a, It's just, it's a delusion. Yeah. It's just a delusion that you shouldn't let in. If you wanna have an all trans league do that. That's what we should do. I feel like it, it seems like there should be that. So that then you can't, this Is a cheat code. You can't just say you're a girl. You're not a girl. Let's do a DNA test. Let's do a chromosome test. Oh look, XY you're a guy. Will DNA tell you the truth every single time? Well, that answer always be the, your Fucking chromosomes will. Okay. So there's no Look, there's gonna be a variable thing. There's gonna be a thing even with that. Right? So if you have like male and female, all male and all female are not created equal.


No. There's a giant curve between like the most manly man and the most womanly man. Oh yeah. And then the most manly woman and the most womanly woman. Like there's this giant fucking curve that all it means to be a human being. I can't tell you where you are in that curve. Yeah. I don't know what you or you man, you'd be you. I'll Be, I'm doing fine. I want you to be happy. But you can't pretend you're in that other group. You can't. Especially if you are the male pretending you're a female. Yeah. And you want to enter into like, women's rooms. You can't do that because there's too much of a potential for that to be abused by creeps. So what's the solution? I don't know what the solution is. I don't know. You know, individual bathrooms.


What About that family restroom? That always has. Dude, I'll tell you this. The worst thing is, Oh, that one with the diaper table. Yeah. That one special bathroom, big Bathroom, got the diaper table. You gotta change diapers. It's got that Australian diaper table in it or whatever. You're like, what is this for? And you don't Even, you don't even have a diaper, but you do have a hog and, and a dress. Yeah. And you're like, I'm just gonna use this one. Just not freak anybody out. Like Shelly roll dude. He's got that hog on him, Huh? Yeah, but he's, I clearly identifying as a male. Oh Yeah. No one's denying. But If he wasn't and then he had that big old hog. Keep him outta the women's room. I'm Just saying he's got that missile toe on him. I heard, You know, that's what I heard, dude. I heard he is got that, you know that thing that cops throw out to get the car to stop if it's going real fast?


Oh, Those, those, those nails on the strip. I'm just saying. I heard he's got that rope on him. Boy. Damn. So whatever dude, stay black homie. That's what Joey Diaz always says, Stay black. That's The best, that's The most important thing. Oh my God. Have you ever seen the video where, speaking of Alex Jones, where Joey Diaz and Alex Jones, Alex Jones is trying to calm Joey Diaz down and I'm next to him. I'm just crying, laughing. And Joey's telling some story about how he smuggled, he smuggled weed through the airport under his nut sack that they didn't catch him. And then like, what kind of fucking security do we have here? Like, see if you can find it. 'cause it's, I am like literally crying, laughing.


Like I can't breathe. I'm fucking crying. I haven't seen that. I'm trying to think of what I've seen. And Joey's going off, and this is, you know, Alex Jones of like the early two thousands. No, I saw they, they got that new tariff in New York City. Do you see that? Nine bucks to drive into the city now That's so crazy. During congestion time. So during, that's so crazy. I think it's 5:00 AM to two. They're just trying to ruin that city, man. Well, I just wonder what will that, like, who does, obviously it hits everything, hits people that don't have money the hardest. Right. You know, we were talking about how once people have power over you, once they have control over you, they never wanna let that go. Oh, for Sure. The East coast is a great example of that. And one of the best, best examples is the tolls.


The tolls were supposed to be created to pay for the city to build the the roads. Right. Build the bridges. But they paid for it a hundred times over once it's already been paid. Right now you're just stealing money from people because you can. Yeah. So then they just fill their coffers up, then fill their bureaucracy and fill their red tape to justify all this money coming in. It's all a, it's all a scheme. This is Joey on the Alex Jones show. It's long. But 2010 Michael Jackson, I watched, I watched this. They're just better at covering up what they did cover. They kill Michael Jackson. I don't know. Look at the movie. He was dancing and singing and next, You know, he's dying. Oxygen. No, not, not right. A junkies, a junkies, a junkies a junkie every day. He doesn't wake up singing dance. And then he has oxygen tanks at night.


Something's not right there. And in my case, like old school, you are worth more dead than what you are alive. You understand me? You ain't Now they got a new record coming out. You ain't in dead no more. He's doing a tour next year with the people from Vegas that jump up and down the blue band group, whatever the hell that is. I mean, he's worth more now than he's ever been. I think Paul McCartney killed Michael Jackson. That's what I think. If it was up to me, me knowing what I know, I smoke another joint. I'll break it down. I'll break it down. 'cause he bought the music from Paul McCartney didn't want to get it back to him. Right. And all of a sudden they, they put Paul McCartney in the Super Bowl. They tried to build up the Beatles to get their thing going. And all of a sudden, Michael Jackson. That's right Mike. I believe it, it Goes, it goes a lot longer.


The best is the end though. He says, stay black. Get, just get to the very back, Tommy. Listen to your bullshit Congressman or your bullshit governor, or even a bullshit president or somebody who's running for president and he's hitting you with that same four shit that they give you every four fucking years. And you still vote for the fucking Momo and then you get mad. Think about me saying the word word. Fuck with that. I'm out. I gotta go smoke a cigarette. Ah, hold on A minute. We gotta say bye here. Right. Making some very solid points. Don't do The, don't. No, I know. I Joey, you, you Get it. I'm with you. But this, just to let the American public know that every four years they buy the same shit they've been buying every four years. And the same people with their Harvard articulation and how they don turns and they're Christians and they have a family.


And these are the same people that shove it up your fucking ass every year. The one thing that you get about me is I'll say, fuck, but I will not fucking rob you. If I need something, I'll ask you like a man. Oh, you're good guy. Hey, hey. So go fuck yourself, you cop. Hold on. Hold on One second. Take a joke. Take a shuttle. Joey Diaz, Facebook, Twitter, check yourself before you wreck yourself big dicks in your ass. Get outta Here in trouble. He comes back. I I I think I'm power fire. This is the I'm throwing. All right. All right. Listen, stay black. 'cause that's the most important. Okay. Hey Joe, Over. Why we Even talking stay black dude, bro, they, we gotta start getting more. You're gonna, when are you gonna start to see people just identify as black?


Then You can't do that. They won't let you do that. Yeah, but that's what they said about everything. Yeah. But that one's been a hard line for a while. They used to be able to do blackface. Think about it. So many people did blackface in movies. Robert Duney Jr. Did blackface in the early two thousands. Rights. Good point. Jimmy Kimmel did It do, look at that movie Soul man. Remember the guy pretended to be black to get like a college Education. Tru Did it. Yeah, he did it. A lot of people did It. Lex Lter Holt. I don't even think he, he looks, I think that's his real skin color. You do? Yeah. I Think that is Okay. That's a rumor. The point Is that is it's going the other direction. It's not going the direction of like the Rachel do. Oh No, I think you're gonna have a real surgeon coming up.


Well, There are people that have tried it. The problem is now with 23 and me, it's real Hard to pull off Mike Perry. He's got 2%. He gonna tell, Hey, I ain't gonna tell him he ain't. You know what I'm saying? That's for sure. Dude. I ain't tell him. I ain't telling Mike Perry is a zebra. If he wants to be dude. But I'm not interested. Can You bring up people that are trying to be black and see like by texturizing their skin, there's new things, Joe? Well, I definitely think that people are taking pills. I've heard of that. Yeah. Darkening pills or Whatever. Yeah. There's some kind of medication that you can take.


Maybe it's a peptide that darkens your skin. Oh yeah. It may, it may be a peptide, but I've heard of it. It might even have some weird, like melanin name, like Mulan Lanolin or something like that. Yeah. I don't remember though. But I do remember seeing it on an internet article where, you know, it was like, how far are people going to like look different and all different shit that people are doing. Dark Buddy or whatever. They're calling it Dark Buddy. Yeah. They call it Dark Buddy. And you just like take a couple pills of it. Oh, you're thinking to Justin Trudeau doing blackface. He's dude, you know, he just retired. He's just retired. Yeah. That's Crazy. Well, he had, he's stepping down till they find they're gonna have to find a replacement and then he Leaves. I liked him better when he was black.


That, that was very brief I think. But Still dude's a fucking vibe then bro. People have hammered on that guy. So many. But did you see For Right. So man, that guy, guy is a Creep. Well he, he doesn't seem like he has seems Like a communist. Any strength inside of him of his own. No, no, no, no. It seems that's fake. And he almost seems like a character from a Charles Dickens novel Bring if you bring up that, his retirement speech from the other day. Yeah. Well it's fake. That's why He was like, oh father, It's fake. It's all fake. He's like a fake progressive. The whole thing's fake. That's why he was an authoritarian. And he kept cracking down on, on people's rights. And they all really saw it during that trucker protest. 'cause that's when it was really in front of everybody's face where he couldn't ignore it.


Here's this guy who is trying to, he's freezing bank accounts from the people that donated money to the truckers. He is though. Yeah. I don't wanna listen to this. Fuck this guy. But he very much has a character from a Charles Dickens novel, doesn't he? He, It's, it's because it's performative. Look, He look AI though. Look at him. But if you go to see a movie about Charles Dickens, here's one thing. When you ever go to see like an old timey movie, everyone talks in a more elegant and sophisticated for manner. Hello La Yeah. There's, there's a difference to the way people talked in those like Dickens type. I've got rubella dead. Yeah. Tommy has rubella. You know why? 'cause it's fake. Right? Like that's how people used to make movies back Then.


Did people really talk like that back then? No. No. People talk the way they talk. It's just people were just not, well, they talked and they had different vernacular then than they do now. But people, when you're performing something, performing something was new, you have to think about this. If you go back and watch movies, like one of, one of the things that's great about the fact that we produce so much content is that what, what it's done the entire bank of All the content that people created since the beginning of television being started to the rock and roll boom of the 1960s to the internet, to all these d you can see the way people communicate evolves and changes.


And if you go back to the earliest representations of broadcast media in the country, everyone talks in a way that's not natural. James J Braddock like that. Here We are. Yep. A, B, C News World Report. Hitler has moved into, you know, it's like there's a way that they talk back then. And then there's, if you go watch those movies, they talked fake in the movies. Wow. Like Marlon Brando was the first guy to not talk fake. And everybody's like, What is this guy doing? It's revolutionary. He seems Like he's a real guy. Like no one even knew how to do that until Brando came along and did it. Yeah. And so then movies Ah, that's good. Became And then you get a guy, like a Daniel Day Lewis.


Yeah. You know, where does he come from? Well, he comes from this entire evolutionary tree of people figuring out what's the best way to pretend publicly. And the way that they would do it in the Charles Dickens movies Yeah. Was a primitive way. It's like when you're watching Albert Is sick. Todd Rudolph the Red Nose reindeer was on the other day was, it was like Christmas around the house. Oh yeah. The the old one. The claymation one day. Yeah. When the snow was moving around. Rudolph like the snowman. Yeah. It's goofy as fuck. Santa looks goofy as fuck. It's terrible the way people Talk. Oh, that Santa, It seems so fake. But that was the standard. It's like $6 million.


Man was a good show. Okay. It was a good show. Right. That was the standard. The standard was terrible. Like we had a, a terrible standard for communication. Oh. That standard's changed over time. It's changed. So the people that are still doing it that way, it's glaringly obvious. Right. So what Justin Trudeau is doing, he's doing like a, a fucking strip club Dkng voice. Yeah. He, you know, he, he's like Lexus to the main stage. Yeah. Good evening. Manitoba. It's, you don't know who that guy is. You're not getting any of him. That is a mask. Yeah. You're not getting any of him. Well, he went to that tragically Hit concert. Is that the band tragically hit or whatever?


Huh? Tragically Hip. Yeah. He went to that concert and he wore a jean jacket and everybody thought he was like a vibe. And I think that's how he won that election or whatever. Wow. And you know, that's hilarious. And then he's Good looking. He's tall and he's charismatic. He's figured out a way to bullshit in the beginning before he had any power. It worked. Yeah. Because he sounded like a sensible guy. But people get revealed when they face pressure. And when he faced pressure during that trucker thing, then he showed his true cards. Do you think that they'll take Canada in to be the fifties first or second state? Whichever one it is. I think This is, is what I think. I think we take Canada and then we go right into Mexico. Let's Fucking go. Woo. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I said I tweeted out today. You did. I tweeted today.


I didn't see that. We, we Should, we should let Mexico in too. I wanna Be fucking Mexican. Everybody keeps sneaking over. How about we just let him stay here? Yeah. Huh. Just like, how about we go into that? How about what I said, how about what he said, like instead of trying to like let All the bad stuff in, how about we make this like totally locked down safe and then expand safety, expand it. But you gotta do it without stripping people of their rights. It's a lot. It's a lot. But also there's some big problem, like Poland doesn't let anybody enter or out of their country. Is that right? They don't fuck around dude. Poland doesn't, doesn't, they don't fuck around with Poland. And that's why, like why isn't, why don't, some countries like, well I guess America is kind of this, it's kind of a halfway house of like ideals Over the years it feels like, you know, it feels like, like I always thought there was this idea idea of this is an American, this is what we do, you know, it's kinda like how you were brought up like with the Pledge of Allegiance, civics class, all that type of stuff.


Like this is what it means, like forward tough type vibes, you know? Yeah. But then it, everything kind of of changes over time. And now I feel like it's, we don't know what America is. And I think that's the part that seems super scary to people sometimes. Well, that's the part that's easy to manipulate, right? So in this moment of chaos that we're talking about, I don't know what America is anymore. That's when you get all these fucking activist groups that are not real. That's when you get this discourse online, that's when you get people attacking and you get real people that get caught up in it too. And they're getting you caught up in it as well. Because all these people, like people are super addicted to arguing with stuff online. And I, you know, I see like otherwise very reasonable people that are on Twitter 12 hours a day and I just don't understand what the fuck is wrong with you.


Yeah. Otherwise, very reasonable, successful people. Like what, why are you doing this? Yeah. Some people tweet all day Elon tweets all day, all Day, All day. But it must be an addiction right? At this point. I mean, there's no way It has to be. It has to. If it's real. Do you think it's really him doing it? Well that was the Andre Diman thing. That was the thing that people were saying that this was a fake So was that proven that it wasn't him? I I, I've been trying to track that down to I have no idea what's, I'd, I'd heard that it was proven that it wasn't him because this guy who sounds like Elon was doing something while Elon was playing Diablo live. Yeah. They Had him talk to each other, I think in a space. Right. And they were talk, they were definitely both making noise at the same time.


But again, like without seeing both the also, I've never seen a picture of the other guy. I don't think That could be ai. Yeah. Right. You're told me a guy like Elon couldn't like just for funsies rig, something like that. You have fun way to test it. He's catching rockets with robot arms. You know? You don't think he could figure that out? Yeah, he could figure that out. He would, he could have the algorithms talk to each other. I think there's, You know, they can already translate your, your language. The, you know, the, they can take whatever you're saying right now and your podcast and they can translate it to German, they could translate to Spanish, they could translate it to anything. If they can do that, they could for sure have a version of you that's quick enough with AI that it could respond like a person would.


Yeah. Well it's just, it's all gonna be interesting because now there's, there used to be places, if you didn't like what was going on, you could sail off to another place. But there's not that many of those places anymore now. No. And that's one of the reasons why we gotta protect America. We gotta protect freedom because if they can lock down on us, we are the last beacon of hope for the world. And I, I know that sounds ridiculous. Oh, you Guys are so ridiculous. Help So Egocentrical, Look what's happening to Europe. Look at the chaos. Look at the chaos. Look at, look at what's happening in terms of like how people are upset at their political parties. Look at what's happening with Palestine and Israel.


Look what's happening with Ukraine. And Russia. Did you see that fucking bomb that went off today? You wanna see something nuts? I don't know if that's real. You don't know if it's real. I Don't think though. I, I'm, I, yeah, for real. I think you sent me in the middle of the night. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think so. Yeah, I was taking a shit. Oh yeah. And I was like, Jamie needs to know about this one. Oh yeah, dude. I don't like shitting at night. 'cause sometimes I'll, I'll go back to sleep while I'm sitting there and my legs will fall asleep. You ever that happen to you bub? Yes. And then you try to get up and you're like, I'm stuck here. I'm shit island. Yeah. Your legs go numb and then you, you fall down and hurt yourself. You just imagine if that's how you hurt yourself, like slipping with your pants down by your ankles and your numb ass stupid legs.


You bang your fucking head into the nightstand, like, ow. And your wife's like, is this who I married? Ow. Yeah. You're the protector. You cad yourself in the toilet room, slamming your head off the fucking doorknob, Don in a big circle in the middle of your forehead for a month. Yeah. Every time she looks at you, she looks At you with your stupid fucking bruise, your pants down by your ankles and you half wiped ass. Yeah, Dude, my mom used to always come. We doze off on the shitter as children. You know, my mom would always come in there and rescue us or whatever, you know? That's hilarious. Pretty cool. Well, now it must be more common because of phones. Oh yeah.


People All the time Spend way more time. A lot of crazy stuff happening. You know, the Asians can't eat hot dogs anywhere. I just saw that the other day. They're, They can't, as a general rule, They're not allowing it. North Korea, what Were you just looking up, Jamie? The Ukraine hypersonic thing. Yeah. You need to see this. I I, I've already, I've how to shoot down. It's, I don't think that video's real. I'll just start there. You son of a bitch. But there's already saying like, don't believe the hype from a 2023 Ukraine and the Kinsel missile don't believe the hypersonic hype. Well, I remember in the beginning of the war, there was a bunch of footage that turned out to just be video games. It was going everywhere because people can make money from clicks.


Right? So that's what that Look like. But that I said that explosion's Not real. Can I see that again? It's not Real. I just, Well, everything's just dangerous. Now How do you know that's not real? That when it comes up here, that video of that bomb and that tree line, that's two, someone edited to that part. Those two things aren't the same. In what way? Just, I'm just my history of looking at this stuff a lot. So It's a lot of separation right there. Oh, see That line? But if it's far enough away for the curvature of the earth, wouldn't that All right?


In theory it could be real, but this is the only video of this that exists. Right. And no One else is claiming that this is real anywhere else online. Right. What I'm seeing though is that that thing that you're looking at in the background is elevated. Right. So that, that would indicate to me hills and valleys. So that means the bomb could be going off in the valley below that. And I don't know how far down that is. So if you're talking about an area like this could be Utah, right? So like if you, if you were taking a photograph in certain, it Looks like Utah, it's got a soccer field. Oh yeah. Where is that? Do they play a lot of soccer In Ukraine, Utah. Oh, Ukraine. They probably do. Right? So see what I'm saying?


Like that could be far enough over that hill where you get that effect of separation and still be natural. I It, the way that it even looks though, it looks like someone's got a TV behind another thing and they're showing an explosion of a tv. It the right, the way that that looks is not even right. It does Look like a little Exposed correctly, if you will. Right. Even when it pulls away, it gets weird. Yeah. It looks grainier. And I don't know how you would be filming that to catch a hypersonic missile. It says it was a us people, a reporter accidentally films it like, okay. Yeah. Really? Again. And it's going slow at that point too. Lemme Say it again. Well, it's hard, it's perspective thing. Like it might look that's true. Slower than it is because, you know, it's covering a lot of distance.


That looks like Terminator too. Really? That's kind of like Starts, it's hard too because like, we're probably looking at cell phone footage and cell phone footage is still not that good. So bizarre. They keep making it better and better, but, and It gets worse and worse. The photos do. Well See, well first of all, like drones, I have not seen one good cell phone drone video. So all that argument about like if UFO's real, where the fucking videos, everyone's got a phone. Those are, those arguments are now out the window because we know the drones are real. Right? Here's the, so we don't what, sorry. Here's the result for that kinzel missile thing. Like it just starts talking about it. Oh, oh. The type of missile that they're saying that that was, If that was a real video, it in theory would be everywhere.


Yeah, It would be everywhere. What do you mean? There would be a bunch more results saying like, look at this crazy video of this missile going off. Oh, I see, I see. Not just, so that's only, there's only one video, one video on Instagram. There's no other reports of that. That bomb going off like that. I don't feel like would look at the account that posted it and start looking at some of the other shit they posted. It's a little What is Oh, it's a shit poster. What, what was that one though that did blow up? Was it in Iran or in Syria recently where they hit some ammo depot. The Israelis did. And it looked crazy. And that was a real one. That was, I remember that. Yeah. You remember that one? Beirut, I think was a, I think you're right. I think you're right. That's Heartbreaking. Oh, it's so scary.


You watch the, the amount of explosion when it hits. You're like, Jesus, check this out. Oh, this is a different one. But this is another one that's crazy. This is an ammunition depot building that blows up. But watch this. Oh, You're lying, Bro. How fucking scary is that? So play that back again. That's real. Watch this. Yeah. That's what it looks like when one of them things blows up. Yeah. That's crazy. Could a Kevlar thing help you from that? A Kevlar? No, No, no, no, no, no, no. Everyone's getting smushed. Ugh. Especially if you're close. The buildings are getting eliminated. And what can you hide behind?


Like what type of thing would you do there? You, There's nothing. You're not gonna do anything. You're gonna get vaporized. But yet it's only about how much distance you are from that blast. Here's one too. Yeah, this is the one. The aerial Siri. That's right. The Syrian army one. Check this out. See if You can do it from the beginning. It's fucking bananas, dude. Watch this. Might have a different video. Look at this. Boom. This just happened A couple weeks ago, maybe three weeks ago. It says, fuck, look at that. And that was in Syria. What did they do wrong? The way you just phrase that was so funny. Oh yeah. I don't, I don't know If you really wanna pay attention.


You, you have to go down multiple rabbit holes. Okay. But you know, Assad was just removed as the dictator of Syria. Okay. What's that, Jamie? I thought you did, he did get removed. Right. And is he dead or is he, 'cause there was reports that he was in a plane, the plane was shot outta the sky. But then there was reports that he landed in Russia. So I don't even know what's true. Did did he get a shot outta the sky or was that, that was like a story that was in the news. I do remember hearing that. And It's not saying he's dead when I Google his name. Hm. Are the stories still up that says his plane got shot outta the sky? Because I remember they, there were stories that said his plane got shot outta the sky.


And then there was some Twitter story saying that he was, that he landed in Russia. I was like, what is going on with this? But they wanted a regime change and they got it. How hard was it for him to get I, You know, that's the problem. If you wanna go down this rabbit hole and have a conversation with like Dave Smith about it, he'll, He knows. Yeah. He'll, He'll take you down a rabbit hole. He's an interesting guy. Huh? He knows a lot. He's very smart. Huh? Very, Very smart. He knows a lot. He knows a lot. And he like legitimately knows a lot. He's not bullshitting about what he knows. Yeah. And that's why he gets these, these guys, they get cocky and they wanna have, like Chris Cuomo wanna have a debate with him and he just trounces them. Yeah. He him because he knows what he is talking about.


He's and he's not lying. Right. The difference between a guy like, like any of these CNN type media. Yeah. Darling types who pushed the fucking covid narrative and push every mainstream narrative. Those guys, there's, that's a very specific kind of mindset. It's a, a bullshitter mindset. And those guys all melt in front of actual conversations with people like Dave Smith who know what they're talking about are not ideologically captured. Yeah. Because there's certain things you just can't argue. You can't argue that it, it's a, a good idea to do certain things. And if you have not made that conclusion in your mind, you're still thinking like you're employed at CNN.


You're never gonna beat a guy like Dave Smith in a conversation. You're you. 'cause he's not gonna argue with you. If you're right. If you're right, he's gonna agree with You. Yeah. He seems so locked in these People that are, they're doing a totally different thing. Reuters reports. Assad may have died in plane crash later. Removes report. Well, they got the call So he escaped I guess. But yeah, so they're, they got the call regime is gone and down and he, I have seen no more updates other than this that I don't know Where he is. Yeah. Do you believe that we still can get real news information, Joe? Not from me. Speaking of which, I have to correct something. 'cause there was a conversation that I had with Giannis Papas and Krista Stefano.


We were talking about John Jones. I, I had heard a rumor that John Jones wanted $30 million to fight Tom Aspenal. And I did hear that rumor and I did hear that the UFC said yes, but it is not true. So Dana contacted me and said that rumor's bullshit. So I felt obligated to tell everybody that was, that was a fake rumor. I don't even remember who, because we did that podcast. Unfortunately we did that podcast two weeks ago. Yeah. I don't remember who told me that. What do you think the amount is that John Jones would fight him for? Or do you think it's an amount? Well, apparently John is thinking about retiring. Yeah. And he should, I mean he's going to have to someday. He should. I I'm not saying he should retire. I'm saying he should think about it. Give the man All the time he wants.


He can fight whenever he wants to fight. That's John Jones. He's the goat. So leave him alone. If he decides one day to come back and he comes back and he wants to fight Tom Aspenal for the, the heavyweight title, the question is like, how long are you allowed to hold onto the title before they start having that conversation. Now he just knocked out deep miocic. So give the man months, give the man five or six months, just leave him the fuck alone. But at a certain point in time, you have to decide who the heavyweight champion is. And if Tom is the interim heavyweight champion and John decides he doesn't wanna fight anymore, he could do that. And he could do that also. And then come back in a year and fight for the title. He could do that. Yeah. Like he could do whatever he wants, but he might decide, you know what?


Had an unbelievable career. Never lost except the disqualification lost to a rule that has since been reversed. He's the goat, he retires, he's got plenty of money. He's got a opportunity to do some acting. Yeah, He's, he's an interesting character to me. 'cause he seems like them. He seems unique kind of. Oh, He's very unique. Yeah. Like you can, he seems hard to pinpoint kind of. Does that make any sense or no? No, but that doesn't ever stop me from conversations with you. Thanks dude. I don't require you to make sense. Yeah. He just seems that would so boring. Yeah, that's true. Imagine if I were, listen Theo, I really love you.


I love talking to you about, you gotta make sense. Imagine that would ruin our whole relationship. That's true. That would be, That would be the most ridiculous requirement. Well, you know what Joe said to me? People go, what? That is so fucked up. Why would he say that? God gimme one of those gay steaks. Huh? Those stakes are 30 bucks more. God damn It comes out. They fucking pull it outta You. Tell me. Queer shoulders $9 more per pound. They serve it in a, a high heel shoe. The waiter takes it outta the shoe plates. It, The waiter just kind of scoops it onto your tongue.


Yeah. I call it a Juicy Santana. The the, but they're gonna, they're gonna start, it's gonna start happening. They're gonna start getting these LG BT Q meats. They're gonna start getting, what's the D You put a D in there. I dunno. They probably forget You said LGBD. I dunno. Dude. They keep putting other stuff in there. It's so new ones. Yeah. They always add ones. But the, the one that pisses me off the most, the add the A. That's asexual. Hey, stay out of it. This is not you. Why are you in there? Yeah. See it's like the, it's the electoral college thing that I was talking about. Right. It's like gathered up this gang. We get enough Of like fucking Springfield, Ohio, come on in, come on in.


We can use your vote and then just pile it all up. Do you think it's a good idea to get rid of the electoral college? Do you think it should be one person, one vote? Yeah. I kind of do because I think it just, there's no way that it's like ask skew it all then, you know? Right. I feel like it's one person, one vote. That's it. Right. You know, I just worry about still like how many extra votes they had the one time, you know, if that was ever figured out or not. Nobody Figured it out. Which seems crazy. But I, there's Theories. I just wonder once our voting gets compromised, it's a rat. There's theories, but the theories suck. The numbers too big to me.


15 too many people, you look at the, like the graph of how many people voted, You know, for 2012, 2016 and then there's 2020. Yeah. It's bananas. People showed up And then there's 24. It goes back to normal again. And 24 is probably the most consequential election of our lifetime where people felt more nervous. Like if these motherfuckers get in charge one more time. Like we could get like literally invaded by terrorists. We could lose all of our rights to say things on the internet. They could, I mean they were talking about cracking down on hate speech online. Like the free speech is not hate speech that Tim Wal guy was actually saying that hate speech, free speech does not include hate speech.


Like what are you by whose fucking definition yours? A guy who thinks tampon should be in the boys room. Yeah. Like when Trump started calling him tampon Tim, that was like one of the, that's crazy. Of all his names, that's my all time favorite. It didn't get used that much 'cause he only had it for a couple of months. 'cause the guy went away as soon as the election was over. But tampon Tim is the best. Yeah, I think I, I, I'm amazed how quickly after the election everything just felt like, dude, People in New York, Ari was talking about it. He said people in New York, even though they didn't win, like their guy didn't win. They're happy. They, they didn't win. There's like a marked feeling of relaxation. Like, whew. Because people in New York are realizing your fucking city is under attack And now it's 18 bucks to drive in and out of it, it's $9.


It's under attack. And I don't even mean like invaders, but now there's that too. But there's also, your rights are under attack. You're being propagandized you, you're getting your, your finances drained. They're sucking money out of you and not providing good service. You have terrible leadership. You have corrupt leadership. You know when they saw it with Bill de Blassio and I think they thought it was gonna be better with Eric Adams and this Kathy Che ladies out of her fucking mind. Like you, you're watching these lunatics run that state and they're running it into the fucking ground and people have to wake up before the thing hits the rocks. Do you think we'll start to separate into different countries and states eventually? Like, or do you think new things like that will start to happen?


Or do you think we'll figure everything out? Well, we are different countries. We're the United States of America, but we're like Europe really. Like New York is so much different than Idaho. Yeah. You know, Iowa is so much different than Florida. You know, I mean yes, we all speak the same language, but how much different is Miami to Portland? I mean, they might as well be in another fucking country. Yeah. Like you might, you should have a passport to go to Miami. Yeah, you should. They should check your papers. If you wanna go to Miami. You just went to Cancuns, huh? You should have best Word to go to Eastern Washington too, dude. Yes. Yes. But it's like, where are a bunch of different spots?


And that's one of the things that makes it cool is that you can move to a new spot. But like you were saying earlier, like you can move to a new spot for now. Like we moved, we moved, you moved to Nashville. I moved to Texas, we moved because we didn't like the spot we're at. We found a spot that was like, this is better. Like this is more relaxing. I feel better this. But if you are under one universal control and that federal control controls all of the social issues, all of the contentious issues about whatever it is. Whether it's Second amendment, first amendment, abortion, immigration, whatever. If you have like central control, then you stifle the debate about what's best for the population.


Because when the people get into control, they enforce that and then they penalize the people that don't agree with them. And they make it like real obvious that you step outta line, they're gonna come get you and they're gonna arrest you just like they're doing in the UK while they're arresting people that are making Facebook posts. You bet your fucking ass. There's a lot of people that want to post things on Facebook and they don't. Yeah. 'cause they don't want to go to jail. And that's not good. It's not good. That's not good. That's the problem with centralized control. Yeah. I just saw a thing where they, oh yeah. Well that seems like the scariest thing because then it's like, well how do you think that people here are like people there? Or that the beliefs here are like the beliefs there. That's why I wish we almost had like places where it's like, okay, if this is how you believe, then this is a place for you.


Right. And if this is how you believe, then this is a place for you. Because I think if we have, you know, I don't think you have that many places. You need probably 10 or 11 places. Well, But then you get the problem of people coming into a place and deciding that they wanna put their own beliefs on this place and change the place. Yeah. That's where things get real weird. And you're seeing that with, You know, a lot of countries that are getting a lot of Islamic immigrants and they want to enforce Sharia law and they wanna do it in their neighborhoods and do it in their communities. And what is that thing? Is this bullshit? 'cause I was, there was some, some patrol group of Muslims in New York that were driving around in cars and they were dressed like cops.


And I saw that. I was like, is this rage bait? Is this click bait? Like what, what is this? What is this? I'm saying, yeah, this can't be real. So it was these guys dressed up like cops that had cars that looked like cop cars. That says something about like, like Could have been a music video or something. It could be. It could be. Is it this, this is Five Years old Muslim community patrols protecting us mosques. So are they just security guards that are around mosques? Is that what it is? And people are blowing this up. Yeah, that's what it is. Okay. I Just saw two, a election count. The numbers are pretty similar from 2020 to 2024. Everything Up. Now that they have everything, they Have 155 million votes for this.


Can we see it? The graph? Well I didn't, I I didn't see it on the graph. See, but the thing was, the graph was that there was 15 million votes, extra votes. But The graphs were made before the election. The accounts were all done. Hmm. Right. But wouldn't that mean, oh, so so now the numbers are high again. I mean, yeah, California didn't, didn't finish counting until like a week ago or Something like that. And they weren't done 30th for a long time. Are you serious? I don't know the actual date, but it was A long time. That's true. Trump was just talking about it. The California hasn't finished counting yet. It long bro. They're the worst. What are you, how could you take so long to count? Here's the best part. In every close race after prolonged counting for long periods of time, Democrats won. Yeah. The ones that were there. What are the odds?


The ones where you see like how many counties shifted red? That's the same thing. It's like people are getting fed up with it. Yeah, they're getting tired. They're sick. They're sick of bullshit. So, hey dude, we're gonna do my podcast and we're gonna do your podcast. Yeah. So this, this is what we're gonna do. Okay. So we will right now, we'll stop, we'll take a piss and then people that want to follow this conversation go to Po Vaughn's podcast and it'll be this from now out. Thank you Joe. I appreciate it. Yo. Oh listen, I appreciate you. Thanks for having me, man. We're gonna have fun tonight too. Yep. I'm excited. Oh yeah, I be at Shane's coming down. We're coming to the club. Joe Derro is here. Oh, we gotta let Shane out of that sauna. No, he's out. He's out. Oh yes. Okay. Yeah, it's a door out.


Yeah, he's a big boy. It's pickle me. No, I'm excited to see him. It'll be fun. Thank you bro. We good. Thank you. We all right, we'll be right back folks. On Theo show.