
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright, we're rolling. What's cracking? Oh man, my back just now. I just, oh, these chairs. It's fantastic. What is going on with your back? You, you've, you have, like, you've had back issues in the past, right? Oh, yeah. We talked about that the last time you came on. Well, I was born s sc you know? Yeah. So it's like, I bought just, I just bought my own penong so I could click the shit you remember here. Take all devices away from me. I, you remember, you remember clicking on the pen?


That's hilarious. Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm a fidget, you know, so I, let me take everything off. So it's, it's not good. Oh yeah. Born, born slightly s sc and then Of course I banged myself up over the years, you Know? Of course. What can you, what, when the, do they do anything other than surgery for people with scoliosis? They do, because I don't wanna do surgery. Once you start opening stuff up and fooling with it. Yep. There's no going back, you know, Especially the back. Yeah. Back is a rough, I never met anybody that had like fusions or anything where it turned out good. No. And like, Hippocrates, you know, the father of medicine, he said in any ailment, look first to the spine.


And it was like, he's kind of Right. Yeah. It emanates from the, from the core. Well, if your back is fucked up, everything's fucked up. Yeah. You know, no matter how strong your arms and legs are, if your back is fucked up, you're, you're in trouble. Yeah, that's true. Your brain. Yeah. Everything, everything goes to hell. Yeah. Well, you're in pain All the time. Yeah. People with back problems, like, they can't think straight. 'cause you're always like, You know, it's always, There's a gift to not thinking straight. Hmm. Tell me, tell me more. I wanna know. Well, it Actually takes you down some pretty weird paths. You know, if you're happy All the time, I don't know. You don't have you, you don't have to strive to find thoughts to make yourself happy.


Right. So it's like, it's a good, it's a good, it's a good predisposition. I think I Agree to that. Yeah. I think being happy All the time is a, it's kind of an unlikely scenario. No. Nobody is. Yeah. No. But we all want it. You notice, we all yearn for it. There's just in, that's the only thing we all want. Right, right. Just happiness, little peace. Well, It's also we're shown it like in, you know, television and movies. Sure. We we're shown happiness as this goal, like, seek happiness. Sure. Should be happy All the time. Happy should never be upset. Yeah. Well, It's not realistic.


It's completely unrealistic. However, it's nice to have those little journeys through art where you can actually explore those things. You can explore your s You can explore happiness and so you can experience the opposite. I look at situations around me and I, I generally feel pretty grateful for what some people go through. Sure. I'm Grateful and everybody's got their crap, you know, but like this morning for example, I would be surprised if my home is still there. Yeah. We were just talking about that. The Palisades is on Fire. Yeah. My friend Tom, Tom er his house is gone. Yeah.


Is Where he used to live. He sold it. Luckily. Yeah. I have a son, he's in the sort of volunteer fire brigade, Milo. I call him the mayor of Malibu. And he's running around and I asked him, how's things looking there, Milo? He says, not good pops. He says, you're a neighborhood. And he sent me a, a video of my neighborhood and it's in flames. It looks like an inferno. So, yeah. Do you think this will get you outta California finally? Yeah, maybe. You know, where you gonna go? Oh, I don't know. I got a place in Costa Rica. I love it there. Ooh, yeah. Costa Rica's nice. Yeah. I Bought there many years ago. Yeah. And it's, it's, it's in a real nice spot. It's not too touristy or, you know, dirt roads. So it's Off the beaten. Oh, nice. Off the beaten.


Does it feel safe out there? Pretty safe, I think. Look, it, no place is safe. I mean, you've got the Dary Yang down there. You know what, What's that? It's kind of in the, what's the next country down Panama. And you, and, and there's this no man's land where the Colombians come through and it's like, you know, all kinds of dirty dealings in the jungle with, You know, who knows, You know, drugs and mules and, yeah. You know? Yeah. So, you know, it can be dangerous. And I've heard of danger happening there. You know, you hear about somebody getting chopped up by a machete and Costa Rica is actually, it's actually a cool place because it, it never had a culture of death like a lot of the central American countries did.


They have a culture of death, you know, even Mexico. I mean, they used to, you know, tear people's hearts out and pyramid Aztecs, All that sort of stuff. Yeah. Aztecs were like the Romans. The mines were like the Greeks, but they all sort of dabbled in some stuff. Costa Rica always had a policy where they was like the Switzerland of Central America. They emphasize education and health and everybody's literate. And it's, it's kind of interesting in that way, but it deals with its own little troubles. Yeah. Well, like every country, you know, corrupt Anywhere, town in that part of the world is just like, there's so much sketchy shit going on all around you.


Yeah. There can be. Yeah. Yeah. One has to be forewarned, forearmed, all that, you know. So I have a, a nice place down there. Yeah. I have some friends that have a place in Mexico and I'm always like, don't you, whatever. Where we, Yeah. I worked in Mexico a couple of times. I was down there And it was, it was in Barra Cruz. And apparently, you know, people were rolling heads into bars and stuff like that, You know, rival gangs and stuff. And they said, I go for a walk, you know, and they'd say, you're crazy going for a walk. You'll get kidnapped. I said, I'm not gonna get kidnapped. I'm the guy that pays. You are gonna get kidnapped and I'm not gonna pay your manso. So it's like, I never felt insecure in that way.


And you know, if something's gonna happen, it's gonna happen. Yeah. You know, if your number's up. I know I used to watch guys who do what I do for a living and they'd have a phx of bodyguards around them, you know, and like, for security and stuff. But, and I used to have that stuff for a little while, but nah, it doesn't make any difference. You're gonna be okay. Okay. Or not. Or Not. Right. Yeah. Until you're not. Until you're not. And everybody's Gonna be okay until they're Not. Yeah. I got into a dodgy situation one night and I acted crazy. Yeah. Yeah. What Happened? If you act crazy, everybody leaves you alone. Especially if you are a little crazy, a Little, You know, if they know That you're in a stress mode, so you actually get angry.


I if, if I feel like I'm threatened, I get angry, which is what happens. And then you get really in people's faces and they think, this guy's crazy. But All the old cultures thought that, like, when there were people traveling across the great plains to go west, you know, if you acted nuts, they'd leave you alone. 'cause they didn't want your evil spirits. Ah. So what happened with you? Nothing. They left me alone. But Where was this? Oh man. I was in a bad neighborhood. I was, it was when I first got into LA and I was to go to dinner with Costa GREs, he was a Greek director. I went the wrong way.


And it was before they had, you know, phones with like Right. You know, all that stuff. So the Thomas Guide, It was the Thomas Guide. Anyway, I wasn't guided well by Thomas. I ended up in the wrong place. And then my muffler fell off and I was driving a Mercedes, you know, pretty nice sporty car, You know? And I thought, oh, and I had the wife in the car, and I pulled into a side street, the sun was going down. And as I got out of the car, I thought, oh, I gotta fix this muffle. I can't just drag it. People started coming from houses and they came up to me and, and I saw them coming in the rear view mirror. And I jumped out of the car and got in their face and I said, what the fuck do you want?


'cause I thought I felt threatened, right? And, and the guy said, man, I'm just looking for some money. You got any money? So I was being mugged, And it was like, I thought, I'll think about it when I'm fucking finished. Like, you know, I opened the trunk, and this is the weird part, Joe, I, I will never quite understand this. I opened the trunk to see what I could find to help me put the muffler back on. And sitting there, the only two things in the back of the trunk was a pair of wire cutters and a coat hanger. It's exactly what I needed. And I don't know why it was there. That's weird, isn't it? That's very weird. So very weird. You use the coat hanger to wire up your muffler.


Yep. I cut a piece of wire wired the muffler up the whole time. More guys are coming. Jesus Christ. Christ. And they're standing behind me and I'm feeling like, oh. And anyway, I get up, I finish the muffler slammed, and I'm acting mad and crazy the whole time. And I think this guy's nuts. And I get back to the car and my wife gives me a handful of cash. And I thought, what's this? She says, it's just fives and ones give it to him. So I threw it and drove off. But it was like, it was looking hairy for a minute. And you never know, What year was this? Oh my God. Back in the nineties.


Fitness isn't just about what you do in the gym, it's also about your nutrition. But even with the best diet, some nutrients can be hard to get. And AG one can help fill those gaps. AG one delivers optimal amounts of nutrients in forms that help your body perform. Ag One makes foundational nutrition easy because there aren't a million different pills and capsules you have to keep track of. It's just one scoop mixed in water. It's such an easy routine to keep. In the mornings ingredients in Ag one are selected for absorption, nutrient density, and potency, and are intentionally picked to work in sync with the whole formula for optimal impact. They're seriously committed to quality Ag One is tested for hundreds of contaminants and impurities, and they're constantly reformulating their recipe to dial it in. This is all part of why I've partnered with Ag one for years. So get started with Ag one this holiday season and get a FREE bottle of Vitamin D three, K two, and five free Ag one travel packs with your first purchase@drinkagone.com slash Joe Rogan. That's a $76 value gift for free. If you go to drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan, seriously get on this.


So things are more dangerous Now? I think they are. Yeah, I think so, for sure. Yep. Yeah, we were just talking about the wildfire situation and how crazy it is that they spent $24 billion last year on the homeless. Yeah. And what do they spend on preventing these wildfires, zero, Z, zip, Zip. And in 2019, I think Newsom said, you know, I'm gonna take care of the forest and maintain the forest and do all that kind of stuff. He didn't do anything, Didn't do anything. And then on top of that, they cut the water Off. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. It's all funny. And then I think all our tact dollars probably went for Gavin's hair gel. I don't know. But it's like, you know, it's sad. It's like the place is just on fire.


Well, The whole state is just so poorly managed. It's so con. It's so frustrating and confusing. And then he gets on TV and pretends like, everything's great. And I'm California's the best, we have the best date, we have the most amazing economy. And like, you're outta your fucking mind, dude. You've ruined this state. It personally Ruined It. Well, it's the same team that was up in San Francisco and they came down to LA and they're doing what they did in San Francisco. And yeah. San Francisco's kinda like apocalyptic now, you know? Yeah. I went there and it's just like people every, You know, homeless, you know, it's just, it's a mess. It's just unbelievable that society can crumble that quickly. Take it doesn't Unbelievable. It doesn't take long. No.


Yeah. I read a book once by Jared Diamond called Collapse. You ever Read that book? Yeah. Yeah. Crazy, right? It says All the things you need for a civilization to cave in and collapse. And a lot of the things are present. All those earmarks, the precursors of a collapse, they're present in our time. So it's, it's an interesting observation. Yeah. And we're no smarter than our grandparents, I don't think. Well, That brings me to one of my favorite movies of yours is Apocalypto. Oh yeah. You know, when the Mayans were running things like, who could have ever thought when they had such an incredibly sophisticated society, unbelievable construction. Like the stuff that they had built that one day you just walked through there and there's nothing, nothing, nothing.


And nobody, In fact, there's something because it's interesting, somebody was flying by what they thought was a volcano in the thirties, some buzz boy. And he thought, Hey, that's somebody built that, wait a minute, there's four by eight foot bricks. That's not, that's manmade. And it is literally the biggest pyramid in the world. It's bigger than the ones in Egypt and it's in Guatemala. Yeah, we talked about that the other day. Yeah. It's a recent discovery, right? Well, not that reason. I was maybe 20 years ago I visited, Hmm. I went down there with the, with the archeologist, a guy named Richard Hanson, who's from Idaho or someplace, and he's down there with his family.


He's been working tirelessly for like 30 years, trying to extract this pre-class city from the jungle. And there's not a bunch of tourists. All the pyramids, Tikal would fit inside the one big pyramid in El Mirador. Really? Yeah. It's a monster. And so that tells you that the pre-class civilization was bigger and grander and more sophisticated than the civilizations that came after it. Yeah. Pretty interesting. Well, It is unbelievable how, like, when, when you the accounts of like people that visited Mexico and visited the Aztecs, like what the markets looked like and how insane it was and how gorgeous it was, and then just Yeah.


Disease. Yeah. Disease or, I dunno if it was disease or what, I think the people were pretty dissatisfied. It would've been hard for Cortez with his limited numbers to actually take over a civilization like that unless they kind of happened upon a civilization that was pretty dissatisfied with the way things were going. Yeah. So I think they had people to help them sort of, I'm sure rebel. Yeah. When, when you're making a movie like Apocalypto, I mean, that's a crazy undertaking. You're making an entire movie where there's no English in it at all, and it's a blockbuster. Yeah. Yeah. It's cool. It was fun. That's one of the best movies, man. It's a fucking great movie. Well, because I think it's scary because nobody's speaking your language and you're looking at indigenous peoples who you, and because they're not speaking the language, you totally kind of buy it and you can buy the horror and, and the primal nature of, of the story you want to tell.


And, and really it's just a series of fears. One after the other, You know, being chased by, You know, scary guys or wild eaten by wild animals, or, you know, hit by blow, You know, blow guns. Yeah. It's all like a series of these things. But I think basically what I was doing was trying to talk about our time now and the civilization that we live in, and how close are we to collapse And what are the things that lead to collapse? You know, it's environmental stuff, it's human sacrifice. Yeah. I Mean, we do that Kind of, we do. Yeah. Yeah. We Do. We just dress it up.


Yep. When you find out medications are killing people and they keep prescribing them and they do it for money, that's kind of sacrifice. It's when you find out that wars are irresponsible, they're Not just wars, Not just No. They're, they're for money. And we send our young people over there to, to die sometimes. For good reasons, sometimes for not. Yeah. I mean, I've, I love this. I love the warrior. I do, I love the warrior, but I hate the war. Yeah, yeah. And well, We hate, we hate an unjust war. Yes, Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, it's, yeah, it's a mess. But the human sacrifice aspect is, is alive and well in our society.


I think It really is. It's just dressed up in a different way. Yeah, Yeah. Rhetoric around it. But they've always been able to justify it. Like in Apocalypto it was like, yeah, so the crops will be better. Hey, we'll just, you know. Yeah. Kill a few people. Yeah. And then I had all these people come out of the woodwork, Hey, we're we're archeologists and scientists, and that never happened. So there's this revisionism about it too that it didn't happen. But there are accounts from the time where yes, people did witness these things. And, and Of course I had a bunch of battery of archeologists and scientists and professors on my own that say, yeah, well this stuff did happen and here's the, here's the, you know, the depictions of it in paintings and images And, you know, so it's like, it did happen.


So, You know, when you, when you set out to make a movie like that, like what, first of all, what brings you to that? Did you get the script first? Like what, what was it an idea that you had in your head? It was, it just came from in here. And I was working on something and a buddy of mine said, so what do you wanna do next? I said, ah, man, I wanna direct something and I always want to direct a chase film. He said, what kind of chase? I said, A foot chase. He said, what? I said, yeah, people chasing you. I mean, there's something kind of primal and scary about a foot chase. And I think in order to have a foot chase, you can't have a society where there's any kind of cars or anything like that, otherwise you'll have a car chase.


But I wanna film a foot chase like it's a car chase. And he said, oh, I said, what are you thinking? I said, well, I'm thinking if you go back before Columbus discovered America, you know, and it's like people assume that Columbus discovered America. And then life began. I said, I wanna know what was happening right before he got there, before he got there. And I said, so I had this idea that you see all this stuff going on and there's no time period on it, and then all of a sudden you date it by the arrival of Europeans. And I thought it's kind of like the Rod Sterling, you know, planet of the Apes. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, it's kind of a cool, cool ending. And he said, oh, wow.


And he said, where do you think Columbus landed? I said, why the hell, let's look. So I looked up and the first peoples he encountered were Mayan trading canoes off the coast of Honduras. And I thought, cool. What was happening in Honduras? You know, and you look at these towns and, and pyramids and temples and stuff at that time. And then the story was born from there. And Of course then we read the book by Jared Diamond collapse. I read the Mayan Bible, the Pope Vu, And, you know, tried to delve into what they believed and, and, And what their civilization was like. And they had concepts as we do of heaven and hell of punishment or reward.


You know, it was a little different, quite a bit different, actually. In fact, when I went down to the archeological sites at El Rador, they dug something up And it was like, well, what is it? And they thought, we don't know. It could, there was this carved image in the stone of this Mayan warrior drinking, and he had an ear spool, And it was like, Hmm. So they dug further and further and it went like 26 meters down. And it was the entire story of the pope vu Wow. Of, of the twins going into hell and getting their father's head and swimming back. And it was, it's this crazy story. And it kind of dated that book because I think it was almost 3000 years old.


This, this mural, this carving. So it tells you that the story's pretty old, and they thought initially it was probably back in the 13 hundreds, but this confirmed that it was at least 2,600 years old, something like that. Oh, wow. Yeah. So it's pretty cool that to be there when they're digging that stuff up is mind blowing. Well, they're missing so much of the mine history. It's very, very intering. You want some coffee? I want some water. That's water right there. Water. They're missing so much of the may history, You know, because everybody's gone. But one of the, you ever see the very bizarre carving where it looks like there's a guy who's sitting in a cockpit of a spaceship? Yes. Like looking through some sort of an, an eye thing.


Yeah. They got some weird stuff. It's like weird. Yeah. Where there's fire underneath the chair. Like, what is that? They got dudes that look like Europeans. They have these guys with red beards and helmets and stuff like that. Yeah. It's like these Phoenician guys who probably traveled over there early on. Yeah. Probably. Maybe in the sixth century or something like that. So they, it wasn't that long a boat ride. So they probably went over there and made contact and they, they thought they were gods or something, and then they went away again and they said, well wait for them to come back. And Of course, that did come back, but it didn't work out the same. No, no, No. Well, there's so many accounts of, you know, people visiting the, especially when you get into the Amazon.


Sure. Oh, I don't know about the Amazon. Oh my God. What's, tell me about that. Well, First of All, the Amazon used to be filled with people. Yeah. And most of the Amazon is manmade, the jungle in the Amazon. I didn't know agriculture Didn't. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Okay. The jungle and the Amazon, they didn't even know this until fairly recently. And they now know from flying over, they use li lidar, which is this light I know. Radar. Yes, I know. So they, so when they use this laser radar shit, when they fly over it, they're finding all these grids and pathways and cities in the jungle. So the jungle had consumed all these cities. I think there was millions and millions of people living in the Amazon. Yeah. And that Europeans came over diseases.


Yeah. Everybody dies, jungle consumes the city. People come back 200 years later looking for it. Like the lost city of Z. Yeah. Like that, that story. You're right. Yeah. They go back to look and there's, there's nothing left. Yeah. Guns, germs, and Steel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Wow. That's fascinating. I don't have to look into that then. So, and We're going through all those things right now. Guns, germs, and steel. Oh yeah. Oh my god. You know, germs. Yeah. Oh, The germs I had, I'm just, just on the tail end of some hideous flu that was going. I don't know if you got, Got it. Did you get the H five N one or whatever the fuck it is. No. I don't know what the hell. Yeah. I've had that, that was the swine thing. I had swine flu one time. I did You had that 2009.


Yes. Yeah, It was around then. Yeah. Yeah. It was a, it was an epidemic. A a pandemic, whatever you wanna call it. But it didn't have the same sort of press releases Yeah. That Covid did. Sure. I got the swine, I acted more like a pig, you know, it's terrible, terrible wallowing in my own mud. So I like Flight Risk. It's fun movie. Oh, it's a Hoo. You know, it's a, it's a hoot. I mean, I think the first thing you gotta do with any film, and I think it's incumbent upon all directors, artists to entertain first in some fashion, even if it's a heavy story, you have to find some, some aspect of it that entertains. And, and I think this, for entertainment's sake is just fun.


And it's quick. I'm, I'm not subjecting you to four hours of like watching autism dry. Right. You know, it's like, It's like, You know, it's 85, 90 minutes. Yeah. And They're out. It's a good time. Yeah. And Mark is insane. Yeah. Yeah. He's great in it. He plays a good psycho. Oh, He's a psychopath. Mark's got a good dark side. There's some, there's some dark stuff there that he was able to draw from. And every now and then he'd let it out. I can't even repeat some of this stuff he'd say. In fact, we had to cut most of it out. It was like, really sick. But we, we hint at it. Hmm. Anyway, When you make a movie now, I mean, you've had such a career. Yeah. When you make a movie now, like what motivates you at this point in your life?


Like, how do you, how do you decide let's hit the green light on this one? Yeah. There are things that speak to me and, and they speak for a, for a long time it's, I remember when I was a, a kid in high school, I was studying English. And they said, well, where did the English language come from? And they talked about, wow, it came from this old guttural, German, old Norse that the Vikings brought across. And I was thinking, well, that's cool. The Vikings, you know. And then immediately I start thinking, man, somebody should make, I wanna make a film about Vikings. And they only speak in old Norse because if, if, if they say, if they say, ah, you know, if they speak English all of a sudden Right.


You're not buying it. Right. But if they're speaking some guttural language Yeah. You're sort of scared by 'em. And it's like, that's scary to me. And then I said to myself, I'm 17 years old, why am I thinking about making films about Vikings? I don't know anything about making films and not much about Vikings. So why the hell am I even thinking about that? But that was something that was early on, was like a, a drive, I guess, to sort of depict things like that. So I did films in other languages in Mayan and in, in Aramaic and in Latin, you know, so, and there's the power to that. I noticed when I was young, I used to go and watch a lot of foreign films, and I watch French movies. Right. Or German or whatever.


They were Spanish. I'd watch 'em and I'd think, wow, the acting's great in those. And it seemed better because of the subtitles because Right. Yeah. Yeah. More Believable somehow, I don't know. Right. Because you're not, you're not hearing insincerity in their voice. 'cause you don't even understand what they're saying. No. Yeah. You just feel the emotions in the words. And it also ha it has to take your attention because you have to do another function you have to read. Yeah. Which is another thing that sort of maybe blinds you to the flaws in the filmmaking perhaps. So, you know, Hey, it's a great trick. Yeah. What's, It's obfuscation. There's A, there is a thing about reading it while you're watching and it's like an added element of concentration. You know, like subtitled movies, you feel like you're a smarter person watching a movie where you're reading it.


It's well, yeah. And there's, yeah, there's something about the written word that's like, it's a pretty interesting thing to throw into the mix. I know when I first started, it was kind of confusing, but then I got really good at it. And I think especially with something like what the passion that I did, the written word was very important because it was, you know, you got all those books, the bible, you know, you've got the, the different gospels and stuff that people are quite familiar with. Half the time they didn't even need to read the subtitles. They could look at it and know what was going on.


Playoffs we're talking about playoffs. You bet. We are. Get in on the action with drafting sports book and official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring Touchdowns is key to winning the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook, the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


That Was a crazy movie because it was a great movie, but it seemed like there was resistance to that movie. Oh yeah, no, there was, Which I, I've, I thought was very strange. There was like Hollywood resistance to that movie. Like people didn't like that you were making it, it seemed like. No. Yeah. There's a lot of, there was a lot of opposition to it and I don't know it, I think if you ever hit on that subject matter, you're gonna get people going because Of Course It's big subject matter and it's like, you know, and my contention is, you know, when I was making it, it was like, you're making this film. And the idea was that we're all responsible for this.


That his sacrifice was for all mankind. And that for all, all our ills and all, All the things in our fallen nature, it was a redemption. So, you know, and I believe that, you know, I, I actually am, you know, I was born into a Catholic family. I'm very Christian to my beliefs, you know, so I do actually believe this stuff to the full so depicting that was an honor. But it was also Yeah, you got the, you got the daylights beat outta you for It. Yeah. Because there's, there's resistance, first of all, from secular Hollywood where for whatever reason Christianity is the one religion that you're allowed to disparage.


Yeah. Christianity is the one religion where people, all these progressive, open-minded leftist people, they'll embrace all these different religions until it comes to Christianity. Yeah. And for whatever reason that represents like white male, you know what, whatever it represents colonialism, you know, whatever it, you know, whatever it represents, it's negative. Yeah, sure. It's gotten a bad rap and they, people do feel free to beat up on it. Even I do when I see it's like, you know, when it's not fair. Right. Or I think it's off. Right. You know, like, You know, when they appoint some cardinal in some diocese and he's been covering up for like people who are child molesters.


Yes. You know, like Theodore McCarrick or Cardinal World or those kind of guys. I mean, or The Pope. Yes. Yeah. Absolutely. I'm, I'm Benedict. Oh, not Benny. Well, he was covering up, but like Yeah. So is the guy now, Is he really Well? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's not great. I Thought he was like the more progressive pope. Oh, he's very progressive. Yes. But, But he's covering up for stuff as well. Well, they, they all are. I mean, it's a, it's a, a dark institution in a lot of ways. 'cause it's history, you know? Well, You know, the institution, it was instituted by Christ, You know, but that doesn't mean that it can't be flawed. And there's a school of thought that says it isn't what it purports to be anymore.


It's, it's moved away from what it was intended to be. And what it is almost, there's a guy called Bishop Vio who says it's a counterfeit parallel church. And it's, it's running an entirely different religion. I actually don't, I don't adhere to a post conciliar church. I adhere. Can You define what that means? Okay. There was an event that happened in the, in the sixties. First there was an event in the Vatican where they elected John the 23rd Pope. Right. In 1958.


I was two years old. Right. He was elected. And it was a very funny thing that happened in the conclave. You know, usually there's white and black smoke that goes out of the, the chimneys to tell you we have a pope. You know, Haba must papa, you know, and the white smoke came out and everybody cheered and they went crazy. And then about a half an hour later, black smoke came out. That never in history has that happened. That the white smoke came out and then the black smoke Came out. So white smoke means we found a new pope. Black smoke means no pope. That's right. They'd have votes or there'd be one reason or another they'd have a round in the conclave. And black smoke would come out many times, many times maybe, maybe it would take two weeks.


But never was it known that white smoke came out, then black smoke came out. So what was the scenario That somebody was elected and that maybe something else happened and he was pushed aside and someone else was put in. Ah, so it was power Struggle. Some kind of power struggle. And Of course, the man who came out was a man called Angela Roncalli. And he was John the 23rd. Now, it's interesting to note that never had a pope taken the name of another pope ever before in history. Hmm. But This man took the name of a known anti pope from the 15th century that Cosmo Dei put in there as his own man, I'll get you in the chair and then everything will be rosy.


You know, everything will go good for business. You know, whatever. He was putting him in there for some corrupt reason. But, and there've been corrupt men in that place before. I mean, there's Alexander the sixth and Julius ii. The sixth is the fourth. I mean, some of these guys are, you know, they're not saints. So he took the name of a known anti pope from the fifth century who actually said, yes, I'm an anti pope. Sorry, I'm not the right guy. 'cause there was more than one. And he confessed to being, and he wanted to, you know, square things with, with the Almighty, I guess. So he confessed to being an anti pope. And so he took the same name as that guy, John the 23rd.


So it's interesting. Don't you think? I mean, I, why would he do that? Well, whenever you have that kind of power, like I'm sure you've been to the Vatican, right? Yeah. It's stunning. Yes. It's huge. It's so cra when you're walking around, you see the, just the massive amount, just the dollar value in the art that they possess. Yeah. It's Fucking insane. It's Crazy. Yeah. And you know, it's a very small country. It's a country. Yeah. It's a country inside of a small city. Yeah. 'cause Rome's not the biggest city. No. And then it's got a country inside the city Yeah. With a, with walls around it. Sure. And you can't extra extradite people.


Yeah. Pretty Weird. How convenient. Yeah. Even Ratzinger, he didn't drive from the Vatican to the other place he flew. Ooh. And it was only a little while. 'cause who knows why. I don't Know. Well, he was wanted. Yes. Yeah. I mean, he had done, one of the things that he had done was he had moved a priest that had molested a hundred kids and he moved him to some new place where he molested deaf kids. Yeah. Yeah. Boy. Yeah. Yeah. I know. That's The, the dirtiest most evil practice that the Catholic church has been accused of. I think so. And many institutions as well. Yeah.


But that is a very bad one. And I think it's all part and parcel of the same corruption they crept in. And when you asked what's the difference between pre Vatican two? So Vatican two happened, and Of course they, they took the church and they, they reformed it and they changed things in it, and it didn't necessarily agree with everything that went before it. Mm. And up to that point, yeah. You could find it agreed with itself, but all of a sudden you got something else to the point where now, I mean, I mean, we got a pope that brought a, a South American idol into the church to worship.


Really? He did The pama, he brought the South Amer, and he got what? I don't, I don't know what that is. It's a, it's kind of like a South American god, pachamama. It's just why would He do that? Good question. But he did, Did he have an explanation for why he did it? Yeah. It's kind of a weasel worded thing of like, oh, all religions are just as good as one another. But, you know, if that's his contention, he Shouldn't be the pope. No. I Mean, how can you be the Pope if you say all religions are just as good. Yeah. We all worship, you know, so Yeah. That's the pama. There You go. So he brought that in. Yeah. Into the Vatican. Then the h he, the hierarchy even worshiped. They had a ceremony rounded outside.


So what Well, that constitutes apostasy. Yeah. It's, that's an apostasy move. Yeah. All right. Worshiping false gods. Yeah. That's number one on the mosaic hit list, you know? Yeah. Moses goes up on the mountain, he comes back down, people are worshiping, but a golden calf. Yeah. You know, it's, it's that. Yeah. So you can't do that. And for me, that's a, a departure from Yeah. What, you know, that's called apostasy. Right. That's a falling away from it. And the very nature of apostasy means that you have to be part of it to fall away from it. So it's an inside job. Ah. So what do you think there's a motive behind these things?


I don't think, you know, probably. What do you think it is? I don't know. But it isn't good. I think. Look, I think we're, we're, we're looking at a world where, and this is the, in the next film I'm gonna do, I'm gonna try and tackle this question, that there are big realms, spiritual realms. There's good, there's evil. And they are slugging it out for the souls of mankind. And my question is, why are we even important little old flawed humanity? Why are we important in that process where the big realms are slugging it out over us?


And I think there's bigger things at play here, and institutions that purport to touch on the divine are necessarily going to be affected by that slug fest that's going on between good and evil. Right. And, And sometimes good gives up ground. Yeah. And maybe not on purpose, you know, maybe there's some deception involved or self deception. Right. Co-opted. Every morning when I wake up, I actually pray that I don't deceive myself. You know, because it's like, you know, your mind is a very funny place. I mean, there's, I've always said, you know, it's your second thought and your first action that, that you're responsible for your first thought, throw it away, you know?


Right. But upon consideration Yeah. The second thought is what you're responsible for. Yeah. That's the difference between first degree and second degree murder. There You go. Right, Right, right. There You go. It's first degree. Like I'm plotting this out and we, we take that into consideration when we sentence people. Sure. Like if you're a person who just, you're all of a sudden you're in a fight with a guy, you didn't expect it and you stab him and kill him. Second degree murder. Yeah. But if you're like, I'm gonna kill this motherfucker, I'm gonna find out where he is. Yeah. Then I'm gonna go get 'em first degree. Sure. I planned a lot of murders in my life, You know? Yeah. In your head, we All have. Yeah. In your head, you plan the murder and you think, well, that's not a very good idea, But I think I could get away with It. Right. There's the second thought.


Yeah. That is interesting that we take that into consideration. Yeah. That we do. Like, if you've had time to think about it, you're a different kind of person. The person acts in the act. Sure, yeah. You're in your animal brain Act of passion. Yes. And I found this out. I actually spent a long time in my animal brain, which is a very horrible place to be. And when You say that, what do you mean by you've spent a long time in your animal brain, You're in flight or fight. Right. All the time. You don't even sleep. It's like really not a good place to be. And if anybody looks at you the wrong way, you wanna bite him. Yeah. And sometimes you say and do things that are socially unacceptable.


And, you know, I went and got a brain scan by this guy called Daniel Ahman, who's this brain guy. He's against all psych meds and stuff, but he thinks like, let me have a look at your brain. And he put a radioactive tracer in me. What? And to photograph my brain, he works mri m mri, right? Yeah. He works a lot of football players and guys who have had brain injury, man, it's thirsty in here. But so he, he looked at my brain and he was like, and he opens the file and I'm in there with the guy and he, he looks up and he goes, are you okay? And he goes, first, no, first he went like this. And I said, what? And he went, are you okay like that?


And I said, yeah, I think so. And he, he came over and he sat next to me, but very slowly and cautiously. And he says, no, you're not. And I said, what do you mean? He says, you got the worst case of P-T-S-D-I have ever seen. And I said, you mean like even worse than guys in war and shit like that? And he goes, yeah. And he says, you're not okay. Jesus Christ. And, and I was like, and I, and I started, I started to well up, you know, like, no, no, I'm not. It's like, Oh boy. And it was, he had a very miraculous and a great remedy for it, which was to eat a bunch of fish oil, vitamin B complex, and get into a hyperbaric chamber for 40 sessions, but make sure you do at least two or three a week.


Ah, It fixed my Head. Really? Yeah. It got me outta that wacky place, you know, So it was something to do with nutrition and oxygen and Yeah. And your brain is neuroplasticity. You explained neuroplasticity to me and how Okay. You can get brain damage and like holes in your head And, you know, concussion. I used to play rugby, You know? Ah, And I've been knocked out on the field a couple of times, you know, that Explains a lot, You know? Yeah. And so it actually, You can actually heal the holes in your head. It looked like Swiss cheese in there. It's like horrible. There's a lot, A lot of these football players get like that too. The poor guys. I mean, they get depressed and they Oh, yeah.


You know? Oh, yeah. Hormonal imbalance. Pituitary glands fucked up. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Absolutely not. Yeah. Not producing testosterone or human growth hormone correctly. That's correct. Yeah. Depression, low energy. Yep. Irritability. Irritability. You wanna kill somebody, you know, it's Like terrible, you Know? And, and it's just not socially acceptable. Plus I don't wanna go to prison. Yeah. So, well, the rugby, I bet that's a, a giant factor. Yeah. I, I played from like 13 to probably in my late teens and, and you get knocked around a Little bit. A hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. There's no if ands or butts about that. No Helmet. No. You Know, well, people don't realize, like, even shots to the chest cause brain damage. Oh, yeah.


Yeah. That's what people are realizing now. Yeah, sure. Yeah. I mean, You know, and like, I'm addicted to the UFC. Right. I love it. But I know that these guys are, I, I feel kind of sorry for 'em. I do as well. Yeah. And, and one of the guys, I, I knew one of the guys fairly well, and usually I'm pretty immune to like, but like, he was in there and he was fighting against Linsky. It was Brian Ortega and he was getting his ass handed to him in one fight. He almost got him a couple of times, but like, yeah. He almost submitted him twice. Yeah, I know. But because I knew Brian, it was like my chi, it was like my son was in there. Right. I almost started crying. I was like, and it got to me, I was like, I should probably feel like this about all these guys, but I don't know them as well.


It becomes a problem for me when I'm friends with a guy. Yeah. And then, and then also I see when they're on the tail end of their career and they can't take shots anymore. And then when you talk to them, you recognize the speech patterns are slurring. Yeah. Yeah. I met Muhammad Ali when he was in the chair, you know? Oof. And, and I don't know if I could even tell this story, what he said was so funny, but he was still in there and he was still a little devil. Mm. And he was like, and he was still, he was still fucking with people Of course. But it was like, I can't, I Can't tell this story. You can't. No, Man. Okay. We footnote it. Tell me later. I'll tell You later. It's funny. But it was my assistant, you know, it is what he said to my assistant.


It was like, so funny. And, and, and then he said it and we all were like, whoa. And then I looked at him and he was just, he laughing. He was laughing his ass off. So he was still all in there, but it was hard. I guess he had the damage of being punched. Yeah. Trauma related. Parkinson's disease. Yes. Very common for fighters. Oh my God. Oh, No. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's not good. No. I got knocked out when I, in a fight when I was like 20 And it was like knocked out, like out. And it was, You know, I woke up in the hospital. Mm. Not good. No. Well, a few of those will explain a lot.


Yes, It does. Yeah. And we didn't know that, You know, back then, that's why it always drives me crazy in a movie when someone gets hit over the head with a gun and knocked out and then five minutes later they're fighting and they're fine, you Know, or shot in the arm, you know, they kill you. You know? That always makes me laugh too. But we used to do it, you Know? Well, you kind of have to, right? Yeah. It's like part of the whole thing of telling a movie. You gotta Sure. I mean, Michelle, suspension of disbelief, Michelle, Michelle, Docker, even brains. Mark Wahlberg with a fire extinguisher at one point and it's Yeah. He's back, You know, brains him Shoots him. Oh yeah. It's, it's a lot. He's a cockroach. He can't kill him. It takes a lot more. We'll you'll find out. Yeah. But we're, you know, people used to think that concussions are just something you recover from.


Like, no big deal. You get a concussion, take a break for a little while, you'll be fine. You might not be fine. No You're not. Yeah. I got a concussion at my daughter's wedding. This is really weird. Okay. So she's getting married, married a great guy. They got a great family. And a buddy of mine from Australia comes to the wedding and he goes, ah, he comes up and I, I go to hug him and he, he ducks down and he comes up and he puts his shoulder into the point of my chin. The guy weighs two 40 and he puts his shoulder into the point of my chin and knocks me the fuck out. Jesus Christ. I'm like, ah. And like for the next four months I'm messed up. I have to get like a guy to work cranial sacral, you know, fix me up and stuff like that.


It Jesus really messed me Up. Fucking Australians. Yeah. Yeah. There You go. Wild folk. Worse than Germans. Yeah. There is Wild ex prisoners. Yeah. Yeah. Wild prisoner of Mother England. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, So this, this story that you want to tell about good and evil. Like, do you have a script or is it just a thing in your head? What, what is it? Yeah, it's, it's, it's the resurrection story. Ah, and it, but it's, it's, it's not just, it's not linear because you can't really, it's hard to understand. So it's gotta be put in a framework where you answer a few other questions as well.


And you have to juxtapose the event itself against everything else so that it makes some kind of sense in, in a bigger picture, which is a hard thing to do. And it took my brother and I about, and, and a guy called Randall Wallace, plus my brother and I took us six, seven years to write it. So are you doing this with historians as well? Are you trying to make it Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Historical stuff. Well, I regard, I regard the gospels as history. It's a verifiable history. Some people say, oh, it's a fairy tale. He never existed, but he did. And there are other accounts, verifiable historical accounts outside the biblical ones that also bear this up.


That yes, he did exist. And, and, and the other aspect of that is that the, All the evangelists, the apostles who went out there, every single one of those guys died rather than deny their belief. And nobody dies for a lie. Nobody. Right. So that's part of what I'm doing. It's like showing nobody dies for a lie. Yeah. Well the resurrection is the one that is the most difficult for people to swallow. Yes. That is the one that requires the most faith, The most faith and the most belief. Yeah. Resurrection. Yeah. Who, who, who gets back up three days later after he gets murdered in public, who gets back up under his own power.


Buddha didn't do that shit. Right. You know? So You believe that was a real event? Yeah, I do. Yeah. What brought you to that belief? Is this something that you've always had or is it something you, you studied it and you've come to this conclusion because of the historical accounts and Yes, I think as a child, you know, one accepts things on faith because you know, you're raised by people who are nice to you and they believe it. And my dad was a pretty smart guy. He was like, Mensa smart, you know, like real smart. Like back in 1968, he won Jeopardy. Right. And then really, and then they brought All the Jeopardy winners back and he played All the winners and he beat all of them too.


So he had a mind, like a steel trap. And his memory was practically photographic. My memory's pornographic, but it's like, it's like his, his was like, I don't have that, that kind of mind. Right. But a more like, he did math And, you know, I can't add, but, so as a child you learn these things and you accept them on faith. And I still have that faith, but as I got older, I came to it through intellect and through reading and putting things together in accounts and then occurrences, like in my own life, you know, I mean, just recently they verified the shroud of Turin.


Have you seen that? I've been reading about it. And I know that there's some contention, there's some, some discussion and debate about it. But they used to think that it was only a couple hundred years old. Yeah. And now they've they've changed that. Yeah. They've said, no, it is back then. They also don't understand how it was made, which to me is very fascinating. 'cause it's not paint, it's not, they don't know what caused the image itself and how that technology would've even been available. It wasn't, no. A couple thousand years ago, An intense light, I mean, atomic to leave almost like a photographic imprint on a piece of cloth. Yeah. And It's wild.


Pull that up, pull the shroud of turn up. Oh yeah. It's wild to look at because Oh yeah. It's, it's so interesting. Oh Yeah. And you can see it that it depicts a first century Hebrew male, because the hairstyle was from the first century and a Hebrew hairstyle that he was about six feet tall. That he was completely scoured all over his body. He was crucified. That's it there. Yeah. The one on the left is, the one on the right is just like an artistic rendition. Ai That's the face. Yeah. Click on that one. The face. The face. Yeah. That's good enough. Get that large. That's fucking crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Scoured beaten.


Yeah. A crap. The, the wounds on the, the thorns, the hands, the feet and, and the urging and the, the, the hairstyle was from the first century and the pollens that they found in the cloth were from that region. Yeah. Also, the weave was a first century weave that was typical. And another guy, an archeologist who I knew who actually translated the passion in Aramaic, told me that if you look close, you can see that the, the image of a Tiberius coin marks on the eyes. Now I don't know if that's real or not, I've never actually checked that, but that there's images of Tiberius on the coin.


So they would put the coins over the eyes. Yeah. So that would date it. But they have now verified that it does actually go back to that time period for a while they were testing pieces that had been repaired in the 13th century. Right. Or Right. You know, so what is the latest on that, Jamie? Can you see? Like, I Just, I was trying to get that, I, I have two different articles from within the last six months saying Yeah. The Smith thing. So yeah. Opposite Of course, digging Into which one sounded the most accurate. Well, it's such a crazy thing to even try to verify. Yeah. Like what are you, like, what are you saying? You're saying that this is really the shroud that Jesus was covered in. So you're saying Jesus historically absolutely did exist and we think that this is the shroud that covered him.


That just that alone people Yeah. Incredulity people's immediately their, their, they, their hackles raised like, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. And they just, instead of like looking at it objectively, they almost always wanna look at it from a point of view of dispu disproving it immediately dis dismissing it immediately. But That's, you know, that's science isn't it? You have to sort of, you know, you play the devil's advocate. Yeah. And that's okay. Go for it. You know? Do you, are you aware of Graham Hancock? Oh, No. Graham Hancock is, he's sort of a historian that has a very, he's got a, a series on Netflix. He's a fascinating guy. And his, his career started because he was investigating this, these accounts in Ethiopia of the arc of the covenant.


Right. And that they believe the arc of the covenant is in this one church that's protected by all these monks that wind up getting cataracts and radiation disease and sickness. And they think that it's because they're protecting this arc of the covenant. Yeah. This, this actual thing that it's an actual physical thing that's there. And If you touch it, you get Zack. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And that even being in its presence fucks these people up. Maybe, Maybe, who knows? I mean, it's gotta be someplace, right. They buried it, they lost track of it. Yeah. But man, it used to be, and, and All the stories are, if you even touched it, you fall over, you know? 'cause it what constructed electrically somehow. Yeah. Like, What is that? What's in there?


Yeah. Why is it giving people cancer if they're really protecting it? I think it's the actual structure of the container. It's in that, that is the problem. That's my thought on it. I could be wrong, but I think inside it, they have things from like, when Moses was like mana And, you know, stuff like that, that they, they managed to keep from, like, for example, they, they say that that gogi, the place where the crucifixion happened, it's called Golgotha, the place of the skull, because that's where Adam's head is buried.


Really? Yes. And that, that it's also perhaps the same place. And, and it, it tells you, it's kind of in the same area where Abraham almost sacrifices Isaac. Oh. So it's interesting. Yeah. And it's, and, and the cross, when in any artistic depiction at the foot of the cross, underneath it is the skull representing the skull of Adam. Huh. So, it's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. There it is. Yeah. That's the skull of Adam, huh? Yep. Wow.


Place of the skull memory myth in the chapel of Adam. And What did you find in the shroud of tour, Jamie? Well, I literally, both those articles I just asked, like one person, like one re researcher thought it was another researcher based off of their research said it wasn't, Can you put it to the one that thought it was, Let me see. So the one who thought it was is a, like A nuclear nuclear researcher. A nuclear researcher. Jesus Christ. Yeah. That one was like a AI artist from Brazil. Yeah. So I, I don't know who has the most. So it says, study published in the Journal of Heritage. The authors conducted dating work on a sample from the shroud, coming to the conclusion that it may be a 2000 year old relic.


The shroud has long been the subject, subject of intense scrutiny, features a faint image of a man, some believe is the body of Jesus miraculously imprinted onto the cloth. While the latest study does not discuss the question of whether or not the artifact was indeed Jesus's bur burial shroud, specifically the authors did find its age is roughly consistent with his time. Hmm. Oh, Yeah. Yeah. I think isn't the Smithsonian guy all for it? I don't know. Maybe that's him. I don't know. But yeah, there's foreign against, there's always been. Yeah, always. But it's just, but The, but the, but the image is like, Come on. Yeah. It's pretty crazy. Yeah.


Whatever it is is pretty crazy. And the fact that they don't know how they made it is also pretty crazy. Yeah. It's not a painting. Nope. And then not, not exactly sure how it even came about. Yeah. It had to have been some kind of intense light. Well, the, the thought was that even trying to replicate something like that today would be incredibly difficult to do. Sure. It's like an x-ray vision, you know? Yeah. It's like an x-ray. That's what it, they, you only see, you really see it in the negative only. Right. You know, it's Right. It's like a negative. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Hey, I buy it. But, but, but that's not the only reason I buy it. I mean, I think, you know, there's other logical reasons why I, why I believe so.


Like, what are those Oh, okay. Stuff that happens in your own life, the results you get from actually appealing to a power greater than yourself, you know? And I mean, I don't think it's any secret. I am flawed in the fact that I am, by nature born an alcoholic. Right. I did drugs, I did alcohol. So, and there was nothing that could stop me from doing that. Nothing. So I was really kind of on, you're on a downhill run. So I regard the fact that I was able to appeal to something greater than myself to help me and actually stop me doing that.


I think that's a miracle. Hmm. It is for me. It is. And for many, You know, so, Well, that is the thing about aa, right? It's, it's part of the whole process is appealing to a higher power. Sure. It's a spiritual program. Yeah. Because you're suffering your spiritual ma, You know? Yeah. So it's a spiritual cure. And that's the essence, I think, of why it works, because you can't explain it otherwise. I mean, it's you, well, you kind of can, but I think what you're being asked to do is to think about other people and other things more than yourself, because it's kind of an ego disease.


Yeah. So if you, That is the problem with addiction, right. It's very narcissistic. Very narcissistic. Because you're constantly thinking about yourself And what you need. I need a drink, I need a bump. I need a lot, you know, I need something. Sure. I need ev or, yeah. And no matter what you need, it's never gonna be enough. Right. Right. So you actually have to appeal to something outside that you consider bigger and better than yourself, which instantly kind of pushes you more in the direction of humility. Yes. Because, because you're not the center of the universe anymore. Right. And that you can't do it. And the first step in any of that sort of stuff is accepting that you are powerless over it.


That's the first, that's the first, that's the most powerful step you can do, is that you're powerless when you realize that, you're like, okay, Yeah. There's, Fuck, all I can do about this. I have to appeal to something better than me. And that, to me is a miracle. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's a very uniquely human thing, the ability to course Correct. And also just the, the concept of addiction in the first place. Sure. You know, it's a very uniquely human thing that we all know. There's dark roads, our mind can go down. And then we wonder like, what is the purpose of these dark thoughts? What is the purpose of this destructive behavior that we're, we're all prone to in some way, shape, or form? What is the purpose of everything? Yeah. I mean, Like, right.


I mean, why am I here? What's the meaning of this? Yeah. And I'm looking for purpose and, And what is it we're here for? I think, You know, we have to leave some stuff, but you have to leave some good stuff. You can leave plenty of bad stuff, you know, and it's, and we're all prone that way. I often think about, you know, the human race as a whole. You know, you think about guys like, you know, Stalin or Hitler or Chairman Mao, or the, and I'm, I'm pretty sure I'm not gonna be sharing a cell in the afterlife with those guys, you know? Right. I don't know where I'll be on the ladder, but Depends on how you end up. Right.


Well, That's it. Yeah. It really is. Yeah. It's, it's like, you know, and we're allowed to make mistakes, and we do. We are so flawed. And I am, I, I'm more flawed than anyone, you know, but it's something that you, I think, and it's pretty safe to say, I'm in the third act now you're in act two. Right. Good and tight. But I'm, I'm like, I'm in the third act, man. So you got, you have to think about the other side. Yeah. You have to think about what comes next. Is there a next Yes, there is. I believe there is. And I think it's depends on how you live now. And, and the beauty of believing is that even for your transgressions, You can be forgiven and you can be redeemed.


But it's all up here. Right. You know, Is the true acceptance and understanding of what you've done And what you should do. Sure. You have to look at yourself honestly. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Absolutely. Honestly, you have to be able to accuse yourself and, and understand that there is, there's, it's a great deal of mercy involved in the fact that I believe that God sent his son down to tell us, okay, I'm gonna ransom you people from your fallen nature and and I'll give you a roadmap on how to do it.


And, and people do it. There's even people that do it that have never even heard of it. You know, some guy in the jungle someplace, I'm sure. Right. You know, because the creator is above the law. I mean, it's an interesting fact to note that the first canonized saint, you know who it was? No. The first ever confirmed canonization as a saint was dismiss. You know, who dismiss was? No. He was hanging, he was the thief on the cross next to Jesus. Oh.


And he says to him, you're gonna be okay this day. You'll be with me. I'm baptized, criminal, all that stuff. So, Wow. The lawmaker is above the law. So there's a lot of mercy. What about people that never experienced Christianity? What about the, the, that's I'm saying uncontacted people. That's right. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Some guy in the jungle. Yeah. It's been known that, it's called invincible ignorance, because they don't know what the truth is. You know, it's possible that they can be saved as well.


I, you know. So What are your thoughts on evolution? Hmm. Wow. Eh, The Darwin thing. Yeah. I don't really go for it. No. Yeah. Ice age, dinosaurs, you know, what did they turn into? I mean, things became extinct at some point. I don't think I was some kind of like, you know, legless thing that crawled out of the ocean. I don't think I came from that. I think I was created. Do you think other things were legless things that came out of the ocean?


Do you think? Like multi-celled organisms came out of single celled organisms, and there was some sort of a natural selection and random mutation, and it led to everything else, but us Sure. Look at gain of function. Right. You can, like, You can make stuff happen. And I'm sure stuff did happen, but I think it's all part of creation. I think it's all ordered. I think anyone left anything left to itself without some kind of intelligence behind it, will devolve into chaos. And so that there has to be some big intelligence that orchestrates everything. Not that we don't have chaos in the world, but I think that's our own making.


But what do you think separates us from All the other creatures? Wow. I think we have a soul. We're created with a soul. And, you know, I went to a restaurant last night, it was a steakhouse in Austin, And it was interesting because All the pictures on the wall are pictures of animals that look resentful, like cows and steers staring at you looking angry as you rip into a stake. But I just believe we, we are higher than those creatures because we have a soul. We have an intellect above theirs. And, and we aspire to, to hire things.


We have, we have aspirations. Right. And, you know, this is part of why people drink and smoke and do dope and all this kind of stuff, is because they're looking for a, a spiritual experience. They're looking for, like, they actually call alcohol spirits. I mean, right. It's, they're looking for something higher. And I think we all have that yearning in that we wanna be happy and we want to be at peace, and we want everything to be hunky dory. So there's this yearning in building all of us for that to aspire to something greater. And that's why we're inspired by stories, I think, because it's like, you know, hero stories, you know, Joseph Campbell's stuff, the hero with a thousand Faces and stuff.


It's like, these stories inspire us. I met, I, I was at a party the other day in, in, in Tennessee. And you think Tennessee, what's gonna happen there? It's gonna be squeal like a pig. No, man. There's some people live in Tennessee. Sure. But like, amazing people. And I found myself in a conversation with four tier one dudes, all of who did something extraordinary. And it was that Tom Slaley guy. It was the Black Hawk down guy. There was Sean Ryan, who's, he's got, you've probably heard of this guy. Yeah. Friend of his, yeah. Right. Yeah. There was a guy called Christian Craighead.


You know who that guy is? No. Whoa. And then there was Eddie. They wrote a book about him. Eddie Gallagher. Gallagher, yeah. Eddie Gallagher. I was talking to four of these guys at the same time. And I didn't know who to, who do you even talk to? But their stories are amazing, especially, and the one guy I ended up talking to was a, an SAS guy, British SAS. And he just looks like a bank teller. But he did something extraordinary and in incredibly brave and, and with no regard for himself, only regard for other people.


And it was like, whoa. You hear these stories and it sort of just like, it pumps you up. You think, would I, could I do that? Could I be that person? I don't know if I could. I don't. In, in a way, I don't even want to ever find out, because you have to be in an extreme situation. Right. But, but hearing about other people and how they behave in situations that are difficult is very inspiring. So, you know, it's, yeah. There's so many of those stories around and through history. Well, that's another unique thing about human beings, is that we learn from others in a very extraordinary way. And that's one of the reasons why we like stories.


Yeah. Why we like myths and fables. 'cause there's, there's lessons you can apply to your own life without having to actually go through those things. Yeah. Well, that's right. I made a film about that guy, Desmond Dos, you know, I don't know if you saw it, it was like Hacksaw Ridge. It was this film, And it was about a medic who figured so much killing going on. He's gonna go into the battlefield and save lives. And he didn't have a weapon. And he was in the worst place on earth. And he, he got a, a, a congressional medal of honor because he kept going in to the worst place possible and dragging wounded guys out. Hmm. With no regard for himself.


I mean, who does that kind of stuff. Right. And over and over again. He didn't just do it once. He did it hundreds of times. He finally got, you know, hit with shrapnel and a bunch of other stuff. But he lived to be an old man, but Wow. And it was just pure faith, you know? So, you know, those guys, that those kind of stories inspire the hell out of me. Anyway. So when, back to this idea of evolution. So do you believe that evolution exists in animals? Do you think there's some sort of a natural selection process? Or do you think that it is all intelligent design?


Well, I think everything was created right. And maybe things do move on and adapt and change through time. But I think that that's a function of an intelligence also. And I mean, look at the fires in la You know, I mean, what's that gonna do? It's gonna give me a new house, You know, maybe, maybe. And Or a new place to live. Yeah. Something. Yeah. I'm just not totally convinced. I feel it. I'm my, and, and I can't really, I'm, I'm sorry. I can't intellectually tell you why I don't believe in evolution, but I don't, it's just a feeling. I don't think I was some ape, or I don't think my ancestors were.


I think they had to be pretty smart to survive. So what do you think all these prehuman hominids are that they keep discovering? Like, what, tell me what a prehuman hominid is. Like Australia IC is All right. Or, or some of the other humanlike creatures that never made it. Like Dennis os Neandertals. Yeah. Yeah. Stuff like that. Okay. Well, they've got st something called Xhr. You remember him? No. Zop man. And he was like, he, he looked kind of like this, but he was like, they, they looked at it and they did some core samples on it, And it was put out there by people advocating evolution. And they discovered that it was a human skull attached to the jaw of an ape.


Oh, I do Remember this. So It was a hoax. Yeah. There's been some hoaxes. Yeah. Yeah. But there's also been real stuff. Really? Yeah. You don't think so? Well, maybe. Well, what? Well, you know, like, I don't know. Tell me. Well, what was that one that we looked at the other day that was one of the first pre-humans that buried their, their, their young or buried their dead, rather? Was it Homo n Aldi? What was it? You remember that? Yeah. I just, I can't remember how to say it, but lady, no lady. Yeah. Pre prehuman Hoed, very small creature that buried their young, or buried their dead, rather.


I keep saying buried their young, they buried their dead. You know, Australia Ticus, there's, there's a bunch of different, You know, the Lucy Skeleton, there's a bunch of different Sure. Prehuman Hominids. Yeah. Maybe there were monkeys. I don't know, You know? Yeah. But well, there was, they're similar to us, just not where we are. Yeah. They're on the road to becoming what, what it means to be a human being. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. What do you think those are? I don't Know. They could be animals or they could be like, look at today. I mean, you can get some mosquito can bite you and, and your kid can be born with a malformed skull or something. It's like, you know, they have those, you know? Yeah. But this is like a, like a genetic thing.


Like they've done, they've mapped the genome of these creatures. Oh, they have, they're different. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I don't know how to explain those, Joe. Yeah. I don't know. But, But you do think that human beings were created by God? Sure. I do. Yeah. When do you think that happened? When? Oh, probably. And not that long ago. Really? No, not really. Like what do you mean by not that long ago? Probably only about 8,000 years ago. Really? Yeah. So what do you think things like Go Beckley tap are when they find these constructions that are dated carbon dated to 11,000 plus years old? I question carbon dating. Really? Yeah. Well, that makes, there's a lot, lot's a lot simpler.


Well, yeah, They, they're, yeah. Well, there's a lot of money in, in, in, you know, claims and, I don't know, Water water's there. Yeah. Well, carbon dating seems to to be pretty rock solid studies. Yeah. I mean, science, the science behind radiocarbon dating and detecting carbon isotopes, it's like, that's pretty Yeah. Pretty legit. Yeah. I don't know. I can't square it. Yeah. Well, you don't have to. And, And I don't have to. And I, yeah. And what difference is it gonna make to Me? Yeah. That's the thing. It's, it doesn't make a difference in terms of your experience in this life on earth.


No. Like, you, you can have your faith and your ideas and live a great life from beginning to end. And it might not suit you to really ponder evolution and All the puzzles and problems. No, It doesn't. You know? Yeah. And I just like, You know, I look at all sorts of stuff like that. Like, You know, the, You know, the icebergs melting and the water overflowing. It's not Ever Having a glass full of ice and watch it melt. Did you ever see the glass flow over? No. It Takes lot less room, You know? Yeah. You know, the hot greenhouse, whatever, you know. Well, there's a lot of horse shit that's involved in climate change for sure. I've studied that and I've taught, had many discussions over the last four years.


The problem with anything is that once a narrative gets established, and then there, there's a profit attached to the solution to that narrative. Yes. And that's green energy and green energy bills. And then there's businesses that are wrapped around there. And then there's also this fear that they love to pump into people about climate change. That, you know, they terrify the shit outta young people. That we're gonna destroy the world. And climate change, you must act now, and then you become beholden to the political party, that it's espousing these ideas. And then their, your enemy is the deniers of this science. Yes. Even though you don't even understand the science. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And did you see the Washington Post article that they published recently about temperature change on earth?


No. Well, there's a down, like what they've realized is over the last, you know, X amount of thousands of years that the temperature on earth is plummeting. Yeah. And it's dropping. And then when they look at the, the dips, this is the most important thing for anybody that's really freaked out about climate change. There's no static temperature of earth ever. There's never been a time where it maintains a temperature until human beings came along and fucked it all up. That is just not real. Before human beings ever existed. If you trust these core samples, there's been a giant rise and fall. And this constant dip. I, there it is.


Yeah. Scientists have captured the earth's climate over the last four 85 million years. Here's a surprising place we stand now. Look at the dip at the end. Whoa. That's where we are. Yeah. That's, that's reality. Okay. And then if you look at the course of history, you look at the rise and fall, like it's never a straight line. Way before human beings ever existed. If you believe these silly people, way before human beings had ever existed, there's always this rise and fall. And this idea that the whole thing is based on carbon emissions from human beings is total bullshit. It's not true. Right. We might be having an effect, but we're having a small effect, a very small effect.


And the other things are completely outside of our control, including solar activity. The distance between the earth and the sun. You know, there's a lot of factors. There's, there's all sorts of factors involving natural activities like volcanic emissions, You know, which devastate, you know, the entire human race was knocked down to a few thousand people. Yeah. At one point in time because of the toba volcano. Oh my god. Yes. Yeah. No light. Yeah. No light for years. Yeah. Good luck. Yeah. Yeah. Good luck. And the people that survive are fucking barbarians. Yeah. This most savage. And then they, it takes a long time before they can figure out civilization again after that.


Right. It's like dinosaurs. They just stop. So what are they evolve into? Chickens, I guess. Birds, raptors. Yeah. Well, they think a lot of dinosaurs had feathers now. Yeah. That's the, the newest thing. Huh? Maybe You don't think so. I don't know. I need to take a pee. I'm so desperate. Okay, Let's take a Pee. Let's take a pee. We'll take a break. We'll be right back. I need to take a piddle. It's a nice picture. It's, That's gotta be a moment in your head where you're just like, every now and then, just go, fuck. Yeah. Yeah. It is funny. Yeah. But it was a good picture. The only thing that was going through my head was, okay, I, I just can't look bad and I didn't have anything, no grooming implements.


So I just tried, tried my best to not look too bad. There You go. Yeah. Talk about humility. Like what gives you more humility than being publicly humiliated? Yeah, sure. Yeah. Public humiliation. And it's, You know what most, for most people, it is their number one fear Sure. Is public humiliation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Public speaking. And because of that public humiliation Sure. Yeah. Happens All the time Because we're so concerned about other people's opinions of us, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Because we're not sure Sure. Our own opinions of Well, you've been through a lot. Well, So have you. Yeah. I mean, I remember, you know, I think they were, they were giving you a grilling once for taking horse worm medicines.


Yeah. Funny. Which, Yeah. Funny how that works. Yeah. Funny how that works. Funny. How funny how that does work. Yeah. What's really funny is how that was that de a part of the demise of mainstream media because people were like, well, this is crazy. This doesn't make, are you guys really the news? Like, what is this? Yes, I know. You know, they seem to be, they seem to be complicit with a A 100%. Hmm. And you know, you think, well, why, but Why 'cause of money, I guess. I think this is what we're talking about before, that there is good and evil. Yeah. Yeah. And sometimes it manifests itself in a very clear and obvious way. And I think that's what that was. That was evil. That was putting people's lives second and putting money first.


Well, I don't know why Fauci still walking around. How is that guy still walking around? I don't get it. If just people understand the history of the AIDS crisis And what that guy did back then. Did you read that book? Yeah. Yeah. I read the book. I listened to it. Yeah, I did too. I drove up to San Francisco and I listened to it and I had road rage. Oh yeah. And it was like, whoa. How is he still there? How is first of all, people that don't believe it? How come RFK Jr didn't get sued? Yeah. How come there's no lawsuits? If there was lies, there would be lawsuits. No, but that's right. He'd be publicly humiliated. Instead, they kept that book off. Bestseller lists. That book sold millions of copies. I know. They hid it. That's when you find out that bestseller lists are actually curated.


It's not really bestseller. Yeah. It's censored. It's all censored. Yeah. Everything's censored. You know? But that book is an accurate depiction of what Anthony Fauci did during the AIDS crisis. Yes. Which probably was an A ZT crisis. Yeah. And it was an AIDS crisis. I Mean, it's, it's fairly incontrovertible now that he was fooling with gain of function. 100%. And, And you know, it's, you know, what are the, why is he still around? Right. Or at least free. Right. Right. And no repercussions. Yeah. Whatever happened to that story where, you know, the wombat and the, and the weasel got together and they were horsing around and a bat pissed on with a golden shower with, you know, like, and all of a sudden it was in a wet market.


Yeah. Very wet market. You got, you know, Complete total horse shit. And totally. The scientists that we're supposed to, to trust Yeah. For pitching that horse shit. It was like The AIDS thing. Some green monkey, bit of Qantas Stewart on the ass. Then he went around the world and got everybody sick. And it was like, you know, ridiculous. If you want to go through the AIDS rabbit hole, look up a guy named Peter Berg. Oh yes, I know. Yeah. I read that book. Yeah. That is crazy. Yeah. Because if he's telling the truth, this is the fucking Covid crisis times a thousand. Yeah. I had him on the podcast way back in the day. He was one of the earlier guests that I had. It was like way back in like 2010. And it was one of the first times I got openly attacked for someone being on the podcast. They was like, blood is on your hands. I'm like, first of all, no, it's not.


It's 2010. Who's dying of aids? Zero people. So, stop. It's not blood's on your hand. Like, if this guy's correct, he's a tenured professor at the University of California Berkeley, who is like, his work on cancer is, you know, everybody thinks it's groundbreaking work. Brilliant doctor. But he was a heretic. He was a guy who stood outside of fauci s the narrative doctrine and the narrative. And he said, I don't believe that HIV is what's causing this when all these people that are having these immune systems are all heavy drug users. Yeah, that's right. He's like, I think this is a disease of a decimation of the immune system due to heavy drug use. And then on top of that, you're prescribing this chemical, this a ZT that kills people.


Yeah. No, they stopped using it for chemotherapy. 'cause it was killing them quicker than cancer was. I was in the Sydney Theater Company in the nineties, and I was gonna a funeral once a month of friends'. They were all dying. It's crazy. In the, in the, in the eighties and nineties. And They were all getting a ZT. Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. I don't Know. Well, the ones that were getting a ZT, even the ones that were asymptomatic. Yeah. Like Magic Johnson, they were giving Magic Johnson a ZT. He had to stop taking it. Yeah. 'cause he was making him sick. It was killing him. Yeah. Yeah. I read it. And like, it's even with RFKs book. And, and he's an amazing guy.


People say, oh, he's kooky, he's crazy. He's Not crazy. He's not, he's, He's one of the most erudite, you know, he's not, they say he's an anti-vaxxer. He's not, he's not, he's like, he's, he's, he's a very shrewd, he's never lost a case, I don't think when he brings something to suit, I don't think he's ever been defeated. But that book is not just him. It's him and about a thousand highly qualified scientists and physicians commenting on Yes. The whole situation. Yeah. So when you read it, it's, it's a pretty convincing document. And you're right. Nobody sued him for it. Yeah. You know, it's pretty scary. Well, not, not only do they not sue him, their their response is to try to ignore it. They don't want to debate him on it.


They don't wanna do anything. No. They wanna just ignore it and hope it goes away. But it doesn't go away. And the more people talk about it, the more people read it. And when you do read it and you go, if this is true, what the fuck is going on? And how is that monster still loose? Yeah. Oh, well, and he seems like a monster, the way he talks about things. He just seems, well, first of all, there's so many instances of him lying s so many, like where he said one thing two years later, it turns out to be a lie. Said one. Like, whether, whether it is the the mask thing. Yeah. The mask thing. Whether it's the natural spillover, you know, the, the, the lies about gain of function to Congress, You know? Yeah, sure. When he was lying to Rand Paul about whether or not they did gain a function research, like how was that not perjury?


How is he not in trouble? Yeah. Well, well hey, other mysteries, you know? Well then the Biden administration is now talking about taking that guy and, and giving him a full pardon? It's Like, yeah. Fucking crazy. Yeah. They might, you know, I gave Hunter a pardon. Yeah. But, but Hunter's son, Hunter didn need a Pardon? Was he indicted? Well, I mean, he was in trouble for tax evasion. Oh, I see. There's a lot of tax problems. He's, he, he definitely did some uncool things. And then there's the Barisma thing. But the crazy thing about his pardon is it starts at the time of him being involved in Barisma. So it's from 2011 All the way to today.


Right. That's, that's what he hardened him, is the, the biggest sweeping pardon than anyone's ever received. Ever. And Biden's pardoned more people than anybody ever too. Yeah. He's already over 8,000 people pardoned. Yeah. A lot of criminals on death row and stuff. Yeah. Well there's that. And, but then there's also people that, like the kids for cash judges, you know, the, where they were locking up kids and putting 'em in child detention centers because they wanted money. Right. And they were doing it for kickbacks. Yeah. I saw that. There's a documentary Evil. Yeah. Evil. Again, what we're talking about good and evil. Yeah. Like they're, these are real things and rational people that profess themselves to be intelligent and secular.


They don't wanna believe in good and evil. They don't think that they're, they just think people do bad things. People have motivations, they do bad things, but they don't want to believe in the concept of good and evil. Yeah. Because these are biblical concepts. They are. Right. Yeah. And I, you know, they've been around since the beginning And people want to pretend they're smarter than the people that sort of embrace these biblical concepts. Right. Or Yeah. I think that goes into evolution again, doesn't it? Yeah. Are we smarter than our grandparents? You know, I don't know. Well, we are about some things, but we can't survive the way they did. Nope. They're obviously intelligent. Yeah. It's just, they didn't have access to information the way we do. But there's a difference between information and intelligence.


Sure. Yeah. I don't have many devices for information. I read books. I read mostly history books. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I got a recommend book to you. Okay. It's fascinating. And it's, I, it's called The Frontiersman and it's about a guy called Simon Kenton. You ever hear Of this guy? No. Whoa. And it was written by a guy who's now deceased. His name is Alan Ecker. And it is really about opening up Ohio and Kentucky and places like that. Mm. With this guy Simon Kenton, who was just an Irish immigrant.


He wasn't much for farming and stuff, but he thought he killed a guy. And so he ran away 'cause he thought he'd be indicted for some crime or something. And he ended up being this frontiersman. And it is, it's a very interesting document because you get the history of what was going on at the time when the country was opening up between the settlers and the Indians. You know, the Shawnee, one of the most brutal books I've ever read. Really? Oh, It's, it's very well done. And it has a narrative, but it's reconstructed from his, you know, all kinds of historical documents and letters and diaries and all this kind of stuff.


So I think the guy took about 15 years to sort of compile all this stuff and write it. And the first half of the book is about this guy Simon Kenton. And the second half is about Kusa, you know, the chief, really great book. One of the, one of the most fascinating books I've read. You can't put it down. Really? Yep. Because it's just like, it's like little chapters. I'm gonna get that right now. Yeah. Have you ever read the Empire of the Summer Moon? No. Empire of the Summer Moon is about the Comanche. Oh yeah. And it's all about the settling of this area. Right. It's fucking incredible. Right. And again, one of the most brutal books ever. So this is The Frontiersman. The Frontiersman by Alan Eckert.


Yeah. Hmm. I'm gonna kick that right now just so that I make sure that I have it. Yeah. And it's all in little bite-sized chunks. And it actually, for a history book, it has this incredible narrative with heroes and villains and, and All the players. Very interesting document. I'm getting it right now. Yeah. Oh yeah. Don't read it before bed. No, No. It gets pretty, it gets pretty dark. Why? Why are you so drawn to history?


I Don't know. I think because maybe I'm trying to learn something. It's been about 80 years since the last big war, Alan Eckert. Got it. I think I just wanna learn, you know, I mean, my dad went to World War ii, he went to Guadalcanal. Right. He got bit by mosquitoes. He had, You know, malaria him, which is interesting to note that he used to take hydroxychloroquine. You get a malaria attack. Isn't That crazy? And then when I tried, when my doctor recommended, I get it. When I had Covid, they gouged me 800. It used to cost him 30 bucks. They wanted 800 bucks for they were gouging.


Well, not only that, when Trump talked about it, then they all of a sudden they demonized it. Yeah. Yeah. They laughed. Yeah. Yeah. Which is crazy because it's an antiviral. It works. Yeah. It works on malaria. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. And people have been taking it forever. Sure. Pregnant women can take it if they have the flu and it doesn't hurt the baby, you know? Yeah. It's pretty safe. It's like ivermectin, you know? But that's what's so bizarre about the time that we just went through, because there's more information now available to people instantaneously than ever before. Yeah. You look it up on your phone, you instantly know, oh, ivermectin, the guy who created it won the Nobel Prize. Yeah. 2014 or Something. Yeah. 15. Yeah. For use in human beings. Yeah. Yeah. So what the fuck is going on? Yeah. Like how, who's running this thing and It's harmless.


Yeah. And it wasn't made for horses. Right. It was made for people and then they used it for horses. Right, right. So, Well, it's like saying penicillin is for horses. 'cause they use that on horses too. Like that's stupid. They told me it was for moldy bread. That's what it was from. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, there's a lot of medications used on animals too. You can't say it's a veterinary medication just 'cause it's also used on animals. No, that's true. It's been used on literally prescribed billions of times on human beings. Yeah. It's like the stem cell stuff. They started using it on horses with matic lung conditions, race horses. 'cause they would bleed and they got the stem cells from the, from the umbilical cords of their offspring, injected it into them and it healed their lungs.


Which is part of my story. 'cause I smoked for 45 years and I couldn't stop. And I read this silly book by Alan Carr, not the little guy who, You know, managed the village people in the Kfan, the little fat guy. But no, this other guy, Alan Carr. And he wrote this book and it's the only thing that made me stop. Said it worked like crazy. But The book made you stop. Like, what was the Book made me stop the book? What was this book? It was the book called The Easy Way to Stop Smoking. And it's a silly title. Right. And it was sat on, my son gave it to me. He said, stop smoking dad. Here, here's this book. I left it on. I used to walk past the bookshelf. I go, dumb book, dumb title, you know.


And then I finally, my doctor said, you have first stage emphysema. And I'm like, you gotta be kidding me. He says, yeah, you gotta kit the, I, eh, I better read this book. So I read the book and I stopped. Right. So it was, I think it was like neurolinguistic programming or something like that. You read it and you're kind of self hypnotize yourself. But it worked. What did the book tell you? Like It said, it didn't tell you you're bad. You're, you know, you're gonna die. It didn't tell you all that sort of stuff. It was like, I mean, they had things like, maybe, maybe I'm blowing it, but they had a chapter where it says, okay, we focused on the negative aspects of smoking.


Now we're gonna talk about the good aspects of smoking in the next chapter. And then you turn the page and the page is empty. You know? And it's just a trick. It's a mind trick. The whole thing was a mind trick. But it worked. And I don't know why it worked, but it was sort of like self-hypnosis while you're reading the book. And it wasn't a negative thing. Like, I gotta stop this. It's bad, it's bad. I'm, I'm scared. It wasn't even that. In fact, if I hadn't had the stem cells afterwards, my lungs completely healed from that. By the way, Did it do it intravenously? Yeah. Intravenous. And it gets stuck in your lungs. And it was this Dr. Rearden That was rearden. Yeah. Yeah. We talked. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It worked. Stem cells are incredible. And the fact that you can't get 'em the way they can get 'em in overseas.


No. The way, the way you can get it in Panama, where ridin has this clinic and Tijuana, they're Getting better here. They're Getting better. But there's so much resistance because the FDA Yeah, sure. And the resistance is purely because of money. It's, again, it's an evil thing. It's not because they're, they're not effective. It's not because they're dangerous. It's just because of money. I think so. Yeah. And You know, there's an agenda. I think, you know, pharma wants to keep you on stuff. Yeah. They wanna sell you something. So if there's a a surefire cure for something, it's not necessarily hailed. No. Well, and then there's also the problem of the media. Yeah. The media is lockstep in with these businesses that are promoting these things.


Yes. And they're not giving you information. They're giving you propaganda before they're giving you information. Propaganda is more important to them than information. Yeah. And that's what's crazy. It's like we we're counting on you guys and you fucked us. You fucked us for four years with this CO thing. And now you expect us to listen to you about the fucking swine flu or the bird flu or whatever other thing you're trying to freak us out about. Which always coincides with some sort of a political event. Like here it is, the inauguration of the new president and Oh, look at this. There's a new disease. What Have we got now? What is it? Yeah. Do you think there will be, Well there is, there's this fucking H sw Flu, H five N one, whatever it is.


I Thought it was bird flu. One bird flu. One person died, one person in America, first person died 65 years old with a bunch of comorbidities. Yeah. Okay. Which is usually what it is. But that by the way, 65 people with a bunch of comorbidities die All the time of nothing. They die of anything. Any, I mean this is like a car that's falling apart and you run over a nail and Oh, the nail killed the car. You know, that car was falling the fuck apart. Yeah. Like the, the nail you ran over was the last nail in the coffin. But the thing was falling apart. I got covid from my gardener and he had it first, and then I got it and I was like, ah, did I grab the hose or what? You know, what was, I dunno. But it was, it was, I knew the guy for 20 years and we both went to the same hospital and he died.


And I didn't. Jesus. I think we both got rem Desi. Yeah. Which is not good. Not good. Not good man. Causes kidney failure. I know. I, I couldn't walk for three months after I had that stuff. Really? Because it kills you. I found that afterwards it kills you. And that's why I wonder about fauci, you know? Oh, you should wonder about that guy. Yeah. Well meanwhile they were trying to stop people from getting monoclonal antibodies. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Well, they've restricted monoclonal antibodies, which is fucking insane because they wanted to promote that vaccine. 'cause they wanted a profit off of it. Which brings us back again to evil. Evil's real. It's real. Putting money over human lives is evil. I agree. It's, it's a real thing.


And there's a, there's a temptation to do it too, which is even more crazy. Yeah. I don't believe that there is anything that can afflict mankind that hasn't got a natural cure for it. I think that there has to be, it just makes sense to me. Now. I couldn't prove that, but I just believe that Yeah. That there's gotta be something that cures things. And I'll tell you a good story. Okay. I have three friends, all three of 'em had stage four cancer. All three of them don't have cancer right now at all. And they had some serious stuff going on. And what did they take?


Jesus. They took some, what you've heard, they've taken Ivermectin, fol Femazole. Yeah. That stuff. Yeah, I'm hearing that a lot. They drank hydrochloride something or other. There's studies on, that's now where people have proven that they, they've People drinking methylene blue and Stuff like Yeah. Methylene blue, which was a fabric dye. Yeah. Yeah. It was a textile dye. And now they find out has profound effects on your mitochondria. Yep. Yeah. This stuff Works, man. And there's a lot of stuff that does work, which is very strange because again, it's profit. When you, when you hear about things that are demonized and that, that turn out to be effective, you always wonder, well, what is going on here?


How is, how is our medical institutions, how have they failed us so that things that do cure you are not promoted because they're not profitable that they can't control it. They don't have a patent on it. Whether it's vitamin d, k two and magnesium. Yep. You know? Well, yeah. I'm All that ing Corin. I do all that stuff. I do all that stuff. Did you do the Brea thing? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Me Too. I lost, I do All that stuff. Yeah. I lost like 30 pounds. Right. That's fantastic. I was talking to Dana and he said, oh, You know, I was a, You know, and he, and I said, yeah, I gotta do something about this. I'm like, I'm 5 10, 2 35. You know, that's too fat. Yeah. So I had to, I had to sort of roll it back some. Now I'm under 200, which is about That's great.


Should be, you know, but, And it was that Breca stuff? No, Gary's a national treasure. Yeah. Jumping to Coale and you shit on all over the place too. Oh sure. Yeah. Going to sauna. But I feel better. Oh yeah. Oh, I do all that stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Coal plunge, sauna. I'm ritualistic with it. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. It's part of my everyday life. You, I hear your, your cold plunge is like 34. I don't understand that though. I mean, dude, I 34 degrees. Yeah. Whoa. Yeah. It's cold. That's Hardcore. Yeah. You get accustomed to it. It to me is not, I guess, I mean, it sucks every time I do it. I'm like, don't do it. Don't, there's like the part of me that's like my inner bitch. I was like, oh, we don't have to do this. We don't have to do this. But luckily the general is stronger than the inner bitch.


The general is always telling shut the fuck up and get in there. And I just get in there every day. But I do Like 48 man's. That inner bitch is always talking though. He never shuts up. No. Never shuts up. Don't ever think that it, like, even though I do it every day, anybody who's like, I don't know how you do it. I don't know how I do it either, but I fucking do it. I make sure I do it. I just, I'm the boss. Yeah. Do you do the saunas too? Oh yeah. Do you do the red light bed? I, I have a red light bed. Yeah. Yeah. I have a sauna red light bed. I have a hyperbaric chamber. Wow. I have everything. Okay. I Barry chambers of the best Man. Yeah. It's incredible, incredible Teamwork. I gotta get back in there. Oh. I feel like I got more holes in my head. It's phenomenal. For just overall recovery of, for everything. Yeah. And it's, it's also been shown to lengthen telomeres.


They did a study out of Israel. Oh yeah. Yeah. They gave people a protocol over 90 days. You do 60 sessions of 90 minutes over 90 days. Yeah. And it's shown the length in telomeres and decrease your biological age. Okay. And you just feel fucking great. That makes sense to me. Yeah. Yeah. You're flooding your body with oxygen. Most diseases, a lot of them come from a lack of oxygen. You know, your body not having enough oxygen is very bad for you. Yeah. I used to have a chaung master. This is what kind of blows my mind about medicine and about ancient stuff. This guy is from Shanghai. He didn't speak much English. Right.


A little bit. His wife would translate for him and he'd come in and he could like point at you right. From this far away and you'd feel it, but like, feel it like to the, as palpable as someone pushing you around, it's like Really? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm not kidding. Like, they like this. What year was this? When this was happening? Oh Shit. I met him when I was like 40. Yeah. He only just passed away. Damn. Too bad. I'd like to meet that Guy. Oh no, there's people like him. There are others like it. Yeah. Oh yeah. He's not the only one. He learned it from somebody. And I think he, I think he imparted some knowledge, but you know, he would get you and he could, he could like point at you and stuff like that.


And it, it makes you wonder like how did they build the pyramids? You know? I mean if, if he can use his mind and kind of get into quantum physics and move shit around with thought and with energy. There's actual energy coming out of his fingers. They could have built a pyramids like that. I don't know. Maybe somebody had that down somewhere, but, well, I'd like to hear a better explanation. Me Too. Well, it's, it was really weird. I, he, one time he was working on me and he was working on my liver. He said, your liver is blocked. 'cause he looks at you and if you look at him, he looks away and his wife engages you while he checks you out. And then he gives you a little body map and he puts Xs all over it.


And you go, yeah, that's right. I got a pain here and a thing there. And you know, he knows where everything is. He knows exactly what's going on. Did You ask him what he's, is he seeing your aura? Like what is he seeing? Everything. He sees everything. He was an allopathic doctor. First. He went to medical school, he could write you a prescription. He could do all that stuff. He was a doctor. And then he saw a chaung master, this old guy. And people were lining up, getting cured. And he thought, that's really interesting. And he learned that on top of being an allopathic doctor. Hmm. So one day he's at me on my back and he's pushing, and I can feel my back. And I'm at the wall and there's a poster of a film on the wall, you know, my office.


And I'm looking at, and I can see him in the background. And he's like down like this, like, ah, like kung fu pointing, pointing rays of energy at me. And he hit me. He started yelling at my organ, at my liver, like come out, you know, whatever. And I, I went up the wall and there was like eight inches of air under my heels. And I was up the wall. And I was like, whoa. And I came back down and he freaked me out. And he, I looked at him and he just went, ah. He said, don't I, he's just science like that. He said, just science. Okay, just science. Yeah, Just science. And I was so freaked out. I went to a priest. I said, is this guy demonic or something goes, he's lifting me off the wall.


And, and the priest was like, he was an old Jesuit, right. A traditional old guy. And he was, he was a cross between Jimmy Stewart and Elmer Fudd. You know, that's, that's the way he sounded. And I said, is this anything like demonic about this guy? Like putting, he says, whoa, whoa, whoa. Did did he heal you like that? And I said, why? Yes, he did. And he said, that's all right then. And he says, I have no trouble with something like that. Because it was, it was within the realm of possibility that somebody had power like that. And that it's inexplicable, but that it works. And it did work. He, yeah, he just passed away.


He was pretty old. There was a, a place that, you know, I bought a comic club out here. And before the building that we bought was the Ritz Theater on sixth Street. But before that I was under contract to another building. And then this other building was owned by a cult. And this is a crazy story. The cult was awful, horrible. It's, there's a documentary on it. It's called Holy Hell. And this guy who was a gay porn star and a hypnotist. Yeah. He was a yoga instructor. Got a bunch of people in, in West Hollywood and then eventually moved 'em all out here to Austin. But what this guy was doing, one of the things that he would do to his disciples is he would do a thing called the knowing.


And they had to be chosen for, they had to earn it. And when he would get them and bestow the knowing upon them, he would touch their head and they would have this incredible experience where they said they contacted God. Now all these people denounced him. Eventually they left the cult. They all said he was a con man and this and that. But they all talked about that experience. And they said it was the most profound experience of their life. That they really do feel like they came in contact with God. And it's like, what can a person, if a person truly believes, and this other person truly believes that they can do this to them, and they have this moment and something does happen, like what is, is that all inside of us?


Do people have ways of pulling that out of you that we've lost track of that we don't know. And even an evil person is running a cult and manipulating people and exploiting people. He still Has this thing that he was able to do to them. That even after they've admitted that this guy exploited them, they say that was the most profound moment of their life. That's interesting, isn't it? Yeah. 'cause I think, yeah, there are party tricks that you can get. Right. But is that that party trick? If it really is a pathway to connect you at least temporarily with God, that there is a thing inside of, of us.


Well, That's why I went to the priest because I thought, listen. Right, Because I'm off the floor. Right. So I thought, I gotta check this out 'cause this is too weird. And he said, did he heal you? And I said, he did. And he said, that's all right then. Because the guy wasn't trying to get anything out of me. Right. In fact, he never charged me really. The first time I went to see him, he charged me And it was like, okay. And then he never charged me again. And he used to call me when I was sick. Really? I wouldn't call him. He knew when I was sick, he'd call me. He says, I need to come see you. I'm like, okay. So He had like some sort of a direct line with your energy, something Pretty amazing. Yeah.


And, and, and he could, oh, this is the other thing. He could teach you martial arts like quickly without you having to know what to do. It was a weird thing. He did it firstly with my son, who, he got him for a couple of weeks and like he said, I'm about to show you something. And I went out there and he blindfolded me. He had these two swords and he was doing all this, you know, this crazy stuff. I'm like, what the, I said, how did he, how did he learn that so fast? He said, it was in him. And I'm like, whoa. And then he started to, he started to do a thing with, he taught me how to harness this energy and to actually begin what seemed to be almost like involuntary movement.


And depending on the hand mode you took, it would create a style of, of kata or self-defense. I mean, I used to do like some, I used to do a crude martial art, not crude, but like a, a hard martial art coach. What was it? CK kai. Okay. Yeah. You know, way back, You know, KK karate? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I think it's Korean. It's Japanese. It is, yeah. I can't remember. But it's like, You know, I didn't stick with it, but it was, but, but he, he, he got this whole other approach of breathing and visualizations that would actually draw energy into your lower chakras. And then you'd, you know, you'd release the energy and it would create this kind of movement.


And I showed it to a friend of mine who was a martial artist, and I said, tell me about the footwork I'm doing here And what I'm doing. And he looked at me, he says, that looks really good to me. I said, it's, it was kind of like, what's that really soft kind of mark Tai chi? It was like that. I was doing stuff like that. It was crazy. Yeah. And it was, it was really a great release, but it was about visualization and breath. Yeah. And the release of those, that energy that you pent up from all around, that you visualized coming, manifesting itself in you. There's Gotta be something to all that stuff. People have been practicing Tai Chi for a long time. Yeah. They wouldn't be practicing to save movements for all these years if it didn't do something.


Yeah. Pretty interesting. Yeah. It keeps people young and healthy. They do it in Chi you see groups of people out in, in Asia, sort of out there in groups doing Yeah. All in unison. It's like, it's a, a good thing exercise. Yeah. What do you do now for exercise? Oh gosh. I'm terrible. I've been, I've come off, I'm falling apart. I got this, I got dead, dead guys parts in my shoulder. I've got, you know, cadaver parts in my, this shoulder fell apart. This shoulder fell a hip, a foot with terrible, I couldn't walk for about a year almost really. And so, you know, you fall down. That's partially why I had to go and see Bre. I sort of get the couch potato stuff off.


But, You know, I, I lift weights and I'd do some, You know, walking and stuff like that, like really get your heart rate up and stuff like that. So, you know, I'm trying, Hey, I'm, I'm, You know, I'm 69 years old, so it's like, it's getting to be like seven decades worth, you know? Yeah. But I wanna stay fit if I can. And I, I bang myself up a little too much in my early life, so I'm paying for it now. And like in your sixties, man, you're not there yet, but stuff starts like, giving up on You. Yep. It's like, oh, I feel it in my fifties. Oh, yeah. How, how Old are you?


57, 58 Is when it starts, man. Oh, Jesus. Yeah. That's what I, that's what I, that's, that's when I first noticed it was like, oh, what's going on with this here or this shoulder? And, and I went down to Rearden, Of course, who shot it up with stem cells. And it was good for like two years. You know, you Just gotta keep going back. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't go back often enough. That's the thing. I think it's just your body's just not gonna heal the way it did when you were younger, unless you consistently get therapy for that. Yeah. Yeah. You're in good shape though. Yeah. I mean, yeah. So I was in reasonable shape at 58, and I think I'm in reasonable shape now, but I'm, I'm just, you know, it's just trying to push the old man off using various methods to do it, you know?


Yeah. That's what it is. Yeah. Keep the body as young as you possibly can. Yeah. Yeah. And demand a lot from it. That's what I do. Yeah. I just demand a lot and make sure I recover. I think a lot of it's about meditation too. You know, You can actually get into a good head space that kind of cools you out and stops the stress. Even no matter what's going on, I'm gonna have to do it tonight when I find out whether I still have a home or not, You know? Yeah. So. Well, if anything looks demonic, it's the fires in Los Angeles. Yeah. I remember one time we were filming Fear Factor, and we had a drive home. We had to cancel a shoot or ended early and drive home because the fires had hit.


And this was like up, we were off the five and driving home for 50 minutes on the highway. The right side of the highway was in flames. Yeah. Like, Lord of the Rings, like, saw Ron is coming over the top. It looked fucking insane. It looked, it's biblical. Yeah. It looks insane. And you Gotta be careful too, 'cause you could die. Oh, 100%. If you can't breathe, I mean, come on. If you can't breathe, or if the car's in front of you catch fire and the wind blows this way, and All the cars catch fire and you can't get off the road. 'cause the, to the right of you is on fire to the left. You is on fire, and the fire's coming up the highway. Oh, yeah, yeah. People have died that way. And It can happen in an infant. Yep. I Got, I got hung once by mistake.


I, I, And it was, I was on a film set and I was, I had my neck and a noose, and I, and I was directing the film, so I was, I'm on a ladder and I'm like, so I'll just be hanging here like this. And then the next thing I knew, I was waking up, I was on the floor, you know, and there were all these people standing over looking at me and I'm saying, what are you people doing? Get to work. You know, it was like, and they said, well, you hung yourself. I said, whoa, you kidding me? It happens in an instant and you don't know it. It wasn't painful. Nothing. I was just gone. Well, you probably got choked out. Yeah. Choked out by the, by the noose. And then they grabbed me by the legs and got the rope off and Jesus, like, during Braveheart it was Oh, really?


Oh, wow. It was funny. So I, I found out what it was like to sort of go into the next realm, but Of course we, we did, I, I was fortunate enough to work with, with Ian Gracie, 39 years ago. Yeah. You know, he'd just come from Brazil. Well, I remember when you were doing Lethal Weapon, it was the first time I'd ever seen Juujitsu in a Movie. A leg choke on film. Yeah. He taught. Yeah. Jian taught me the leg choke. He said, now you grab your foot and you Yeah. Like, okay. And it was, it was cool, but it was, now my girlfriend does it and she's like a purple belt. So I've learned. Really? Yeah. I've learned Not to talk back. Oh, she's legit. Yeah. She's legit.


Yeah. Purple belt's. Legit Purple belt is basically a black belt. You just need a little bit more time. Yep. If you can get, I always tell all jujitsu students, if You can get to purple belt, you are a black belt. You're gonna be a black belt. Oh, she will be. You just gotta stay on that path. No, she is, she's obsessed with it. And she's, you know, as I say, I don't talk back to Her. I think the purple belt is the hardest belt to get to. It is because it's just like, in the beginning, you're just getting crushed. That's juujitsu. Especially for women. Yeah. It's so difficult for women because they don't have the physical strength that the men have. Yeah. 'cause you can kind of get away with a lot. If you're a big strong guy, you can get away with a lot of shit. But then by the time you get to purple belt, like, man, you have to have real technique and you have to have a real understanding of what's going on.


She's got a good mind. And I think she's like, like a chess player. It is like that. Because I know from fighting with her, she, she wins arguments when she's wrong. So sometimes you let them win though, right? You have to. It's just like, you gotta walk away. Oh, yeah. Sometimes it's like, ugh, You gotta go. Okay. It's My second thought in my first action. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yeah. But she got the purple belt. That's amazing. Yeah. Good for Her. Yeah, it's good for her. Yeah. Yeah. A woman black belt, that's an unbelievably exceptional woman. They can get to that because they have to roll with men. And it's just this, well, She does Get disadvantage, big Dudes and stuff.


And she's like, You know, she, yeah. She's done some exceptional things I've heard. So it's like, yeah, it's pretty good. That's awesome. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't follow it up. You can still do it. No, I'm a more baseball bat gun kind of guy. You know, I'm a trouble, I just thing, you know, that kind of stuff. Yeah. Well be careful with that. In California, you can wind up being in jail. Yeah, that's true. You wind up using it to protect yourself and to lock you up. Yes. It's, which Is also evil. Yeah. That happens a bit. Yeah. Oh, well, it's, yeah. There's a perverse nature in, in our society right now with the law. You know, when you look at your life now, and you're on your third act, as you were saying, like, what, what do you look forward to these days?


Is it creating things? It's creation. Yeah. Yeah. I think it is. It's about creation. And I figure I'm not, I'm, I'm pretty average at most things, but I'm good at a couple of things. You know, I, I know how to tell a story on film. I know how to do that. I don't know, that's a weird place to be, but I think a lot can be achieved by art and image, and you can convey a lot without actually having to say it. You can do things to affect people emotionally or spiritually, even without being overt.


I always, I always like to reference a just a shot that, and it's in a Ridley Scott movie. Right. And you don't know why it works, but, and or why it's effective on some level, but it's, it's kind of a profound effective shot. And it's that first shot in the Gladiator movie where he is running his hand over the wheat. Right. With that music and stuff. Why does that work? I don't know. You can't explain it, but it works Well, Ridley Scott is a master. Yeah. That's a, that's a visionary human being. He sees things, He knows how to shoot. Yeah.


Yeah. And that, and that is, that's really good. It's, it's a valid pursuit, I think, in storytelling. If you can do that, everything, every time he goes out there, it's a, it's eye candy. It's a feast for the eyes, you know? Do you have different goals with like, different projects? Like obviously Flight Risk is entertainment. Yes. It's fun, it's entertaining, It's entertainment. Yeah. And yes, different goals. And it was, the other thing too is it's like we're living in a different time now in the film world. I mean, everything's upside down and, and you have to compete in a medium where you have less time, less money, do it fast, do it now. And it's like, wow, can I do that?


I always had the luxury of like, you know, big budget and 3000 people on horses and all this kinda stuff, or, you know, and, and was able to take my time with stuff. But I had 22 days and here, here you got tell the story in 22 days. So I felt the challenge of being able to do that and being able to make something that really got people, like they could watch it and enjoy it, you know? And I'm glad you saw it. I'm glad you liked it. And that's all I want. I just want people to have a nice little ride, a fun ride, entertainment. But yes, you have different goals with things. I mean, the next thing I'm gonna tackle is more profound for me.


It's gonna take more out of me. This is the resurrection story. Yeah. And I even have to change my entire life to do it. How so? You can't go into a project as profound in nature as that without somehow preparing yourself for it. It's like, it's like spiritual preparing for a fight, You know? Right. It's like you have to be fit for the fight, and Yeah. So you have to spiritually prepare yourself for that. And, and that's, that's gonna take some sacrifice. And because, you know, well, you know, I professed this and I profess that I'm not a great example of Christianity.


You know, I'm just, You know, I'm flawed and I make a lot of mistakes, but I have to try and be better somehow in order to go in and make that film. So what does that mean? I think I know what it means, you know. Well, One of the things that I thought was fascinating was reading and listening to Jim Zel talk about his experience playing Christ in your film. Yeah. That it just truly changed that guy's the course of his whole life. Well, It was fascinating to watch him work, actually. And most of the time I just like backed away because he was doing something that, and I've seen a lot of people portray Jesus in films.


Right. And I never buy it. You can't quite buy it. Something creeps in the color that's not something, something's not right or discordant it. And some of them are pretty good, but you never quite believe it All the way. But what Was the Willin Defoe movie? Oh, that was a Scorsese film, Right? What was that called? The Last Temptation. That's right, that's right. Which, Interestingly enough, I was in a hotel in the Savoy, and I had food poisoning. I was near dead from, I ate a bad oyster in London, and I was dying in a hotel room, and I couldn't even leave.


It was the worst. I think it was like salmonella or something. And I saw this cord on the side of the bed, and I pulled it, and all of a sudden a door opened up, and a butler like Geeves came in. He says, yes, sir. And I'm like, whoa. And I said, I'm really sick. I said, what do you think I should eat? Might I suggest some warm comesa, man, a cup of tea? I said, okay. So this butler took care of me in this hotel, but while I was there, Scorsese calls the room and he says, come here, I wanna talk to you. So I go in and talk to Martin, and he's in his room, and All the windows, the screens are drawn. He's got 18 different TVs going on at the same time in this dark room. And he's talking to me about the last temptation of Christ, and he wants me to play Jesus.


And I said, whoa, I'm not doing it. And I, I sort of got out of there, and then I went back to my room and they changed my room. Now, this is really weird. They had changed my room and moved my stuff, and they told me they were gonna do it, but I forgot. So I'm using a key to get into my room and it won't work. And the door opens up all of a sudden, and it's Keith's Richards in his underpants standing there staring through me, like, like, and, and there's a girl in a mink coat walking around it, mink coat and nothing else walking in the background. And, and Keith Richards standing there in his underpants with a spliff. And, and I'm like, I, I tried to explain that.


I thought it was my room, but it wasn't. And you know, it was ridiculous. I'm 26 years old, and he just looks at me like he shuts the door in my face. I thought, well, that was my, that was my meeting with Keith Richards. He slammed the door in my face. So I was like, it's fantastic, you know, anyway, but what were Talking about, KA Christ, He did something I think that nobody else did. And I think he pulled it off because I to, I totally like, believed it. I believed it too. And it was like, what did he do? He emptied himself out and he invited something else in, and he left it. He, he just, he didn't try anything.


He just, he emptied himself out and he meditated and he let Christ in. And that role seemed to have had a profound effect on him. It did, yeah. As a human being. Oh, Absolutely. And kind of fucked him up in his career A little bit. Yeah. Because people associated him entirely with that film, and then they associated him with Christianity, and then they associated him with Rightwing politics and Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, he, he got sidetracked by a few guys. I mean, there's some people out there who, like, they get in your ear and it's like, You know, it's like Cassius, you know, talking to Bruce, and they get you up to make a speech somewhere, and next thing You know, it's like, You know, people throwing eggs at you.


And it's Like, yeah. And you wonder, You know, should I even be saying this? And so he stepped on a bunch of landmines. But yeah, it did have a profound effect on him. But I think he was al he was, he was already mostly there anyway. And I noticed that, 'cause I, when I was trying to cast it, I thought, who could play this? And I saw the opening shot from Terry Malik's film, which was the thin red line. And, And it was just a big closeup of vl. And there was something otherworldly and childlike going on there in the closeup. And I thought, who's that guy? He's amazing. Of course, he couldn't keep the blue eyes.


He had to, he had to trade him out. So I, I changed the color of his eyes to Brown and, and all that stuff. So it looked like he came from the region. Right. But amazing. But he already had a quality, an ethereal kind of other worthiness space, cadet quality. Yeah. That, and he's, he's still kinda like that. He's still like, wow. He's, yeah, he's, I want, I want, I wish I had met him, or I haven't met him still, but I wish I had seen him before and then after Yeah. You know, to see, like what, did that role change him? Because it seemed to have strengthened his faith. Sure, it did. Yeah. Yeah. He got, he got in real tight with it.


And I think he had some experiences while he was doing it. He suffered a little, you know, and didn't he Get struck by lightning? Well, There's two times. There was these lightning strikes happening on the set, you know, And it was this guy with him, he was a young fella. One of the assistants on, on the film, his name was Janan. An old Janan was like, he's like six foot, two Italian, northern Italian guy. You know, if he tripped in the street, women would slide under him. You know, it was that kind of stuff. The guy was like a babe magnet. Right. And, and I think he was taking full advantage of the gifts he had, but he got hit by lightning the first time getting people, we were out on the hill and there was a lightning storm, like with the crosses and stuff.


Oh, Jesus. And, and the, the, this guy called Eppo, he was a grip. And he never spoke a word to me the whole time. He's just a quiet kind of guy. And I figured, oh, he doesn't know English, so, You know, but he came out to me and in perfect English, he said, you know, I think you should get All the people off the hill. We could be struck by lightning. And I thought, oh, that's a good idea. Let's get off the hill. So we're moving off the hill, everybody's getting off. And this kid gets hit through the umbrella, this yawn guy, and he gets zapped by lightning. Right. But he's 22 and he goes to the disco all night, and dad, You know, he's doing the whole, you know, 22 experience.


And he, he comes back and the next day and he is like, yeah, it was great. And then he was with Jim the second time it happened, but this time I found him in a fiat bambino with his knees up around his ears, like waiting for the third strike. He was like, this, this just doesn't happen twice in the third strike. And he says, I have to change my life. I was like, So it was pretty funny Filming that movie must have had a profound effect on a lot of people, right? It did. Yeah. 'cause you were, you were doing something that wasn't just a film. It was Yeah. Verite kind of. Yeah. And it was strengthening people's faith. That film was a, I mean, profound success.


And a lot of people dismissed the idea of it even. Yes. You know, especially in Hollywood. I mean, you had to self-fund all that, right? Yes. It was self-funded. And, And it was a, a very strange experience that one, 'cause again, I put the money in. I thought, well, maybe I'll break even. And it was then I got these messages back, All the majors wouldn't distribute it. So I was like, oh, nobody will distribute it. Okay. I guess I, I've lost, you know, the money. But it was worth the experience. And so one guy was left in the room at the end when the, when the dust settled, And it was some guy, he said, ah, I'll distribute. And he, he had a little company called New Market, and they distributed like one or two films before.


And I think it was a Charlize Theron movie called the, A Monster about that horrible serial killer killer. Oh, Oh, yeah, Yeah. And, and he said, I'll do it. And, you know, it was just really basics. I went and I met the exhibitors And, you know, and this guy was like the distributor, this little company. It was just him and a, a toothless dog and a fax and an assistant. And it was like, okay, what's All the smoke and mirrors about this? With between the distribution exhibition I met, I made handshake deals with All the exhibitors. Yeah. We'll show this. I said, okay. And then we put it out there and it went out. Nobody expected it to do much, but it did phenomenally well.


And, and there was this kind of thing in town, in the town, they said, did anyone just see that anyone, just see what that guy did. Can't let that guy do that again. And Yeah. We don't want anyone doing that, you know, because it sort of walked around the entire system Yes. And scored. Right. So there was two things. There was resistance to the Christianity aspect of it and promotion of Christianity. And then there was resistance to the fact that you went outside the system. It was outside. Well, I had no alternative. Right. 'cause no major would back it Because of the Christianity aspect of it, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Rupert Murdoch said, You know, he wanted to, and then he said, nah.


And then somebody advised him and said he'd be outta business in five years, Ruper Murdoch. Wow. In five years, if he distributed that, if he, yeah. And I was like, whoa. If he's scared, what? I'm like, I'm got, I'm gonna crash and burn here. But it actually did. All right. It did phenomenal. Yeah. And then again, I tried to, then I went, I went with a studio on Apocalypto, but, and that didn't work out so well. It didn't, no. In what way? Well, it was interesting. The, the film was a film with, it had no stars. It, it was in another language. And it came out on a weekend with another film that had Leo Leo in it and another film that had Cameron Diaz in it.


And so those three films came out on the same weekend, and the one with no stars, and without the language won the weekend monetarily. It won the box office by a narrow margin on the other two. And the second week out, Disney pulled the screens. It's really, yeah. So I thought, oh, that's funny. Well, screens are gone. I guess there's another agenda, because that was another self-funded one. Did They pull the screens because they had movies that they had already made deals with? I think so. But you know, it's just, it's just politics and, You know, and I think perhaps the distribution deal on that wasn't as good as Right.


On something else, or, You know, so it's, You know, it's all business. It's a Phenomenal movie though. It's a great film. Yeah. And it did better afterwards, You know, and DVD and streaming and all that. Yeah, it did well. Yeah. Yeah. I watched it again like two years ago. Yeah. I hadn't seen it in a while. And I watched it again and I had forgot a bunch of aspects of it. Like, god damn, it's a good movie. It's just primal. Yes. And I think I love primitive stuff, you know, and primal emotions. I mean, basically it's a guy just trying to get back home to save his wife and kid. And, and he's got a lot of obstacles in the way, like Jaguars and bad guys chasing him and trying to skin him and trying to rip his heart out.


Yeah. It's pretty cool. Yeah, It's pretty cool. And I sat in the room, I, with my assistant, he said, what do you wanna do next Chase movie? I said, he said, well, so we found out where the Mayan canoes in Columbus and all that. And then we just started making the story up in the room and we wrote it. Wow. And yeah, some assistant man, he actually wrote, he actually tapped it out. Hmm. Crazy. So when you're making this resurrection movie, now you, you also have this obligation there, there's this, you're doing a very similar thing that you were doing with the passion of the Christ, where this is, this is a profound story.


Yes. When you put something like that together, how do you choose who's gonna be the next Jesus, You use him again, Avizo. Yeah. I know it's 20 years later, so it's 20 years later, but It's Yeah, but it's the right guy. Yeah. But it's, it's supposed to be three days later, but he got 20 years older. And I think I have to use a few techniques that they've started to get really good with the, The cgi I, and Yeah. Yeah. Oh, they can do amazing things now You can actually Yeah. Get some of the same people And by the time you film it, it'll be even better. Yeah. You know? Yeah. When are you gonna start filming? I'm hoping next year sometime.


It's, there's a lot required, because it is, I'll just tell you this, it's an acid trip when we wrote it, it is like, I've never read anything like it. And my brother and I and Randall all sort of congregated on this. So there's some good heads put together, but there's some crazy stuff. And I think in order to really tell the story properly, you have to start with the fall of the Angels, right? Yeah. Which is, you're in another place. You're in another realm, you know, you need to go to hell, you need to go to Schul, So you're gonna have hell, you're gonna have Satan, all that.


Yeah. Whoa. Sure. You gotta have, yeah, right. You Gotta have his origin. How do you rep, how do you depict that? This is a good question, and I think I have ideas about how to do that, and ideas about how to evoke things and emotions in people from the way you depict it and the way you shoot it. So I've been thinking about it for a long time. So it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy and it's going to require a lot of planning. And, and I'm not wholly sure I can pull it off, to tell you the truth.


It's really super ambitious, but I'll take a crack at it. 'cause that's what you gotta do, right? Yeah. Walk up to the plate. Right. So I, I think I can get it, but it's not about me, you know? Right. It's about something else. So. Well, if anybody can do it, You can do it. Well, I hope so. Yeah. It's, it's, it's trying to find the, the way in that's not like cheesy or obvious, but that actually, it's almost like a magic trick in a sense. It's diversion, it's obfuscate this show that, look over here.


You know? I don't, yeah. It's, Do you have a title? Yeah. It's just like the resurrection of the Christ. Hmm. Yeah. It's like, so that's a title and Yeah. It's, it is very ambitious. That's all I'll say. It's just, it took a long time to write. It's really ambitious. And it goes from like, the fall of the Angels to the death of the last Apostle. Do you have a start date? I don't have a start date. I just have to begin pre-production and see what happens. And it's, it's just gonna roll in its own time. It's taking its own time. I thought it was late. I thought, oh, it's taking too long.


It's taking too long. But it's probably just Right. Yeah. It's when it's supposed to be. Yeah. Well, if you believe that that's true. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I hope you're right. I Think I'm right. My instincts are that I'm right. Yeah. Yeah. And if I was gonna trust anybody with that story, it would be you. Yeah. I don't know. It's a, a massive thing. And theologically, it's, it's something that you have to really look at and make correlations that that ring true.


Because it's not all written. Do you consult with someone like a biblical scholar? Oh, yeah. You know? Oh my goodness. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And Of course, you know, there's your own a thing that comes into it from having read the, the book a few times. You read the book a few times, and it's amazing how your memory, how there's these recessive files somewhere in the background, how you can correlate this piece to that piece over there. And that's important because juxtaposition is everything with this story and what it means in a bigger picture.


Yeah. So it's, it's hard to explain, but it's, it's, it's quite involved. Yeah. Well, I can only imagine. Yeah. And I don't know that you can do it in a foreign language because the concepts are too difficult now. Mm. So that you may have to Resort to the vernacular so that that at least is clear. Is That up for debate right now with you? Yeah, It is. I'm thinking like, eh, but like, look, have you seen these apps now where they have this AI stuff where the guy's talking German and then he switches to French and then he Spanish and then Chinese and Yeah. Have you seen that? Yeah. And his mouth moves and it's the same voice. I mean, it's crazy what they do.


So, You know, so are you gonna use that kind of a tool? Do you think You could, I mean, Will you begin it in Aramaic or in Hebrew Maybe? Yeah, Aramaic is, is really the kick, isn't it? But, you know, I think, I think I'll write, I've written it in English, but I wrote the last one in English too, and, and translated it. But, and then the people had to learn to speak it because there was, I think there's only about 400 people that actually speak Aramaic still. Wow. And apparently they understood it. So I was happy about that. Wow. So that was good. Yeah. 400,000 people, sorry. Oh, in the world. That makes more sense. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. 400 people.


I've like preserve those 400 people. Yeah. Not many people speaking Latin still, but, but that's quite well known. Well, I can't wait to see it, man. Yeah. And I just wanna say, I, I appreciate you very much. All, All the stuff that you've done. You've made some really awesome pieces in your life. You really have. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Lot. Done some great stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm blown away by where you got to with this, which is like, didn't you start off just smoking a spliff on a couch with a guy and Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's amazing. Yeah, It's pretty bizarre. Yeah. I'm not exactly sure how it happened.


No, that's good. I just kind of kept doing it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I'm A fan. Thank you. I watch it All the time. Thank you. There was no plan. Do it. I'll tell you that. No, there still kind of isn't. I still kind of do it the same way. Yeah. Okay. Every day you wake up. Yeah, I just look at my phone, I go online, I say, who do I wanna talk to? Yeah. This guy might be interesting. Yeah. You know. Okay. Who next? That's really it. Who's next? Who's next? Do you get some pretty interesting People? Yeah. Yeah. I was amazed at that. I can't remember his name now. Terrence. What? He was all into Terrence Howard. Yeah. Yeah. The actor. Yeah.


Yeah. Brilliant guy. He had A bunch of stuff going on. I was like, Whoa. Yeah. Oh, he's out there. Yeah. Yeah, He's out there. But I mean, you have to be, to be one of those guys. You do. Well listen brother, Thank you very much for everything. Appreciate you coming in here. Yeah, thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Your new movie's great. And all your stuff's great. I'm, I'm a big fan, so yeah. Tickets on sale today. Yeah. When does it come out? Oh God, on the 25th. 24th. 25th. Yeah. 24th thing. Okay. So, So soon. Yeah. It's fun. It is fun. Yeah. I enjoyed it. Yep. Alright. Thank you.