
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Tracy, my wife, I smoked one of these and I didn't brush my teeth. I woke up the next morning and my wife said, your breath is four dimensional. He didn't brush your teeth before you went to bed. And he sw a cigar. Of course, I didn't brush my teeth before I went to bed. Give a fuck. Ugh. You know what I mean? You're married, you're married. She was like, you. I love you so much. Your breath is four dimensional. Ooh. You know, these fires. I I have two small children now. 'cause what I wanna do is, what you wanna do is you wanna get divorced and then you want to have, get married again to a woman who's 23 years younger and then have two more kids.


'cause that's good. And, and then I Definitely takes a lot of financial stress off, Off your back. Oh, dude, there's no financial stress at all. It's great. You know what, if I hustle till I'm 80, I'll be fine anyway. It's gonna be really awkward when I call you at 75. I, I just need help this month. But anyway, so I fucking, I, I look at her and I go, she's like a girl from Jersey, like Irish Italian chick. No nonsense. You know, been working since she was 16. And I go, you know, they, we had an evacuation order that they sent out by accident to people, even down where I'm at. Yeah. What Was That? It was some guy who fucked up. Because I don't know if you know, this is gonna be, this is gonna be shocking. Grabbed the table.


Wait a minute, LA's not run very well. Hold on. I know. Hold on. What the fuck you saying? Well, because see, here's the thing. We have to minute wait. Worry about. I know it's, isn't The chief of fire department a lesbian? Now? Hold on, Let's not turn, turn this into, listen, here's the bottom line. It's run amazingly. It's not about infrastructure infrastructure's gotta take, I won't sit here while you disparage the great people, sir, that are running Los Angeles. Sir. Infrastructure's gotta take a backseat to climate change and social justice and homeless abatement, which hasn't worked. See, the lady Who's responsible for filling the fire hydrants gets paid $750,000 a year. Hey, your tax dollar's going to good work there. Everybody. That's a lot of Money. You think that's sitcom money? You think I said my, That's like I'm the star of a sitcom. Oh, dude, it's Not a star, but like, you're the third person That's, that's a high wage, sir.


750 grand. Oh yeah. For a city employer. Who's Person? Someone just like, fill that one. How, How the aquifers get the waters. How are the aquifers today? Get the Water in That one. You know what, we gotta protect the delta smelt. Yeah. Which, whatever the fuck that is. So we gotta, we gotta, You know, Trump was talking about that on the podcast, on the podcast I did with him. Trump was going on this long rampage about Los Angeles and the fires and how it all can be prevented. Yeah. And they could have plenty of water. He explained the whole thing and he's right. Here's my whole philosophy. You guys know, you know that we have a tinderbox and you can say that there are a lot of people that live there. The fires are, it's always a potential.


If that's the case, then please make sure the fire hydrants, we've gotta be able to figure it out. You, you guys in la, California came up with ai. I mean the Silicon Valley. It was pretty innovative. People. Let's figure out a way to keep the fucking Very different people. They Are very Different people, sir. That's like you're saying, people in America Yeah. Yeah. Are homeless and also Elon Musk. Right. You Know what Im saying? Well get some people down in government who are innovative like that. What the fuck are we doing? You know? What do That job Do? Do you know, do You know the city council of Los Angeles? Four of the members of the city council are far left. Social Democrats. How about that? There's zero, there's zero pushback on ideas. It's just all ideology.


Yeah. It's all an echo chamber. Well, I'm hoping now that this is a giant wake up call for these people. I mean, good luck. There's no positivity that's gonna come out of a horrific fire like that. But at at least it wake, because look, that area, you know, Adam Corolla was on someone's show talking about this, and he said something that's like very, I think he was actually doing it himself. Yeah. About Permits. Yeah. Yeah. Well, he was just saying that there's 80% of the people that live there are far left. 80% of the people that got their houses burned down from complete, total incompetence and a lack of management. That's right. Total incompetence. Yeah. 80% of those people are far left people. And that's a giant wake up call when you realize like, no, this, these fucking people, this is not the way to do it.


Did you see that lady, the, the fire lady who's a part of this whole diversity thing? And they said, you're a woman firefighter. Can you, can you carry my husband out of a burning building? She was like, well, if your husband's in a burning building, he already made a mistake. So she said, well, she a Big old, sassy, fat Black lady. Yeah. My favorite was that one of the woman said, you want people to rep to look like you? Same lady. And I'm like, Hey, listen. Same. Hey lady. When when my house is on fire and I'm trying to get my kids out, I'm not gonna be like, Hey, I got, I can I get some people that look like me because this, this doesn't make me feel safe. I look Like Brian Shaw. So I want 'em to become fucking, so fucking wall looking jugg driven snow. Okay. Look like if they look like a white walker and they can get me outta that fucking fire I'm in.


I want Brian Shaw. I want to be a giant dude who can Carry people Yeah. With a mustache that goes like this. Yeah. Right. Fucking handlebar. Yeah. I love firemen. Yeah. I'm such a, I'm so gay that when I saw they came by, I saw some firemen and I didn't know what to do. I was, I wanted to say something like, go get 'em guys. Or something like that. And I, and I literally went like this. I went, I saluted them. I went, That's good. Something. It was a little Embarrassing. It's an acknowledgement. Yeah. But my wife, my wife is so funny. 'cause my wife is very handy. And I said, and we had an evacuation order. I looked at her and I go, I gotta go do Joe's podcast and then shoot my special at the mothership. But I feel guilty about leaving you here. And she goes, what are you gonna do?


You can't change a tire. I got this. I was like, all right, see you later. So, yeah. I don't know. I would've felt weird about leaving them too. Even though You're in the, I mean, I'm a area where I'm good. Yeah, you're good for now. Yeah. This is the thing about LA that, you know, there's a viral clip that's going around now of a conversation that I had with Sam Morell a while back. And we were talking about when I was on Fear Factor, how this fireman told me that this was gonna happen one day. Yeah. He said, it's just a matter of time. Yeah. With the right wind. He's like, we won't be able to stop it. Now that's gone viral. And then the Trump thing went viral too, because Trump was saying that they need to do something to change this.


They need to clean up the forest. Get rid of All the dead wood. Yeah. Brush all these things could be done. Get rid of All the brush. Get rid of All the dead wood. Open up that fucking water from the north to come down. Right. This idea that, do you know that the whole center of California used to be a lake? No. A giant lake? No, Bro. I found out about it about a year ago. Really? It's crazy. Hmm. Young Jamie, wait till you see how big this fucking lake was. And all of it. All of the, is all meddling and fucking around by humans. Did I ever tell you the conversation I had with Arnold Schwarzenegger? I was with John Zamo. Did He say screw your freedom?


No, he didn't. Screw your freedom. This is before that. I was doing that movie. Screw Your Freedom. Screw Your Freedom. I, he, he said,


This is a paid advertisement for Better Help. Life is kind of like a book. And every new year is the start of a new chapter. Except in this case, the pages are blank. And you can write whatever the fuck you want. Maybe you're working towards buying a new home. Maybe you wanna learn how to garden or pick up hunting, or maybe you wanna work on your relationships. However you want your story to play out. It's going to take work, dedication, and a little bit of help. Even the greatest authors have an editorial partner to bounce ideas off. And that's nothing to be ashamed about. If you need some help living the life you want, therapy is always a great place to start. Therapy is for everyone. Not just people who've gone through a major trauma. It can teach you valuable skills, like how to cope with stress, how to communicate better, how to set boundaries and more. One of the best ways to get into therapy is better Help. It's entirely online. So it's easy to get started and more affordable too. And as the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise, write your story with Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash jre. That's better. HE p.com/jr.


So I'm, I'm with John Lag. We were doing that movie Ride Along. And John goes, Hey, stick around. I'm gonna, we'll have some dinner with a friend of mine's coming by. I didn't know who it was. Arnold shows up with his assistant's kind of cool. And I'm a fan. So we're sitting there and I just read a book on California politics by Michael Lewis called Boomerang about sort of like how a lot of the towns like Stockton went broke because of the pension plans and all that, that shit, blah, blah, blah. So I Thought it was a Diaz brothers running around slapping people. It's that too, dude. It's that too. It's, it's that You find that lake. Yeah. Yeah. I was waiting for it. Lemme see. Check this out. Look at the size of this lake Tul layer lake What? Largest freshwater lake.


Where rest of the Mississippi Largest freshwater lake west of the Mississippi. What it used to be. Fucking huge. Show a photo of what it used to look like. So it was all agriculture. They fucked it up. Oh. Because they drained it. Right. Look at the size of it. What the fuck? Look how big it was in the world. Look how fucking big that is. And now it's just gone. It's gone. Apparently it's refilling. Well, I guess we needed it for to grow All the Oranges. Right. Shut up, fuck up. I mean, you know, it became just, We needed it for almonds, for the Owens Valley, the almond milk. This, there's one amazing photograph of this guy who was squirting almond milk on the fire outside of his house.


'cause that's all he had. Is that true? He had two quarts of almond milk. It is like this soy man. This this literal human water balloon. Oh, look at that. Yeah. God bless him. God bless him. Dude. That's when you're really trying, that's when you're Trying, what is Covid mask on? That's, that's just a last stand, bro. That's a last stand. That's, no, You should have been out. You gotta get out of there. You gotta accept. I've been evacuated three times. Have you really? Yeah. When I lived lived in Bel Canyon. Yeah. Remember I got evacuated three times. You know, it burnt two houses in front in 2018. Two houses in front of my old house. Or burnt to the ground. Well That, that video I showed you of my friend's house that just disappeared. And then you remember I sent you that video of him driving down the PCH.


Those guys are coming to my house because our, where I'm at is the only place that's, you know, where the air's breathable and all that. Yeah. Well we have a barrier between the 4 0 5 and also the airport. So it's really, we're pretty safe even Here. Yeah. Pretty safe. The thing about, I mean, this is from someone who's been through it a few times, you don't understand. You think it's just a fire. It's not, it's a storm. Yeah. So I saw fire tornadoes until you've seen Yeah, I saw fire tornadoes when we Terrifying. Were filming, we're filming on Fear Factor. And ironically, this was the same time where this fireman was explaining to me what's gonna happen in la. We were filming Fear Factor. And when we were driving back the entire ri I, I watched the guy die.


I watched the guy run across the highway and get hit by a car. What the fuck? Yeah. I didn't see him get hit by a car, but I saw him. Jesus Christ. He was, and my producer, the producer of the show apparently saw more. He saw like graphic, you know, people were panicking there. There was asphalt in the sky, like it was snowing. It was crazy. And everyone's driving. And no one, everyone's got this like somber like 50 mile an hour driving the entire right side of the highway for an hour. Like what? We were Filming. Filming. And you can feel that heat, right? Yeah. We were filming off the five. So we were like way up by, you know, like as you head towards Baker, Simi Valley and Stuff, baker Field.


Oh yeah. Bakersfield. Like that area that was off the five or the 10, whatever the fuck it is. When we were, we were pretty far away. And it was a whole hour driving back where the whole right side of the highway was in flames. It, I mean, completely engulfed Jesus Christ. Like a Lord of the Rings movie, where you are waiting for Saron to come riding on an evil horse over the top of it. It was nuts. It was fucking nuts. And you see fire tornadoes, man, the fire was fucking insane. There's nothing you can do Too. And it's flying through the air. So you're worried your car's gonna catch fire. One of the things that happens is people get stuck on highways, cars catch fire, and the fire and the winds just roll through the whole highway and everybody burns alive inside their cars.


What? Yeah. That happened at, what is it? The camp, park camp. What was the big fire? Oh, that's right. That, that, that In Northern California City, A ton of people died in their cars. Horrifying. Horrifying. Oh, The, you know, I gotta tell you, the crazy thing about the Pacific Palisades was that eight years ago, probably eight, maybe almost nine years ago, I looked at houses there with my, my ex-wife. And we came so close to mine house. 'cause it was, it's such a beautiful place. We didn't buy it. 'cause it was a little too expensive to be honest with you. It was like, it was like, you know, just a little out of our price, you know, point. But even like for a smaller house, it was expensive. Right? It's beautiful. Maybe the last Thing. It's gorgeous.


The last thing you would ever think, the last thing is that that house would burn down. Or there was a fire hazard, especially down like where Gelson's was or the whole town. That dude, when I'm saying the town has gone, you know, the only structure of the standing is that guy Caruso, that mayor, the guy who ran for Mayor Narrowly lost Karen Bass. He built that mall out of fire retardant material. And that's the only structures that pretty much downtown that are that in, in the town of Cal Pacific Palisades. Frank Grillow, our buddy, his old house burned right to the ground. Just done just, Yeah. S'S house burned to the ground. Everybody's That didn't Mel Gibson. Yeah. Mel Gibsons burn to ground too, too. Look at that Dude. It's, look At that. It's insane.


Nobody In a million years Insane. I'm telling you. No, when, when you bought a house there, nobody said anything about fire. No one. That's crazy. That's so, and by the way, fire insurance in la What? Look at that one house. Perfect. Isn't that crazy? Yeah, that's crazy. What's that made out of? I don't know. Fucking it just, the wind blew a different direction or something. I don't know. Man. That's crazy. I think it's gotta be what the house is made of. 'cause that wind's blowing everywhere. No, I, I don't think any house withstands that kind of fire. I think I just Are you sure? Yeah. How do you know? Are you a builder? I am. You're not a builder. That's Brian Callen's. Nah, I don't believe anything can stand. Can't You make a house out of all concrete? It doesn't matter the inside. How does That one house look at that one house. That Guy, guy, that's a question of wind. Then play the fucking lotto son.


No, that's wind. Look at that though. But here's the thing at that, look at that. You don't wanna live there. Now, if you are that house on the corner and everything, you look at as devastation, you know, well, the schools are gone. Right? Right. The schools are Gone. But, but here's my other thing. Here's the question I have. Okay. So you see that right now, who is going to rebuild there and who's going to, who's gonna finance it? Are you gonna get, And what kind of insurance you, you're not gonna be to get? So, so are you gonna get insurance or is a bank gonna finance that? Would you wanna rebuild there? When you have to wait for a gas station for a grocery store, there's nothing there. Right. So to me, I don't understand what, I don't know what happens to that very valuable property. I Don't, I don't know what happens to the entire city now.


I don't even, because people are looting like fucking crazy. Gigantic groups of a hundred men organized are pulling into neighborhoods that are being evacuated. Yeah. Smashing through doors and pulling out TVs. There's film footage of them. Yeah. There's also a bunch of people that have been caught setting fires. Yeah. I'd Be, I I would, I would, I think they should be put to death. One guy got caught setting fires and he had a un debit card. What? And he had a bunch. I'll, I'll send it to Jamie. The guy that got arrested for I'll, I'll tell you which, which fire it was. But he got arrested. He had a UN card. I'll tell you exactly, kind Of, I don't wanna talk out this, this, this kind of tragedy brings out the best in people and the worst in people.


The one thing it does is in these communities, it brings all these people together. You know, my buddy started to cry because I was on the phone with him. He lost everything. Right. And he, they're gonna come stay with us. And he said he, when I was on the phone, somebody, these people dropped by and dropped off clothes for them and he's got a lot of money. And he started to cry, man. He was like, I can't tell you how many people have reached out, but he Had five cell phones and a United Nation's prepaid debit card. I I, I'm skeptical. Is this Of course you are conspiracy, You're always skeptical. Is this conspiracy? I just don't wanna be played. No. I think the New York Post did a thing about it. You know what I mean? Though? I don't wanna be played. I don't know what's true anymore. Maybe the New York Post didn't post that he had the debit card.


Yeah. I don't know what's true anymore. I'm getting, anymore, IM getting this from the Texas Patriot Twitter account. You see, I Told you I'm, I'm already like, mm, I don't know. They said that the New York Post has edited the info out of their Article. Thank you. Why? Because it's not true. Spreading rumors. Joe Rogan Patriot Account said that. Oh, so then look at the Got you got, you got played. Maybe not. Maybe the New York Post. A bunch of pussies and a bunch of lib tars. The post, the New York post is very conservative. They are kind of, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We See. But I, I gotta tell you this is, I, I do think this is how this, there's a sea change here. You gotta have people with opposing points of view that are pro business, et cetera.


You have just all progressives. Yeah. In Sacramento and in these, they if got on the city council. But you know what, until Angelinas wake up and start voting for intelligent people who are not forget Right or left. How about practical people who understand infrastructure? Who put infrastructure Like Rick Caruso? Yeah. Yeah. 'cause Guy the roads I lived there, man, the roads the fucking power line. It's all, it's all from 1950s. Okay. Yeah. And It's, let's wait the fuck up. It's above ground by the way. Correct. Which is a real problem when the wind start blowing like that. Correct. Which is what happened in Maui as well. Yeah. If you don't believe in direct energy weapons. Yes. I forgot about those from space. I wonder who's controlling those. No, They're in Antarctica. The Rothchilds Antarctica Roth.


Yeah. The Rothchilds. Yes. It's a cabal Of Jews. Yes. The in visible circle of Jews. That's what every conspiracy theory always goes. Right. Back to that. I'm just saying. Yeah. I All right. But you know, the Mossad and the IDF and like the influence on politics is pretty well established. Like, there's both things. It's like, no, it's not that The Jews aren't the problem in the whole world. No. And when everything goes sideways, people always do start blaming the Jews. Always. Did we ever figure out who said that to us? Was it Jordan? What was it Jordan? Who started talking? Where was it Gad at? Who started talking about, it's one of the marks of a collapsing society when they start blaming everything on the Jews, They blame the black plague on 'em. They're like, you guys cover your wells.


My my thing about that is whenever people go bad on the Jews, I'm always like, yeah, do you like Hollywood? They invented that. Yeah. And improv. Maybe not. And monotheism, Maybe that's not good. But then also And Stainless steel and virtual reality. Stainless steel. Yes. And virtual Reality. Listen, they have more, They have More, Eastern European Jews have more Nobel prizes than I think any other ethnic Group. They're incredible. Yeah. Nobody wants to incredible group of humans. Let's just talk about art and everything else. Einstein just goes on and on. So you're gonna have people How many Comics? How Many comics are Jesus? Oh my God. Jesus Christ. Some of the funniest people of all time. One of the greatest of all time. Lenny Bruce, Thank you. That groundbreakers the, The literal starter of this whole thing you do Groundbreakers. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I always say that also you're gonna have very innovative, but also Probably funding Epstein, but also probably running a gigantic blackmail ring where they have control over All the po politicians in the country.


I Might be doing that too. If I, if I, if my, if my survival depended on it. You Know, especially if you're smart and you're like really good at chess, you're like, I know what to do. Yeah. These guys like to fuck. Let's set 'em up. Let's set 'em up. Well, have We ever have, has there been any, what is the with the list? My, my, here's my theory on the Jeffrey Epstein team. What? See what you think. Oh, I'd Love to hear this. Okay. I think that, I think that the people are so powerful that I, that I know, I know in certain cases, the lawyers go to the lawyers of these powerful people and they go, how you doing? Now we got some evidence that your client, who's a family man and everything else was banging girls on Jeffrey's Island Getting pissed on.


Yeah, yeah. Whatever it is, bro. Getting his nuts put in a cinch. Sure. We got little Kids are shitting in his mouth. Sure. Hey dude, hey, hold on. What kind of podcast is this? Why you have bring It there. They're doing drugs. They're doing drugs. They're taking wild Chances as I put this shit cigar on my mouth. I dunno. These are good cigars. Right? Delicious. Shout out to foundation cigars. Yeah. It's great. But, but I think what happened was there was a lot of money and every one of those fucking people got paid off. I think it just went away. 'cause there's, there's money. They, they came to these really rich people and they were like, what, what's your, what's your privacy worth? What's your reputation worth? How about 10 million? How about 20?


Well, This is the, the whole suspicion as to why the guy who was the CEO of Victoria's Secrets gave Jeffrey Epstein a fucking $60 million mansion in Manhattan and Controlled this whole estate. Yeah. And then there was the other guy who was some big CEO who gave him $150 million and had to resign. Yeah. A bunch of these guys resigned. Money got passed around. And unbelievably, the client list has not been released. I know. I mean, it's been years. He Was very good at laundering money, I guess. And he was also, Was he, even though, I don't know what he really did. You know, the, the person do I trust about those things? Is Eric Weinstein another Jew?


Yes. Eric. Another brilliant Jew. I love Eric. Love one of My favorite people. Love. He's amazing. Yep. But when I talked to him about it, he actually met Jeffrey Epstein. And he said, and Eric is just way too smart. Yeah. You know, he's not a guy that you can fool. Right. He was like, this is A Construct what's going on right away. That's what he said. Yeah. He said, this guy's a construct. He said that he had a woman, like a 21-year-old girl that was sitting on his lap, and he kept kind of like nudging his knee up and down to make her tits bounce a little bit. He kept doing that while he was talking to him. He's like, what is this? And he's like, also, this guy does not know what he's talking about when it comes to finances. Wow. You know, like Eric's a legit, legitimate genius. Correct. You know, a mathematician.


You can't lie to him about stuff like that. I Tell you, his, his theory on, on what he thinks this whole thing is, this whole, you know, ah, it's a simulation or whatever. Mm. You're here, he's, 'cause you know, so, so Newton, there's Newtonian physics, right. Which is this matter here. And then there's quantum physics study of the electron that Einstein was the pioneer of, and blah, blah, blah. So Einstein was working on what's called a theory of everything, which was the bridge. How do you, how do you, 'cause a lot of times the rules in this ether, in Newtonian, in the world that we live in, are different with when it comes to gravity and light than they are on a quantum level. So what is the bridge? How do we bring them together? Well, how do we reconcile both realities?


Right? So that's the theory of everything. So Eric is obsessed with that and kind of works on that. Well, He made his own theory of everything. Yeah. So his idea is that maybe the singularity is already here. And maybe we are already machines and we are so, so watch this. So we're already machines replicating better machines, better versions of ourselves. And it's kind of an interesting 'cause because it kind of full dovetails with Buddhism. Right? So watch this. I'm gonna do an experiment on you that, that a Buddhist rimpoche will ask somebody. Oh, try to get prepared. Get get, get in the lotus, get in the lotus position. There it is. How there, it's dude, good breathing. I'm ready. Good breathing Too Much. I'm watching this guy too much Yang energy Bring you y in doing DMT breathing today on Instagram, he was explaining how to spike your DMT and communicate with entities.


And it was saying how you, you, you, you, you compress your, your balls and your asshole and all your sex organs and then through your abdominals, and you exhale all your breath And you Get, and then you breathe like this. And then you come And you get that DMT flow. Oh, is that what you Get? I don't know. Doesn't work for me. It's Not working. Doesn't work for me. With one. Did he have a boner when he was telling you? The thing is like, most of these things take a long fucking time and I'm busy. I'm busy, dude. I'm busy and I'm easily distracted. Correct. I have a lot of a DD, I'll just lick a toad. All right. Well that's like Terra, my buddy. My buddy did that shit.


He did, he licked a toad. He did the toad thing. Oh, the toad thing's odd. He called me up, he goes, everything's different now. I'm like, all right, calm Down. But that's five methoxy. That's five methoxy. Have you done it? Methyl tryptamine. Yeah. Allegedly. Yeah. The thing about Kundalini yoga and all these different ways where you can achieve those states. Like Terrence McKenna had a great line about that. He's like, one time the Buddha came to visit this town and this monk came to the Buddha and they said, I have practiced a city of levitation for 10 years and now I can walk on water. And the Buddha says, yeah, but the ferry's only a nickel. And that was McKenna's conversation. So great. That was McKenna's take on.


So good. Why would you do this? Yeah. When you could just take psychedelics. Yeah. That's So good. You don't really have to fucking meditate for 10 years, homie. Right. You missed out on a lot of enlightenment while you're staring at a corner of the wall. Yeah. You hear those guys a lot. That's kind of why like Zen masters will say, I have nothing to teach you. Because once you, until the part of you, so the idea would be you can't improve yourself what he goes. 'cause the part of you that wants to improve yourself is the part that needs improving. So until you get out of, so, until you get out of your own way and you realize that you, this, this construct called yourself is an imagined construct. You've invented this.


So like Sam, Sam Harrison, and he studies the ante. Right? So in his book, spirituality with Without Religion, he does, he does this experiment, which the Buddhist will, they'll have you do, they'll say, so you're watching me right now. I'm talking now. Now there's this guy named Joe Rogan. Okay. And we know Joe Rogan's got this. But for a second, try to locate where you really are. In other words, where are you actually listening to me from? Where are you, where is the seat of your attention? Are you behind your face? Are you here? And if you try to do that, it's, it's kind of impossible to locate where you're hearing me from. There's this sort of echo, this idea that you're not, This is a lot of mental jerking off.


I'm right here, sir. I'm looking at you right in here, sir. I hear you. You know how I know I hear you through my ears. 'cause if I plug this one up, it sounds different. And if I plug both of them up, I don't hear you at all. You're still attached to, I'm assuming the sounds coming in here. I'm right here. I'm talking to you. You're still Attached to your physical self. This is sir is all like, you're still attached. The children of rich kids who sit around pondering the universe. Dude, This is Buddhism man. Come on. You're not even a Good student. They, they take a backpack and they go on a trek and they stay in hostiles. 'cause they're amazing. I turned him, I turned to the other. Remember? See, he's not ready yet. He's not ready. We have to break him down further. Yeah. No, there's something to that. All bullshit aside. Yeah. It's a really, it's something where it's a weird Where are you?


It's weird exercise. Yeah, yeah. Because the idea would be you can observe your, your brain so You can observe your thoughts. Yeah. You can observe your, your body and you can observe your emotions. You can actually step outside and watch that stuff. And they get really good at that. Like, they get really good at realizing that you're not, you're none of those things. You might be the observer, whoever that is or whatever that is. And that's kind of where they, it's a kind of an interesting exercise. That's why you see these dudes, that guy, that monk who set himself on fire right. In 1963. That, oh, The Vietnam photo. Now, Now David Halton from the New York Times said he didn't make a sound. They watched him and he literally, they heard the air leave his lungs and he just fell over.


So did the lady on the subway. She didn't make a sound Either. That, well, she was also probably asleep or something. She Was, until she was lit on fire. Jesus Christ. Yeah. So, I don't know. But but the idea would be, yeah. Never seen anybody. He Never moved, Burning, covered, engulfed in flames. He might not be able to talk. Do You know what what I'm saying? Yeah. But he also didn't move. So he Stayed there. Oh no. It was an incredible display. So he, he left his body. He was watching himself. That would be the idea behind. That's what they would say. Or he had incredible discipline. And through insane pain, he sat there. Yeah. Well have you, have you seen those videos? How about the, when the Indian army went up? This is recent. That is Such a fucking crazy photo. Jamie, bring Up the Indian army. Hold That. Hold on. Pull that photo back again. It's incredible. Look how insane that photo is. That guy is just sitting there completely protested in Plains protest.


The way the president of South Vietnam at the time, who was a staunch Roman Catholic, was treating Buddhists. And he said, please have some compassion and lit himself on fire. Jesus Christ. What bad. What Motherfucker. Now that's a good argument for celibacy. 'cause if that guy's getting a lot of pussy, Well that's right on fire because you're attached to a sensation. Yeah. So they, they rid themselves. Forward to it. Again. I have a long way in your mouth. I have a, if you burn me with this cigar, I'd be like, fuck it. You know, I can't, I can't do that


Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet We are. Get in on the action with Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet five bucks. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


Yeah. I think all those things are tools to try to break out of the ego. Right? It's All the, the problem that most people have is they think about themselves All the time. And the worst version of it is extreme narcissism, you know, and sociopathy. And then the, the best people or the people that think about others more than they think about themselves. Those are the people that we admire the most. The people that like genuinely think about other people. That's right. A lot. That's, that's right. I think one thing that I really genuinely do try to do is I try to not think about myself. Yep. I think about things that I must do. I do think about things that I don't like that I did. Like I don't like how I handled that conversation. Maybe IC maybe I was coming in like a little hot.


Maybe I was coming in at a five and I should have been at a two. And maybe maybe the reason why I became a a like a contentious argument was my fault. Yeah. You know? And I'm very good. I'm so much better at that than when I, I was when I was younger at like, I can have a conversation with someone that I vehemently disagree with and keep it very civil. Yeah. When we were younger, both you and I. Yeah. Yeah. We start shouting our opinion. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's about winning. It wasn't even About also we were all retarded. Yeah. And we were young and stupid and we had bad role models And it was like, there's a lot of things going on there. Worst, you know, and they, like men would shut that fuck up. They like, men would talk like men. And also, like, I grew up essentially feral. I I I didn't have any like, normal structure.


I feel Like I did a little bit too. I think we both did. Well you certainly did. You traveled all over the country. All over the world. Oh yeah. You were in a boarding school when you were in high school. It's like Yeah, Like 13. Yeah. Like we talked, I remember talking to you about your live story. I'm like, you, it's amazing. You're not more fucked up. Like you should be Like really fucked up. That's what my aunt and uncle said. They go, we just can't believe you're not in jail or fucking on drugs. Eh, you know? Well, you became The best thing for someone who's fucked up, which is a comedian. Yeah. Right. Because My parents were awesome though. They loved the shit outta me. Yeah. That Was a huge part of, it's not, they're not. Look, it could have, my parents are nice too. They, it could have definitely been way worse. It's not their fault they had a child in 1967. That's right. And everybody was retarded back then. That's right. And their parents went through the fucking depression. Yeah. So everybody was just, it was a vile time Yeah.


With so many different aspects of our society with violence and crime. And it was, you know, no one knew what the fuck was going on. They had just killed Kennedy. It was like, it wasn't a time. World War II was fresh, True Destruction. Vietnam Was ongoing. Yeah. Right. So it was a time of great confusion. And I don't think you could ever compare. It's like we go back and we think about things that happened in the year 1200. Like oh, the barbaric conquests of cities and sacking of, of, of, of countries by the Mongols and all this crazy stuff.


It's a different time. It's a different time. There's different people in a different time. Our parents grew up in a different time. We are growing up in the most strange time because this is like coming out of this barbaric sort of primal history and recognizing in some strange way that we're more connected than ever before. And the electronics are bringing us connected, but also disconnecting us at the same time. So there's this bizarre struggle for like interhuman communication and personal communica and like learning how to like in, in exchange ideas with people and talk to people in a civil way while you're also, you are, you are more informed than ever before.


More informed on human behavior patterns. Yeah. And psychology. We're seeing it play out right before our eyes. Where you've set yet a total polar shift of some of the key tenets of the left and the right where the left is all for a war. The left is for sensor shift. The left is for whatever pharmaceutical drugs are trying to Push top down authority. It's crazy. And A fidelity to to, to authority too. Yes. Like just blind fidelity. Blind fidelity to Authority. And also the left has also become very good at destruction in a lot of ways. I I'm not saying the right is doesn't have its problems. But the left has become, like, you and I were talking about this, like, if you disagree with the left, they will come after everything.


Everything. The right kind of goes, you're an idiot. And they'll make fun of you and do a meme about you. Yeah. But the left, You know, and that, that's, that's what I call the make or break machine. You know, if you look at, and this is one of the things I talk about with my, my specialist that just, you, you, you take Caitlyn Jenner who came out. Bruce Jenner has an operation for eight, eight hours. Comes is, is is Caitlyn Jenner a minute later? Eight hours. It was an eight hour. The first one was about eight hours. Right. The face on the face did a great job, by the way, by the way. How about this? Can I just say this? Like, Don't say you'd fuck her. No, no, no. Take it easy. But I'm just saying don't say it. I'm just saying you think it of saying How About, how about a little something for the surgeon. He should have won Artist of the year that Bruce general's 65-year-old man looked like a 45-year-old woman came out of it.


But a minute later, one woman of the year. All right dude, listen, we all have our taste. Okay. I'm sorry that Yeah. I like 45-year-old ladies. That's why I'm looking at you this way. I like me a hot 45-year-old lady that's Mym saying with makeup on Glamor Magazine look very good. Like A well kept forties lady Sure. Goes to the gym, does squats looking good. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah. A real athlete six Hanging on because she wants to hang on. You know what I'm saying? Six two, maybe six three. When you're 23, you don't even have to hang on. You're just there. You're Perfect. That's why I don't take any advice on health from 26 year olds. Yeah. Shut your, should I eat more berries? Shut the Fuck up. Fucking mouth. Yeah. Shut your fucking mouth. Yeah. Come get, get into my body for a second. Shut your hydrogen Water. You shut your fucking Mouth. Fuck off. I gotta warm my feet up in the morning.


You're 24 years old. Exactly. You were just born. Do you have this, you just born a matter of months ago. Correct. Show your dirty mouth. Correct. I'm calcifying motherfucker. And none of your shit's gonna help my calcification. I'm, I'm dying. I have arthritis. So do I. Yeah. So do I I gotta warm my feet up for sure. Before I get outta the car. Okay. I have a whole thing about that. But you know, that's, that, that's the reality of getting older. You Know. Well, you're gonna be beat up. Especially if you work out a lot. Yeah. There's just no if ands or buts about it. Yeah. Shout out to ways to Well, for keeping me glued together though. I Gotta get involved. Yeah. You're gonna get involved and get some peptides and all this stuff. I I was talking to Zuckerberg yesterday and he's like, he got his knee reconstructed. I said, did you get on any peptides? He said, no. I go, do you hate healing?


He looks great, by The way. He does. Looks good. He's got a thick, thick Neck now. I know. He's got a thick neck. He's got a perm. Yeah. He, I, he's, he's actually handsome. He's got a, he's wearing a jewelry. He wearings jewelry. Very expensive watch. He looks great. I looked at his watch. I was like, that's promising. How much was it? I Don't know. I'm not a real watch head. He, He doesn't look at prices, sir. Oh, he doesn't have to. No, no. Everything's free. He's like, I'll take one of those. Please. Yeah. I Just, miles. Yeah. Thanks for your data. Smiles. I'm in the, I like, I'm, I like him a lot. I do too. I really do. I don't, I've hung out with him. I've talked to him quite a few times. He's a good dude. He's a good dude with a very weird job. You know, being in control of, what did he say it was?


Three point what billion people use? God damn three. Well, I 3.2. Well, I Was you billion fucking people use Facebook. I was telling you this the other day. I think his political transformation is interesting because now there's a cynical view. Like it's From Juujitsu. I agreed it. When you do MA Yeah. And you're around other like men and you're around, your testosterone goes up, you start to feel your body. You put your hands on the world. Yeah. You can have a different perspective. For real. Yeah. It's gonna change. It, it, it, it, they, they have done studies. I believe. Jamie, you can look at something where, where when they raise a man's testosterone, he becomes more conservative. More right wing. Yes. Yeah. Well, listen, man, and it's also a nice lesson to all those nerds out there that think they can never be a beast.


It's not true. It's not true. You, you don't have to hate people that are like physically competent and come join party. Minimal. You can be one of them. Yeah. And I always bring up Mikey Muci, just 'cause he's awesome and he's a brilliant guy who's like, wears these thick glasses. He's always, always smiling. Amazing. Hey, You can fucking kill everybody in the room. The room. Correct. Like, Zuckerberg's on his way to becoming that. Yeah. You know, and he was, if you go back just a few years ago, he's a fencer, nerdy guy. Yeah. You know, he was like really smart, but not, not really physical. And now it's Defend his whole life up here. Now He's down here. Well, he's talking about it, he was talking about on the podcast yesterday that he loves training because it gives him a chance to express this side that has been demonized in our culture.


Yeah. You know, His voice sounds different even. Yeah. He's getting, he's becoming a man. Well, fucking bro. Men are raised by women in, in our schools and stuff. And, and because of this, probably in the past 30 years, masculinity was always considered was, was they were taught it's a liability. Your aggression's, corporate environ, your competitiveness, all that stuff. Sorry. Corporate environments, you know. Yeah. Which have really like, put the brakes on masculine behavior. And we talked about that yesterday too, that like, that's actually in some ways a good thing because it gives women this opportunity to excel as well. Yeah. You know, they shouldn't have to like, become a man in order to get you should. They shouldn't have that, you know, sexist perspective Right. Imposed upon them. And so, but it's like everything else, it's like an overcorrection.


Yeah. You know, like you have things go completely this way and then they come back like woke, like the woke ideology. It went so far right. Or so far left. Now it's kind of swinging back. Well, the, the Woke ideolog had a major problem, which was, it was reductive. Right. It would reduce Yes. A complicated world to a binary world. Which, which is ironic by the way. But it would, it would say, sort of say, I can solve all this. There are oppressors and oppressed. There's power and powerless. Black and white. And that's Also's. There's no forgiveness. Zero forgiveness, Zero for Don't apologize. They'll really crucify you. And you can't, there's no retribution. No, there's no way to come back.


But my 13-year-old son, You can see these kids now at 13. Don't start talking to him about this shit because the, these kids are like, they've already been, they figured it out at 13. I'm telling you. Yeah. My son was like, I don't feel I don't like this shit. Yeah. I wanna do juujitsu and wrestle All the time. Fuck off. Also podcasts. Correct. Yeah. Correct. They get to hear actual men who've made it through the maze. Yeah. And aren't a bitch. Yeah. And they go, Hey, wait a minute. That guy seems really nice and having fun, competent. And he is an actual man. Yeah. Like, there, there's real men out there. He Does shit. That's fun too. He's good At stuff. Fun, good stuff. Like, has a good time. Yeah. That's the point. Stop crying All the time. Why are we fucking Oversharing? Yeah. Why are we promoting and propping up people who fucking cry All the time?


Listen, I cry. I cry. I cry. If I'm happy I cry if I'm sad. Yeah. I cry when I think about my dogs that have died. I have A whole joke about that. It's like I, there are a couple things. My whole joke is this. I can't call my friends. I, I, I had this joke. I was like, if I call my friends and I'm like, I'm sad, my friends gonna call, call me. Bitch. You, you got the wrong number. Pussy. And it's like Joe Rogan, that's a mean way to talk to me. You know? But it's true. I remember one time I called you and this is fucking great. I called you and I remember, I I, my audition went bad And it was like the third I I, I would get right there. I was about to. And back then, remember if you got a TV show, you, you, you, your money problems were gone for a while. Oh yeah. All I thought about was I, I get to drink great wine and buy a fucking house and take a Minute.


Right? Yeah. You're thinking of a nice car. Car, Remember? Yeah. And I fucking called you and I go like this. I go, ah, fuck dude. I don't know. I just, I was good. And he goes, you can't be good. You gotta be great. I go, I know. I know. I know. I just, I don't know. I just, I don't know. I just can't, I can't figure it out. And I was bummed Right. And I was basically saying, I'm sad. And you fucking go. You go. Yeah. And he goes, what do you wanna do tonight? I go, I don't know. I just little down he goes, Hey, you'll be all right. Let's just fucking go out and eat and, and do something. You'll figure it out. Fucking relax. Don't, don't get all like mopey about this shit. I was like, okay. And that was it. That's A lot of people get mopey men. Yeah. I had a lot of friends that got super mopey when they didn't get things. So think about the audition process. And I've, I've, I've always talked about this, that this is a part of the whole problem with the entire psychology of Los Angeles.


'cause a giant percentage of people at least had some way in the back of her head, some, some sort of an aspiration to try to get famous. Yeah. So you move there, you have already a exorbitant need for attention because there's some hole in your past Yeah. In your, that you're trying to fill up with I wanna be a star. Yes. I don't wanna be. So, and then you're going somewhere. So you have this need for acceptance and then you're going somewhere where people judge you and most of the time judge you poorly. Yeah. Most of the time they don't like you. So most things you audition for, you don't get. Right. And if you get one, oh my God, now I'm in. And so now these manipulative people that are in charge of casting you, they can essentially mold your personality based on what they want.


If they want a left wing personality. If they want you to be pro Kamala and we need a black woman president, you want you to say All the, I I took my eighth booster this morning. Like, I believe in science. You know, love is love. Like they'll turn you into that fucking thing. Yes. They'll turn you into that thing. Because the, the entire place is about the golden ticket. Everybody wants the golden ticket. I was so lucky because I never had any aspirations about acting. I had zero. I remember, I remember you called me. Do you remember you called me? But I mean, lemme just, let me tell you the whole story behind it. When MTV when I did the half hour comedy hour, and then I got a development deal to do a sitcom.


I had never taken a single acting class. And all of a sudden I have this development deal and I'm over there. And when the show that I was on got canceled, I was ready to go back to New York and be a comic again. I was like, fuck this place. But I bought a, I had a lease. I had a lease on an apartment for a year. I'm like, fuck. Right. So I have, I was stuck in this. I couldn't afford to not be in this, 'cause now I wasn't getting $20,000 a week anymore. Yeah. Like, whatever the fuck I was doing, I remember. And I was like, holy shit. And I was ready to leave. And so then I get another development deal. And then I audition for the second show I ever do. I only had two auditions ever. Hardball and News Radio. And I'm on two TV shows. I'm like, this is crazy.


Yep. And so I never went through that whole thing. I never went through that whole, this could change my life. My life was already changed. Yeah. I didn't, none of it made any sense to me. I was making all this money. I had a, I had a Toyota super turbo. I remember. I was like, this is crazy. I remember you bought that Acura, the new Acura. Oh, NSX. Yeah. Dude, I loved it. You used to pick me up in that shit. I was like, Ooh. It was like a little jet fighter car. Yep. I loved it. But it was just like, for me it was all gravy. So I was watching everybody scramble for this thing. And it was examining the psychology of it and how it affects everything. Because when people didn't get auditions, when they went on auditions and you went out to dinner with 'em at night, they were so depressed. That would be me. Oh, You all, All the time.


You All the time. You wanted it so bad. I remember we didn't convers think there was any other options. And I remember telling you like, why don't you just do standup? Yeah. Why don't you just throw yourself in a standup? Yeah. Like, you're so funny, dude. You're so good on stage. But when you get up there, sometimes you're just like, I feel like you're auditioning for a show. Yeah. That's what I felt like you were doing when you were doing standup. Yeah. Like you didn't wanna be crazy, but then off stage you would say, wow, you'd say silly things. You'd be like much more vulnerable and ridiculous. Yeah. And that was the funny, Brian, I'm like, just throw yourself into this thing. You Remember when I was doing that? I finally got my own show. I'm doing the shows. I was like, Hey, fucking dude, I, I don't like this. I want to stand up now. Yeah. Now I told you like the cool thing about being 57, I'm enjoying standup more now than I ever have.


Well, you're smarter now. Yeah. And Rera said this to me years ago. He is like, Joe, You know, he was like in his sixties at the time. It's like, Joe, I've never been sharper than ever. You just keep doing it and you keep getting better. We're so lucky we're comics. Fuck. We're so lucky. So lucky. And he was, he was better in his sixties than he was in his. Hilarious. He was always Grace. Hilarious. He's always in his sixties. Hilarious. I paid to see Dom Marra before I ever did standup comedy. Dom Was the best. Don Good. So did I. So did I. Did you first I was in college and I was at the improv in New York and my father took me to, we sat there and watched Dom Marra. I remember that's why when, when, when I come off stage at the Laugh Factory and I was still a little in awe of Dom. And Dom goes, Ray come over here.


And I was like, oh, maybe he's gonna gimme some pointers, you know? And I go over there, I go, he goes, you know what I love about your act? I go, what? And he goes, you don't go for the laughs. I was like, You motherfucker. Dom was the best at that Hess. Hilarious. The subtle disc, the comedy disc. I became friends with Dom. Well I think I'd actually done an open mic night or two before I met him. But then I, or before I was paid to see him rather, but then not that long afterwards. So this is like four years later, like 92. I was working with him in Montreal. We did the That's Intimidating. Yeah.


It wasn't though. He was super cool. Yep. Maybe it was a year after. He's a real comic man. Real comic to me. It was 93, so maybe it was like five years later. So I'm like real raw in comedy. But I had my feet under me at that point in time where I had some material that could kill. Like I wasn't a really good comic, but I had a few jokes, especially sex jokes that were bangers kill. Yeah, they were bangers. Yeah. And so we did Montreal together and then I was in Amsterdam, billiards. This is in my, almost became a professional pool player stage. Like if, if pool was a a real career like golf, I would've become a pool player. Yeah. I just loved it. I loved the pool. You're lucky You didn't get into golf, dude. People, you're a maniac. I'm terrified. You were fucking crazy.


But I love the, the pool players. I love the, this, the hang, they were just so different. They were outcasts and they were loose and fun and we, we said ridiculous shit to each other. And everybody was laughing All the time. It was always fun. And I, so I was playing pool every night. And so I had a gig and before the gig I think, or maybe after the gig, I went to Amsterdam and Diara pulls up and he's got his own cue. And I was like, Dom, you play pool? And he's like, yeah, you play pool. I go, I fucking love pool. I go, let's play some pool. And he was good. Wow. Wow. We, we were playing straight pool, which is like the type of pool they played in the movie, the Hustler.


It's very rarely played in America anymore, but it's an amazing game. You play with a stack of 15 balls and you knock off one. The first break is like a safe break and everybody moves balls around until someone makes a mistake and leaves an opening and that guy smashes into the balls. And then you run as many balls as you can in order. So it's called 14 in one. So it doesn't matter if it's solids, It doesn't matter. You leave 14 balls on the table and the one ball, like you leave a break ball and then you rack the other 14. And so you shoot the break ball in. The idea is to collide your Q ball into the stack and keep running. So lemme give a shout out to Jason Shaw. 'cause Jason Shaw, who's one of the best pool players on Earth, one of the greatest of all time.


He just broke the world record in straight pool this week. Wow. And I think, I think he ran 839 balls. Jason with a YJA watch. So he, he dude from Needs 839 in a row. Fuck. Yeah. He's trying to get to a thousand. That's insane. So he got 8 32. 8 32. So the record before was set by Willie Moscone in like the sixties. And it was on an eight foot table with big pockets. That was like 500 and something balls. So he beat that. He ran 714 balls. So that was the previous world record he also owned. And then he just ran 832 balls.


When I tell you like the concentration involved in doing that, 'cause you're talking about hours of play. I mean, I don't know how many racks of 15 balls is 832. Someone do the math. I think When you do, I think when you get that good at anything you learn about, you learn everything about life. Well he is a wizard and About yourself. He is a wizard. Yeah. But you But I'm saying when you master something like that, yeah. I'm not saying your marriage is gonna be great. I'm saying when you master something like that, it's a, it's a very good way to really get to know yourself. Here's how great professional pool is right now. He doesn't even win most tournaments. That's, yep. Yep. Is there a nationality he can that Dominates? No, Filipinos are among the highest level on earth.


Why Do You know? Well, because the GIS went there in the 1950s and they brought pool and Filipinos learned how to play pool in very tough conditions because it's very humid over there. Oh fuck. So humidity affects the tablecloth and the moisture in the tablecloth slows down the roll of the balls. And so you can take two approaches to that. You could either hit the balls hard, which is like the American way to do it, or the Filipinos learn to use the entire weight of the cue and have an elegant, almost like artistic way of playing. They have the most beautiful strokes stroke versus a hit. Yes. They have the most beautiful strokes.


Especially at the time. So there was a guy who came over in the 1970s and his name was Efrin Reyes. And he came over under the, the Nam Depl. Cesar Morales. And he was this Filipino kid who changed to A different Spanish name. Yeah. Well he went from Filipino to Mexican. Yeah. Because everybody would've known him. Right. If they had ever gone to the Philippines. Because in the Philippines he was already robbing everybody and like a legitimate wizard, a chess genius. Damn. And unbelievable. Widely considered, if not the greatest of all time. One of the, You know, it's like MMA like is it Khabib, is it Mighty Mouse? Is it John Jones? It's one of those deals. One of the absolute greatest pool players of all time.


And then from Efron Reyes came all these other, this Filipino invasion where they were just dominating pool like and big money, like giant money games. Half a million dollar matches. Fuck yeah. Yeah. A ton of them. And When you, when you have a match, how many games are you playing? It depends. Depends. Yeah. Some of these guys will play like a race to 120, whoever wins 120 games and they'll play it over three days and they'll do it for a hundred thousand dollars. Wait a race, 120 games. 120 games of nine ball. That's a lot. That's a lot. But that's really gonna find out who's the better player. So like, so how long would that take if you and I played 10 games? Yeah. And maybe I'm a little better than you.


You could win those 10 games. Yeah. You could get on a roll. You could get a lot of rolls of the balls where I get safe a few times or I scratch on the brake a couple of times. And so that's two more games that you pro maybe wouldn't have won if we were playing, you know, even Mm. And you could win a race to 10. Like the, the odds of me winning a race to 10, if we were both, if I was just slightly better than you, it'd be like, You know, maybe 60 40 or 55 45. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. But when you get to a race to 120, then your odds dwindle. Well that's a physical, the better player always Wins. That becomes a physical game too now. Yes. Now you're actually an athlete a little Bit. Yes. Well sort of, Sort of. I mean, Be concentration for sure.


Yeah. But your body can't break down cause it Wasn. No, your body can't break down those. The best guys are all fit. You never got really big fat sos No. That can handle, there used to be a guy. I mean, what I love about The Hustler, one of the great greatest movies ever with Paul Newman is when Jackie, what the fuck's his name Gleason, Jackie Gleason said it really came down to character. He, he washed his hands, washed his face, and drew a blank and came back and beat him. Yeah. That, that was a really interesting lesson for me as a young man. Guys really Do that too. They clear their mind, they go in the bathroom, they throw cold water on their face, they their hands, they change their clothes. They just need something to break themselves out of it. It's a mental game. Like, you know, Jeremy Jones, who's another all time great won the US Open, good friend of mine we were talking about.


He is like, I think it's the most mental game in the world because it's not just about thinking about what happens, it's about execution under pressure. And then it's also about you're controlling the rotation of a ball. Like you, if you hit it this hard, it goes that far. Subtle, subtle, subtle. But if you hit this hard, it goes that far, far. And that's what you want. You want the difference between an inch and an inch and a half. It's crazy. But everything, everything at the highest level, at the highest level, it's those micro adjustments. Right. There's a, the, the reason why Magnus Carlson wins all those chess tournaments, right? When they say, when, when r and Nadal, who's one of the greatest tennis players ever, when he won Wimbledon, they're all clap. And he comes in and the legend goes, I don't dunno if it's true, but I heard it makes sense. He, he's coming in and he's going like this.


He goes, I, I think my grip, I, I think I want to, he's not even paying attention, he's talking to his coach. I feel like my grip should be just a little bit like that or still making micro adjustments. You just won't, You have to. Yeah. That's what makes them so good in the first place. I know guys who change their grip All the time in their queue. Like sometimes they'll grab it like this with two fingers and then they change it and then they turn their wrist forward and they'll play for a year with their wrist forward. Oh guys do weird Shit. But it isn't standup. Like, look, so I'm gonna shoot this special and I'm gonna throw it away and I gotta start again. Yeah. And just because I've done five specials doesn't mean it's gonna be easier. It's gonna be a motherfucker. 'cause I've gotta come up with, I gotta make sure I don't repeat myself. I gotta make sure I'm not, I I, you gotta have Something To say. You got something, something to say took a whole, You can't get calcified took a whole month off of standup after I did my special.


'cause I didn't have anything to say. You have to, I'm like, I got drained doing that thing. Especially doing it live. Yes. I was like, this is so draining. And then I was like, let me like think about what I wanna talk about afterwards. Like, and then do You have any ideas now? Oh Yeah. I'm, I've got like 25 minutes now. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's good stuff. Like, it's fun. Have a good Time. Tired. Do you ever get tired of talking to, do you ever get tired of doing this podcast even though you have very interesting people? No. No, I don't. No. Oddly enough at All the things in my life, this is the one thing that I, I kind of net, well first of all, I choose who goes on it. Right. So I'm always looking forward to talking to those people. Yeah. But I love talking to people man. Yeah. I, I like it.


Yeah. Like that's like the whole like moody loner thing. I don't get it. Like, people to me are awesome. They're interesting. I like being inspired. I like being intrigued. I like trying to think about, 'cause you Have a lot of problem solvers on this podcast too. Oh yeah. You know? Oh yeah. Well I've definitely gotten a unexpected education. Yeah. You know, if you go back and listen to me in 2009 when I started this thing, I was a retard. We all Were. Yeah. I think what was interesting is we would, I'd have these opinions and I'd, I'd, I'd state these truths and then like somebody would Google it and be like, Hey, hey dude. No. Yeah. It's like I had this hilarious Yeah. Fucking typical Brian Kell. I'm talking about cows grass fed all this shit. And how, Hey, hey man, I never been on a farm.


Okay. Never, never raised cows. The Farmer goes, Hey, I love your podcast. Brian's wrong about everything he said, but it's cool. I fucking emailed the guy back. You know, I'm talking to him and he gave me an education. He's like, I mean, what you're saying is just not true when it comes to how you raise cows. And it was a thousand things. Of course I had no idea. That's the biggest liability I think in a lot of ways. You know Who you should talk to? You should have Will Harris on your show. Who's that? Will Harris runs this amazing farm in Georgia where it started out as a industrial farm that his family owned. And he converted it to regenerative agriculture over 20 years. And it took him forever to do it. What's the name of the farm again?


James White Oak Pastures. White Oak Pastures. White Oak Pastures. And then there's Joel Ton who's a, a similar guy who I think he was, they were talking about him having something to do with farming in the Trump administration. I don't know if that's come to pass, but if it does, I I really do hope that he'll be involved. 'cause he's another brilliant guy who runs a regenerative farm farm Farming's No joke. And what they do is essentially their type of farming is recreating nature. So they just contain nature. Instead of like having people, You know, shuttle all these cows into these stalls and put a fucking trough in front of 'em and like, no, these, these animals graze out in the field. They just control where they go and they eat what they normally would eat.


And they make sure that they get plenty of new ground. So they move them to new ground when they've used up All the grass, they push 'em over there. And then the chickens do the same thing. They, they have a chicken coop that's a mobile chicken coop. They push it out, they open it up, they run around and then he's dealing with like hawks killing his chickens. So he's gotta come up with ways to mitigate the Hawks. That's, yeah. This is like Mike C. Wood, you know Mike, great guy. Do you know Mike Catherine Wood? He was on Loveline. Oh, oh yes. Yeah, I Know Mike. And he lives in Austin. So he, what Do they call, what's his, his name on the radio Show? The psycho Mike Catherine. That's right. So Mike gets, Mike comes down with his, his wife, who's an actress, and they're like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be in Austin in the outskirts and I'm gonna, I wanna live on a farm.


So he's did he he move here? Yeah. He's a kid from, from la. He goes, I get here and we got Guinea foul, we got little sheep, we got, you know, rabbits we got, and fucking the snakes are eating all my eggs. The Guinea fowl getting decimated by coyotes, foxes, whatever the fuck it lives out there. Yeah. I mean, everything's dying. Coyotes. I'm, we're just getting decimated by hawks coming in. Mm. I'll take, I'll take your bunnies. That's adorable. You think You can raise bunnies? So they're just getting decimated. Guess what they did? What's the one change they made? What'd they do? They got Two Anatolian Shepherds. Oh yeah. And bro, he said even the fucking snakes are on those. He's like, those fucking dogs are just like the coyotes.


Excuse me sir. That's The fuck outta here. That's that's what they were bred For. Oh my God. And they're not pets ares not indoor pets. No. Those fucking things will just patrol your grounds and anything on four legs is gonna pay a very dear price. Good. Yeah, I want four of them. Yeah, they don't fuck around. I'm gonna buy a ranch. Are you? Yeah. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I've been talking about it for a while. You live on it. I'm just waiting for the maybe, but at the very least we're gonna put the podcast on the ranch. Really? Yeah, because I wanna have a ranch. I don't wanna, the work also a big piece of land in case things go sideways where I can have like a whole community on a ranch. This is where I start my cult. I'm gonna have just let people build on the ranch. Hey.


Like give 'em a few acres. I Got some kids I wanna come by. That's what I'm saying. Like imagine if you have like a 2000 acre property and on that 2000 acre property, there's like a literal community of you and your friends. Yeah. And you can go hunt on the land. Yeah, that'd be me. And then there's water. There's a lake there. Count Me in. Yeah. I'll wear a tweed jacket. I'll smoke cigars. I'm not gonna do any of the work. But I'll, I'll Supervise. You're not have to do any of the work. Boy, there's no need for that. Go and take care of that. Hey, It's, I think it's a crazy dream. Like it's a crazy idea to do. But isn't everything a crazy, like, coming here is a crazy idea. Yeah. Building a mothership was a crazy idea. But What if you had a, like a, a big pond with fish? Yeah. So you can fish. You had land, You can shoot your own, You know Own. Lemme tell you about fresh water fish.


Yeah. Can't eat a lot of 'em. Why? Because of poison. Oh, really? Yeah. There's a lot of mercury and fresh water fish. Really? Yeah. There was a dude who, what did he win? He won some big fishing derby. He was a big time fisherman. He started getting some weird neurological condition and it turned out it was 'cause he was just eating fresh water fish All the time. And some lakes. So you gotta think about rainfall. Like you remember when we were younger, acid rain, everybody's worried about it went rain, acid rain. Yeah. What happened to that? I don't know. It went away. But the thing about it is like pollutants in the air, when the rain comes down, it does bring all that shit into the water and then it stays in that water.


You know? So if you've got a lake and that lake gets drowned on with pollution, rain, yeah. You're gonna have a certain amount of toxic elements that are gonna be in that water. Yeah. Mercury is not good for normal Body. Look, why don't you Google how much? Oh, Jamie's already on it. Eating one fresh water fish equals a month of drinking forever. Chemicals water. Well, what's a problem? No more trout for me. See that's the problem. These forever chemicals, PFAS found at high levels in freshwater fish with most concern for vulnerable communities. So like, this is a good point about the vulnerable communities because I was filming a TV show once in Detroit and we were on the banks of this river that was fucking clearly polluted.


And there was all these really poor people who were on the banks of that river that were fishing for food. Yeah. And not just a few. Yeah. Like quite a bunch of people that were trying to get their dinner on that river. And you know, people that really, they needed that for food. They looked real poor. And you know, there was a white, black, all kinds of different nationalities. Asians and a lot of people. And I was like, whoa. Like Detroit is, at least was in 2012 when I was filming this thing was fucking scary. Like Yeah. When you realize how a city, which was one of the richest cities in the country there, thereby one of the richest cities in the world in the 1950s during the, the peak of the automotive industry.


And then to see it just decimated. Decimated. And these people were just, and I was like, oh my God, they're gonna eat these fish. And then I thought, oh my god, they have to eat these fish. Well that was the great migration, right? So from the south, the bla the huge number of black people went up to Detroit looking for jobs. And the problem was when they got to their, first of All, the auto industry started to get decimated because it started to move toward Japan and different countries. But also in the fifties in the, in, in, I can't remember see when the great migration was. It was before that. I feel like everything started fucking up in the seventies. Well They, they had jobs and there was a whole thriving community. But what really what happened also was that the Auto Workers Union, I'm sorry, but it kept black people out of it. There's a lot of racism that went on.


So a lot of people couldn't find jobs. The great migration refers movement to a large scale movement of approximately 6 million African Americans from the rural south to urban areas in North and west be between roughly 19, 16 and 1970. Driven primarily by the desire to escape racial violence, pursue better economic opportunities and excess improved education in the north. Escaping Jim Crow laws. Yeah. Didn't work out Well it did for a while. I mean, and maybe in a way it did because they thrived in those areas where they probably wouldn't have, well it was Like the Puerto Rican exodus from Puerto Rico to New York. They went up there looking for manufacturing jobs. Then the manufacturing jobs coincided with moving south.


So you had this massive number of people who didn't have anywhere to go In the early 19 hundreds. Many African Americans migrated north to work in Detroit's booming industries, yet they rarely saw the benefits. Many white neighbors actively denied African Americans access to decent living conditions and job opportunities. Yep. There it is. Yeah. So a lot of darkness and all that stuff. There Is, yeah. The history. This city that's left over now, you know, you've seen Roger and me, right? Yeah. Michael Morris film, which is like, I think is best one, is like when he was pure Yeah. You know, he wasn't like ideologically captured and editing things for effect. Yeah. He was Pure That was a bummer. I saw that he started doing that.


Yeah. It is a problem because then it makes you question everything else. Well the, The the the, the the biggest thing that every mainstream publication is in crisis. And I think they've earned it. They've deserved it. The New York Times still makes money, but primarily not 'cause of their articles that people read. It's primarily 'cause they're crosswords, they're their puzzles. Yeah. But, you know, brutal. Yeah. But when you take things outta context and you have journalists that are 26 years old and have an ideological bent, people just, You know, the rest of us are going, the news doesn't reflect the world I live in. Whatever the fuck you're saying. I don't know who this is. I don't even, I've never seen this. I live in a very different world and it's gonna be interesting to see.


I I I think there's a liability though where podcasts take the place of mainstream media in some ways because then you have somebody who's very good at talking for three hours and they, they can really sway a lot of people. But that's one side of their story. So now you have just that. So you have to be careful because sometimes it could just move things over here where again, the truth is somewhere in the middle a lot of times. Or it's more nuanced or there's just more to know. You Know, it's definitely more nuanced. Nuanced. I think there's always gonna be a real problem with people that don't really know what's going on. Say they know what's going on. Yes. When they say they know what's going on, it confuses everybody and it fucks everything up. And it's another version of gaslighting.


So CNN And you know, M-S-N-B-C, they gaslight you. They gaslight you. And they, they, they actively promote propaganda and narratives that are not objectively true. And the problem on the other side is if you are in opposition of that and you say you know this And you know that, but you really don't like, you gotta be real clear with what you say. They have to, people have to really be able to try. Like if you don't know, you have to say, Ooh, I didn't know that. You have to say that. Yes. If you do not say that, no one is going to listen to you anymore. And they shouldn't. Right.


Because the difference between someone who's completely independent and a podcaster and someone who's on CNN should be that no one is telling you what to do. So what is your ethical compass? What's the evidence too? Right? What's the evidence? But also what's your ethical compass? Are you trying to win and be correct or are you trying to find out what's going on? Well It's also about ratings, right? So cnn, you gotta, you Gotta, yeah, but it's not because I don't think about ratings. No, you don't. I'm Saying but that, but that's why I have them. That's right. See what I'm saying? Like, it's not about ratings. Right? Like ratings come if people believe you. Like, if you sit around thinking about the ratings, do you think you would be on No.


No. What do you mean? You Be on this show right now. Imagine if I was like saying things. Yeah. How'd that come across? Can we do that again? Lemme do that again. You didn't even get it. You didn't even catch it. Oh, you fucker. Oh wait a hey you motherfucker, you saying that Mark Zuckerberg and Mel Gibson get better, better ratings than me. This is Bullshit. Occasionally, occasionally they do you fuck you. I like talking to everybody. I don't, I genuinely don't give a fuck. Like how you never have the show's gonna do. I don't think You can. I think if you do that it'll distort what you do. And I think we've all seen people who fall victim to what they call audience capture. Yeah. You know, they start getting a, a crowd like you see with a lot of guys like online, they start saying like, a lot of wacky rightwing things and everybody like, yeah.


Finally someone's telling the truth and then they become just like a, a fucking nippling diamond. Well, my, my my, my compass for that is this, whenever I hear somebody say on a podcast or whatever, when they say you guys, all those people over there are wrong. I'm, I'm the one whistleblower I've figured out I'm the one Now you do have mavericks, but I always am weary of when I hear somebody go all that the entire medical establishment is wrong. And I'm right. And I go, Hmm. I don't think so. I think it's great. I I I I just don't think you know enough. I don't think you as one person, I'm not gonna just put all my bags. I'm, there is something called a scientific consensus. Sometimes that can be a bullshit consensus.


We can be told, we can be told to climate, climate scientist all agree. Right. Right. It's not true. It's just how you get funding. So sometimes the incentive structures are there. And the same with the medical establishment. Correct. Let's just be a little bit Yeah. Let's be a little bit more, You Know. Yeah. You can't say, you know, things. 'cause I've heard people who are those kind of people say they know things about me. Yeah. Like, oh, you know that you can't use your phone on his show. I've heard people say that like confidently. Yeah. Well, the CIA is right behind confidently say that he's handled by the CIA. Listen, Mike Baker is my friend and I'm pretty sure he is still in the cia. A I like him. I like him. I have him on because like, here's a guy who was shit, CIA operative.


Like, let me ask this guy how, and I really do believe he's a patriot. Yeah. And I really do think he's a great guy and I think there's a lot of them. And I, and I'm, I don't believe cops are bad. And I, I don't believe any of that bullshit. I think there's bad people in every fucking business. There's a lot of comedians that I think are rotten cunts. Yep. I don't like them. Yep. You know, but it doesn't mean I hate comedians. I love comedians. Right. But there's some comedians that fucking suck. Correct. And if you encounter those comedians and that's your only exposure to comedians, you're gonna think, oh my God, these guys are all selfish assholes and narcissists and they rob people and Yeah. It's just a few, it's just a few of those. I also know some CIA people like real CIA people and you talk to them and it's like, they're always like this.


They're always like, dude, I, I wish we were as competence people say. I mean Yeah. If you were involved in Talk to Evan Fer, like he's one of my best friends. I just had, I had breakfast with him today. Love that guy. I love Evan to death. And he's flying out here To see your special show. He's tonight come to my show. Yeah. I love him. Yeah. I just, he said this to him today. He's that he, that was his business for a while. Correct. I I know a bunch of those guns. Correct. And you need, you need, you wanna know how the real world works? The real world works. Talk to Evan. Have a conversation with Evan. Andy starts STOs. Same thing, same thing with I say to him, I go, I went to his wedding and I loved everybody there because they were all his closest friends. Evan was there and stuff. And I just, that was the first time I met Evan. And, and I'm just talking to these tier one guys and they just seemed so intelligent and they were so, and they were, and John Dudley was there and a lot of like great guys.


But I'm talking to some pretty cool people Right. Who, who, who have done a lot with their life and they were well-rounded and everything else. And I said, man, I I just think it'd be so fun to be in that in a tier one unit because they're just all so, they're so smart and they're just, they just have such a wide breadth of knowledge and Andy goes, God, you're so fucking wrong. That's Andy. Andy's the best. Andy had one of the quickest paths of black belts I think I've ever seen. Oh, Is he a black belt now? Yep. Well he lives with a black belt instructor. That's the thing. Okay. When your wife is a black belt, you better get your fucking P's and Q's in order, son. Yeah. Yeah. Dot your eyes. I think he's Probably a quick study. That dude is so fucking smart. He's another guy who's very smart, Genius, but also obsessive, like he got obsessive with bow hunting, became very proficient at bow hunting very quickly.


Yeah. And then, you know, living with a black belt though, what a huge advantage. You can just drill with your wife All the, it's also Seal team six guy. So he's got some physicality also kind Of hot. You know, your wife's strangled, strangling every that's got Yeah. Yeah. She's, you know. Yeah. And she could probably kick his ass in the beginning. Leah. Leah is built like a true athlete. Oh yeah. You cannot be light in the ass. Super Smart too. Yeah, she's great. Super smart, quiet. Which like, I think most black belts are, I think it's just, there's too many things you have to consider to get that good at Juujitsu. There's so there it's Infinite. Yeah. You could be a brute and just brute strength your way through a lot of it. And, you know, be kind of halfway dumb and get to black belt. Maybe, maybe My Only regret is not to not going down that rabbit hole.


I I I, I'm, I train now. I wake up Every morning going Ah, Yeah. Ah, ugh, ugh, ugh, Ugh. You don't train much anymore, right? No, It's too much. I want to though. This is the thing. I'm trying to rehab my fucking knee. My knee is the thing that's keeping me from doing it right now. I twisted it when I was hunting this year. Yeah. Pretty Bad. My joke is, its swollen up. That happened to me the other day. I, I trained at this, this in in no no's. MMA who? I, I love it down in Hermosa and I, I I love doing it, but I Of course I'm rolling with a 26-year-old and I'm like, let's go. And Of course I'm 57 and I see his ankle. Don't gimme your ankle, bro. I'm an ankle guy. I pick his ankle, drive him to the ground. Fucking poke that ankle up. Yeah. You, I'm back. I'm back, bro. I'm arrest high school.


How tired You high school dude, real quick. Had trouble looking. Left for 11 days. All right. Fucking worth it. You know, that's a problem. Well you gotta, when you're old, you gotta roll in a different way. You gotta roll. Like roll with John Jock Machado. Okay. John Jock Machado who was, you know, my instructor since 1998. John Jock is still rolling and still dominating black belts on the mat. Yeah. When John jock rolls, he never moves fast. There's no fast. Yeah. His knowledge is so wide. His understanding of jui. He's talking to you. Joe Hogan. Joe Hogan. I'm about to pass your guard. Like he's talking shit to You. Does whatever He wants, but it's smooth and slow.


Yeah. And because of that, he does not get hurt. Yeah. You know what I mean? He's had a, a few injuries over the year, but when it talk, when you, you, you deal with like high level black belts who roll on a consistent basis. And Sean Jacksons in his fifties now. He is not hurt. He still like, looks fantastic. He's like filled with energy trains All the time. Smart. Yeah. Sometimes I'll train, ill train with You Can't do that ape shit that you did when you were 23. Like fucking wrestler. I, I don't get, I don't get hurt when I'm rolling with somebody who's really good. Yeah. Fuck That. Yeah. You can't be that guy. You gotta like, you know, you gotta move slow. Yeah. Slow and strong. I like to talk shit to guys who are way better. That's fine. And you gotta be flexible. That's the other thing. You gotta really work on your stretching and your flexibility.


You have to maintain your mobility. I was watching Arm Manukian who's fighting Islam Moche. Yeah. For the lightweight title next weekend. Monster. Monster. And he was doing this mobility and flexibility routine. You're like, this is insane. He's so jacked and so mobile. Like more than I think anybody I've ever seen. Well, part of That also, I think that one of the people don't talk about this, I think the Pakistani is the Russians. Like Rab. Look at, look at that. Oh, Jesus Christ. That's the dude who's fighting for the lightweight title. Jesus. And by the way, they fought a few years back And it was god damn son. Dude, I thought I was, I thought I was straight this whole time. God Damn Shit. That dude is even flexing right there. That's A good looking man.


I mean, that's a strong man is what I meant. Good looking and strong. God I'm gay. You're correct on both. Jesus. What a monster. Yeah. Homeboys fucking super. Well by, by the way, his coach is a gold medalist. Super. I think his gold coach is a gold medalist Olympic wrestler. Here's the thing about those guys. I think one of their advantages that nobody talks about is that when you get a guy like Khabib, you get these Pakistanis, you get these Russians, these, these Armenians and stuff. They've been training probably since they were six. Yep. And, and, and so what happens is your tendons and everything gets really, really strong. And also if you ever watch like Alexander Lan, the way they would warm up Oh yeah. Those guys like Lan could do a back flip, go splits and all that. Those guys, the way they warm up was it was scientific.


Yes. And, and so because they knew that the micro damage that happens and so they would, they would strengthen All the connective tissue first. And I think a lot of times, like guys like Rab, guys like Murma Umar since they've been training so long, their bodies are different. They feel different. They are different. They're more rugged. So they don't get injured. They don't deal with injuries. I think one of the biggest things that is, is hard for A lot of guys. This is they all get injured. They Might get injured. I think they get injured less. They Probably do. Or they train, they train differently. You're Definitely right that their bodies are stronger. Yeah. 'cause they've been doing it since they were younger and that they get developed in that way. Yeah. But they're All the other, the opposite is true with striking.


Like, not the opposite, but it's also true with striking that if you start striking when you're in your thirties, you're never gonna catch Floyd Mayweather. Never. Never. You, you, You just, you need that radar. Well you need that. Your body needs to be sort of like developed to strike. Yeah. But you also have to be like, if you look at the, the boxers, like if you look Floyd Mayweather, his father and his uncle said to him like they knew, they were like, boxing is just about as much about not getting hit. Like you can be great and everything else. If, if your emphasis isn't on every time you throw, you gotta be in a position where you're not gonna get hit. Right. Every time you step Sama was that way too. Every time you, you throw, you step. Right. And, and that a huge part of that is it was all a foot game.


And all of that is, if you haven't been trained properly as you're learning how to box, you're gonna get, take a lot of damage and you're fucked. Yep. You're fucked after a while. And if you look at those really good coaches, those old guys, Eddie Fch who taught, who would teach the jab your hand was here because instead of here you were, you were taking shots. You, you would be here. So if you watch him fight with Ken Norton, when he fought Ali, he said when you fight Ali Ali's here, when he, when he jabs he's doing this, I want your hand here. So you can see Norton catching Ali's jab and then boom answering back and catching Ali in the face. Those little details make like literally All the difference in whether you box five more years or if you're done five years earlier.


Well The best examples Floyd, right? Yeah. Because he got hit less than anybody ever. I Can count him on my Hand. Yeah. If you wanna say like, who's the best boxer of all time? I always say Floyd, a hundred percent. He got hit less than anybody. And that's the whole thing. And by the way, didn't have the kind of power that any of these other guys had. No. Didn't have that. Like that. Roy Jones Jr. When he was younger, He was a power puncher. But But he broke his hands a bunch of times. Yeah. That was part of the problem. Yeah. And but even then, like he wasn't a robust guy. Right. You know, so he's, he wasn't Germa, I mean what's his name? Travante Davis or anything. Right. Right. Well that's a great example of a guy which is preposterous power. You know, just preposterous power. Did you see Arthur better be who is Yes. Fighting Dmitri Beal.


Yes. He did a a hammer workout. Yeah. On a tire where he hit a tire for an hour. He Did Per hour. An hour. What? He hit a tire for an hour with a sledgehammer. Mr. Pakistanis are made of different fucking, He's Cheney. Is he? Che but same shit. Mountain humble pe Shamaya savage people. Yeah. And he's the one of the scariest boxers of all time. The only fight that he had as a professional that went the distance is be vault. I know. The only fight. And did You see when people would have, he Was 19, you know, with 19 knockouts. Yes. That's fucking insane. When You have your hands up with him, he'll still concuss you. Yeah. He hits that hard. Oh yeah. Shut up. Just basic two like ones and twos maybe a hook once in a while. There's A great video where this boxer who was, you know, world class boxer who's a professional, got brought in to box bitter beef.


And his coach said to him, just do your best. He's like, do my best. Do my, but what the fuck are you talking do my, I'm gonna fuck this dude up. And he goes, and he hit me the first time he hit me. It was like nothing I'd ever experienced in my life. That's, I saw that like, it was almost like my body left me and I was like, stand there. All That's your job dude. Better be of is hitting people too like this. Yeah. It's all short. Yeah. Everything is short and it's just, but He, your arms power, but they'll hit your arms. Oh yeah. He'll break your arms down and then by hundred percent round five. Enjoy that shit. Canelo does a lot of that. He does a lot of that. He smashes guy's arms. I think the best boxer guys shell up with him. Yeah. You don't want that guy punching your arms.


Oh well I've always said that about look at, look at his workouts with his wrists and fists. Yeah. That's ridiculous. And this is his warmup. Better be of his, one of the craziest specimens. 'cause he's almost 40 years old too. Yeah. So he had this endurance fight with Bival. So it's 12 rounds of super high pace. Yep. Very endurance heavy. And he was the one that was dominating at the, the last round. Correct. Correct. That, that's February 22nd. I'm fucking pumped for that fight. You're gonna fight again. Oh yeah. That's the rematch. I'm very pumped for that fight. 'cause Bival is so goddamn good too. What he did to Canelo. Like, no one's ever done that. Canelo. I think the best fighter, I I think you can make an argument for certainly top three fighters of all time I'm ready to argue is, is Usik.


Yes. I think he's incredible. Incredible. I mean I, I've watched every one of his fights. That dude is on such a different level. He's smaller than everybody. He's fighting giants. He's fighting giants. When You're fighting a guy who's 60 pounds heavier wi with 10 ounce, 12 ounce gloves, it makes such a world of difference trying to hurt. Especially when the guy is fucking Anthony Joshua. You know? But please understand, Usik fought it, I think 75 when he started out. He's not a big friend Guy. No, he's like 2 25, 2 30 as heavyweight. Two 20. Two 20. Not even two 30. Not big. Not big Man. And that's a lot of, he had put That on by way. That was Tyson's weight when he was in his prime two. Yeah. There's something to be said for that. 'cause a 220 pound man, like Mike Tyson can knock out any human being that's ever lived. Yeah. Your job, the amount of power he can generate is insane.


So then you have the speed of being only 220 pounds instead of two 90. You know, or like, remember when Andy Ruiz fought Joshua the second time? Yeah. And he got real fat. Yeah. It was so sad. Yeah. Because like you had a real chance of like carving out a legacy. The the knockout in the first fight was fucking huge. He has speed. Oh my surprised the Shit outta you. His fucking boxing combinations are so fluid. He punches like a middleweight. Yeah. And he, is he A bronze medalist? I don't know in the Olympics? I think so. Think he, I think he is. I think he did medal. Great Boxer. Very, very schooled Boxer. But super nice guy too. When he came out and did the podcast after he beat Joshua, he had a fucking diamond cross the watch. He came in a Rolls Royce.


He did. I was like, let's go see. Let's go Andy. Let's go. I Like it. We gotta get you an accountant though. Don't spend too much of your money that Yeah. You get an accountant. Yeah. And probably don't get to 280 pounds. Yeah. The problem is then all of a sudden you're a superstar and you're partying and you're having CSOs and hanging with the boys. So I think there's a also, you've gotta, you've gotta take the responsibility on of being a champion. It's hard to hold that. It's one thing, it's like starting a business. You can get, you can get people to know about your, your business. It's running a business is very different. Oh. It's a bit like get the, Becoming a Champion. Staying, staying champion, Maintaining champion. I remember Matt Hughes, when BJ Penn beat him. He told me, he goes, honestly Joe, it's a weight off my back. Wow. And I was like, really?


And I was like, it makes sense though. 'cause he was just smashing everybody and he was the person that everyone was chasing. Yeah. And it's like, God, a fucking way on your psyche Though. That's why John Jones to me is just credible. What is this Jamie? He didn't win. He didn't win in the qualification tournaments for The Olympics. Oh. He didn't go to the Olympics. Okay. Okay. But he did win a bunch of other stuff. He represented Mexico in the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games qualification tournaments. Okay. Losing to oh, Cuba. Mm. Cuba. Man, you ever watch Hollywood pass train? Oh my God. The Cubans are amazing. 'cause they don't hit MITs. Like you'll, you'll have a guy and they just move and move and move. And once in a while the coach will lift a glove bot one shot, You know, move and move and move. Right. It's all For work. You'll learn where it is. Yeah. It's all for work. You throw one punch, you know, Every Well they, they like the Russians developed a very technical and very technique oriented way of combat sports.


Yeah. That's why the Russians were so good at Olympics at, at wrestling rather. 'cause they were so technical where the Americans would just try to work harder than everybody else. Yeah. And the Russians like figured out like, no, there's a time you work hard and there's a time you recover and you have to have active recovery. And they got real scientific about their physical training. Real. Like Dan Gable when he did the podcast was explaining to me how he learned sauna from the Eastern Bloc people. Really? Yeah. Really? He's like, he he, they started incorporating sauna. He's like, this is another added element that raises your endurance. Why? 'cause they would train hard and then after training you sit in that sauna for 20 minutes at 190 degrees. Man your heart is hammering. So you're getting static cardio.


Also it has an EPO like effect where it's like a mild dose of EPO. It raises your red blood cells. Really? Yeah. My endurance is raised significantly when I started doing sa What About cold plunges? There's, that's controversial still, right? Well coal plunge is, is not controversial in terms of the way it makes you feel. Okay. So the psychological benefits of the increase in dopamine levels and norepinephrine, that is a hundred percent established. Yeah. I've felt that. I think that is one of the most powerful aspects of the coal plunge. Also what's been established is that when you do the cold plunge before exercise, it raises testosterone. So there's something about doing the cold plunge and then forcing your body to heat up through a warmup and then going through your workout that raises testosterone for people.


And there was a study that was done where it showed this guy went from having an extremely low testosterone level to having a testosterone level where his doctor thought he was juicing. Wow. And all he changed was he started doing cold plunge before. Put every workout, put your body in stress, put your body under stress. It's not good after workout. Really? No, because you want hypertrophy and you want muscles to grow and strengthen. And part of that growth and strengthening is inflammation. So that inflammation is actually good. Mm. Heat on the other hand is good after workouts. So it's good for the effect of, it raises your red blood count account. So that's Interesting. So Dan Gable said he would do a sauna after working out.


Yes. 'cause it raised his endurance. Yes. It raises your endurance. And the, the eastern black athletes already knew that Fedor was famous for using sauna. Wow. Yeah. Fedor would use sauna and cold plunge. So they use hot and cold therapy. So Huberman recommends doing that once a week. And what you do is you go back and forth and back and forth. You always finish on cold though. Always allow your body to reheat itself up. Don't finish on sauna. So you would do cold plunge, sa or sauna, cold plunge. Sauna, cold plunge. However many cycles you wanna do it. But he said that raises your human growth hormone level. The Swedes do that. I did that in fucking Sweden where I was with all these Vikings. It's fucking so funny.


Well The Finnish studies on sauna are amazing. What it's shown, these are long term studies over 20 years. It shows that people who took the sauna four days a week for 20 minutes at a time at 175 degrees had a 40% decrease in all cause mortality. What Compared to their peers. 40% decrease in all cause mortality, heart attacks, stroke, cancer, 40% decrease. 'cause the heat shock proteins the stress on your body. It makes you more resilient. It makes you more, more vibrant. You have more energy and you have less inflammation after it's over. Wow. Your body produces those heat shock proteins. You feel amazing when you get out. You feel loose and relaxed.


You have a sauna here. I have a sauna everywhere. I don't, I don't fuck around dude. I even have a portable sauna that I bring with me. It's like a blanket sauna. That'ss. One of our sponsors. What's that called? I'll hug you. What's that? Blanket sponsor sauna called. Find that sucker. I have to pee.


It's really good. You gotta pee. You wanna pee right now? Let's go pee. We'll pee right now. We'll be right back. We'll be right Back. There's a scene in a book called Blood Meridian with a guy chops. The dude's head off with that fucking knife. Lemme see that bon knife. Whoa. Was this knife who gave me this? I don't know. Someone cool. Sure. Don't fucking ruin it for everybody. I mean, that's a knife. I don't know what you'd do with this If you were, if you had to Nothing good. Clear Brush. Yeah. I don't think that's a brush clearing knife son. What Is this? It's a hacking knife. Yeah. Who Gave Me that? It's when it's when you're, you're coming in and you wanna just clear it. Clear house. No, you're an asshole. You have a giant knife on your table.


That's what it's for. What's the knife for? Just in case bro. Oh, okay. The president came. They had to take those axes off the wall. Really? Yeah. When Trump came. You Michael. Crazy. I might go crazy and grab one of those and pale 'em in the forehead. Those Axes look like they actually would work too. Oh, Those are real. Yeah, those are the Jack Carr tomahawks. They, They look like you can throw 'em. Well I don't think you throw 'em. I think you fucking, Yeah. Wow. You know. Ow. You heard me? Lemme Put that away. You're making me uncomfortable. Sorry buddy. Yeah, I Was gonna grab it by the Blade. Like something aggressive about a knife. That's very aggressive. This is a very aggressive Knife. Yeah. That's a, a ridiculous knife. That's like literal. That's a overkill. Do we know who gave it to me?


I'm looking, That's like somebody, if somebody wears that on their belt, I'm like, your dick is tiny. That's incredible. Or you're a fucking complete psycho. Or you're a psycho. Or you're living in downtown Los Angeles right now. That's right. That's right. That's what's gonna be really crazy as well. I, I wanna see what happens because I think first of all, rents are gonna go through the roof. This is gonna be crazy. There is a major where we gonna live? It's a major housing shortage. This is a major problem. Where Are they gonna live? Where are all those people? In the palisade It's gonna go, there's thousands and thousands of, they have to find a place. Thousands of houses. I think people who own, I'll tell you what's gonna happen. I think, I think people that own houses that are not in fire zones, even if they're small, are gonna sell their houses for millions of dollars. 'cause you got those very wealthy people going, I need a place name, a price, and your house might be worth $2 million.


You're gonna sell it for four. Wow. And that's what's gonna happen. I really do. That's gonna be even more fucked. It's gonna be completely fucked. And remember, you know, Los Angeles has been the worst, at the worst at building affordable housing or just housing in general. All the permitting. You gotta go through All the red tape. Yeah. They can't do it. There. There's there's so many issues. There's so many issues. But especially housing, especially, we have, what is it? I think poverty rate in Los Angeles is like second to none. The schools are terrible. The homeless situation is, I think the second. But Hey, it's sunny. Yeah, it's sunny. And people are really pretty. Yeah. Yeah. And there's a lot of TikTok stars There. There's a lot of TikTok stars.


And that's, that's good for our culture. That's good for our culture. What was the name of that sauna Blanket again? Bond charge. Spell it. BON. Bond Charge. Right? It's a blanket. Yeah, it's a blanket. Yeah. You can carry it with you when you go on vacation and sauna the shit outta yourself anywhere you go. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not doing that. But I appreciate It. It's, I live by sauna man. If, if I had to choose between one thing that I eliminated day. Yeah. If I had to take coal plunge or sauna. Mm. I would take sauna all day. I think coal plunge is very important and it's really good for just my mental state. I just like that I force myself to get in there. Yeah. I like it. I win every day. I win.


Well, I said to you when you sign that deal. I go, you, I, I say this to people about you. You've not changed even a little bit. Well, if anything you've calmed down. You have peace of mind, but you've not changed as like, in terms of like, you know, you, you become a very powerful, influential person. But I've never, I haven't seen you change. I haven't seen you, like it hasn't gone to your head. And I said, why? And you go, I think it's 'cause I do something really difficult every day, and it just reminds me of what a bitch I am. Which, yeah. I break myself down every day. I think that's important. I think it's everything because I think mental health is attached to that. I think too many people have too much anxiety and too much like, woo. Success can do. That is feel. Yeah. Well, the pressure.


And also I don't read comments, which is huge. Yeah. You know, because comments, a lot of people out there reading comments and they, I never read one Comment, fuck Off. I was talking to Zuck about that yesterday. I'm like, you gotta stop reading comments. You read comments? Yeah. Oh, tell him to stop right now. Yeah. It's so Bad for you comments. It's So bad for you. I mean, I've never read one fight, especially good ones. I don't want to hear. Yeah. Because it's gonna have power over me. I don't wanna hear good one. Good and Bad ones either. I appreciate them. I appreciate people, even the bad comments. I, I get it. Look, you know, if I was 15, I would be the worst fucking poster on Twitter. You'd be a t of all time. I'd be a total troll. I'd be on four chan. I'd be on all those things. I'd be talking mad shit all day long. Yeah. You know, that kid Matam Matan? No, he's his, that kid, the Israeli kid who's like 17 years old and a complete troll.


I did his podcast. It was so fun. But he's just like that. Those kids at that age, they are about just, there's no reverence to anything. No. They want to tear it All down. They wanna tear it all down. Also, it's all about making them a living, getting eyeballs on you. Yeah. Right. That's what their, their business is eyeballs. Yeah. So if they can slap someone at a supermarket or, you know, fucking scare someone in line at the grocery store or whatever the fuck they do to get attention. Yeah. That's their currency, their currency's attention. Yeah. And if you beat their ass, it's actually good for them. That's right. There's no, there's no way to, which Is really crazy. Yeah. It's, it's just a different, Yeah. I mean, different time. We, it's the end of Rome. It's, It's the end of Rome. It's The collapse of, of, of, of a really sick civilization.


And you know, the thing that you're seeing like with this whole like, woke fire department, which is we're talking about that lady saying, if your husband's in that burning building like that, they want someone who looks like me, who like, like, looks like them. Like that's not what they want. No, this is, but this, this is all like, this ideological like bizarre cult that these people have fallen into that leads to the collapse of great civilizations. Because the people that worked hard to make this like very easy life, those people don't get respected. And then the people that you think are the marginalized people that should be elevated through equity, these people that haven't done anything, now you're giving them All the power.


Yeah. And you're also letting them be the bullies of the bullies now. Right. So they got picked on their whole life. Now they're, we're we're kicking ass now. That's right. We get things done. I'll make this. Yeah. There's Pride Magazine in the whatever website. I'll send you this because it's real. See, like, see if you can find that, Jamie, so I don't have to look for it. But the, the, the headline said the LBGT fire chief is showing that she can get things done. Really? Yeah. This is in the middle of the biggest disaster in the history of Los Angeles. Tone deaf. But saying that she can get it done, shows she can get it done.


Like what does get it done. Yeah. What does that mean? Yeah. Run outta water collapse society. What does it mean? I don't know if that the blame lays in the fire department, by the way, here. I think you watch, I'm gonna make a prediction. I'm basically, it's already happening. I promise you that the progressive government in Los Angeles and in Sacramento is going to blame not infrastructure, not government incompetence. Not mismanagement, but climate change. Ah, I promise. Watch. Well, Good luck with that. Good luck with, here it is Amid Palisades fire Los Angeles first L Btq plus fire chief is proving lesbians. Get it done. Yeah. Excuse me. Lesbians. Get it done. Yeah. Not she gets it done.


I I It's even dumber than I thought. It's unbelievable. She's proving lesbian. Get it done. So her Sexual proclivity is really what makes it, So what does that mean? Like Elon Musk is proving heterosexuals build rockets. Is that what that means? It's just Identity politics doesn't, It's not, it's a lie. It's nonsense. Yeah. It's nonsense. People writing nonsense things. It's so fucking dumb. But it's placing, it's placing a group above an individual. Right? Yeah. So treat that person like an individual. I don't give a shit that she's into women. I don't care at all. Who cares? Job If she's confident. Your job. If she's competent, I, I'll, I'll, I'll fucking vote for her all day. I don't know if she is. I I don't know enough about her record. You can't call it climate change because LA's been like that forever. The reason why they filmed in LA in the fucking first place was 'cause LA doesn't have rain. That's right.


That's why they started putting Hollywood down There until what happened? It got too expensive to do business got too expensive to shoot in LA Yeah. Taxes and everything else. It got too expensive. It is too expensive to open restaurants or anything else in la. So you've got this great, this great sandwich chain I I'm obsessed with called sns. Right. I just like, they're, I think they have one in Austin, LA Yeah. You brought 'em here. I love 'em. What do you mean? You think you have They brought them here? Yeah. Yeah. I brought 'em here. Yeah. I love, they're great. I love their sandwiches, dude. And, And you know, that company is so good that I, I literally was, I want to get involved in the franchise business. 'cause I think it's, it's a, it's, they're crushing. And I and they will not open in in Los Angeles.


It's too expensive. They're too many. Th a friend of mine who you both, you and I both know has businesses in Texas and businesses in Los Angeles. And a lot of them. Okay, I'll tell you who it is later. Ooh. I love a suspense. So in his California businesses, he's been sued over 1000 times. I think it's 1002 times 1002 times in the 18 years he's been in business in Texas. He's been sued once, once. And in that case, they were right to sue them because they did something wrong. And it's pretty interesting 'cause there's literally a difference in culture. There's a difference in the notion of I'm responsible for my actions.


Somebody else is responsible for the state I'm in. And that is a, that is a mind virus that has taken over Los Angeles, taken over California. In my opinion. A lot of this is just mindset. Yeah. And I think it's very ironic with all due respect. 'cause I have a lot of friends who lost houses in the Palisades area and everything else. But, and I, and I, if you had walked through the Palisades, you would've seen a lot, most of them voted for Karen Bass. I'm not saying Karen Bass deserves all this blame, but I'm saying there was a lot of Kamala stuff there. Very, very little Trump stuff. Of course. And it's ironic to me because I do think to an extent, without having done enough research, but I've, I've done some that you have to lace at least some of the blame for this total inability to respond to government mismanagement.


And the fact that this government, this progressive government in California, in Sacramento, in Los Angeles, put things like climate change and social justice ahead of fucking basic infrastructure. Basic infrastructure. You knew that they were predicting and they knew how how dry this season was. Fucking eight months without rain. Okay guys, so we need to figure out, there is a way to solve every problem. You gotta fi do. If you do, you need an army of firefighters out They cut, they cut 17%. I know they cut 17%. $17.6 million from the fire budget in Los Angeles. Wasn't It 17% or was it $17.6 million?


There You go. That's what I read. See if that's true. I Thought it was percent, but maybe so I think it's 17.6. Maybe that's what it turned out. 17 million. But 17 million. It it, yeah. It's a thing that's, I dunno what that means. I dunno what that means. Percent. It might be they have a hundred million dollars budget and they cut it down to seven. Either Way. Eight. Obviously's That Jamie, it's like $800 million or something. Crazy. Yeah. That's the whole budget. Yeah. It's a lot. So they only cut 17 million outta 800. But still, why would you cut anything out of one of the most important things? Obviously now, you know, now you know, that was a huge mistake. Well now, you know, you should have increased the budget. Yeah. Well to your, to your point, this was a perfect storm to an extent. And there's, there's a limit to what any fire department can do. There's a limit. Right. We live in Los Angeles.


Fires are a reality. Earthquakes are a reality. Mud slides are a reality. We know this. It's a, it's California's a tough place to live that it's great. But there are a lot of liabilities. I just think if You know that that's the case, something went wrong. And our infrastructure, I the fact that our fire hydrants and it happened in Colorado three years ago. But the fact that the fire hydrants lost pressure. You, you can predict these things. Right. Well again, I bring it back to Trump. 'cause Trump was saying that this all could be solved and he was right. What he was saying is true and that they are doing it to protect a fucking smelt that exists. The delta Smelt that exists other places. I love the Delta Smelt. I don't what does that Thing, lemme see what a delta smelt Looks like. I don't give a fuck about those things.


Neither do I. Yeah. 17 million last year she directed more for 2023. 2024 fiscal year Los Angeles allocated 837 million to the Los Angeles Fire Department accounting for roughly 65% of the $1.3 billion budget designated for homelessness initiatives. Which didn't work. What, which did Nothing. 65% for homelessness initiatives, which Didn't work. Roughly Half the budget for homelessness went unspent these motherfuckers. And lemme say something else about that. These Motherfuckers, the homeless thing too. You talk to, you talk to Progressive about the homeless thing. You know what they'll say? It's a housing shortage. Oh yeah. No it's not. It's a drug and mental health problem. Housing, housing. Housing. Yeah. Sorry, sorry. Housing, housing.


Housing. And we can't fix that. It's a mental health and Drug problem. So fuck off. We spent $24 billion last year. 24 billion homeless in California on Lessness Industrial Complex. Yeah, that's what it is. It's a bunch of people making money off, Of course. Non-profits. Of course, Of course. Yeah. And so there's, there's a vested interest in keeping homeless a problem. Yeah. The real problem is that there's homeless at all. Like how is that possible in the greatest society, the world's ever known? But because we've put very little effort into stopping it, very little effort into education and fixing people's mental health problems and mental health institutions for people that are sick and twisted and real solutions like ibogaine real things that they can do to sort of reset people's minds and help them get out it real programs to help people integrate back into society.


I know a guy who's a, in a meaningful way. I know A tier one guy who was dealing with real demons and he did one session of iboga and it changed everything. Yeah. Well there's a lot of people like that. I had the former governor of Texas, Rick Perry on, and he was explaining it. And that's surprising that Rick Perry, who's, you know, a Texas conservative. Yep. Yep. And he was like, it was very reluctant. And then he knew someone who came back from the war and was suffering And, you know, he got involved and it now he's Advocate before repairs the neural pathways Or something like that. Yes. Yeah. It helps people with Parkinson's disease. Wow. Really? Yeah. Crazy. Completely rewires the brain of addicted people. Damn. Stops the pathways gives you an insight as to why you're addicted in the first place.


Like what little weird fucking patterns you have in your head. Where what, what are you escaping when you're trying to like, load up on heroin? It's crazy. But it's illegal. This is the, the nuttiest part of it. And this is the beautiful thing about what Rick Perry's trying to do and explaining it very eloquently that it was all established in the 1970s to combat Richard Nixon's political opponents. So the anti-war movement, the civil rights movement, they made all those drugs illegal. The sweeping act of 1970, the Psychedelic Drug Act where they were just trying to demonize these things that these people were using that was like, you know, the flower child movement, the hippies, the anti-war people. They're like, we need to figure out a way to lock these motherfuckers up.


Civil, civil Right. People. Well civil, they did civil really insane study on, or there was a guy, journalist, I can't remember who was talking about, they, they drew this comparison when the sixties music movement happened with Hendricks and all those guys when they were taking psychedelics. Incredible things were going on musically. Oh yeah. Once they turned to cocaine and heroin. You got the eighties, the music fucking died. Hairband died. Yeah. Well, I was bringing it back to cars, you know, because I'm a car freak. The cars of the 1960s were the greatest fucking cars America has ever created in terms of the way they looked. Yeah. The iconic view, the the, the image of those things. And it all died around 70, 71.


Everything after 70 one's a piece of shit. Why? Except a few Corvettes look cool, but because they, they needed to become, first of all, then there's the gas crisis. So cars started becoming less powerful and more economical. And then they started making 'em outta plastic and they just looked like shit. And then they weren't doing the drugs anymore. So they, the design sucked. If you go back to the design, like one of the classics that I was put out, like let's look at a 1969 Boss Mustang. So this is, Bring that Up. Acid marijuana. Really? Whatever These people that were designing these cars were like freaks. They were weirdos. Yeah. You know, 'cause they were artists and they designed these things that just to this day, you look at 'em and you go, fuck, fuck.


Look at that. Yeah. That's a bad Look At that. That's the, that's the reason why John Wick killed everybody. That's it. Is they stole his car. Wow. They killed his puppy and they stole that car that motherfuckers and John Wick killed everybody. That is a fucking work of art man. Whiplash fucking engine closed. God damn. That's a work of art. That Not Safe. That's one of the most beautiful things. Human beings that fuck the Sistine Chapel. That's one of the most beautiful things human beings have ever created. Look at that. Goddamn damn. Is that a catalytic convertible carburetor? What That shut your mouth about that. This is Texas. Pull all that stuff off and fucking roll, roll coal Right on the Highway gets it gets like a block. A gallon. Yeah. My wow.


My raptor, my Hennessy Raptor. That has a thousand horsepower. I get nine miles to the gallon. Stupid. My dick. It's so stupid. Look at that thing. That is a different one. That's a, that's a a Yeah, that's a classic. ReSTOR Restoration does nothing For me. Classic, Incredible, classic recreations does a resto mod version of it. But that's the, like the right from the factory version. Wow. Both of them are gorgeous. Does it come in Electric? They do make 'em an electric. Do they honestly, come on. Yeah. There's a company that takes old cars and turns electric. That's, I guess, Well a lot of people have a problem with it. They ever, Roddy does it. I like the pull Up. The old As and Martins, those. Of course. Fuck. Oh yeah. Gorgeous man. Those are incredible pull up Ever, ever is a company that takes old Porsches and they do old mustangs and they convert 'em and make 'em fully electric.


Wow. Yeah. Wow. But they look really cool. But you're missing the whole point. Of course. The whole point is it's, you wanna Feel the road. It's a work of art. It's a mechanical experience. And I drove a 1985 Porsche Targa. Ooh dude. Oh my goodness. It's a beau a stick shift. Oh yeah. What a beautiful car. It doesn't, you feel everything, everything. But God damn. It's beautiful. I mean, you're just zipping it. D you know. Well it's So light too. Ah, it's so engaging. That's a great car. Oh my God. Those are the best. I mean, that's The only time I've driven a car. And I went, I get it. Like I've never been in cars. I drive a, I drive, I drive a Tesla three with white interior, white exterior. I wanted a gay as, I wanted to be as gay as I Could. It's still an incredible car, great car website.


So they do a bunch of different stuff. So let's go the 19 nine Porsche 9 11 9 6 4 signature. So look at that. So they take this 9 6 4 Porsche, which is one of the most beautiful years. Yeah. And they turned it into this insane electric beast. Damn. Yeah. Incredible car man. I mean, Sub-Zero, zero to 60 sub four seconds goes up 200 miles drove. I got beautiful looks too. Oh my, I drove, drove the new electric Porsche, which is, but look at the range. What's up to 200 miles? Shut the fuck up. Damn. That range. That range is nonsense. That's nonsense. 200 miles is, that's not real. You're driving really slow. Yeah. That's a hundred miles. But I bet that thing is super sick to drive and God damn it looks beautiful.


But wouldn't it be better if it went when you started it up? I think it should be that should you want to hear that? You wanna hear gas? Yeah. You want to feel the engagement of the clutch. You wanna pull the, the gear lever down in a second. Yeah. You wanna let off the clutch and hit the gas? Yeah. I like the way that looks. Feel it. I, I like what they're doing. I think it's cool. Whatever. I'd rather I'd take that car and I'd gut it. I gut it and put a fucking real engine in. Put it looks beautiful. But what can I pick one of those up for like a regular car? A PA regular one, A 9, 6 4 Like that. You, there's a bunch of different companies. There's a company called, not not, not Electric, I'm talking about No, no, no. A regular one. There's a company that specializes in air cooled Porsches.


Go to Sloan. What's air cooled? Sloan. Sloan p That's those the old ones. The ones that you drove. The one that 1980s one. That's a, that's an air cooled one. Love that car. The old ones are the ones that, yeah, that's it. So this place specializes in damn Porsches, but particularly air cooled Porsches. They've got a lot of air. Cool. Go click on like available cars. So inventory. I go to inventory. Yeah. That's nice too. So a lot of these are the expensive, more modern ones. Like the 1963, like click on that 180 4, 9 11 Carrera. Look at that. 26,000 original miles. That, that's a gorgeous story. Oh dude. That's a joy to drive. Yeah. It's beautiful. That car's a joy to drive 5%.


How much is that? Oh, it's gotta be very expensive. That that's a beautiful car that with such low miles that thing's probably meticulously maintained. It looks incredible. So you're not picking that thing up from last? No, no, no. That's an expensive car. A hundred grand. And by the way, not very fast. It's not fast. Yeah. But it's, that's not, you're missing the point. But it's the handling, it's the, it's the feel's the experience of driving. It's so analog. It probably doesn't even have power steering. Fuck. It's brand new. Oh, it's basically brand new, whoever. So you can get that. Amazing. That's right. They, they probably sell that for couple hundred thousand dollars. A couple hundred. Yeah. Jesus. At least. Okay. I would imagine. I mean, it says contact us for pricing, but if you wanna get one like that Yeah.


A stellar model with 20, look, if you get a, a nine 11 from 1970, like a nine 11 Rs a good example is a million dollars. What? Yes. Oh, Jesus. Okay. Go Google. 9 11, 19 71, 9 11 Rs immaculate for sale. I guarantee you they're over a million dollars. Yeah. 'cause there's just very few. And your, your model three will blow that thing away in every way, shape or form. Of course handling speed. Yeah. Especially if you have the model three performance. That's why I like my car so much. I like the Tesla. It's, I love it. They just go So easy. They, they make every other car seem stupid.


I know, but it's a different experience than driving that thing. That thing is an amusement park ride. Yeah. Like that thing is a, That's like grinding your own coffee. It's something about it. Like there's, there's a manual. The Sensations, there's A Tactile, there's a tactile sensation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lighting your own fire on the grill. Yeah. And cooking over hardwood coals. I think there's a huge value to that. Like cooking. Oh yeah. Like the, the, the, the fact that it takes you take time Yeah. To get good at something like cooking the perfect beef stew or whatever The fuck it's Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Especially if you're cooking over fire, it brings you this caveman dude, DN Aion Of your brain. Oh yeah. Yeah. Convenience. Also, it makes the food taste better. Convenience and abundance comes with a price like everything else.


Sometimes that's a lack of connection. Sometimes just the, the actual process of doing shit, like the actual process of preparation and all that is a form of flow that you get into. Yeah. There's a great book called Beyond Boredom and Anxiety by Shik and Miha, I dunno what the fuck his name is. He's like this Hungarian science. He compares the flow state, the rock climbers, surgeons, painters, and conductors get into, Hmm. And and it's all very similar because it takes incredible concentration when you're rock climbing. You wanna Fall. I bet the rock climbers look at the painters like, bitch, you are not in the same flow state. It's true. Me motherfucker. It's very, that's no they're not. Because it's life and death.


Right. On A cool site that shows the average sales, like it's a stock almost. So five have been sold for an average of $708,000. Oh my God. Isn't that crazy? My Lord. That's crazy. Sold. That's Insane. 2.5 million. Insane. 2.5 million for that one. Click on that. Can you click on that? So I just, I gotta Sell a couple more, more tickets Stand. You know what I mean? You see what it looks like? Oh, there it is. Let's see if we could find it. God, dude, by the way, it's a lot of that is like a, a, a dick measuring contest like that. I have a pristine model. Yeah. They don't drive it. But Jerry, This is like a Jerry Seinfeld type vehicle. Like he would, he would own one of those. Yeah. I have a 1993 RS America.


It's a 9 6 4. I know you've seen it. That little red Porsche that I have. Yeah. No manual or no power steering, no air conditioning, no nothing. It doesn't have a radio. It doesn't have jack shit raw. It's so raw. Raw. It's so raw. It's, it's, it's raw and rowdy. It sounds loud. You feel everything every time I drive and I'm like, why Don't I drive this car? Do you remember when I used to have that, that bro Bronco? Yeah. 1971 with a three 50 Windsor or whatever the fuck it was. Oh, I don't know any carburetor. I I remember You came to my house and that I was, dude, I would Get dizzy on the highway from The gas, Fucking the gas. How? And it had no top Dude. I thought I was gonna pass out. I was like, I went to the mechanic. I think I'm gonna pass out. I was all panicked, you know. He goes, it's just the way it is.


I go, what do you mean? It's the way it Is. You're dying slowly, dude. But you're living more fucking sold That thing for 500 bucks or something. I don't know. I was like, get away from me. I was so happy when you bought it. Loved. I like when you get irrational. Loved it. I I want you to be more irrational. I think it's good for you. Oh, was that way With dogs too? Yeah. Oh, is it a fighting dog? Really? Let's get it fresh out of the box. Yeah, let's Do it. Let's get it. I think that a little bit of irrationality for comedians. It is very good for you. A hundred percent think it's good. I think pretty irrational. You Gotta have a little bit of fun in you. Yeah. There's A fun auction coming up in a month. Oh yeah. All these are for sale and coming from Paris. Oh, that Alpha Romeo. That little thing right there. That little Alpha Romeo. I guarantee you that's fun as fuck to drive. Really? It looks shitty. Me Looks shitty. But I'm telling you, you feel every fucking bump on the road through your ass.


Yeah. No thanks. I never got into those 3, 5, 6 Porsches. Yeah. I think those look like a fucking VW bug. They do look like a VW bug. They, yep. But that right to the right of it. The 92 Rs. That's cool. That's what I have. Yeah. I have one of those with a ducktail. I ever read one with a ducktail. I love it. Yeah, I love it. Well, You know what it is. They're per, they, they have a personality. There's something about getting into my, I had a girlfriend who had a, a vintage Mercedes. And I swear to God, I got attached that car. It felt like an experience I would get in there. Oh yeah. And I, I I, it had a personality almost. It was Like a a Hundred percent, you know what I mean? A hundred percent. Because, because somebody had made that, somebody had taken the time. A lot of that shit's made by hand, I think.


Well, they're definitely put together by hand. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, especially back then are Craftsmen, but considered by craftsmen. A hundred percent. Like when something's really considered by craftsmen and, and you can't, you cannot replace the feel of like, something that's been crafted out. Click on that red one. 1970. Look at that sun. Oh my goodness. That's a beautiful piece of machinery. It's an Artistic, it's an expression of gorgeous screen. Man. That Is such a gorgeous car. Yeah. That is fucking beautiful. That's European brother. And It's so light. Those cars are so light. Dude, that's like a 2000 pound car. Really? Yeah. They're, they're so little. Really? Yeah. When you're near them, they're so little. You know how much my three weighs almost 6,000 pounds.


Oh, They're very happy. Isn't that crazy? They fuck up those borders. The fucking tank. What, what are they called? The, the rails guard guardrails. They go right through those things. 'cause they're too heavy. Dude, my car Comes, are meant for regular sized cars. I didn't Know that guy. How gorgeous that is. Look at that damn thing, man. Bucket seats. God, it's so beautiful. Jesus. Fire extinguisher. That guy. That guy maintained that motherfucker. Yeah. That guy knows how to drive. I bet. Look at that steering wheel Restoration in 2003. I picture myself 2003 restoration in A tweed coat. Oh, it's so gorgeous. Wow. I bet that's 150,000. How much is that? Jesus Say, yeah, it's gonna be auction. So, And I've given him away. Estimated For Yeah. 180 euros. 180 euros. So more so 180 euros is like 200 and something thousand.


Which makes sense. It's fucking beautiful man. And they don't make 'em anymore. You know, if you want one of those and when you drive it, I guarantee you'll have a fucking smile. You'll have a fucking smile on your face. Hundred. But only has 180 horsepower. Jesus. Yeah. Not fast. They're not, they're not fast. No. Even mine has 300, mine only has 300 horse. Really? And I had it juiced up a little bit to get to 300. I was gonna say. Yeah. It's not fast. It must give you worms That fucking shit. It's not, not fast. Nah. No. But it doesn't matter. It's just fun. It's engaging. Well, Are used to like big trucks too, though. You like the Denalis and stuff? Oh yeah. Well I have the raptor. Yeah. That was a Hennessy Raptor. I still have, You know why? I like to see what's going on over there. I don't wanna be at the same height as the cars. When someone's slams vulner, someone slams on the brake.


You can't see what's going on. Well, up here You can see someone doing something stupid like five cars ahead. You're like, oh, Jesus. And you, it's safer, way safer to be in a lifted truck. It's safer. You see things more. A hundred percent. That is is very important. Yeah. It's very important. Like you, the, the elevated viewpoint for a safety perspective is important, right? Yeah. And you get used to that. You like it a lot. And that's the kind of car you take out on a countryside. Like, you know. Oh yeah, man. And you wear a scarf, You wear gloves, driving Gloves, gloves, scarf. And you wear the glasses. I wanna be European so badly sometimes. Yeah. And you and your lady's doing this. Do you guys so fast? Yeah. And you're Like, you don't go with a girl.


Go by yourself. Oh, by Yourself. Yeah. You don't go with a girl. Fuck. Really? You don't want to hear that. Doesn't she? Shut the fuck, fuck off about talk shut the That's different. That's different. That's hot. Well, that's, that's preposterous. That's a 4 million car. What? That's a paani. I mean, I don't even know how to say that. How do you say that? It looks like A fucking, it looks like an Iraq. That's a monstrous vehicle. Yeah. But it's also ridiculous. I mean, does it come with a fat man? 50 Horsepower. Here's the thing. That's all great. That's all fast. But that can't fuck with a new Corvette. Yeah, it's a track car for sure. It's a track car. But it's not even as good as a track car. As a new Corvette. Really. The new Corvette ZR one is one of the greatest cars the world has ever built is over a thousand horsepower.


A thousand over a thousand horsepower for the new Corvette ZR one. It does zero to 60 in under three seconds. It's gonna break All the records. It's probably gonna break Berg Ring records. It hasn't even been released yet. It's a fucking amazing car. It's the greatest American car Ever. By in what? Because it's just reliability. Everything or what? Everything. They're reliable. They're fucking incredible looking. They look like an exotic car. This is the new ER one. Does it have volume? Can we hear what it sounds like? Hi, I'm Brad Franz from Chevrolet Marketing. Brad, you fucking knocked it out of the park. Brad. This is an amazing vehicle. This, this vehicle faster handles better than that stupid fucking $5 billion car.


That thing's the shit That's America. Fuck Yeah. In a car. Yeah. I mean, it's so stupid. Yeah. How could you go to a, a dealership, look at that. Carbon fiber wheels. How can you go to a dealership and buy a 1,100 horsepower car? That's insane. Look at it with a giant wind on the back of it. It shouldn't be, but it is. And that's why it's America, motherfucker. And is that that thing, is that Drag to rotate Get That day? Is that fin that was on there necessary or, Yes it is. Yes. 'cause you wanna look an asshole. That looks great. Yeah. You can get it without the Fence because you wanna look like an asshole. Yeah, that looks good. The, it's downforce. It gives you more downforce. Right. So it'll gotta have down force actually slow your top end speed. So the high end speed will be like 205 miles an hour instead of two 15 or whatever the fuck is.


I like that. That's a good look right there. It's a gorgeous, don't like that Stupid fin. That is a fucking beautiful machine. Does The fin come up or something or? Well, no, it's just down for, it's adjustable, but it's down force for the track. Yeah. I like that. That is an amazing car for the track. That's a good looking car. And they make 'em in a convertible chick of the convertible. Well, they're not, they probably they won't break your bank probably, right? Or are they very Expensive? It's about 200 grand. Oh. Before, you know, markup and all that other jazz. I think it's 1 7 2 0.3 seconds. Zero to 60. What? Jesus fucking what? Go nine second quarter mile Right from the factory motherfucker. A nine. That's what you Need. That's what you need. Count. You do. It's very important. You special kicks it. And you, you start selling out giant theaters. Dude, let's go baby.


Let's get a little w That's I myself Run away From looters once I start selling theater tickets. Yeah. Once you get the fuck outta Los Angeles. I Know. I gotta do that. You've been telling me that a long time. Listen, this might be the one I talked to my wife. I hope it is. If, but I have my other kids. So I got my, I have two families, you know, talk Them into it Too. I know. They come out here, they'll, they'll realize like, oh my God, what have we doing? What the fuck were we doing? What were we doing? Why? Why? One of my friends Came here road like me traveling from Texas is way easier than traveling from fucking Los Angeles. Oh, Ron White told me that in 2018 when I started thinking about Austin. Jesus, he moved here before any of us. Ron White was the original. Yeah, he was the original. The, the, the Texas setup.


'cause he was, he's from Texas. He goes, I fucking love Austin Food's. Great. People are nice. He's in the middle of the country. He could travel anywhere. I was like, wow, could I live in Texas? I started thinking about it, like, could I live in Texas? And then when Covid hit Ron being here was one of the things that moved me here. Really? Yeah. I was like, I love Ron. At least I can hang out with Ron. He's, he Talk About wanna dick one of the greatest comics period. I, I watched that motherfucker and I'm like, and he's still doing it at his age. Killing it. How Old is he? He's a thousand years old. Yeah. And he's better now than ever. Unbelievable. Better than ever. I love that. And he's at the club every night. He's there All the time. All the time. Killing it. Killing it. Incredible. And just the best fucking human being. Yeah. He's just the best guy.


Yeah. He seems like it. So when he was coming here in 2018, I was like, maybe I could go, I don't know. I can't live in Texas because I had always been trying to escape LA forever. But then it's like my business was there and the comedians were there and the store was there and there was like so many things there. It took something like Covid to make us all like, just take this crazy chance and move to Texas. Yeah. Well these fires, I feel like these fires are kind of almost like Very much like the same thing. My wake call, you know, very much like the same thing. It's the same kind of experience. Hand me that bad boy. You gonna have one too, huh? Yeah. Let, Let's kill around. Call. Come on. We're smoking ci. Guys like, men like this. I like this new, this thing. Having A guy like Ron here though was like, okay, well if Ron, at least I'll have Ron as a friend.


At least it'll be. And then Tony moved here. I was like, oh shit. Tony's here. And then I remember one time I talked to Segura and I was like, dude, it's fucking awesome. I love it. Here he is. Like, fuck it, I'm moving. Really? And he was, he was here quick. How do I open this? Yeah. Oh you just, here you can use this one. 'cause you're just stupid To figure I'm an idiot. And I'm like, huh, idiot. I can't do, I can't figure shit out. How Come you can't Figure things out? Because I'm bad with that stuff. Okay. That's why my wife was like, get outta here. You can't do anything. I'll take care of it. I'm like, raise my kids. Save them. Tell my story. I'll be in Austin. Sorry about the fires. Tell them to watch your special, tell All the kids at school to watch Daddy special. That watch they watch Daddy special. It's gonna be good. False gods.


I'm excited man. I'm You put on YouTube. Yeah. I'm sure that's the move. Yeah, I think so. Right. YouTube's The move because you get the most views for sure. Like look at Shane of you have a great, that's awesome. You get a great set. You put a great set and the the club is the best place to film. The audiences are so hyped. Well that's What I thought. I was like, I'm gonna, I would rather like shoot it here. You know? And 'cause you did that club, right man, you did that club. Right. It's makes such a difference, you know? Yeah. Well a lot of it's 'cause of Ron. If it wasn't for Ron. And then one time when we did shows, we're doing shows at the Vulcan and Ron hadn't gone on stage like eight months and he got off stage and he grabbed me by the shoulders.


He goes, whatever the fuck we gotta do, we're gonna keep doing this. He goes, you gotta open up that club. Wow. I was like, okay, I gotta open up the club. Wow. Because I was like, I gotta open up a club. You know? It was one of those things like, I'm so fucking busy. How am I gonna do this? It's a lot. Right? How am I gonna handle this? How am I gonna handle the stress of the business and a hundred employees and ugh. Oh I, it turns out you don't have to just get really good people to run it for you. That's it. That's it. I get a kick outta you. 'cause I don't know, you still have like for this podcast, what, three people that work for you? I mean four. But you know more than that. Well, Yeah. We have Brandon, our video editor. We have Matt who books everything Young, Jamie and Wa.


Yeah. That's it. My buddy is, they're gonna start podcasting. Well we gotta get a production team. We gotta get this. And I'm like, Hey Bro. Well you're gonna need a production team if you don't have Jamie. The thing is, Jamie's a wizard. He's a monster. Monster. And he's also a little bit on the spectrum. And Jamie can what side? The good side. You're on the good side, you're on the fun side. You're like totally socially aware. Yeah. You're one of those, you're fun to hang with. One Of those stoics, he's like a Stoic of just thing. But Jamie's just on the ball. And like his ability to pull things up while we're talking about him, while he's managing the, the podcasts. Like no one could do that. You need like a team of people to do what he does. But then you're gotta deal with a team of people that are just like, one of the coolest things about Jamie is how like, first of all, we're friends and he's the easiest to hang out with.


Like Jamie's so easy to hang out with. Yeah. So it doesn't matter who's in this room, there's no weirdness or like, oh, this guy is complaining about that guy out there. Well and he's not trying to be, he's not trying to be anything. He's not. So what happens in that position is that that's kind of a big job. Right. And it'd be very easy to go. I'm part of this podcast. I'm a huge part of, you know, he doesn't get his ego. Well That's happened to a few friends of mine. Yeah. Where they had to get rid of their producer. 'cause the producer was like, you know, we did this. And we, and he is like, Hey, hey, hey. He pointed cameras at a comedian that was already famous. Yeah. Like cut the shit. Like this is fucking stupid. Well, we all Have our role. We all do. Our thing just don't continue. Yeah. But it's like, what happens with a lot of these people is they develop these podcasts and then they have, I go to my friend's podcast and he has 10 people working for him.


And I was like, what are all these people doing? What do they do? What are they doing? Like this is crazy. Like why do you have all these people? And then they have interns. I go, you have people working. You're making millions of dollars and they're working for free. Like, I don't agree with interns. Yeah. Like I would never have an intern. If I had an intern pay That person, I Would pay them. Yeah. 100%. Yeah. I don't even know if you're allowed to pay certain interns. 'cause they're supposed to get, like, I would break the law. I'd break the law. Pay them. Don't You can be a paid intern. It's fine. Can you have a paid intern in a college? Yeah. I think what happens is it builds resentment if you're not 100. You know, You gotta be careful with All that. Well, that's a problem with rich people when they have assistants too. Yeah. Like Al Madrigal had an assistant once. He was like, yeah, I gotta get an assistant. I go, no, you don't.


I go listen to me. Do less shit. Yeah. Just do less shit. I never, if you, you need an assistant, you don't. I Don't need an assistant. No. Do less things. Yeah. You don't want Then like, I remember when David Spade had an assistant, the dude tried to duct tape him. And the guy, he tasered him. He was gonna kill him. Yeah. The guy went to jail. Fuck Henry the Ace said something like that. Also, he said, every time I promote somebody, I create, every time I promote somebody, I create eight enemies in one end. Great. Something like that. I think that was the, the quote. Ooh, it's great. Yeah. But didn't he kill a bunch of his wives? It was terrible. Henry eighth was the fucking idiot. Maybe that's the great story of maybe He's just a piece of shit. Well, you know, You know what he did, right? He, so the Catholic church, he wanted a son and his wife was barren and he, he, he wanted an heir.


And the Catholic church would not codify his divorce. So he was like, okay, I'm gonna start the Anglican Church. Fuck off. I'm gonna start my own church and it's gonna, okay. It's gonna be okay with divorce. So he created the Anglican church and the great story of a man for all seasons, Thomas or Thomas Moore was Thomas Moore would not join the Anglican Church. And they killed him for it. And he said, I am more than my appetites. I am more than, you know, my body. I am my principles and my principles are higher and I'm gonna stick to the Catholic church kind. Like, you know, I wish I was his friend. Kind of cool. No shit. Right? I've been like, yo dude, just join that other church. Well, we all would. Right? Listen, Come get a lot of shit done. Okay. All right.


I was an acting class, as you remember. Remember that? And one of the kind of a famous actor he did the scene, this is so great. He did the Man for All Seasons. And as he, you know, so you do a scene And you know, a lot of working actors in the class. This is Los Angeles. And we all sit back and now the great teacher will now break it apart. And he, the actor began to weep. And they said, why are you crying? And he says, because I, I'm not this man. I would've joined the Anglican Church. And it bothers me that I'm not the kind of principal man that would stick to, At least he knows I was Pretty cool. At least he's not that guy. I wish I was a Navy Seal. I'd kill everybody. Yeah. He was one of my favorite actors too. And I was like, There You go.


At least you know your fucking limitations. Yeah. At least You know, never say what you would do in an emergency because, because You know, know, You know also probably why he's a great actor. Mm. 'cause he was aware. Mm. Of everything. I think so like the differences between him and those other people, you know? Well you better know you're vulnerable. Like you walk around like a tough guy. Right. That the real tough guys are the guys that have done a lot of shit or who've seen a lot of combat or at least been involved in, like Evan Fer for example, has probably done a lot more than he, he never talked about any of it. You'll never hear any him say anything. But, and for that matter, Andy s stump, same way. They don't really tell you anything, but they're very aware that first of all, it's very easy to be killed. Very easy. Yeah. Like, I don't care how strong you are, what you bench A tiny child can kill you with a gun Right away.


So you, you, you get a real sense. Part of what's really good about just doing combat sports or doing any kind of like even a rough sport contact sport is that it it, it comes, you come into contact with objective reality. It's very hard to start living this fake existence. And part of the problem I think with our society is a lot of people controlling the narrative don't really pay a price for being wrong because they live a life and they live a job where they're working, where, where they're working with their mouth, they're working with only their brain. And I think that you get a lot from actually trying to grow your own food or doing whatever it is. You know, you've gotta kind of come and you own a farm and you realize that life eats life and things, everything.


Nature Mother nature is a motherfucker and wants to kill everything. You try to grow it, it gives you a very different perspective on reality And what the world is about. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Well that's a giant problem with urban environments. That's why urban environments all get to these sort of esoteric philosophical ideas about what society would be like. Because they're completely separated from the circle of life. Yeah. They're buying all their food from either a restaurant or a grocery store. They're, they're not farming, they're not doing anything. They're enjoying meat without any death. Right. You ever see Stephen Pinker's book The Blank Slate? Yes. You know, the, the, when the anthropologists can't remember their name, they, they, I think they were at Harvard and they came back from studying the Yami Indians or whatever in the Amazon basin.


They were like, Hey guys, I know you think just white Anglo-Saxons are aggressive and we have a culture that rewards male aggression. Those people have never been in contact with anybody, white or western. And the guys that laid the most are the guys that killed the most people in combat and have their hair on their daggers. So they they have their version of a fucking all star quarterback too. And he gets All the pussy. And, and they were like, what the fuck? And they literally attack their, their reputations and everything. Yeah. They, they drove 'em outta academia. It's crazy. It's like, turns out that was truth. It should be obvious. It should be obvious like that. This is, there's like been a series of events that human beings have gone through that have developed this.


Certain people, like we, we understand it's an understanding that certain people are better at survival. Certain people are better at being the leader. Certain people are better at warriors. Yeah. And life takes a certain amount of aggression and com competitive spirit. Oh yeah. Or you're gonna fucking get eaten. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. You're gonna get fucked is really what happens. For sure. That's right. For sure. So don't, don't you, it's great. I love that we're all, it's all utopian until your kids don't have enough to eat and then I'm gonna kill. That's what happens. Yeah. People are really kumbaya until your kids have to struggle for resources and then they become genocidal. Yeah. Jared Diamond, who wrote Guns, germs, and Steel did the study with the fucking people up in the Guinea highlands.


The minute, the minute they, they started running outta resources, they would, they would start coming up with stories about the other tribe over there that were basically Yeah. They eat their own kids. Yeah. They're fucking really evil. Just to, just to whip up, just to justify what they were about to do outta the tribe. Yeah. Because they got their stuff. Yeah. Human Beings, I mean, there's beautiful things in urban environments in society where you don't have to struggle. Yeah. You don't have to do that. So you can, You can get much more involved in art. You get more cooperative Finance. There's a lot of things that people can achieve when they have that sort of shelter. But there's a balance to be achieved. You know, our, in our society, the influence and the problem is the influence of these people that are detached in urban environments is so significant because there's so many of them.


There's so many more people that are detached, that are connected, that we have this like very weird, like appreciation and understanding of resources and of like, just how hard it is to just survive without modern conveniences. I I had a, I think what changed me a lot was when I was younger, I I I was accidentally around some pretty rough people, some criminals, the people that were bad, violent or, You know, and I think I remember going, I remember it's very scary when you're around people that are, you know, like that. And I never forgot because I was pretty naive as most of us are coming up.


'cause I had been around a good family and stuff like that. And I saw how ugly and dangerous some men can be, especially when nobody's looking. And it, I never forgot the idea that, Especially in the areas that you grew up in. That's right. I mean, Well, I lived in, remember also I was in the war in Lebanon. Right. So I think, how old were you? I was, I left in, I was, I left Lebanon when I was, I went to, I was, I was 11 years old. Yeah. So just imagine experiencing that as a 10-year-old Boy. Yeah. And then I went back, remember I went back when I was, I think 15, 16. And I didn't recognize anything from my childhood.


So I was in Lebanon for five years. And so I had wonderful memories. And then the war broke out and we were stuck. My father couldn't get back in. 'cause he, he, he, he could, he was, and then we got evacuated, but I was living in the, in the Holiday Inn for six months and we had to sleep on the floor. And then finally we had to, we had to go down into the fucking underground parking lot because they were bombing. And you would wake up and you would hear machine guns and stuff. So you felt very out of sorts and very, very, it was very scary. You know, you're a kid, you know. And I remember seeing on a balcony, I remember seeing planes bomb a gas station. I never forgot it. I never forgot seeing the planes come in and the, the missiles dropped and just, you know, and, and the sound dude.


The sound. And I don't know if anybody, anybody who's been in war knows this, but I was on the beach. I was on Coral Beach and it probably was, it was in the eighties. I was a young, young, I was 14, 15, 16, whatever. I was, they shot a rocket over our head. Okay. And I think it was a test fire. Dude, when I tell you that the sound was so loud that we all fell on the ground, I fell down on the sand. The sound was so disoriented that, that you, you, everybody went down on their hands and knees. That's how lotto was over your head. And I think that that, that, when you are in that kind of proximity to violence like that, and then later on when I was older, I was around some, some people who were pretty rough, you know, and I, for me, I always, I, I knew that if the grid broke down, that those people were gonna take over and there was gonna be no fucking mercy.


And I've never forgot that. And so you could see with Covid the minute that, You know, law enforcement had to restrict their resources. You saw what happened looting. You saw crime, you saw homelessness. And the fabric of a society can break down so fucking quickly. People don't realize it until you've been in countries where it's happened. And until you've been around men who negotiate the world in a violent way and maybe in, in, in ways that are a little bit outside the law, you don't know what you're doing, man. You, you, you got no idea. So all those people, and I love when the left starts talking about, You know, violent revolution and you're in college kid, you have no fucking idea.


You don't, first of of all, you don't know what you're asking for. Don't wake up that, and don't wake up to conservative, don't do that. Let's not even talk about it. Right. Because I know a lot of guys that shoot real straight, you know, and often and Yeah. And often. And they're very comfortable. They're really good at it. And they're comfortable in those violent spaces. And They're kind of ready, they're, They're, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Let's not, let's not, yeah. Let's not let those dogs slip. Have You seen John McPhee? Yeah. I have the mayor of Baghdad. That'd be a good example of A guy podcast. Like that is a guy. Yeah. Just, You know, his body just comes from enforcement. Yeah. His traps. He just looks like a giant block. Yeah. He's a, he's a born enforcer. Yeah. He's not gonna win a Nobel Prize for peace. No. You ever hear how Tim Kennedy talked about him?


Like Yeah. You put him in a glass case and break in case of war. Yeah. Yeah. Let's keep those guys on a, let's keep them. Yeah. Over Here on a thank God, that guy found Juujitsu Too. And that's why him an outlet. Yes. And and please understand, the base of our republic also is that we have civilian control of a military. And that was a huge in the election between I think Madison and Jefferson. The idea was, was it Madison or was it Adams? I can't remember. But in the, the, the, the election was, should we have a standing army? Because traditionally in a republic, if you had a standing army, a a very charismatic general, like Napoleon would take over the army and take over the country.


So that was a huge thing. James Madison was a genius at figuring out how to, how to limit that. And he said, checks and balances. But you have to have civilian government in control of the military because military people arrive at military solutions. Yeah. Fucking really important man. Really important. You don't wanna fuck, don't let guys like John McPhee. You need him in war. Right. But God bless. But let's just, you know, well, You've had Eric Prince on your podcast, right? Very smart guy. Have you had him on? No, I Haven't, man. I really enjoyed having him on. He Was another guy who was talking about like, what to do with Africa. And I was like, Jesus. Well, yeah, yeah. He used the word Viceroy and he did it on purpose. It's like he, he, but, but, but Eric comes from a position of how to solve problems.


Yeah. When he was talking about the, when he was talking about Gaza, he said, we have the ability to frack. What that means is we can drill sideways. He said, you could have filled those tunnels with seawater instead of bombing the shit out of, you know, 70% of it and killing all those people. You could have flooded those fuckers out. 'cause you, you, you, you drill. And now, I don't know if this is true, I don't know anything about fracking, but he does. And he said, you could have drilled fucking this way. Fill, take the Mediterranean, fill all those tunnels with sea water, and they would've had to come up and you would've been just fine. And just position people, you know, when they come out of the water. Why Didn't they choose That? A good question. The same reason that in Afghanistan, they had an oil, they had an oil reserve there in Afghanistan that was well capped by the Soviets.


Well capped. We could have taken that cap off and that oil, they had enough oil to not only fuel the entire country, but the whole war effort right there for about 9 cents a gallon. But instead we would get our oil from Saudi Arabia, et cetera, and have to ship it through Pakistan with All the roadblocks. So it was about 900 bucks a gallon or some crazy shit. He was on my thing talking about it. This Video says he presented a plan to do it. It says, blocked by The Pentagon. Let's hear this. Put your head A smart dude Provided that Israelis, a fully funded, donated ability to flood Gaza with water, with seawater to flood the 300 miles of tunnels blocked by the Pentagon.


Our stuff isn't working that well in Ukraine. The Navy has been ineffective in Yemen. US has given very bad advice, very mixed advice in Gaza preventing the Israelis from finishing it or even preventing from ending that war in a clever way. Yeah, he's very smart. And, and, and Eric is, he's a problem solver. You can say whatever you want about him, but I, I really enjoy, he's he's a very smart guy and I know people that work with him and for him and Well, If the shit goes down, you need people like that. Yeah. You need people that know how to solve problems. Yeah. Yeah. But also, you know, you Can't have some overweight lesbian that says that if you're trapped in a building, you already made a mistake.


You already fucked up. You need me to carry You's. Is that really what she said? You wanna hear it? Yeah, I do. Let me hear it, Jimmy. You can probably find it right? If You can't. I Just so you can outrage me. Give more energy. I certainly have it in here. I know I can find it if you just gimme a moment. It's just, it's so ridiculous. You, you hear her say it and you're like, what are you even saying? Here it is. I found it. It's not ai. Right? No, no, no, no. Here Jamie Say, AI shit's getting crazy. I've had to call, you know, and ask, you know, I called, you know, I was like, is is ai it, it's Really hard to tell hear headphones on again, because you're gonna have to hear it because it's so crazy.


It's so ridiculous. House your emergency, whether it's a medical call or a fire call that looks like you, it gives that person a little bit more ease knowing that somebody might understand their situation better. Is she strong enough to do this? Or you couldn't carry my husband out of a fire. Which my response is he got himself in the wrong place if I have to carry him out of a fire. Oh, wow. Oh, that's helpful. That is such a crazy way to look at things. Wow. The correct answer is no, I cannot, but I can do other things. Right? Yeah. And we are gonna need people that can carry people outta buildings because that is a part of the job. Yeah. It's not, he got himself in that S only if you wanna save lives.


Yeah. But again, this is social, but they're Not care Justice don't care. Saving lives social justice ideology over about represe representation, ideology over effectiveness, ideology over utility. One of the things we saw during the 2024 election is massive chunks of California turned red that had never been read before. Yeah. And I suspect that that trend will continue and be even further. And you gotta flip the top. Well, there's a limit to what you can do. People, you know, they're not stupid Americans. They, they, they reach their boiling point. Yeah. I think we're gonna get to a point where they wake up and you're gonna have to have someone come in and clean up the mess. I think the greatest, someone's Gonna have to be like socially liberal, but fiscally conservative and pragmatic and realistic.


But they're, they're gonna have to like be a person like you or I who like supports gay rights, supports women's rights, supports equal rights. Like Of course. But also the thing is don't hire people that aren't qualified for a job because you don't wanna hire white people. That's crazy. Hire everybody that's qualified and then make everybody else more qualified. Go to this, Make everybody ra rise to the same level. Yes. That's why sports are great. Right. Figure out a way to fix all your fucking urban problems. If you have $24 billion every year just for homelessness, imagine what that could have been done to clean up communities. Exactly. 'cause you haven't done a goddamn thing about homelessness and all those people should be held accountable. Well That's because they, again, they're framing the problem wrong.


If you talk to those people, if you talk to the people in charge of homelessness Yeah. A lot of time. I'm not saying a lot of 'em are. Look, a lot of 'em are good people and a lot of 'em are smart and they know a lot more about it than I do. So I bet don't, so I don't like being the guy who's talking about like, I, but I'm I just saying, I like to be fair, I wanna be fair. But I think when you're framing it just as a housing problem, it's a lie and inequality problem. It's a fucking lie. It's, it's a bunch of people profiting. I mean, Cole Noir, when he was on the podcast, explained that to me for the first time. He said, when he was in San Francisco, he said, well, what is going on? Like, do they just need more money? He's like, no, you don't understand. It's the opposite. It's like there's a business now in keeping homelessness there. Yes. Because there's people that are making a quarter, quarter million dollars a year and they're, they're just working on the homeless problem and they're failing.


We got 31,000 new homeless people this year. Wow. It's just failure. It's just, And you know, California was always including under democratic governors. California was always known as a, as a place that was run very, very well with really responsible civic employees for a long time under Rearden and that and stuff. And then it just, yeah, It just went off the end. Well, it's collapsing under the weight of its own bullshit. Oh, Did I tell you? So, so, so I had, I had, I was with Arnold Schwarzenegger and, and I asked him what was it like to be governor? And, and one of the things that I got was that how little power he, he was not able to get a lot of things done. But I'll give you a classic example. He said, and I'm sorry if I'm paraphrasing, but he said something, he said there was a water issue. And he said, these farmers over here are not using all that water.


So here's ready, here's what you do. Just take the water they're not using and give it to this, this part of the state over here. It's no big deal. Just pipe it over here. And his senators said, Mr. Governor, I can't do that. He said, why? He goes, because now you're asking me to go and ask my constituents to give up some of their water. They're going to use that against me in my next election. Right. So he goes, so, so Schwarzenegger goes, so then what the fuck are we gonna do? And he goes, here's what you're gonna do. You're gonna make a speech and you're gonna say exactly what you just said to us and we're gonna say yes, but then we're not gonna really let it happen. And he goes, that's how this works.


He goes, now you're learning baby. That's fucking California state politics. Well that is where Elon Musk and Vivic Ramas Swami come in. Maybe Department of Government efficiency maybe For sure. Maybe. Yeah. I don't know what they're gonna be able to get done. Lemme Give you an example. So Pete Hehe seems like a great guy. I'm a fan. I don't know much about him, but I like that kind of seems like kind of guy I'd like to hang out and have a beer with. I'm sure he is very smart. Princeton. I think Harvard like Bronze Star row four books. Awesome. I'm sure he'll be a very effective Secretary of Defense. However, that job, this, this DODI think has a million 0.1 employees and a budget of $750 billion, maybe $850 billion now, just, that is a massive, massive company essentially.


And that requires management on a different level. That skillset is very specific and very, very difficult. And very strange. It doesn't mean that because you are a great soldier, you can necessarily do that. And I'm saying I'm, I'm not, I'm just using it as an example. Right, right, right. So we have to get down to brass tack and take politics out of this and get real fucking practical with all this stuff. I think with Elon Musk and with Vik Roman Swami, the US government is a very complicated organism and massive and does a lot of shit. None of us even know about, you know, I always use this as an example. Who the fuck keeps geese out of the airfields? The Department of Agriculture who keeps, who, who keeps falcons on hand at most airports.


Perrine Falcons. You know, who does the Department of Agriculture? You know why? 'cause they're territorial birds. They keep All the other birds outta the airfield. You know how to do that? 'cause I don't, who gets sheep to graze at a higher altitude 'cause of global warming and they, they don't want to graze when it's really hot. I don't know. But we have to do that if you want mutton and fucking wool. And there are signs that have to figure that out. They're not political. There's a thousand things. Who manages all that nuclear waste in the ground and make sure it doesn't get into the Columbia River and the water waste. Who manages our electric grid? This is all who keeps track. Please. I'd like to know of all the spent uranium rods, sir, that are used in all our diagnostic machines. 'cause if you detonate one of those motherfuckers over the Super Bowl, you have to clear out that city for 20 years.


The Department of Energy is the answer. That's buttigieg. He's doing a great job. He, That's No, wasn't he? No transportation. He's transportation. It was the guy who stole women's clothes. Mm, Yeah. He's the nuclear secretary. Yeah. He was responsible for that. That guy seems like fucking well put together. That's not a guy. That's a they piece of shit. Sorry bro. Sorry. Don't misgender. That's The most important thing. That Fucking guy don't misgender. That thief. Jesus Christ. Do you understand what I'm saying? Yes. So, so this Iss it's beyond complicated. Yeah. Unbelievably complicated. Yeah. And so Michael Lewis wrote a book called The Fifth Risk About this. A good book, short, very worth reading. Very fucking worth reading. I walk around talking about being a libertarian as usual. I don't really know what government does it.


I was so kind of humbled by the book. 'cause I was like, there's a lot of shit I rely on people who are needy, people who are very elderly, people who are disabled, who live in places where they can't get food. Our food banks feed those people. Meals on Wheels is a really big thing. So there's a lot of shit that the government does and we feed a lot of people that couldn't feed themselves otherwise. So we have to be careful about not throwing the baby out with the bath water. And once again, take politics out of it. Let's approach everything like it's a problem and stay agnostic about this shit. And sometimes you might have to be a little left. Sometimes you might have to be a little Right. Respond to the fucking evidence and, and, and be humble about the fact that every time you step into a problem, you may not know anything.


And that's what I try to do. Bryan Callen for Governor. Fucking, why didn't you write, I hope you guys wrote that shit down. Where's my camera? You don't need to write it down, bro. You just said it from the heart. Fuck Yeah, dude. Yeah, bro. Fucking hilarious. Yeah. Why don't you be a governor? My buddy. My buddy. Last time I did my podcast, my buddy ag goes like this. He goes from toehold. He goes, Hey dude, loved your Rogan podcast. Next time you're on the biggest podcast in the world, make sure you talk about the fucking Bible some more. He Goes, Hey man. It's interesting. Yeah, I'm into that. I had that Wesley Huff guy on, you know who he is. Yeah. He was really interesting. And one of the most fascinating things that I can't stop thinking about is how the book of Isaiah from the Dead Sea Scrolls was verbatim the same as the book of Isaiah that they found a thousand years later.


Wow. A thousand years. Wow. And it was exact word for word. Yeah. Like, that's incredible. It's not only incredible, but I always think the fact that the Bible endures Is interesting. Yeah. Right. It's very interesting. It endures It. I always go back to like, what were they trying to do? What was it really all about? I did they start, I Have an opinion. Tell me. I think that if you read the Old Testament, which I've done three times, the the, I would argue that, so what what's a theme of a of a, any, anybody, any, any author writes a book. The theme is always the audience, the author's argument for how one should behave in the world. Okay. It's a good way of looking at it.


And I think that the central theme of the Bible of the Old Testament certainly is don't worship false gods. So what's that mean? If you try to worship false gods? If you, if you, if you put too much emphasis on money, on status, on power, on ideology, whatever, it's on ideology. You, you will, you will inevitably turn yourself into a circle. You'll, you'll be a snake eating its own tail. It's for, for whatever reason, human beings have a very hard time inventing and creating their own gods. And we always do it. Mm. What what, what there is, what the value of having a transcendent truth of something that you can't measure. It's very interesting that you can't measure it.


That you, even when so, so with why do the Muslims, why do the, the Orthodox Jews not have any kind of like picture of God? It's because you're putting a measurement around God. You're trying to define God and that's not for you to do. And there's something very valuable about not being able to do that. Because that transcendent truth is not for you to understand necessarily. It is for you to reach for. It is for you to be reverent of. It's for you to understand that something is watching you. That you will never get away with anything. And, and, and I'll quote Jordan Peterson. I love it because I've always thought this, and I think you agree with this. You don't get away with anything and you'll pay in full for everything you've done and haven't done. It's a great way of looking at things. Maybe it's wrong, but it's a good way to at least it's, it's keep that in mind. I think you pay psychologically no matter what, a Hundred percent when you're not telling the truth.


The People. Right. And the people that don't, those are the people that are the most delusional and the most disconnected because they put blinders on as to who they are And what they've done. I mean, you see this when people get caught for horrible crimes and they Yes. You know, they can't like Bernie Madoff type people, like they've diluted themselves to a point where they've, they've, they don't look at they're complete sociopaths. Yeah, man. Which is a weird path that the mind can go into where you're never wrong and it's always about you. Well also, like I always, when people talk about God, I, I kind of like replacing it with truth. So just, just try to stay close to the truth, man. And it's, it's hard sometimes the truth's really fucking inconvenient.


It's really, it's really, it. It'll, it might throw your whole life up in, in the air. You might have to burn off, you know? But, but I don't think, I think it's inevitable. And, and part of, like, if you, if you see great stories, You know, what's the definition of a tragedy? It's the, the hero or the protagonist doesn't learn from his mistakes and, and, and holds on Moby Dick is a tragedy because Ahab will not give up on this fucking white whale that took his leg. And if you read the book, he just gets sucked in. You'd think it'd be some dramatic thing in the book. Ahab gets caught by the whale and just, he just, he just dies this quick, just soundless. He just gets sucked in. I was like, wait dude, he's been in the book the whole time.


What the fuck happened? The, that's how it happens, bro. You got sucked down and the universe doesn't give a fuck. You're not important. No. But you spent all that time trying to get vengeance on a white whale and that thing was like, he was just trying to run away. No, you get Sucked in And you drown. It's a great way of looking at life. And, and I, I, as I get older, the one thing I would've told myself when I was younger, the one thing I would've told myself is I would've said, Hey, listen, listen. Fuck face. You better tell the truth All the way. All the way across the board. All the way Across. Lemme tell you something. Yeah. You wouldn't have listened. You're so fucking right. You is. 'cause You know what I always said to myself? I'm one of God's favorites. These things don't apply to me.


I'm being bad. Well You also, you were charming. Mm. You know, charming is a problem. Got away with a lot. Yeah. Charm. And you are fun to be around people like you. You're fun. A lot of friends. Yeah. A lot of friends. Yeah. Found my way through. And also we liked that you were ridiculous. Of course we liked you living your life completely chaotic. Reckless. Yeah. But it's also why you're funny. Like that's the balancing act. It is. Right. As as a comic, as a human. Yeah. I didn't Wanna be too, I didn't wanna be the people I knew who got real famous actors. They were so buttoned down. They were so fucking afraid of everything. And I was like, Hey bro. I think sometimes you gotta be willing to throw the whole fucking chessboard in the air. And you know, it's like my favorite If you wanna be funny. Yeah. Yeah. If you, if you become too calculated, man, I just think you outthink yourself.


You lose the magic, you lose the ma The part of the magic of being a comedian is these sparks of ridiculousness that have to pop into your head, dude. So you have to be able to entertain that part of your mind. I used to think when I was young that I, I didn't wanna meditate 'cause I didn't wanna become enlightened 'cause it would fuck up my comedy. It's true. Why I thought that way. Yeah. 'cause I realized that there was a completely different mindset between me as a martial arts competitor and me as a comedian where I didn't need anybody's approval before. Like, I, I, I liked that they didn't like me. I used to love going to places and fucking up the local hero. I used to enjoy it. Yeah. I just get a kick out of it all. 'cause I didn't have anybody in my corner. I didn't have anybody cheering for me.


Nobody came to see me fight. So I was like, I'll go to your place and fuck you up. Yeah. I liked it. Yeah. I liked, I liked hearing people Line. There was one, there was a fight that I had when I was 19 and I fought in Anaheim at the, the Nationals. And there was this guy who was the state champion, I think he was from Illinois. And I hit him with a wheel kick. That was probably the hardest I've ever hit anybody in my life kill somebody like that. Well, he went unconscious and he never woke up. They took him to the hospital. They, they took him out on a, on a stretcher. It scared the shit outta me. Jesus. Because I, I remember thinking that easily could have been me. Yeah. That easily could have been me. But what I do remember was all these people were cheering him. Let's go Johnny, come on, Johnny.


Fuck him up. Johnny. All these people were Johnny whack Silence Faceplant and then snoring. Jesus Christ. And then I, I remember the satisfaction of that. Like, shut the Fuck. And it feels like nothing on your foot. Go home. It Hurt. I was limping really? For days. Really? Oh Yeah. Did you hit him with your heel? I hit him in the, with the, with my heel in his cheekbone. Oh Christ. On his cheekbone. Yeah. And I was That'll hurt Fast. I was fast. Yeah. Still are. But, but back then, when I was 19, I was fast. So it happened in a, a breeze. A a quick moment. And then I remember thinking afterwards or he, when is he getting up? He's not getting up.


Oof. He didn't get up. And then they, they carried him away in the stretcher and they took him to the hospital. And I never felt the same way about fighting again after that. Yeah. Because that could have been you. Yeah. I thought, You know, think I also thought about like, if that was me, would I even be the same person again after that? Because I had a friend who fought in this tournament. He fought this guy Jersey long, who was this Canadian national champion. And he got ax kicked in the head hard. And he went unconscious and real bad. And he was never the same guy again. Really? Really? He was timid after that. He never fought. Well, yeah, he, he was, he didn't show up for training a lot. He was just, and he just like, seemed depressed. That's Why I think fighters who can, who have longevity are very special. Because one of the things, you know, if you like just box or TaeKwonDo especially people don't realize that people get, would get knocked out All the time in our studio.


Yeah. But, but also boxing. Like when you get hit hard and you have trouble chewing for like two weeks or you get hit, like, like when I was sparring a lot, I, I would get hit man, and I would get fucking gun shy and my, my trainer Wayne McCulloch would go, you're sparring today. And it was everything I could do not to turn my car around. It would almost turn me into a liar. I was like, I have to, I'm in the hospital. Ah, my car just got hit by a truck. Anything. But I would, you'd get there and you'd have your fucking, your I would wear a bar 'cause I'm a bitch and a mouthpiece. And I, I was still always nervous. And the guy was from fighting good guys. Fighting guys like me, fucking weekend warriors. It Doesn't matter. It didn't matter, man.


The person trying to hit you in the face is scary. You know what? I Think, You know what I think meditation does? I think, I think the point is, and I don't meditate a lot, is to get outta your own. To get out the way. Yeah. Like to, to get out of the way. Like literally That's a lot of life. Yeah. Is getting outta your own. He should dis disappear. Yeah. I heard a sports psychologist say that he teaches baseball players. He would teach them, he would do this mantra, which was one, two, get out of the way. So when you're trying to hit a ball, 'cause it's really precise and you can't be overthinking. You've gotta just be totally reactive. Right. Your, your, your eye and your hands have to be married and motherfuckers are throwing a hundred mile an hour balls and shit like that. Yeah. And you ever, do you ever done that? You ever stood in at a plate and had guys throw a hundred miles an hour?


No, I have, I Have. Insane. It's Fucking terrifying. It's Fucking the idea of hitting that thing, dude. It's terrifying. Yeah. And, and, but I, I wanted to try it and I wanna see what it was like. And when you, when your job depends on it. When, when everything rides on it, you better get outta your own way. And guys get the yips. That's why guys will go on hitting streaks and then they'll go on long dry spells. Mm. Because they get in their own way. But I think part of like all of that meditation, Jamie, pull up the fucking Indian army. Did you see this? They were hiking No. In the Himalayas. And they came across a Bohi. Safa or one, you know, a a a monk who was meditating in the snow And it was 40 below.


This is recently. Yes sir. You might wanna bring this up so it can just Fucking, you know what Castano used to tell Mike Tyson? Mm. You don't exist. Damn. Just the task. The task exists. I love that. Yeah. You don't exist. He's become a bit of a monk. Yeah. So they found this guy. That's one guy. Our brother's ai Yeah. That's, that's a, that's in a green screen. This is two or three years old. Shut up. It's fake. It's Yeah. That's Bad. Look at that dude. I bet that dude's boring as fuck to talk to it's guy. It's a guy meditating. Look at him sitting there with a dog. It's A guy meditating covered in snow. Oh. And it's fucking unbelievable. Whoa. That Might be true, Bubba. Oh, that might be true. He looks legit. Yeah. They find these guys out there.


Yeah. He looks legit. They Find these guys. Yeah. I like to see him. There's a guy a couple hours later, There's guy in snow and he's not moving. And the Indian army came Across. Yeah. Looks like he's having fun. Yeah. What's the temperature like? Dog's having fun too, though. We don't, that's, we don't think that dogs might sunshine. That's in Utah. We're like, that dog's amazing. Do you think that's in Utah? I don't know. Come on, man. That's real. That's some guy on a lot of Drugs. That guy is no man. He's, he did the DMT breathing. Well, You know those dudes in, in, you ever read chanter? You know those guys who take a vow and never sit down? They stand up. Oh God. You seen their legs in India? No. Oh bro. Their Knees must be destroyed. They're the standing, they're the standing yogis. How bad are their knees? No, no, no. They, they get varicose veins. Their bodies, their, their feet start to melt. Like they, they what?


But they smoke copious amounts of weed. I mean, they're always high. Constantly. Yeah. But they, they take a vow never to ever ever sit. They are standing their whole life. So they sleep standing up in slings. Oh, that's ridiculous. And that, yeah. It doesn't, it Doesn't What do their legs look like? You should, You can, you can look that up just to fuck you up some more. Gimme Some standing yoga's just showing me all sorts of position. Brian Count positions for yoga. Fucking, What is it? How would you describe it as look? Standing yogis. Yeah. They're like the standing, the famous standing yogis or something. They're called Where From? Maybe, do you know where? India. India. India. I think in Calcutta. Yeah. Ugh. Yeah. It's, yeah. Sometimes the ferry's only a nickel.


You know, you don't have to stand all day by way. You fucking idiot way have a seat. Smoke cigar. Exactly. Please Relax a little bit. The end of the day, they're trying to get laid. I don't know what they're trying to do. They're, they're definitely not trying to get laid. Right. 'cause they don't do it. I think a lot of people are dealing with trauma. I think a lot of times you, you're either kill yourself, yourself or do something crazy. Right. Sometimes They're trying to find something. Yeah. You know, don't think you become a monk or a shaman. Joseph Campbell did a whole thing. Every shaman he studied, he, he was a, an expert at comparing western and eastern traditions. And he said every shaman ever had gone through some kind of a, a mental breakdown, usually in their teens. And they came out of it 'cause they had a society, a village that helped them through it.


That it, that sort of like understood that it was, it was a schizophrenic break, but they were going through something and there was something on the other side of that. So they, they wouldn't medicate them Standing Babas. This is guy, what is it? Standing what? Standing Babas. Standing Babas. Yeah. What are, look at their guy's foot. Go back to that other image that you had before. It's not a good, it's not what did you have Before's that's been bound. Oh, that's different. Oh, that's Chinese ladies. Oh my. But they're so high. That is the most disgusting thing. The Chinese foot binding, like Jesus Christ. Yeah. I shot up with my own eyes in in 1984 in China. I went to the So This is how this guy stands. Yeah. Just propped up All the time. That's what we do all day. That dude looks like he has one leg. Donations. No, they, they left his arm In the air too.


Oh, Jesus. Look at his arm. Yeah. Forever. He keeps his arm up since 1973. Oh my god. He hasn't brought it down since 1973. Yeah. He sees it as a devotion to Lord Shiva. Maybe Lord Shiva. Like, hey, hey, hey, hey. Wipe your ass. Yeah. I gave you Tom For reason. Wipe your ass. You can't use the same arm to feed yourself and wipe your ass. Look at that. You're gonna have to wipe your ass. That's crazy, dude. Look at his arm. I bet I could arm wrestle the shit outta that dude. I bet Everything I have I can. But that's not the point, man. Everything I have, dude, let's go. You know who's into arm wrestling now? Brian Shaw. Oh God. Yeah, that's a problem. He's been training hard for it. That's a real problem. Yeah. Look at that dude. Just ha high out of his mind. I tell you. Brian, fucking white power. I tell I What does he do?


What is that? That's it. No, forever. So that's black power. Black power. That's white power. Which one? White power is the hand. It's all about the handle. If you extend, if you extend your fingers, it's, it's racist. So white power is just basically a bitch slap, pro black, pro white, black power fucked you up. Correct. White power system. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, that's not And Hitler did this. Yeah. Everybody else did this. He did this. It's funny, like when CNN was attacking me, one of the photos that they would use All the time was me at the UFC waving to the crowd such like, this ladies and gentlemen, welcome. Fuck you guys. They would use me standing like this. Fuck you guys. This one, it was like they play Justin Balone thing. Yeah. When you see what the New York Times did to Baldoni where they took every one of those things outta context and bald was like, really?


How about I see you for $250 million. Yeah. And, and he's got fucking 90 pages of receipts. It's gonna be very interesting. Yeah. Very interesting. It's, it's interesting how the mainstream media just continues to go down this road of discrediting themselves. Yeah. I don't understand it. It's, well, it's the rise of independent journalism. Because there are the Michael Shellenberger, the Matt TBIs there, there are the Barry Weiss. Barry Weiss, these people in the world. Glenn Greenwald. There's these people that you can trust that are gonna tell you the fucking truth no matter what. Yeah. That's why I like about the marketplace. The marketplace will find people that you, you can rely on. Yes. To actually look, as long as there's freedom of speech, as long as you don't have censorship.


That's Elon Musk. Yeah, that's Elon Musk. I feel like YouTube and, and now Facebook. They're all coming around. Well that was one of the things that Zucker Zuckerberg came on yesterday to talk about. They've changed their content policy. They no longer have fact checkers and now they're gonna rely on community notes. What is that? I don't understand that. They used to have fact checkers. Yeah. Like someone would say something. Yeah. And someone would say, that's not true. It's the vaccines nothing but amazing. Impossible. Yeah. And they, they'll take off posts. So what are community notes? Community notes is what X uses. So like say if you post something, it's not true. The community notes underneath it would, you could write community notes. Oh, okay. So the community notes would be everybody would PO post into it. This is not true. And it would come to a consensus. The facts state that this and that, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


It's amazing. It's the best way to do it. Yeah. Because eventually the truth comes out. Yeah. The truth comes out. Bryan Callen, I love you to death. Love you too, buddy. You're the fucking man. Two shows tonight. I'm so happy that you're filming at the club. Thank you. It's gonna be fucking awesome. Thank you. Are you filming tomorrow night? Tomorrow night tonight I'm doing two shows. Just to warm up Theo vn Stopping by, which I'm excited about. So tomorrow night, seven and 10. Seven and 10. Tomorrow night. Beautiful. Sold out already. All shows Of course. Which is exciting. Of course. Yeah. So exciting. I'm pumped. I'm pumped for people to see your set too. Thank you. It's gonna be fucking powerful. I'm very proud of it. I'm proud of it. I love you man. Thank you very much for doing this. Bye everybody.