
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Steve Ella. That was a long exhale. I needed one. Is This Trump's chair? He sat in that chair. Yo, I wanna soak up some of the tenacity. Man. He's got a lot of that, That it took me a long time, man. It took me a long time to, to, to see it. Like I remember people would talk, you know, the, the, there was this thing when he, when he emerged on the scene, And it was thing about like, toughness. And I'd always defined, like in my mind, toughness was being able to go through some like alder, choked, hellhole real fast.


Right. Or hike up a hill. Right. So I was like, that's not tough. Then later I was like, oh yeah, like that mental Toughness, That kind of tough man. I mean, think about what that guy went through. I mean, he had the entire media, the entire justice system. He had the, the deep state Essential Intelligence Agency. He had all these people like conspiring to take him out, literally an assassination attempt. And then in another one, in and out of the news, in no time, nobody cared. No grace, period. Yeah. They, they went, they waited about a day, and then they started talking shit about him Again. That's the thing is I would've, when I looked at like, now that I've come to understand it better, I'm like, like the fact that most people would crawl into a hole.


Yeah. You know, after, well I got, I, I got a buddy, I don't wanna say who it is, but he, he had sold his business and he had told me, he goes, Juan, I wanna sell my business. I'm gonna crawl into a deep dark hole. And later he's kind of back out and bought another business. And I said, what about crawling into the deep dark hole? And he said, well, I did, but my wife was in there. He goes, I had to get back. I'm not ready yet. I gotta get back out. What people, I think that's like these sort of fictional depictions of the future that, you know, everybody wants this future where, you know, you're just holding hands and walking off into the sunset, the golden years.


It's all bullshit. If you're alive, you're gonna wanna do the same things you're doing right now. Yeah. You're not gonna have some point in your life where you're gonna want to do nothing and be happy that you don't have to do anything. You're gonna get depressed. Yeah. I think about it, but my, my wife's my wife's smart enough to worry about what had happened to us if we didn't have like, you know, dragons to slay. Yeah. You know, she feels that it might be essential. It's essential for life. You need puzzle. You need at least some sort of a very involving hobby. You need something. I mean, You can retire from, if you have a lot of money, you could retire from your financial pursuits, but you need something that you enjoy doing. Human beings need tasks.


If you don't have something, you, you get very dull. And that's how people get Alzheimer's. They just fucking Yeah. Get dementia. They just like, sit around the house and their brain atrophies and, and then they just die. Yeah. I, I look at people like that and, and you know, part of looking at, well, Biden and Trump would be at that age, like, I plan on at that age to be like really kicking it and just screwing around outside. Yeah. Just having fun. But that just thing that like to perform to the bitter end man. Well, Biden is not performing. I mean, trying to perform to the bitter end whatever he's doing Yeah. Is Strange.


Yeah. Trying to keep at it. I think He's getting propped up. I think there's other people that are like pushing him towards the get out there. Come on. Like the, I think Jill's got her hands on his lower back, Just giving a push. Get Out there, come on, you can win again. I think they good up kind of beating Trump. Yeah. It's, but it's that thing too, where people, oh, one day you'll get to certain age and you'll like, you know, I'm 57 and I used to think, oh, when I'm 57, I'll be done. I'll just, if I have some money, I'm just gonna relax. Yeah. That's nonsense. I don't wanna relax. Same person. How long do Think, how long do you think you'd, if you had to guess, how long would you do this podcast? This Is the easiest thing I'd do. Really? Yeah. I'll do this forever. Really? It's so easy to do.


Yeah. As long as I'm actually interested in talking to the people. How, how hard is that Actually interested. Yeah. But that's the only reason why I do it anyway. Yeah. Like, I only talk to people I want to talk to, so no one ever tells me, you know, have this person on your show. There's, there's literally zero input from anyone else. So everybody I talk to, I look at her, I go, do I wanna talk to that guy? That might be cool. That'd be interesting. I want find out what makes him tick. I wanna find out what, why she writes those books like that. I wanna find out, you know, what, what keeps him going. That that's like the whole, the whole reason why I do it is 'cause I enjoy it. If do you picture, do you picture walking away from standup before you'd walk away from podcasts?


I don't know. Why would I do that too? I'm have my own club now. I have To. I'm 50 years old, man. I'm just starting to wonder. I'm just starting to have all these questions. Yeah. I think you enjoy, you just stay healthy. Stay healthy and do what you enjoy doing. I think live in the moment. I think this idea of like planning for the future's like silly. I really do. I think you should have goals. Like if you enjoy doing things and you are like, I would like to get to this point, I would like to do this. Or something to strive towards. Yeah, that's good. But this idea that like, You know, one day you're just gonna like stop doing stuff. Like why Yeah. Are you alive? Are you enjoying doing it? Yeah. Let's shut the fuck up. Like, you could be so much worse off. There's so many things to dwell on other than whether or not I wanna stop doing something that I enjoy.


Why would I ever even think about that? That's a good point, man. It's a good point. These are all questions I had never really thought about, but I'd be more interested in. Yeah. After I crossed that threshold, You know? But I could conceive a time where I don't wanna do it anymore. I don't wanna be a public person anymore. The public aspect of it is the weirdest part. The people constantly wanting your time and everybody thinking that if I can connect with this guy, that I can make a lot of money. I can set up a business with him, I can do this with him, I can do that with him. He can introduce me to this, I can, you know, work with him. I could, there's a lot of that. A lot of that. That's exhausting. A lot of these like opportunists and, and weirdos. Yeah. You know, those, those are exhausting. I remember years ago, three, four years ago, you told me that you wished you were, we were eating barbecue and you told me you wish you were 10% less famous.


But I feel like then you got 20% more famous. Yeah. Yeah. I fucked up. Well, I thought doing the Spotify thing, I was like, his direction isn't going the right way. That was the whole reason why I took the Spotify deal. I was like, good. They're gonna gimme a lot of money and it'll only be on Spotify, so I'll be about 10% less famous. Good. Let me slide off into obscurity because all, I mean, as long as I'm making money, I was like, I just enjoy doing it. I don't care how many people, like, the people that like it will still listen. So maybe I'll have less casual fans. Like, who cares? Yeah. Yeah. Who cares? You know? Yeah. There's A certain level of fame though, that's a little unmanageable and I'm in that level. Yeah. It's very unmanageable. You know what it is.


Well, I part, you know, if you'll allow me to tell you what it's okay, Please do. And, and I, I observed this, I observed this, my, my wife who's traveling through right now, I observed this after we had had dinner with you one time, and certain individuals you included would be that it's not necessarily, it's, it is not just people that don't like you. Right. There's people that like you too much. Yeah. People that don't like you just avoid you. Those Are great. I know. And so it's like, you gotta, like, at a certain point you gotta worry about the people that like you. Yeah. You know? Oh, believe me. I know. Because they Like you a lot, you know?


Oh, I know. Yeah. And they, they also Like, they're like, I'd like to take kidnap that Joe Rogan and bring him home with me. They want me to come to their house. They keep in my basement. Yeah. I get, I get like letters. People want me to come to their house. I get it. You know, especially if you don't know anyone famous. And the thing about podcast too is like, you're so intimately connected to that person. 'cause you hear that person talk All the time. Yeah. I do four of these a week, so it's like they're hearing me, you know, it's fucking 12 hours a week Yeah. Of me talking to you. Yeah. It's A lot. Yeah. That, that thing, I mean, it comes up, it's over observed. Tim Ferris mentioned it to me. He's like, people think like they think they know you, but he is like, but they do.


They do. They do. And you don't know them. Yeah. Yeah. Which is real weird. Yeah. They know. They know what you think about stuff. Yeah. They know what you think about current events. They know about your background. Right. The good thing about that though is if like someone tries to pretend you're something other than you are, if like there's a smear campaign against you, people are like, no, I know that guy. Oh, like they actually know you. Yeah. They really know you. Like, people have listened to me like a hundred hours. There's no, it's no confusion. There's no like guesswork. Like this is who I am. Yeah. I'm not that complicated. It's A long charade. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Visible, you know how most wireless plans feel like they're designed to confuse you with like, hidden fees, weird surcharges, family plans you don't even want. Not with Visible on the Visible plan. It's one line of unlimited 5G data for just $25 a month. Flat rate, no surprises. Powered by Verizon's network. So, You know, it's solid. And here's the kicker. They're all digital. You can manage your plan in the app or online, meaning no stores, no pushy salespeople, just you and your phone. And right now, Visible's got an insane deal. Use promo code ROGAN by January 31st and you will get the Visible plan for just $20 a month for 25 months. That's $5 off every month for over two years. So go to Visible dot com slash rogan and check it out. It's wireless made simple Terms. Apply, see their website for the details.


That'd be a long charade that you've played. Yeah. Imagine. Imagine you bullshitted people for that long. Yeah, that's, that would be amazing. Like a hundred thousand hour ade, 15 years, a hundred dollars an hour Sade Bullshitting people. Yeah. But You know, there's always that suspicion when you see someone on television that they're not really that way. Yeah. Because there's been like Ellen, like the Ellen situation. Yeah. You know, and people found out that Ellen was mean and all these people came out and said, Ellen's actually a fucking bitch. And they were Whoa. Yeah. I can't believe it. And she lost everything. She fell apart, disappeared because people found out that this character that she was portraying in a half an hour on a television show is not really who she was. Yep. You know? But I hadn't already known that.


'cause I had a buddy work for her. Like, and he was like, she's a fucking monster. Yeah. I didn't have, I didn't have a lot of, I didn't really had a lot of awareness. You probably did. Just from, from being in the business, you know? I only did because of my buddy. Yeah. My buddy Greg, who was one of her writers, was like, she's a piece of Shit. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't know enough to be surprised. It's just people that they get in those positions of power and if their whole life they've been fucked with and picked on or You know, they've been marginalized and then all of a sudden they're in control. Like, oh, now it's payback. There's a lot of those folks. That's what happened to Castro. Is that it? Is that what happened to Castro? Yeah. I mean like, you know, I mean, it's like the, in fact, I, I would talk about that a little bit in some, you know, I've, I've discussed that in like, various conversations around when you watch like certain political fortunes rise as it becomes, things become vindictive.


I don't even go to Canada anymore. I won't go to Canada for a UFC. I don't go over there, Man. I've spent my whole life in the northern tier states. But I've, I've remained somewhat oblivious to political movements in Canada. Well, They don't have free speech up there. They don't have a first amendment. They have different laws. They have hate speech laws. Yeah. Which are very dangerous because who defines hate speech? Yeah. You know, like, so hate speech laws in Canada, they refer to gender pronouns now. So like, not just male female. Like if a guy, like if Kaitlyn Jenner decides that she's a girl, like Bruce Jenner decides he's a girl now you have to call him Kaitlyn. If you don't, that's hate speech. Like, okay, maybe that's debatable.


Maybe you're being an asshole. But no, they want like all 78 fake genders, like ZR and all these fucking crazy fake ones. And they thems and Well that, That's where like, that, that's, I mean, isn't that conversation what spawned kind of the ascendancy of Jordan Peterson, right. Coming out Yeah. Coming outta Canada. Well, That's how Jordan and I became friends. Yeah. In 2015. And then Jordan did my podcast and then Jordan became a famous guy for speaking out against this. Yeah. He's going through some sort of bizarre reeducation process in Canada. And he's going to publicize it because it's so ludicrous. So they, they want to educate him on like what he, what he talks about on social media if he wants to keep his clinical license to practice as a, a psychotherapist.


Oh, is that right? But he doesn't want to practice anyway. He makes far more money doing what he, they've essentially made a monster. They made him way more famous than he ever would've been before. Sure. Yeah. They, they highlighted all of Canada's problems way more than would ever get highlighted without this persecution of this guy. Hmm. It's kind of crazy though. Yeah. So he's going through it. He is like, fuck you, I'll, I'll go through it and I'll go through it publicly. You, you guys are idiots. Also knowing you're gonna have to Talk, knowing what the outcome will be. Well, Knowing he's gonna trounce them. Like good luck debating that guy. Yeah. Good fucking luck. Like, good luck. Like, who do you got on your side that's gonna go up against that guy? Like, shut the fuck up. Who on your creepy authoritarian totalitarian regime is gonna stand up and make sense competing against Jordan Peterson.


Good fucking luck. I wouldn't want the job. Yeah. Good luck. Good luck debating that guy. It's just the, the whole, the whole situation up there is just like so fucked. And I don't know too much about that Pierre Vet guy, but I, I hope that, you know, there's some sort of meaningful change up there that could bring, I used to love Canada. I used to say Canada is like America, but like 20% less douche bags. They were so friendly. They're so nice. I used to love going to Montreal. I used to love going to Vancouver. I loved it up there. But some, the woke shit hit there so hard because they don't have freedom of speech. They don't have a first amendment. So when they start clamping down on your ability to express yourself, like there's really disastrous implications.


Yeah. But there'll probably, I mean, there'll probably be a course correction now, which it seems like just generally on free speech issues, there's a radical course correction right now. Sure. Or you become Iran. Oh yeah. You know, you roll that way. Yeah. I mean, course correction doesn't always work. Like, You know, we think it works 'cause it works in America and it works in America. 'cause we have the First Amendment and we have the second Amendment and those two things work together. And if we didn't have those things, we would be genuinely fucked. 'cause every government wants to eventually completely and totally control its population. 'cause it's way easier for them to make money. And that's what they like to do. Yeah. They like to make money. They like to be in bed with the lobbyists and the military industrial complex and the pharmaceutical industrial complex.


And they like to fucking import impose their will on people. And if you can't express yourself and say, Hey, this is fucked up. This is crazy. Why am I doing this? Like, these studies show that you're not correct. Like if you can't say all those things, which right now you can't do in Canada. It's not the same. Like their ability to express themself on the internet has been severely limited. It's real weird, man. It's real weird. And it's happening. Right. You could walk there if you wanted to, you could walk there and it's fucked. It's like, it's on the same patch of land as us and it's fucked. It just shows you what can happen here if you don't have the right laws. Because people like that fuckhead, Justin, they pretend that you guys On first name basis. Yeah. That cocksucker they pretend that they're, and I don't talk this way about anybody.


No. I'm really surprised. I, I, I genuinely despise people like that. And I think it's good to say it publicly because people need to understand like what these people are doing. These people are leading you on the road to legitimate communism. Like he's, he's leading that country in a road to legitimate communism. It's very dangerous. And I think most Canadians are fed up with it at this point. It's just like the party, the party up there has so much control and he's been forced to resign. So Yeah. He's gotta step down and just hopefully they don't get some new slick talker to con them into the same old bullshit. Hopefully someone comes along that has like real meaningful change. Yeah. Which is what I'm hoping is gonna happen in America too. If that Tim wa cock sucker, if that guy got into, into power, like if Kamala died and Tim Walls tampon, Tim was our fucking president, you know, crazy.


This country would be, that weirdo puts tampons in the boys' room. And what about our joy? Like he's a complete pathological liar. Like a complete liar. Lied about being in Tianmen Square. Lied about being a fucking head coach of a football team when he Yeah. I thought some of that was just weird in how avoidable it was A hundred percent avoidable, but pathological liars. Yeah. People that habitual liars, they just lie All the time about everything. But There's a way, there's a way you can do it where it's sort of like no one's ever gonna know. And there's things you can fib about that are just find that you find out in five seconds. So you wonder about making the call to embellish something that a person could answer on their phone.


Right, right. Instantly. Like almost as you're saying it. Yeah. You know, that's not true. No. This was your rank in the military. Yeah. Oh, you didn't deploy from for war. You didn't. Why are you saying you deployed at war? The, the weapons you used in war? No, no, no. You were in, in war. Like, oh, you were a head foot. No, you weren't a head coach. You were the water boy. Yeah. The fuck are you talking About? I thought some of that was weird. Well, he's Just a liar. But that's what a lot of these people are. They're just, they're just actors who are ugly and they're like, well, I can't really make it in show business. And I, I want a lot of attention and I wanna be a special person. So I'll, I'll do politics. I'm good at bullshitting. And most people, you know, they're trusting. They're like, oh, he's saying the right things. If you say the right things, you know abracadabra.


And then next thing you know, you're a fucking governor. Yeah. You ever gonna run for Governor of Texas? No, No, no. I'm not running for nothing. I don't wanna do nothing. I don't wanna do a goddamn thing. I could picture down the road, man. You might be like, I don't wanna be governor of Texas. Fuck that. Why would I do that? I have the best job in the world. I don't know. I get to talk shit with zero responsibilities. If I get something wrong, I go, listen, I'm a moron. Why are you listening to me in the first place? No, I have no desire in any way, shape or form to have anything to do with anything involving politics or I don't wanna be in control of it. I don't even like having employees. Jamie's awesome, but I mean, I don't like having employees. He Nodded. But he's just great. He's just great. He's easy. Like, that's why there's so few of us here.


You know, like I have a friend who has a, a podcast, a big podcast, and he is like fucking 13 people working for him. People running around with clipboards. I'm like, what do these people do? Yeah. Like, why do you have so many people working for you? Like this is doesn't freak you out. And he's always got like inter office conflicts and people are getting fired. 'cause people are fighting with each other and people fighting over like promotions and trying to get to, you know, like backstabbing each other and like, ugh. Yeah. Maybe you wouldn't like being governor. Fuck that. I would hate it. I wouldn't want, I don't wanna be a mayor. I don't wanna be nothing. I don't wanna be nothing. But I did get some sort of, Not even a mayor. No. I don't wanna be a city councilman. I don't wanna be a con. I don't wanna be shit. I, I, I don't like the whole thing about it.


It's just, it's not, it's not a good gig. It's just a, it's a creepy business. It's a very creepy and prostitutional business. It's just, I don't like it. Yeah. Yeah. Part of the impetus that pushes people into it is that they wanna reverse that. But I think that then there's a good luck. There's luck's a well, there's a magnetic pull that takes you in a direction of being perhaps what you wanted to get rid of. It seems like it happens to a lot of the like really idealistic young people that get involved in it and then, then all of a sudden they start doing really well in the stock market and Yeah. You know, They Make, they make some good bets. Yeah. They, You know, they used to be making $28,000 a year, then all of a sudden they're worth 12 million.


Now they're worth 20 million. And they're hanging out with a bunch of other people that are going on yachts on vacations. They're like, I'm gonna go on a yacht on vacation. Yeah. Next thing You know, you know, I want a Mercedes. And then, then like, they get you, they slowly get, you know, You know Evan Fer? Yeah. Evan Aver had a great saying. I, I've been repeating it a lot too much lately for people to listen to this podcast. But he said psychology is more contagious than the flu. I was like, Ooh. That's so true. Oh, I mean, like ideas in psychology. Yeah. Well, being around people. Yeah. And the Way they think. Yeah. I I'm with you. Yeah. Yeah. You absorb the way they think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you're around people that are just trying to have a good time, that are nice people, genuinely you lean in that direction.


Yeah. You know, like I try to spread that. I want everybody to have fun. Like let's have a good time. Yeah. Like if you're around a bunch of creeps that are just trying to climb the ladder and claw their way into power, like Yeah. How do you maintain your sovereignty? Yeah. That kind of psychological infection. Yeah. Good luck. Good luck battling it out with 460 other creeps who show up in DC and lie. Yuck. Although I did get like a bizarre, I did enjoy affecting the election. Oh, I can. Oh dude, imagine, I can imagine.


I did enjoy it because I didn't want to. I did, I did not want to get involved in any way, shape, or form. But it got so weird. Crazy. Yeah. You, it, you'd expressed that publicly in in the past. Yeah. I was like, I don't wanna have nothing and I don't wanna have anything to do it in the future. I don't, I didn't want to. I just felt sucked into it. I'm like, yeah, like we can't do this again. We can't do it with these same people that fucked us for four years and then they're gonna like, we're gonna do it differently now. Like, yeah. Like, what's going on? Did you see what's going on in ca? I mean, obviously you've seen what's going on in California, but the governor gave this creepy fucking speech where he was talking about speculators coming in and, and talking about what to do with the land of all these homes that have been burnt down while these, while it's still only 6% contained.


And he did this little dance. Like, I've been talking with these, you know, with the, the governor of Hawaii about what to do. We've got some ideas, speculate, we're gonna have some meetings. Like he's this really, oh, show it to him, Jamie. It's so creepy, huh? Because it's happening while these people are, their houses have been burned. All their childhood memorabilia, all their, their, the stuff for their kids, the photos, the fucking, everything they have, everything they have is gone. Me All the heirlooms, You know, their, their mother's wedding ring, that kind of shit. Everything's burnt to the ground. And this guy's like standing in front of all this stuff and he's got a smile on his face and he's talking about land use The development plans. Watch this, play this.


Gimme I I'm, I was just talking to Josh Green, the governor of down in, in Hawaii, you had some ideas around some land use concerns he has around speculators coming in, buying up properties and the like. So we're already working with our legal teams to, to move those things forward. And we'll be presenting those in, in a matter of days, not just weeks With big smile on his face. Look at the little wiggle he does with his shoulders. Speculator, watch this talking to Josh. Look at this, look at this little wiggle. It's excited about the possibilities of speculators coming in. And he's saying, we're move forward. We're gonna move forward on that. These people lost their homes. A lot of those people don't even have fire insurance.


'cause the fire insurance pulled outta California, like, I think like 69% of fire insurance pulled out of California. 'cause they're like, this is too crazy. Like, yeah, you guys aren't doing jack shit to manage this. You're not clearing the brush. The amount of money they could have saved by just clearing brush, like filling the reservoir. That 11 million gallon reservoir was completely empty during the time of full fire season. Like why, why didn't you fix that? Yeah. Like it's all insanely mismanaged. And then this guy is on television talking about real excited doing a dance about that. Doing a dance in front of the burned down home that people used to sleep in where their children would sleep in. Like, this is so disgusting.


You know? That's why I don't wanna be governor. The, oh, you know, it's funny. I was gonna tell you about on the way down here, I happened to be sitting across from one of our senators from Montana and, and after when the one of the flight was getting off, you know, it's hilarious. This this, this old timer comes by him and, and legitimate, I'm not joking, legitimately brings up to him potholes on the road. Really? Like on the airplane. It's like, you gotta do something about these potholes. I'm outside of Belgrade and his potholes are terrible. He's like, okay. Yep. Got it, got it. I mean, The senator can't do much about office.


No, I know. But it's just like, it's almost like a cliche, but you know, the thing with what's go their night, guys that I grew up with, you know, like a fish that was very central to our upbringing was a, was a fish called smelt. It was different kinds of selt. Yeah. So we had a rainbow smelt and they were, they live in the Great Lakes. And so in the spring when the smelt run, you know, it was a big deal to go smelt dipping. And we would selt dip 'em. And with drop nets and dip nets, it was a huge thing. And, and when smelt numbers were really high, you know, it was just like, it kind of brought everybody together. A lot Of my buddies used to do that. Massachusetts, The smelt run. Yeah. So the other night someone had taken out a clip where someone had taken out a chunk of a article in my friend circle and had sent me a thing where, where Trump had called the delta smelt like a basically useless fish.


And, and I was like, man, I feel like there needs to be like a, like a article in the constitution that the president cannot shit talk smelt. You know? But, but then I realized it was a different smelt. So I got my, i I cooled off once I realized it was the delta smelt not our beloved rainbow smelt. Well you can have, there's a, a balance right in terms of like being environmentally conscious but also recognizing the needs of the human population. And I think that's been distorted in California significantly. Yeah. But I do get like my hackles get up when my hackles get up about disparaging, disparaging fishes and birds. Of course.


Yeah. No, I get it.


Playoffs we're talking about playoffs. You bet. We are. Get in on the action with Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking Sportsbook The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas, 21 and over and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 108 hours after issuance four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


I get it. That's your world. That's your world. Yeah. It's, there's a balance, a balance to be held for sure. You know, I'm not real thrilled with this idea of like continuing to, to drill for oil in the gulf and gr drill for oil everywhere and knowing that occasionally these things blow up and yeah, you have a, a massive pollution and but also I don't think we should be dependent on Saudi Arabia for all our oil. You know, it's a mix. You know, you know, one of the, one of the kind of contradictions you encounter with stuff like this, and, and I've been a little bit involved in this the last few years, is I started going down to the Gulf of Mexico to spearfish on the oil rigs.


And so the oil rigs are, they're ver imagine like a, a vertical coral reef. You know, you, I don't wanna call it by, by no means I don't wanna call the Gulf a desert. But I mean, you could, if you're away from the rigs, you could swim along the surface for miles potentially. Right. If you're just swim with a snorkel and mask, You can swim along the surface for miles and not encounter fish. I mean, it's counter where you're seeing 'em in front of your face. Right. And you pull up to a rig and it's, it's hung in fish. I mean it's dr it it's, they're they're draped in thousands of fish. Okay? So, you know, you grow up with this idea if you just have a passive understanding of All the stuff you grow up with this idea that like oil, ex oil exploration equals a diminishing of natural life or diminishing of wildlife.


And you go and, and there there's this big debate where certain people wanna pull the abandoned rigs out. But you have fishermen who are like, they're here now. Leave them. Yeah. Because that's where All the fish are. Yeah. You know, and it's this, it's this very, it's this very spirited debate. And different administrations will have different plans. They had a program like Idle Iron, which is the Pull 'em out. There's a program called Rigs to Reefs, which is to tip 'em over. So they're not navigational hazards. The the shrimpers don't like 'em 'cause they, they're, they're, you know, they cause like navigational obstructions, you can hang your gear up on them. But All the rod and real fishermen and All the spear fishermen want the rigs there.


So you wind up into situation like that where it's this real complexity and You can picture, You know, it puts people in a situation and viewing it. It puts you in a situation where it's not that clean. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Like you're creating, I mean you, they, you almost hate to say it 'cause you're supposed to, You know, you know, you're, you're supposed to be an, you know, most people from the environmental movement are antio oil exploration. But then you go and look and be like, they created like an unbel accidentally created an unbelievable fishery. Yeah. And the Gulf. And there's dudes now, like I got buddies that spearfish there and fish there and it's like, remember in Star Wars, the original Star Wars where they go to that fucking planet and the planet's gone.


They're like, Hey, shouldn't the planet be here? You know that scene? I've been with buddies of mine and they got, they got GPS marks for rigs and you show up and it's like Star Wars. It's like you show up in the rigs not there anymore. Oh. Because there's these ships out there called Rig Reapers that are out plucking the rigs and they're plucking 'em faster and they can put 'em in, but it's got All the fishermen pissed off. That's an interesting Situation. Yeah. They want 'em there now, man. Lake Austin has a similar situation. So Lake Austin used to be this am it's still very good for bass fishing. They have big bass on Lake Austin and the people that live on the lake, you know, the highfalutin folks didn't like All the weeds.


Yeah. So they brought in carp. Oh. And the carp ate everything. Yeah. So now the, the place looks like the bottom of a swimming pool. Yeah. It's like All the vegetation is fucked. And so the bass don't have a lot of places to go. Like, You know, where, where I live, people go to the docks, like they, they cast to the docks, You know, and they, they fish near people's docks. 'cause that's like the only cover that these fish have. And so there's talk of like submerging like trees or, You know, dropping things Down. Yeah. Creating structures. Yeah. Creating structures. And then there's people that are opposed to that. 'cause like, you know, you have your, you know, the wakeboarders and All the people that like to like, recreation on the water. They don't want anything that could possibly fuck up their boat.


Yeah. You know, but like you've, they already fucked it up by bringing in the carp. Like, and you can't get the carp out. Like how you gonna kill the carp? You know, Tom r you know, you remember the writer Tom, was it Tom Robbins or Tim? No, Tim Robbins is the actor. Right, right, right. Tom Robbins. Skinny, skinny, skinny legs and all jitterbug perfume. He had a line where, you know, like in Hawaii they had this famous thing where they had a rat problem and then they brought in mongooses to kill the rats. And then now they got a mongoose problem. Yeah. He had some line that, like, we used to have a crime problem, then we brought in cops. But It, it's like my first, you're talking about political involvement.


My firstt like the, my first time I ever approached anything remotely political was on the lake I grew up on, we had an an, we had an invasive seaweed, an invasive aquatic plant called Eurasian mill foil. And it grew in our lake, but it made unbelievable fish habitat. And at the time I was not hip enough to understand the deleterious effects of non-native vegetation. I just knew that when you wanted to catch a fish, you went to the mill foil bed. 'cause All the fish were hiding in the mill foil. And they had this proposal to come in and kill All the mill foil and All the lakes. And I went down and I remember I was, I was in high school, I went down and I remember I was the sole person there to represent like the mill foil side of the argument.


And then they did it. They went in and poisoned All the mill foil out of the lakes in hopes of, you know, bringing in like the native seaweeds would take hold. But it it, I mean, it, it absolutely transformed the lake and from a fishery perspective, from a, not a perspective of native habitat, but from a pounds of fish perspective, the pounds of fish, like the biomass of fish declined by pulling out the weeds. Of course. You know? Yeah. And, and it's again, like some, you, you, on one hand you look like, well why would you mess up with this? There's fish everywhere. And some people would be like, well, it's not a native plant and we need to value native wildlife at the expense of what, you know, a high schooler would look at as like it's where the fish are.


Yeah. You Know, they didn't do what they did to Lake Austin, they didn't do it to Lady Bird Lake. So if you go to Lady Bird Lake, it's just hopping with bass Remained a good fishery. Yeah. There's seaweed and all kinds of, or not seaweed, but you know, lily pads and all kinds of shit over there. Yeah. That you don't have on Lake Austin. They didn't bring in the carp. Yeah. The, the other enormously destructive thing that they've done around the lakes where I grew up on is all that. So much of that, that life, the lake life relies on what you call like the littoral zone. So you know, the shoreline zone and most of these fish species, they like it to be dirty, meaning weeds falling over trees.


Like it creates all kinds of habitat Right. For little stuff to hide. And on these lakes where I grew up in Michigan, there's been a tendency over the years to, to to, to round up, put Roundup on your shoreline and then haul in beach sand. And you just watch over the years, like over the course of my lifetime, you just watch this like really, like verdant kinda like vibrant environment become increasingly like a swimming pool in a lot, in a lot of those lakes, man. And it's just been, it's just been, it's just been depressing to watch happen. Yeah. We were talking the other day about eating freshwater fish. How, how much toxic chemicals are in freshwater fish? It's fucking bananas.


Well, they have state advisories, which I've always ignored. I've always ignored. Have You ever get your blood tested? No. But you wanna know, I might have told you this story, man. Did I ever tell you a story about this? Which one? Well, I'll tell it real quick. So I grew up with a guy who, the, a guy named Ron Spring. Yes. He had his, I'll tell you the Ron Spring story. Okay, go, Go ahead though. Please do. Oh Fuck. I tell the story too. Too many People, I don't think you told it on here. Okay. I grew up this guy Ron Spring and for a living, he was a commercial bait fisherman. He would, he would catch wiggles minnows, he'd dig crawlers, catch leches, and he would supply bait and tackle shops with live bait.


And he had spring sporting goods where he sold his own life bait. And he would even hire women to sew what's called a spawn sack where he take little bits of sam pieces of salmon, row salmon eggs and sew 'em into a little mesh bag for steelhead bait. He was just in the bait business, but also was a fish and fanatic and lived off fish his whole life. So he was living off Great Lakes fish his whole life. And the University of Montana started trying to track down old timers who'd eaten like enormous quantities of great lake fish, great lakes fish to test them for heavy metals exposure. Okay. And, and, and, and other toxic things that in, in the environment. And he'd lived his whole life like me with like, you know, complete defiance of health advisory suggestions about fish consumption.


And he goes down there and he, and he would go in every month or two for these little batteries of tests. And one of the things they would do with them is they would tell 'em, they'd give him a grocery list and he'd be like, Hey, you gotta go to the store and buy like bread, eggs, cheese, butter, whatever. And then he'd wait a minute and they'd say, what were you supposed to buy at the store? You know, and he's telling me this story and he told me, I always laugh because he said, Steve, I wouldn't have remembered that list if I never ate a piece of fish in my life. So they were trying to like gauge his memory based on the amount of heavy metal Inspired Yeah. They were trying to, they were presumably they tested his blood and found something of interest. Yeah. And so they were trying to figure out like what happens to a guy.


But I lived in Seattle and right on Lake Washington and we would catch a lot of yellow perch because people, they, they're full yellow perch, which are non-native and everyone in in that area in the Pacific Northwest is like a trout and salmon and snob. So I had the whole fishery to myself, you know, you, you could go out and catch easily, you know, a hundred plus yellow perch outta Lake Washington, but they had a health advisory on 'em and you weren't supposed to, they would tell you that perch over 12 inches, you're only supposed to eat one meal a month or some shit like that. But we just wouldn't keep 'em over 12 inches because there weren't that many under, over 12 inches anyways. And we'd just eat 'em All the time. I would have fish fries.


And when you fried fish in the Great Lakes, there's no person in the Great Lakes region that I was aware of. Like in Michigan, there's no person that would even kind of give a shit about these restrictions. They would be surprised to hear that there were any kind of restrictions. But like the, the way the different sentiments and different mentalities run in Seattle, you'd have people that like, they're like, you caught it where Lake Washington? No way. Right. Just like in a, like a level of awareness from like an urban environment about those kind of toxins. And, and growing up where I grew up, it was just not a thing that people discussed. Even though they're right in the fishing regs. When did it start happening? Like when did freshwater fish become toxic?


That would be something I'd be interested in. Man, I think it's like, it, it's, it's mercury, it's certain industrial solvents. It's BPAs too. It's forever chemicals. And I think that with Lake Washington, there was a lot, correct me if I, maybe I'm wrong. Like I'm, as I say this, I might be wrong. I think there was things around Boeing plants and old solvents and stuff that went in the water. Mm. And then, and then, but mercury, which comes from, You know, different ways, they have ways of scrubbing it now and greatly reducing the amount of mercury when you burn coal. But for a long time mercury would come from the combustion of coal and it would be distributed globally evenly everywhere.


So it didn't, it didn't necessarily matter if you were, it didn't matter if you're eating a ple fish. I mean, if, if you're eating like a ous pelagic fish, which seem to be the worst, it would be like, What does a pelagic mean? Fish That live their life up at the surface. Okay. And then ones that eat fish, that eat fish, that eat fish are the worst. So picture you got like a, like a like a marlin. Right? He's eating tuna. Tuna are eating fish that are eating fish. And so they, they magnify and accumulate All the stuff in their fat that's, that's like globally distributed in the oceans. And they've slowed down mercury, they've slowed down how much mercury's going out because of the ways they scrub when they clean, when they burn coal now.


But it's just, it's stagnant in the environment, you know. Did I tell you my arsenic story? No. Well, I got my blood work done, you know, I get my blood work done pretty regularly and I went once a few years back, quite a few years back, 15 years ago at least. And my doctor said, do you have a lot of arsenic Hmm. In your blood? And I go like, someone's poisoning me. He's like, no, do you eat a lot of fish? Oh really? And I said, I eat a lot of sardines. He goes, how, how much? I go four or five cans a night. And he was like, what? He's like, what the fuck are you doing? I go, when I come, yeah. What are you doing? Well, I love sardines and when I'm, if like I come home from the comedy club when I'm hungry, it's easy to have like what I thought was like Healthy, healthy, Healthy food.


It's just sardines and olive oil. What could be bad about that? Oh My god. Yeah. Yeah. And so he said, take a few months off and then he back and let's do this again. And I took a few months off and I came back, no arsenic. Yep. I was like, oh man. He goes, it's not enough to be concerned. And he goes, but you're, you're getting arsenic in your blood from these sardines. Sure. Yeah. I, I worked with a guy at Seth and, and he, he kinda had this perfect storm where we had been in Hawaii, so we had wahoo and, and Yellowfin tuna and he fishes in Alaska, so he had all his halibut and then he is got a bunch of walleye that he catches, you know, he is big walleye fishermen that he catches locally and he wound up had like, there, there's like kinda like a long-term mercury deal and a short-term mercury deal.


But he had, he had mercury poisoning, his hands went numb and stuff. Oh yeah. You talked and then I gotta reading about it and there there's like various cases where there's this other case that's kind of interesting. This guy gets on a cruise ship, never doesn't eat fish. This guy like doesn't have fish in his diet. It was, it was a thing that was covered in the news. And he gets on the cruise, a cruise and they have all you can eat sushi thing. So he wants to get his money's worth. And so he is gorging himself on this all You can eat sushi during the course of his cruise and generates like a generates mercury poisoning, like a short term version. You know, and dudes that hang out with in Hawaii that have a, in Hawaii, they have access to a lot of big ferous fish. They'll, they'll, they'll sort of like deliberately pace themselves, you know?


Mm. Like they could live off tuna. Right. But they'll deliberately pace themselves keeping in mind the amount of that stuff you're getting in. And RFK Junior had RFK Jr on the show and on our podcast and he had had, he had had mercury poisoning. Really? Yep. From What can tuna was eating too much can tuna. Wow. Yeah. So maybe I've had, I don't know, I don't need, I would, well no, I've had my blood tested, I don't know, but, but I can't picture, the sentiment I have about is a friend of mine who fishes flathead catfish, which have, they accumulate a lot of bio, or not biotoxins, they accumulate a lot of heavy metals.


And he said, and we were talking about eating this stuff and he said, if I can eat, if I can catch and eat so many big flatheads that it kills me, I win. How's his attitude about it? Well, there's no cases of CWD getting into humans yet, right? Nope. No, but that's the big fear. Like you and I are on a text chain with Ted Nugent and he's always like trying to, I met Ted's kid last night. Which one? Rocco. Rocco. Yeah. Good kid. Yeah. You know, Ted is always trying to dismiss the concerns of CWD. He doesn't believe in it. Yeah. He thinks it's overhyped.


Well, yeah, it scares the fuck outta me. Yeah. Because it, it's a prion disease, right? Yeah. So if it jumps to people and it has jumped to like certain rodent species, isn't that correct? No. Right now it's just, it's it's servs. Oh, just servs. Servs. Yeah. There hasn't been a case of it jumping to like a mole or something like that. Well, they did, you know, when you do, I don't want to get in over my waders here, but I'd love to talk about CWD at length, but sometimes you can do a, if someone does medical research and they'll, they'll have a finding, there's a term for it. Let's say you have a finding that's alarming, but you haven't done peer review yet.


Right. But let's say I just all of a sudden made some discovery that had huge implications and people would need to become immediately aware of what I might have found out. Right? There's a term for it where you would release these, you would release these like preliminary findings, even though it hasn't been held up to academic rigor because it's of such importance. Like a lot of times you don't get to skip that step, but in cases of medical you get to skip a step and say like, Hey, hang tight. We're not All the way there yet. But look, this is kind of alarming. They had a case and, and it all corroded, but these guys had a case where they were able to in infect a reus monkey with CWD Oh.


But then it, you know, it didn't, wasn't replicable didn't hold up. But I think when things like that happen, they tend to get a ton of media, but then down the road the media doesn't follow suit. Like there's been cases where there was one not long ago where they were looking at people that had this rare form of dementia and they were kind of, they found that of these people that had this rare form of dementia, a couple of them had, were deer hunters who lived in CWD areas. Right? So they come out with a, Hey everybody, check this out. But then it winds up being that when you do a statistical analysis on it, it was, it was no different than anything else. There was no reason that, that it wasn't like they scored higher, that deer hunters scored higher or nothing.


It's just a Certain percentage of people get Dementia. Yeah. And so it's like a certain number of people eat dementia, a certain number of PE people eat venison. And statistically you're gonna have some overlap if you survey enough people. So even though they gave like a big heads up, it won't be a nothing there. But yeah, CWD it's an, it's a highly infectious disease. It was first identified in Colorado on a game, on a, on a research facility, not a game farm. It was first identified on a cvid research facility in Colorado, I believe in the early seventies. And then there's been a, there's been a, a debate like some, some people feel that it was always there and wasn't detected right.


And that we, that it wasn't like we found it the minute it came out, it was just that it would perhaps had been there and then we discovered that it was always there. But it does, it does expand its range All the time. Right? Even in the last few years we've had our first cases in Montana and you, we keep, every year we add like without fail, every year we find CWD in states where it didn't previously exist or within states that have CWD, we find CDWD in counties that didn't have it. Oftentimes you can look and it makes sense 'cause it flows, but now, and then you get these weird jumps, right?


Where, where something jumps a big moat of inactivity and then all of a sudden you get like a new hotspot and you look and be like, well, how did, if it's an infectious disease and deer aren't flying in airplanes, how did it jump? Some of the jumps, people tie it to transporting. There's A theory that is well accepted in a lot of circles would be that, that moving CS servs, moving deer and elk to penned operations has facilitated the movement of CWD What what it used to mean to be a, if, if someone was a CWD denier before it would be that they, they, they deny that it was a thing.


Like there is no disease called CWD. There's generally, it's generally accepted now that there's a disease called CWD. But, but now the debate is like, is sort of does it matter or not? Right? Our mutual friend Doug Durn is like heavily involved in, in, in CWD combating CWD trying to get more money spent to understand CWD. And they look at you, you're looking at there's two risks with CWD One risk is that ultimately it's gonna lead to like destruction of deer herds. Meaning if you get, like, it's always fatal and if infection rates get to a certain point, we're gonna lose deer, right? Like if, if it's always fatal and you have infection rates of 50 or 60% and it takes a couple years to kill 'em, like you're gonna run outta big bucks 'cause nothing can live long enough.


The other fear is that it jumps the barrier and becomes a human pathogen. Hmm. You know, so people, You know All the hunters I know like the the question we always talk about is like, do you, do you, would you eat CWD positive meat? You know? Right. Even if it doesn't jump currently. Yep. Would you take that risk? Be patient zero. Yani was recently with a guy and he's like, he's eaten, him and his family have eaten four CWD positive deer. Man, I couldn't, I I can't. I, I, like, I couldn't serve it to my kids. No. I wouldn't eat it myself either.


I can't serve it to my kids. No. I wouldn't serve. I don't, I have knowingly eat it. But here's the thing. Here's the rub. I've said this number before and people are like, that's not true. But it's true. I'm telling you, hundreds of thousands of people have eaten CWD positive. Hundreds of thousands of people have eaten CWD positive meat. I would imagine That's true. Yeah. Yeah. Over many decades. Yeah. Right. So at what point do you, at what point do you get comfortable? I don't know. It's, it's a dude, it's a tough one. Yeah, it's a tough one because it's a tough one. It can jump. It hasn't. It hasn't. But when you look at the history of these types of diseases Yeah.


Especially prion diseases like mad cow prion disease jumped people. Yeah. You know, the debate between pion and prion? No. You know, it's, you hear pronounce I used to say pion, but then I heard Heus say, prion, I wanna sound smart. Changed it. The biologist, Jim Hefflefinger. You should, that, that's, that'd be a very good guy for you to have on your show someday. The biologist, Jim Hefflefinger sent me a thing where the guy that named it, the guy that coined the term, spelled out phonetically how it's supposed to be pronounced. So then I was like, okay, I'm gonna stick with PreOn. Now if the guy that came up with it says PreOn. Oh. So that's what it is. And not prion. Okay.


Yeah. Yeah. He's like sad. He's like, well call it this and we'll pronounce it this way. Okay. So it's PreOn. It's now, I'm, now I'm trying to, I always try to remember which one it is and it's, yeah. It's PreOn. It's scary, dude. It is scary. And, and Doug, I've said this a hundred times, like before, like if I say, man, the main thing I'm worried about is people getting it. That pisses Doug off because Doug's worried about that. We're gonna lose big bucks. And people, he just, he like, he'd like, he'd know he wants to shut. Like he's, he wants to, he likes healthy deer. Right. And he, he doesn't want a disease running through his deer Herd. It hasn't jumped to cows or anything else.


No. And that's the, see, that's one area where I'm gonna get myself in trouble. Dug in all kinds of ways. 'cause that's the thing I think about is it's not that they're, I I'm not saying the ag world is complacent. Right. I'm not saying they're complacent. Like, there's a lot of interest in the agricultural community to understand CWD better. But if you look and be like, dude, a cow looks a hell of a lot more like a deer than I do. Right. I'm just gonna watch the cow, and all of a sudden these cows start getting sick, then my ass is gonna get nervous. Right. But I'm like, they're rubbing noses with these deer. Yeah. And it gets on the grass, it gets on the vegetation. Sure. And you can't kill that shit. Yeah. I remember some politician was like, wow, just cook your deer meat longer. And I was like, well, you, you, I can't remember what his, you, You can't cook deer meat to 1400 degrees, You know?


Yeah. You Have to incinerated it Or whatever, you know, whatever else it becomes. But, but yeah, cooking it isn't a thing. It can survive. That's why if you hunt, there's a lot of restrictions now on moving carcasses around. Right. So more and more states are implementing the, when you Go home, they don't want you bringing the head home. They don't want you bringing the bones home. I also fear for a time, and it'd just be terrible fear for a time where you couldn't bring anything. Like we, they really restrict movement, you know? Right. Like, it's easy to, like, it's very easy to comply with not moving bones. It's easy to comply with not moving brain matter. Like that's easy. Right. Yeah. But picture that this gets outta hand and all of a sudden it's like, you can't move venison across county lines. That's correct.


I, I don't know. Right. Like, no one's thrown this out there, but as we look at, as they look at like further and further restrictions, it's scary. And so from a guy, like from, from, from, I, I don't wanna speak for Nugent, but from his idea of, of being overblown is his idea would be, Like I said, I hate speaking for the guy. It would be that here we are making policy changes, making game management changes, making rule changes, adjusting what you can and can't do in the woods based off a thing that most people would be like, but we haven't proven there's a problem. Right. That would be his perspective on it. My perspective is, it's scary as shit.


And I, and, and as much as our government right now is trying to find a way to stop spending so much money, I support any money they can get spent on finding out if this can be a real problem or not. Yeah. Like I, that's, I, I'll find other places to get the money, but I, I'd like to channel taxpayer dollars, billions of them into making sure deer meat stays safe. Well, The thing is, is That that's my kind of pork barrel spending. There's no way to eradicate it. Right. Like you'd, there's no way to identify the deer that have it, that haven't ex exhibited symptoms and they're spreading it. Yeah. They're looking at ways to test live animals. Then there's, there's other cockamamie ideas that one would be that some deer seem to be some deer resilient.


Yeah. And so that you'd, you'd move these resilient deer into other populations to try to breed in some kind of resiliency. Which, you know, it's a wild animal, But is it ultimately resilient? 'cause like, mad cow disease has, there's an incubation period. Right. This is the, the concern. Like, I remember, That's the other thing is that we're all like me everybody, because I guarantee I've eaten CWD infected meat. The other concern is we all got it. We just don't know it yet. 'cause it takes 10 years. Yeah. My buddy. But they've been tracking these dudes that went to a fire department fundraiser. They had a hundred some people that ate a bunch of CWD infected meat at a fire department fundraiser. And they keep following up on those people and following up on those people, and they haven't got it.


But that's other Thing. How long ago was this? It was over a decade ago. Hmm. So that's the other thing is that we all got it. Like all these hunters, you know, I don't think this is true, but some people are like all these hunters, they don't know it yet. But it could be that all of a sudden in 10 years, they all start dropping like flies or develop dementia. Oh, I don't, it's such a, I really think that I don't like to see any kinda wildlife disease. Right. Of course. I do believe if you look at prevalency rates and you look at the, the fact that it's always, that it's always fatal, whether or not removing the human question to it, I do think that you will find that it'll become harder to, it'll become harder to produce big deer.


Hmm. I I worry about that. And it'd be easy to track. Just go and look at, like, go and look at Boone and Crockett entries over time from all these counties. So go to like Buffalo County, Wisconsin, like a famous giant white tail producing place. Right. They get high rates of CWD Prevalency. If you put a line on CWD Prevalency and you put a line on Boone and Crockett entries, and you're able to track this over many years, 'cause we have all this data. Do you, does it correlate? Does like CWD Prevalency drive down big bucks? Right. It's, it's like, it seems, I'm sure that some, I'm sure some mathematician out there has started to try to look at, like, if it's true, but a lot of people on the ground say that, that you do see popula population level impact from CWD.


And I'm guessing there's no way it doesn't affect participation. Meaning that people that would like to hunt and the whole, the whole promise of wild meat is you're, you, you know, you're getting like really healthy meat, right. You're able to control the food chain, but then all of a sudden you throw in this question of like, well, but it could give you a prion disease hypothetically, that's going to, that's gonna dampen people's enthusiasm about deer. And I, and I'd hate to see, we get to a point where when, when I look at a deer, I look at a deer with like great enthusiasm and love. What happens when we look at deer and we look at 'em like a disease vector? Ooh. Right. It does it become like, like do you view it like a rat or you see a rat and you like recoil.


Ooh. Like, I don't want that shit in my yard. Right. Right. They carry disease, don't they? Right. What If your dog could get it? Yeah. Like pictured down the road that it, that, that like deer, which are this like universally loved praised animal. This kind of like symbol of the American outdoorsmen becomes like a y that shit outta my yard. Oof. You know, What is, when, when Doug talks about, you know, they do a lot of testing in Wisconsin Where Doug is Yeah. A lot of testing. Yeah. What, What's the percentage that come up? Positive Man, they have, I think that on Doug's place, I think that, like last year, I don't know if they got All the results from this year, but I think last year they had close to 50% of bucks. Whoa.


Yeah. Wow. It, it's, it's, it's hovering. It's like very high. And this is fairly recent, like a decade ago they started appearing. Right? Yeah. I think that I, I think that CWD goes back maybe about a decade in his area. He's in Richland County. Richland or Richland. Is he Richland County? Yeah. Richland County, Wisconsin. Somewhere in that ballpark. And it's changed. Like I don't, you, I, when you were at Doug's place, remember at Doug's place, he used to have this, he used to have this slogan like, nice buck next year, meaning Right. You know, let deer grow, let Deer grow. And, and Doug has really changed over the years. He's changed his tune. And they, and they really want to try to, the idea generally with wildlife managers is that by lowering, you'll slow spread by lowering numbers.


Mm. Right. That if you have, you know, 40 deer per square mile, you're gonna have increased spread. And if it was 20 deer per square mile, 30 deer per square mile, you might slow the spread. But no one's demonstrated a lot of success in slowing the spread of CWD. So other hunters will look at it and be like, yeah, you're out there lowering deer numbers and so there's half as many deer on the landscape and CWD still spreads. Right. So, so there's a, you went up with this question of like, how do you justify trying to suppress deer numbers when you're not demonstrating a lot of success and slowing prevalency? And the whole thing you're afraid of is lowering deer numbers, but you're lowering deer numbers.


Right. But it's like a controlled, it's a controlled lowering to slow the spread. Right. But there hasn't been, no one has an area to, to your point, you can't go to a county, I don't think, if I'm wrong, I'm wrong by maybe one county. But I'm, I'm pretty positive I'm not wrong. And this is generally absolutely true. You can't go to a county that had infected deer that no longer has infected deer. No one's gone into a population of deer and eradicated CWD Wow. No's gotten rid, no one's gotten rid of it. That's Crazy. Yeah. Has it jumped to moose? Yeah. I think that I cvid so, so primarily at whitetail deer, mule, deer, elk, they found it.


They've had it transmit to caribou. Oh, I should know that. Because moose, It's gotta be, 'cause it's a s so there's no, there's no way it does it lower numbers. Like you know that From, not from that. Right. But I'm saying like, the thing about moose is there's slower numbers and they don't, they don't exist in like packs. Yeah. Yeah. But since it is a C disease, I should know this since it is, I'm assuming they've, they've found it in there. Mm. I can't think of examples. I can think of mule deer, whitetailed, deer, elk, caribou. Yeah. But I can't think of whether or not there's been a positive case of, of moose. And moose have a whole host of problems Right now in some areas, particularly in the lower 48, the northern, the northern states of the lower 48 between wolf depredation and, and then a tick.


Ooh. Like a, a tick is really hammering those moose right now. Yeah. Someone told me they went hunting and they got a moose And it was just covered in ticks. Yeah. Yeah. There's a problem with, in this long series of mild winters that that's, that these extreme colds that would lower these tick numbers down hasn't been happening. So you're, you're, you're having animals literally dying. Like a lot of moose literally dying from tick infestations, you know? And then Colorado's becoming like a great, oh, here's All the Found in moose in many state provinces. There You go. Alberta, Saskatchewan, Colorado, and Texas. That's moose. What Texas has moose?


No, no, no. He's S not these small areas in the panhandle in west Texas. CWD No, That's maybe, Yeah, that's CWD, but that's cock. I agree. Do they have moose in Texas? No. No. I think it's mixing up two things, But it says it there. CWD has been found. I know cw, but CWD has been found in Texas. Right. So theyre not saying moose in Texas. Yeah. Just Google. Are there moose in Texas? There Are not. I mean, everything's in Texas in some form of capacity, but No, you're way outside. No moose in Texas. Yeah. You're way outside of moose. The native range of moose. Yeah. Colorado is becoming like an unexpected, is blowing up for moose. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Colorado becomes better. I mean, they've always said moose, but like, Colorado's becoming like a premier moose state.


When did that happen? Just, they'd just been kicking ass there, You know, up in the high country. Yeah. More and more moose. It's become like a great moose state. And meanwhile, like Maine is, is really suffering as a moose state. Really? Yeah. So, you know, like Maine's whole brand promise, You know, it was like around moose and then Colorado's gonna steal it. No, ca Well, it's difficult to get a tag in Maine. Right. That's very hard. It's very hard. Right. Yeah. It's for non-resident especially. I used to apply over there, but I don't apply anymore. Now what's, what's causing the moose decline in Maine? Ticks. Oh God. Yep. Ticks Dirty little fucking things. Yep. Have you ever heard the conspiracy theory about Lyme disease? Yeah. That's a weird one, right? Yeah, It is.


Seems like there's some legitimate concern there that it might have been a bio weapon that got outta hand. Well, I think after the pandemic we just went through, I think people are more open to that idea. Yeah. I was widely dismissed by, You know, people that are a little bit more skeptical about conspiracies. But RFJ Jr, he's, he believes it. Yeah. You know, it's, it's very scary. This idea of these fucking egghead experimenting with diseases and making them more infectious for whatever reason without also developing a cure. Yeah. It is Very strange. I guess the one justification you'd have is you'd be like, well, by tinkering with it, we'll better understand it.


And if it ever happens naturally we'd be able to combat it. Yeah. How'd that work out? That didn't really work out, did it? That's prob that has to be the story you tell to yourself. I think they just make money doing research. I think if you're a researcher, you know, like if you're a carpenter, you wanna build houses, they say there's too many houses. Like, ah, come on, fucking need houses. You know, you, I'm a carpenter. I, I make houses. If you're a researcher in your field of study diseases and viruses, you wanted to study them. And if the money's involved in some sort of bizarre engineering of these things, which is what they're doing this fucking strange gain of function shit that they're doing.


Yep. You do it. And if you can't do it in America, you're like, China, okay, we'll do it over there. There was a famous buffalo hide hunter, and he had talked about during the great slaughter or the buffalo he had talked about now, and then he'd commit himself to, to stop. But say he'd wake up in the morning and off in the distance and he is like, someone else is doing it. So I think that probably with the, you know, I'm no pathologist, but as long as someone's tinkering with that shit, everybody wants to tinker with that shit. Yeah. Re Like, well, I don't know. What are they, what are they doing over there that, that I, what, what am I missing out on? Right. You know?


Yeah. If they're doing it, I wanna do it. Yeah. I don't wanna be the one that looks like a fool. Then there's research money. Let's how you get grants. Yeah. And you know what, I bet you in some ways the pandemic spawned more of that type of research. You think so? Yeah. 'cause I mean like all of also now you can make the case of how important it's to understand this stuff. Yeah. But you would also make the case like, Hey, how about you Fuck heads come up with a, a cure first. Yeah. Start with that. Yeah. Start with figuring out how to cure it. Yeah. I can see that. It's just like, there's just not a lot of trust in the medical research institutions now. No.


Yeah. There's been a, there's been an erosion of that for sure. For For a good reason. Yeah. I mean, it was a real wake up call for people. I think they like, oh, there's not someone with real objective oversight of all this. Like doing a really good job of maintaining everything. It's not, it's not a really well maintained situation. Yeah. I used to be a dude that, prior to that, I was a dude that accepted a lot of, I don't know, I accepted a lot of assurances. And then there was a definite, like many people, I mean, I'm speaking for most people in the country, man, I feel like, like many people, I gained a new skepticism. Yeah, Me Too. During the pandemic.


Yeah. I joked about it in my special about Government author, a new skepticism about some types of government authority and a new skepticism about the way health information Yes. Is Spread. Yeah. It's just one of those things where anything involving money, whenever there's an enormous amount of money involved, and then there's a centralized control of information, like where there's people that have a distribution of information. And then there's also the problem of exonerating people from any responsibility, which is what happened in the 1990s, or was it the eighties whenever they gave them, because the vaccine manufacturers were saying, listen, we can't manufacture vaccines 'cause too many people are getting injured by them.


And we're going to have so much liability that we're not gonna be able to make manufacture vaccines anymore unless you give us immunity to prosecution. Yeah. And so they gave it to them and then all of a sudden you're getting 72 vaccines. Instead you're, you're giving children hepatitis V, hepatitis B for babies, which is just fucking crazy. A sexually transmitted disease for babies. Like, what are you doing? Like why are you doing that? Well, you doing it 'cause you can. And because the more vaccines you give kids, the more money you make. And you're not responsible. You don't have to pay off anything. You don't get sued, which is just, you can't do that with these fucking corporations. They're just too evil. They, they're sociopaths. They act like sociopaths.


They lie about studies. They lie about side effects. They minimize their responsibility and they profit immensely and they continue to do so as long as they're not punished. And that's, that's the, the business that they're in. Yeah. I I I get the frustration, but I mean, at the same time, like I've been the recipient of, I've been the recipient of like remedies offered by western medicine. Remedies offered by western medicine for diseases caused by science. Yeah. You are possibly you are. Yeah. You are a Lyme disease. Yeah. Some things. Yeah. Like if you, well, no, it could take a, take a natural thing like Giardia, the, and these are, you know, I don't think anyone's arguing about that.


No, but I mean like, you get sick as shit. Oh listen, no one's. Then all of a sudden you take a pill and you're quick. Right. No one's arguing that medicine isn't amazing. Yeah. I mean, medicine's amazing. There's, but the problem with medicine is you got your scientists and your medical researchers and then you got your money people. Right. And the money people, they don't even know how to make any of this medicine. They just know to sell it. Yeah. And how do I sell it? I sell it by, you know, like, that's like rem desir where they were selling rem des vir during the, the, the covid crisis. Rem des vir is fucking horrible. What does That know That one Kidney failure. They stopped prescribing it, But Oh no, I remember that one. Fauci was selling it to everybody. You need to take mdes and everybody was dying.


That's your impersonation. It's fucking Horrible kidney failure. Yeah. That fucking creep that read that book. The Real Anthony Fauci by RFK Jr. It's a crazy book. Yeah. I have, you know, I have Seth, my buddy Seth was reading that book when we were out moose hunting, but I haven't read it. That book will change your opinion on a lot of shit. Yeah. That's a crazy book. And if it's not true, he would be sued. They would've That's good. Shit. At him point you get a cease and desist. Yeah. Well It's all documented. These guys. I mean, it's all backed up by like rock solid information. It's all like very well documented. What actually happened during the AIDS crisis, what actually happened during the Covid crisis.


It's all, it's all legitimate. Yeah. It's all easy to research. It's just scary that these people that you, you don't want to have to think about that stuff All the time. You wanna just live your life and trust and these, oh, this is the medical institution. They they're here to help us. Sure. They're here to make us feel better. Yeah. Yeah. But no, a lot of 'em are just there to make money. But I held that sentiment. Me Too. Yeah, Me Too. Till four years ago. That's a lot. Lots changed, dude. I'm Fucking super skeptical now. Yeah. I'm a lot Changed. Super skeptical of the herd mindset that people fall into whenever there's some sort of a pandemic. When then there's a high level of anxiety. A lot of people fall into this herd mindset. Yeah. And that scares the shit outta Me Too.


Because there's just a lot of people that are cowards and they're afraid to, they're afraid of public humiliation. Public, you know, public criticism. They're afraid of getting ostracized from the community if they don't follow suit like everybody else is doing. And so then they start to try to enforce it on everybody else. It's like the people that were yelling at everybody else. Where's your mask? Yeah. Put your mask on. Like, you know, there's people, I went to a restaurant the other night, the fucking guy served me, had a mask on. I'm like, I would fire this guy. I would not like You can't. Yeah. This is nonsense. You can't be wearing a fucking mask. This is crazy. I read A op-ed and the free press the other day, you know, Barry Weiss's publication And it was about when they had rolled back, they had rolled back masking laws.


I kind of forgot all about this. Like used to not be able to run around with a mask on. Yeah. 'cause of like criminal activity. Yeah. So one of these, one of these dudes that pushed a, pushed a person in front of a subway, it must have been premeditated to some degree. 'cause hood and mask. Right? Yeah. So you can't identify him on security footage. Right. And the dude that shot that healthcare insurance, CEO like masked. But you don't think anything of it. Right. So this, this person was arguing in some capacity. They were, they were arguing that we need to move back to anti masking rules. Yeah. To fight crime. Which I, you know, I get the sentiment, but I also thought like if you had at a time prior to the pandemic, if you had told me that there was restrictions on wearing a mask, You know, I would've thought I would've been surprised about that.


'cause it seems like how can you dictate to someone that you have a, like a little stage coach robber bandana on your face. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? It's like a weird, it's like a weird thing. It's like, can you really, can you really tell people that they, they, they can't wear a mask, but this person's saying you could. We did. And now that you, now that now you've granted like criminals some level of anonymity by that You can just kind of like, you're cool just to walk around. Totally obscured. Well it's also, you're, you're dealing with people that have severe anxiety. If they think that that mask is actually gonna protect them, it doesn't do jack shit. Sure. Especially if you're wearing the bandana. The bandana iss just ridiculous. Sure. But I'm not, look, oh, yeah.


But yeah. But I'm not looking to have a rational argument with mom. Just, it's just like surprise. I was like something I hadn't considered that you could have a, that you could at a, you know, make a law telling people about wearing a masks or not. Yeah. I just forgot all about that shit. Because you just didn't. But it would be if you went back six years ago and you saw a dude with a mask and a hood on. Yeah. You might be like, the hell is his problem. Yeah. Now you're like, oh, he's real scared of covid. Real Scared still to this day. I mean, someone sent me a video of this guy wears a mask every day and he's been pushing for masking. He's like, like severely mentally ill. Yeah. Well that, that is Overrun with anxiety. Yeah. Just like, like advocating for masking. We shall be masking and double masking.


And If you had a mask on and a hood on All the time, you wouldn't be just 10% less famous. You'd be 70% less famous. I got, I Got spotted a lot when I had a mask on With your mask on. Yeah. With a mask on. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of, yeah. Well, i's Short and wide, you know, I have an odd shape. Yeah. You know, I think people look Is that Joe? That burly little man? No fucking chimpanzee looking dude. Bald head. Yeah. Ball Muscley. I wear A baseball hat. Sunglasses. Oh There You go. Mask. And they're like, is that Joe Rogan? Even, even without like seeing my tattoos, like I just was getting busted. You know what it might be.


'cause you are known sitting in that seat, in that posture. And so maybe when you're in the airport you should try a different, you should try a different pose. Lean I pose. Yeah. Lean back. Because they might just be, they might be just picking you off by your seating position. Oh no. It was just walking down the street. I was getting called out. Yeah. Yeah. I was getting with sunglasses on and a baseball hat. Yep. You can be 10% less famous. Yeah. That's too late. That, that fucking chicken is flowing. The coop. Yeah. That's over. No one doing it now. I think you should stop masking. I think it should be illegal. I think it's ridiculous. In New York, they made it so that if you go into a store, you have to pull your mask down.


Oh. So that the facial recognition will work. Really? Yeah. Because they were getting so many people getting robbed. So many stores are getting robbed and you could never catch the Guys. Oh, so there is, yeah, there is a movement back To that. Yeah. I think it was the mayor was like proposing that, but they should just make it illegal to wear a fucking mask. You're a psychopath. Like it doesn't work. It doesn't work. And it's not protecting you. So what are we doing? You're just covering your face. Well, you can't cover your face. 'cause we live in polite society. We wanna make sure that people can't commit crimes wearing a fucking bank robber mask. No, this is nuts. It a little bit. You, you being like, you, you being a very libertarian dude. I dunno if you describe yourself that way. Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. I, I view like, I'm a little surprised.


I remember you, you were having a conversation with JD Vance and JD Vance made a comment about just not a serious comment, but made a comment like, you know, dude shouldn't wear skirts or some shit like that. And you're like, they should totally be able to wear skirts. Yeah. Women get to wear 'em. Why can't men? You know, it was, it was it it was all said with levity. Yeah. But I, I was a little surprised. Like I could picture you as well. I could picture you as well. Really feeling like how could you legislate Public safety thing Obscure in your face. Yeah. We Identify there's no public, there's no public safety in skirts. The guy's got weird knees. That's, I I recognize those knees anywhere. No, I mean skirts is just a, a, a choice.


I mean, if you wear shorts, why can't you wear skirts? It's crazy. Yeah. No, no, no. I get it. It's public. Yeah. A guy wants Public safety sentiment dress. What do I give a shit if a woman wants to wear a business suit? Am I mad at Ellen for wearing a business suit? You know, am I gonna be pissed off at Hannah Gaby for dressing up like a man? Like, come on. You should be able to wear whatever you wanna wear. I don't care about that. But I care about public safety. Like, you, you shouldn't be able to cover your face where you can't be identified if you commit a crime. There's, we've, we've all agreed to that. Like, that's just ridiculous. Yeah. It used to be a thing that you couldn't do. You couldn't walk into a store with a bank robber mask on. It used to be if you walk into a bank with a mask on, people would freak out. And now if you, during the pandemic, they Probably shooting, they'd probably start shooting at you.


Yeah. You walk into a bank without a mask, people get angry, put your mask on. It's like we lost our mind. But the thing is, they should have realized it very early on, that there's no science to it. And there was a doctor who pointed this out very early on in the pandemic. And we highlighted it and people were very upset at us. This doctor was talking, he was a virologist and he was saying, do you know how ridiculous this is? Let me show you. Yeah. And he used a vape. So he took a big hit of a vape. He put a mask on and he blew vape smoke through the, and he's like, the particles in vape are so much larger than these virus particles. If you're breathing through this mask, if this mask allows you to take in air, you're taking the virus.


If it allows you to blow out air, you're blowing out the virus, shut the fuck up. Yeah. This is just stupid. This is just pretending. And in the beginning I was like, okay, everybody just wants you to be a good person. You wear the mask. But it's, it's so weird because during the, the crisis we all, we did UFC fights and the UFC fights, the cornermen used to have to wear masks. So like, I'll see like highlights from like 2021 and you see like the cornermen with the mask. Like, God, I forgot about this. Yeah. So ridiculous. Every and their nose is hanging out. It's like the whole and cover your nose. Oh yeah. Okay. Like, as if it matter. Okay, this, this really works. And you couldn't walk into a store like this.


People go, that's not good enough. This is not good enough. Oh it's, I forgot my mask for sure. What do you want me to do? This is the same goddamn thing. Like, what are we doing? Can I just buy toothpaste like this? No, you can't. You have to have an actual mask. Well, what is the difference between this and a fucking bandana Zero. There's no difference. It's so stupid. I went through two years of like needing to yell at my kids All the time. 'cause you'd be traveling with your kids and they never got the stupid things on. You know, you're like hate. But then you're not, you're not even, you're not even yelling at 'em about that. They're gonna prevent 'em from, you're not saving 'em from a disease. You're saving 'em from being ostracized or yelled at by the flight attendant. So yes. You spent two years being like, put your damn mask on.


Put your mask on. I don't think it works like no one, it's not about whether it works. You just gotta do it to not get in trouble. Yeah. I had a conversation with my kids. I'm like, this does not work. Just want you to know it's not gonna make you safe or it's not gonna, they both had covid early on. Yeah. They got over it quick. So they weren't nervous about covid at all. I go, this is just for other crazy people that are riddled with anxiety. Yeah. You put this on, they feel okay. It's not gonna be forever. It's gonna be, and we're gonna look back on this and we're all gonna laugh. Yeah. And that's like, every now and then I'll go through like my closet and I'll put a jacket on that I haven't worn forever. And I reach into a pocket and I pull out a fucking stupid surgical mask. Sure. I'm like, Jesus Christ. I can't believe we went through this. Yeah. We've kind of found 'em all and got rid of them.


But I wouldn't be surprised. There's one hiding somewhere. They, It was one of the things that Sanjay Gupta brought on, brought up when I did that podcast with him. Like, you sell masks on your website. I go, what do you think I'd sell 'em? 'cause they're real. I sell 'em. 'cause people have to wear 'em. So if you want to wear 'em, wear a little JRE mask. Like, I don't sell 'em because I think they're good. Yeah. Like, shut the fuck up. I wish, I wish they were illegal to sell. How about that? I don't want, who would I make a dollar off those fucking Marks? You'd, you'd four, you'd forego the profits. Oh, under, I would pay to have them illegal. I'll, I'll give the government $10,000 a year to make masks illegal. Fuck you. You guys are fucking crazy. The whole thing was crazy. It was really weird.


It was like a psychology experiment on the whole, it was just, it was a good experiment to see like, how many people around you are bitches who would just fall in line the moment things got weird. Yeah. And it's a lot, there's a lot of people just have no ability to tolerate any discomfort, any weirdness, any uncertainty, any anxiety. They just immediately, like, there's so many people out there that have always had parents and then bosses and then you know, supervisors and people. And they're always like following rules. Always following rules. And assuming somebody has your best interest in mind and they don't Yeah, they don't. There's just humans, just a bunch of humans out there and a bunch of people that don't wanna take responsibility for this fuck up that they've created and they wanna lie and distort things and gaslight the whole population.


And then somehow or another, these people that are doing that are allowed to spend hundreds of millions and billions of dollars on advertising and on on television. And so now the television networks will never criticize them because they get all this, fuck, you know, this is like the argument about advertising for pharmaceutical drugs. You know, we're the only country other than New Zealand and the whole world that allows pharmaceutical drugs to advertise. Oh, is that right? Yeah. It's just us in New Zealand and New Zealand's far more restrictive than us. But our, the way our system is set up, all these television networks, C-N-N-N-B, C-C-B-S-A-B-C, they all rely on a giant percentage of their advertising budget comes from pharmaceutical drugs.


And don't you just love those ads? But it's not, but here's the thing, it's not to sell more drugs. It's so that those people will never criticize those Drugs. Yeah. No, I, yeah, I'm familiar with the argument. Yeah. Yeah. The ads are great. Yeah. It's like some, it'll always be some dude just kicking ass. Yeah. Having a great time. Wakes up, jogs with his buddies, kicks as all day at night. He's like, at night he's like out with this lady, You know, and he is like getting ready and it kind of ends at the end of the night. And you're like, that's something thats get lucky. You know? Yeah. It's like, ask your doctor if such and such, you're like, shit, I wanna kick ass like that old guy. And Then they read off the side effects, the side effects at the end. Suicidal thoughts, powerful diarrhea, like, oh God, anal bleeding, you know?


Oh Christ. It's a, we, we live in a weird world, man. It's a weird world. It's a, a world, you know, whenever you involve money in things, money profit, and the ability to lie, you know, you get a lot of, a lot of real shady things. It, what what frustrates me already is it's gonna be impossible to explain it. Like now I can't, it's very hard to explain the nine 11 terror attacks to my kids. Mm. You know, and I wanna be, when they make in 10 years, 20 years, whatever, when they make a docuseries on this, on the CVID 19 pandemic and the social response and the government response, like, I really wanna be in the room on the edit.


I'm be like, don't forget about, you know what I mean? Like, like the, the telling of how it happened. Yeah. Like I I I, if I, I would like to go into a time machine and go forward and, and see how it is told later. Yeah. You know, like, we'll watch now, You know, we'll watch documentary now, you know, you watch something about the Cuban Missile Crisis. Right. But you can just picture dudes that were active during the Cuban Missile Crisis or like, no. Right, right. They're gonna be, there's even a term, there's a term, it's called gel something, gel syndrome. Maybe Jamie can look it up For us. What's the term about?


It's the, it's the alpha, no, not alpha gel syndrome. Alpha Gal is the, No, it's not Alpha Gal. It's something gel. The syndrome is this. No Amnesia something gel. Gel man gel type in gel amnesia. If you don't mind, it's killing me. Gelman gelman amnesia. It's that, let's say you're, let's say you're seeing something you have a lot of subject matter expertise in. Okay. So let's say you're reading, you Joe are reading a, an someone's analysis explaining like, here's what's up with, with mixed martial arts. Okay. An outsider, an outside journalist who's assigned to do a piece and they do a piece like what's up with mixed martial arts. Right.


And you read it and what's probably the main thing you're gonna be thinking the whole time, Does this guy know what he's talking about? Yeah. And you're gonna be like that, that that's totally not right. Yeah. That's not the conversation. Right. Right. That's not what that is. Right. You missed a point, like, do you notice that everything you read, you know a lot about, let's say, let's say you read a piece of reporting and it's a reporting about the podcast industry Right. Where it came from, how it's monetized. Yeah. Mostly what you're gonna feel is that's not what that is. Right. That's incorrect. Right. Well, this form of amnesia is that you forget that. So then later you're reading an article about a thing you don't know well. Mm. Right. And you're like, you feel like you're getting the straight dope.


Right. Right. Right, right. But someone somewhere who knows the world well, is reading it and they're having the same feeling you have every time you read about something, you know, well, which is this person has no idea what they're talking about. Right. So you fall on the trap that the amnesia, you forget and you take things you're not aware of. And when you get the dope on them from someone, you're forgetting how fucked up everything is. The when, when you do know about it. Well, the hope is that with AI in these large language models is that AI will be able to distribute information objectively without that. And that is the case in a lot of situations where they haven't been, they haven't been corrected yet.


Like AI is subject to human influence, obviously. Like I'm, I'm sure if you're aware of the Google Gemini situation Yeah. The Google Gemini situation's the best one because they said, you know, create images of Nazis and they had multicultural Nazis. Right. Yeah. But if it has to analyze information about specific things just based on just what's actually available, oftentimes it will give you a very accurate assessment that you wouldn't get from a newspaper. Because the newspaper would be more, they would be more interested in adhering to whatever particular ideology they subscribe to.


Yeah. So they would flavor things through an ideology and probably gaslight you a little bit about the other side's perspective. Yeah. The, the, the hope is that in the future with large language models, and especially as they become more and more sophisticated, you're gonna be able to get an accurate objective assessment of things that doesn't have any human influence. Oh man. I don't, dude, come on. Isn't impossible. Oh, it's possible with some things, The hope or it's possible. But no, I, I don't have like Sure possible. I, I don't picture that being the case. Well there are some large language models that aren't fucked with, especially open source ones.


The problem is they're, they're essentially drawing from the entire internet. Right. So you, you would have to assess like where these large language models are getting their information from Sure. And making sure that they're, so this is the thing, you could kind of game that system by rigging these large language models to accentuate information that comes from more bias sources. You know, you could distort the information that people would Get. Yeah. And someone would be, someone would be motivated to do it. Yeah. Until they get so sophisticated that they would be able to discern that and they would be able to base it entirely on objective analysis of statistics and facts and understand what these statistics are.


I did this little, this little event last night at this place here in town called Arena Hall and the moderator of the event, it was like a q and a or you know, a chat. And he was asking me like, as a writer, as an author, what are your fears about ai? And I'm like, AI is de like in the very short term, like AI is coming for like, certain types of writing. Yeah. Like certain types of writing are gonna gonna be made obsolete by ai. Yeah. But The reason I have, the, the reason I don't worry about it as of now as a writer is like, it's always gonna be representative of, it's always gonna be representative of input.


Right. Like, like the input has to come in from people who are out digesting real experience. Right. Right. It'll get faster. You know, the point I use is if you, earlier were talking alluded to like the assassination on attempt on Trump the day before that, had you asked AI about details about it, it doesn't exist. Right. Like the whole thing gets fed in. Right. So if you, if you remain on some level of cutting edge about thought or cutting edge about analysis or cutting edge about what's going on in the world, you, you'll have to start being more careful about being like that, that your work remains at the vanguard of, of feeding into the system of newness.


Right. Yeah. And that's gonna be like a big challenge. Like a big challenge as a writer. But I remember coming up as a writer too in the old days and being super scared of the internet in general. Right. And, and I was like, man, this ain't gonna be good For a writer. Well, you know, they thought about that with the printing press, I'm sure. Yeah. I'm sure you do You know what the, the early books? Do you know what most of the early books were about? No. It was monks transcribing them, but I don't know. No. When the printing press was PR produced and they Started mathematics maybe? Nope. Hot Spot witches. Oh really? Yeah. That was a hot topic. Yeah. It Was all about witches and witchcraft. Yeah. Hot spot sorcery. No, I didn't know that. Yeah. It was a lot of bullshit.


Wow. You would think like, oh, it's just knowledge and information and finally the world's gonna know the truth. No, No, no, no. I had no idea. It Was a lot of like how to spot witches. They were the most popular books. Yeah. But I, I think that like creators Yeah. From a like a creator perspective, you got ones that, that run away from new Right. And you got ones that run toward it. Yeah. I used to be the run away from, I used to, something came out and I was like, this ain't good. What are you Now? I I guess I've like survived through enough changes in the media landscape that I, I'm not as terrified as I once was.


Right. Yeah. Like, you know, I, I always said like, the first time I heard the word podcast was in the context of your name. Right. And, and yeah. I Remember the first podcast we did. You are like, what is this? I know. I dunno what the hell It was. We were at the ice house. It was, the whole setup was ridiculous. Yeah. You had a delayed flight. I had a Delayed flight. Yeah. We started real late. You come back from something. Oh yeah. But anyhow. Yeah. I used to be like, I used to be, I used to be Yeah. Scared of incoming. Well, most people were in especially podcasts. It seemed so ridiculous. Most people thought it was stupid. Yeah. And you even said that you, you were doing them and thought it was stupid. Well, I did it 'cause I thought it was fun.


Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. And then, you know, after a while I was like, oh, this is actually like a business, you know, I remember having a conversation with you about it. I was like, you should do a podcast. Yeah. Like, there's a lot of money in this. Like it's real now. Yeah. And I, I wouldn't have done had you said it. Well it Seemed I'd been late to the game. Maybe. Yeah. Well you got on early. Yeah. Well you were such a good guest. I was like, this is like something you have to do like this. It is like, you have so many opinions on things and you're so well read. It's like a perfect place for you where there's no interruption. You can just have conversations about things. Yeah. That's like right up your alley. No, I'm glad I did. And then it it, the other thing is it, it just infuses you with, infuses you with so much knowledge. Yeah. Because like you said, you get to, you get to corner people, you want to corner.


Oh Yeah. That's the best part. Yeah. Yeah. The best part is the unintended education. Yeah. You just have conversations with so many people. And when else would you get an expert to sit down with you for three hours and put their phone aside? Yeah. And just look me in the eye. Tell me how this started. Tell me what, how do you figure that out? What is that? How'd you get involved in this? What's, what's the beginning of this? And then, You know, and it's beneficial to everybody who listens to, it's a weird new thing. You know what I, you know what I want to tell you about? 'cause it's like, this thing I'm trying to hunt down is, I recently had a guy on my podcast whose name is Randy Brown. And my brother Danny recommended it too because he works, he's a fisheries biologist in Alaska.


So he came out in the show And what, what he did is in the seventies, he, he grew up in New Mexico and always wanted to live in the woods. Okay. Like, just grew up camping in the mountains and stuff. And in the seventies he goes up to Alaska and just goes live in the bush along the Yukon. And then did it, I mean, for 15 years. For 15 years he lived in the bush in Alaska just building little cabins and lived off the land. I mean, like didn't, wasn't buying groceries, like lived off the land trap in Alaska. He tells me this story and I've been, I've been trying to put the word out about this. He, he tells me a story where I'll, I'll have to go check. I think it was in 78.


In 1978 is on the Yukon River just downstream, downstream. The Yukon from Canada. He's between Circle Alaska and Eagle Alaska on the Yukon. And him and his friends are living their lives. And all these like line cabins, they got strung up and down the river. Okay. Two guys come down the river outta Canada. So again, this is 1978. Two guys come down the river outta Canada on a homemade log raft. The, the, this guy in Randy's circle, one of his buddies, he tells this whole story on the podcast, but, but one of his buddies has a cabin down on the river. And these two guys pull in and this homemade raft they pull in for the night at this cabin, one of these individuals identifies himself as John the Baptist.


Oh boy. Okay. In the middle of the night, his companion John the Baptist companion, gets back on his raft and scoots, oh boy. And abandons, the dude abandons this guy in 1978 who came outta Canada, who identifies himself as John the Baptist. John the Baptist becomes this incredible leech on these guys that are living in the bush, eating their food, using their stuff, taking their ammunition. He lingers long enough that it becomes, that he can't really get outta that area. 'cause it freeze up on the river. And they keep telling 'em, you gotta go somewhere else.


And they say, you gotta leave here. You can go stay at one of our other cabins, don't touch our shit. He goes up to the other cabin that when they eventually go up to the other cabin, he had taken a bunch of their stuff. He'd taken some of their furs and made his own clothes. They, they booted him out and they tell him, what you gotta do is you gotta go down to the river and go up or down, wait for boat and go up or down. But he comes up with this cockamamie plan where he's gonna go to this area. They're like, you no way can you walk to that area? He takes off into the woods. Now when he does, he steals this guy we had on the podcast, Randy Brown. He steals Randy Brown snowshoe and takes off. Randy Brown gives Chase, but it was a real bad snow year.


He tracked him for about five miles and just said, ah, nevermind. It's not worth it. The next year he takes a different route and goes into the headwaters of this river where this guy had taken off with his snowshoes and he's canoeing down the river and sees his snowshoes hanging in a tree. Okay. And there's a little cabin there, a little line cabin they had out. And he goes in and here's the guy stoned dead starved to death in a sleeping bag. Whoa. Snowshoes are hanging outside, starved to death. Starve to death. He said, he's nothing but skin and bones. Wow. Nothing but skin and bones. They take him out and they're way out in the bush. They have no money. They just live off land. Like they, they literally, he literally has no money. He's got no way to transport a body in the summertime to like eagle or circle Alaska.


Does he have a responsibility to do that? Is in, is in the seventies, man. He, he did like, he explains himself. He explains himself and did well he didn't, he laid the, they took the body outta the sleeping bag. They wanted to check it out. He said it was just skin on bone. Wow. And it brought up some, 'cause I'm gonna talk about cannibalism in a minute, but it was skin on bone and he doesn't know what to do and he's not bashful about what he did. He lays out like why he had to do what he did and they kept the sleeping bag to use it. 'cause it was their sleeping bag. And they laid this body out on the tundra, told a few people, but they didn't really know what to tell.


They didn't, never caught the guy's name told too few people, a while later he goes back and the body has was gone, presumably been eaten by something. So after we do this interview, I can't stop thinking about this dude. And I'm like, how can it not be that someone out in the world, like someone has a kid or a brother or a uncle. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. And they never know what happened to him. Yeah. There's no, you know, but He's from Canada. Yeah. It's the 1970s. Seventies calling himself John the Baptist. I ki Yeah, they do. And I, but I kind of felt like doing, like, I kind of felt, and I, I put it out on social media. We talk on the podcast. I'm bringing it up here.


Like, dude, if, like, I would love to know that someone said like, oh, I used to party with a dude named John the Baptist In Canada. Right. Yeah. Who is this guy? Maybe this will do it. I don't know. Maybe you talking about it like someone will reach out. Yeah. But then you gotta wonder if someone's just fabricating it. 'cause they want information. No, for sure. Or they want attention rather. For sure. Yeah. It's, it kind of sticks in my head. And I, and I, and I said to him, to Randy, You know, he, what's crazy is he, he wound up getting an honorary doctorate. And like, once him and his wife had kids, he became like a world's expert on whitefish species of the Yukon River and got like an honorary doctorate. Oh wow. Yeah. He is like a leading authority on certain whitefish species in the Yukon. This dude lived in the bush like that all that time.


Wow. But I told him, I, I, he says, man, I thought about it a lot. You know, I thought he goes, maybe you'll, maybe you'll figure it out. I thought about it All the time for a while. What happened? I asked my brother Danny. I'm like, when I have this guy on the podcast, what should I ask him about? And he goes, ask him about the guy he found. So he gives me this book. He gives me this book, and it's called Death in the Bare Ground. Okay. And it was this, he, he's got a he, Randy used the term starved out. And you can tell that All the time he spent living in the bush, like starving. Your death is very much on his mind. Like him and his buddies even made a, a sort of pact, right? To like, Hey man, like if it comes down to it, don't hesitate to eat my body.


You know, which, which you should. He gets to this book, death in the Barren Ground. It's about these guys in the twenties, these three dudes in the twenties that go up on this Theon River, which flows into the Hudson Bay. Then they go up in the, they're kind of north of the tree line, but they're in a timbered grove. And they go up there to trap for the winter. And their whole plan is to live off caribou. But the caribou never come through. And the youngest one keeps this meticulous journal. In this book. He keeps this meticulous journal, and he documents with painstaking detail, the two people he is with starving to death and himself eventually starving to death.


He lets off at a point, it's unclear when he died, he had the wherewithal to put the journal in the stove and to make a sign that said, look in the stove. And when they found him a couple years later, they were able to find this journal. But it got so bad that they're like crushing animal bone, which is, which is a thing that's not, I'm gonna talk about this with this Donner party deal I was working on, is these guys are crushing animal bone and boiling it to, to get some kind of nutritive value out of crushed animal bone. And they're eating animal hide. Okay. Like, you scrape away the hair and you can boil animal skins and, and eat 'em. I've done that. And it just makes like a gel kind of tasteless like leather noodle basically.


And what he's documenting as they're dying from this is the horrible bowel obstruction. Ooh. And they're trying to make, like in his journal, he's describing this, of trying to make these, these enema devices, oh. And even for a while on each other, trying to perform like an operation on each other, each other. 'cause that bone fragment that they're, they're boiling that bone fragment and drinking it. But that bone fragment in their bowel is like reforming Oh God, Into bone plugs. And even when they find these guys years later, a guy from the Canadian Mount of Police is like doing this very, you know, like a, basically a crime scene description of what went on in here and still laying there a couple years later is a plate full of like solidified excrement.


Oh God. Everything else rotted away. These guys are just skeletons. But that like bone shit. Yeah. And you look at, like, you and I, I just finished this book the other day. And so you look and be like, oh, they're starving death, starving death. But like when you starving death, all their stuff is actually going on. And it like that had to have been fatal. And we were working on, you know, Mo who's been on the show, we've been working on this project, which I'm, you know, wanting to plug. But we did an episode on the Donner party who died up in the mountains in California. And the Donner Party, in addition to the cannibalism, theyre famous for it. It was so crazy.


'cause before I read that book, we're hearing all about that the members of the Donna party were eating the crushed bone and eating the boiled hides. Oh. And the other thing is, all those hair follicles would form into dense balls that would like plug your rectum. And he's just ascribing all this as a die. It's horrible. But that dude, Randy Brown gave me that book. 'cause you could tell that in his mind, man, like, like starving out. Like it stuck with him, You know? And he's walking around handing out a book about starving to death in the Arctic, you know, because he knew it well. But that was like, in that same thing, like Donner party being like known for the cannibalism and all that, is all those people dying, probably like a lot of the same thing.


Eating that hide and hair and crushed bone. Yeah. Just miserable. People have a very delusional perspective when it comes to like, surviving, living off the land. Oh. How, how difficult it would be. Oh, in, in talking to him, when he talked about that guy that struck off, like this is after a long time he spent in the bush, he talked about the guy that struck off and the guy struck off with a 22 pistol. And Randy's like, you cannot, in that environment, you cannot survive with a 22 pistol. Like he just knows it categorically, you cannot survive with a 22 pistol. And the dude didn't. Yeah. How could you, Yeah, he, well, you people would probably think that they're such a badass.


They would, but he think you Won't. How many bows do you have? I don't know. I don't know how many he had, but he said, you won't, you won't make it. And he made a point that 22 pistol, when they found that body, that 22 pistols hanging on a peg, Hanging On a peg inside the cabin where he found them. I Mean, there's no way you'd have enough ammunition, even with a pistol. You're limited in your range. You're limited in your accuracy. No, they did everything with two 40 threes in, in those years that he did that. And they would load like variable loads. Why variable loads? He'd make light loads and heavy loads. Oh, okay. For different animals. Yeah. They'd make little grouse loads and shit, and they'd load their big game bullets, you know. Wow. All the 2 43 hunting moose with the 2 43 caribou, the 2 43.


Where's he getting All the gunpowder? Where's he getting, They were loading their own stuff. Wow. So you'd have to go somewhere to get resupply. Yeah, they would, they had a camp reload, one of their camps. They had a reloading station. The the various guys live in the bush would kind of come in there and use that reloading station. And that John the Baptist dude looted that reloading station. Yeah. You gotta kill those guys. Those guys who cause you to start to death. Yeah. If you're in that kind of an environment and someone's a mooch. No, but you know what's weird is about it that I can, that someone pointed out to me later, I think John the Baptist, like John the Baptist from the Bible, I think John the Baptist starved to death. Really? So that's like a little bit of a confusion is Yeah.


How would that be? Is that real? Yeah. There's this dude, there's this kid I probably, I might have told you about him. This, this French kid, Etan Brule that the French brought over. And like he's known as Etan Brule and the French brought him over during the colonial era and, and gave 'em to the tribes. So he'd learn their language and eventually he gets crossways with the Huron Indians. And the Huron Indians killed them and allegedly ate him. So everybody knows him as Etan Brule, but which is burnt. Right. But did he get the name after or before? Like, What was it a self-fulfilling pro? Yeah. Like, like, so you're like, Muhammad, did he just happen?


Like he presumably got burned to death. Right. Or boiled or whatever, you know. So it's like, is he et Ian Brule because of what happened to him? Or was he running around with that moniker and then like, lo and behold, so the John the Baptist thing is baffling to me. Did John de Baptist in the Bible? I'm not familiar. I did. He definitely, I feel like starved. Can you find No, people keep telling me he That beheaded. Yeah. Oh, he was Beheaded. Oh, he didn't starve. The Word on the streets is beheaded in prison. The word on the streets. When someone was, someone sent me this big passage talking about his emaciated state. I'll look that up. Maybe he was emaciated before they cut his head off. Yeah. Don't worry about it. Maybe they were saving him from a fate worse than death. You Can I talk about my project? Sure, please do. Yeah. Well, I'm working out with Mo who's been in, you know, I been on the show before.


Yeah. Mo and I, we did the very early me eaters together. You, you probably met him that way right? Originally. Yeah, I met him that way. And then when he did Bourdain show. Yep. So we did very early me eaters together and we've always kept in touch. And he went on and did all that, you know, crazy stuff with Bourdain and got heavily involved in that. And then after Bourdain's death, there was this kind of, I don't know, man, almost like this like exodus of talent. Like all these people that worked on that great show, you know, and they went on to do other stuff and, and then Mo and I got joined up on this and we've worked on Moses's showrunner on it, and we've worked on it together.


And it's coming out January 28th. And it's a show on history channel where we look at outdoor mysteries. So I brought up that we did an episode on Donner Party, and you might ask what's the mystery about the Donner Party? But it's kinda like what happened? Could it have gone differently? Like what mistakes were made? And most of these mysteries that we do are things that I have that most people have some awareness around. Right? Like you, you've heard, you've at least heard of it. And I think that people think about the Donner Party, for instance. Just take an example. You make people make, when they're making a joke about cannibalism, you'd be like, oh, Don our party. You know what I mean? Like, people don't realize what happened there. But, and, and going to that place, I think I never realized about it that, that there was 90 people that got stranded in the Sierra Nevada that winter, 1846 to 1847, a thing that you never ever realize.


And that changes everything I've ever thought about it. Half of those, more than half of those were kids. Oh my God. Yeah. You don't think about it that way, right? It's mostly children. Oh. And you get into all this wild stuff about it. Like you're trying to keep your kids alive. Yeah. Right. So there's this sort of, like earlier I said, well, I'll talk, You know, touch on cannibalism. I was talking about Randy Brown making that cannibalism pact, you're trying to keep your kids alive. And the kids, by and large, the kids survived. The kids survived at a much higher rate than adults. And out of adults that survived, parents did better.


Parents were more likely to survive. They, when they sent a little subgroup off to try to go get help, a lot of the people died on the way of trying to get help. Parents lived. Parents who had kids back at the main camp survived. So it's this whole weird thing about like the psychology of why keep going on. Yeah. You know what I mean? And then like, you think about it from that angle, like if your kids were faced with starving to death, you would absolutely feed your kids human meat. Yeah, A hundred percent. Yeah. Right? So you look at it like this American Horror story, but in the end, like all those 90 people, like half lived, you know, half of 'em survived and they just, they did, they always did.


Just like what they needed to, to live, you know? But then there's this, those families still carried a stigma Of course, You know, forever. It's ter like, it's terrible stigma. But like getting into that, like getting into that story and starting to realize that, and then following that up with reading that book about like the pain and anguish of, of starving to death. Like you wind up, like having just more, I wound up with a lot more empathy and just, you know, but you always kinda wanna honor those people rather than condemn 'em as like these, like, like I said, it's like an American horror story. You can't condemn 'em. No. We would all have done the exact same thing to, to condemn them is just so that it's, it's a horrible way to look at it.


It's a survival story. I mean, human beings will like, it's like those soccer players that got Yeah. In the plane crash. Or do you know the story of the two boats that tried to make their way across the Arctic? It was like, was it was The Terror and another boat. There's a Netflix series About it. I do you know what you're talking about? Yeah. But The Netflix series is like a horror series. They bring in like a mystical monster and stuff and got it. And the people all Resort to cannibalism, but they tried to make it across this path and they got frozen in, in their boats and they were waiting in the spring for the, the ice to thaw and it never thaw.


And they got stuck there and then they tried to walk out and, and make it to the, to the ocean. And they never made it. And Yeah. But, And there was, they wound up having to do cannibalism. Oh yeah. Yeah. And, and the Donner party, they would at times, in, in some of these cases, they had a little system where you would not, where you would keep the carcasses separate so that people didn't have to eat their own kin, eat their own relatives. They mostly ate people that died of natural causes. But at the time there was no prohibition, there was no legal prohibition on killing Indians. They had two Indian guides with them and a guy murdered them. Wow. They murdered them to eat 'em and never faced any repercussions for it.


It, it was more illegal. It was more illegal to kill someone's cow than it was to kill two native Americans. Wow. Yeah. He just walked. Everybody knew he did it. Never faced any repercussions for it. Murdered two people to eat him. Other than that they were eating people that were already there. Jesus. When we were up there filming and Donner Pass, we, we met these people and they were saying that these guys were doing this thing about places named with Christmas names. And he had thought Donner, they thought Like Donner and Blitzen. Oh God. Oh wow. That the funniest man. That's crazy. Yeah. So I spent a ton, like, I spent, you know, two months, two months traveling mo maybe a little over two months traveling about working on this whole thing.


It's been fun though, man. You know. So what is the name of the show? It's called Hunting History. Oh Yeah. It's not a hunting show. Hunting history. There it is. Hunting History on history. Me on Arrow playing History Channel. That one, that episode. Oh, it's like a whole little trailer. So what is the, the idea of the show? It's like outdoor wilderness mysteries. Outdoor mysteries. And it, we do some things that are decades old. We do some things that are centuries old. When I was, for instance, when I was growing up in the Great Lakes region, there's a, the, the first ship they ever built on the Great Lakes was called the Griffin. And no one's ever found that ship, that ship went missing in the Great Lakes. And people are still trying to hunt for that ship.


It's kinda like, you know, it's regarded as the holy grail of Great Lake shipwrecks. There's still people actively searching for it. We do one on Donner party, what's in The ship that they're trying to get. It would be gone now. It was full of beaver pelts. It was full of about like six tons of beaver pelts. Wow. And there's all these different theories about that. These crew muti need whatever. But there's a guy, this dude named Steve Lebert, who came out of, who came out of like naval intelligence. The naval intelligence world. And this guy named Steve Lebert is the latest, has the latest claim of having found the Griffin. So I went and dove, I went and dove that, that site to check out his claim of having identified this ship.


Yeah. Yeah. I don't think he's got it. No, no. What Do you think it's, what do you think he found There are, it, it kind of blows your mind when you think about the Great Lakes. There are literally thousands of missing ships and then there are many, many ships that are there, but no one knows what they are. Mm. And I, I think he's got, I think he's found a very old ship, but I don't think he's found the Griffin 6,000 and 10,000 shipwrecks. Wow. Yeah. Wow. The burden of the, the burden of proof on finding that Griffin is, is hard. So this dude named you, you, you've heard of the guy Laal Laal? No. He wound up dying down in his neck of the woods.


He built the first ship and he, he got above Niagara Falls and built a big ship and built the first ship that ever sailed the Upper Great Lakes. So he went all through the Upper Great Lakes, went to Green Bay, filled it full of beaver hides to get himself outta debt. Sends all those beaver hides back down to Niagara, but they go missing along the way. He makes his way down. He winds up being the first European to descend the Mississippi to the mouth. And then later he gets into like a, a mutiny of sorts down in lower Mississippi. Gets into mutiny of sorts. One of his guys shoots and kills him. Just kind of this whole just run of shitty luck.


But he lost his ship. So there's all this different evidence of, of pointing to where this ship might lie. But it's almost certainly like, it's somewhere. It's somewhere, you know, 'cause stuff lasts so long, like in that fresh water stuff lasts so long. You'll go look, you'll go dive down and look at ships that are a hundred years old. 200 years old. Looks like you can refurbished things. Really, You know, stuff. The ones get broke up by ice. Yeah. So that ship's laying around. Wow. I'd like to tell you we found it. Well God, I hung out with a bunch of dudes that are looking for it. The lakes are so big. Yeah. I hung out with dudes that are looking for it. And now people are getting really good at it. 'cause All the sophisticated sonar, that's why they're finding all this crazy shit.


I don't think people understand how big the Great Lakes are. No, they're literally like oceans. No, they're so big. Especially when you add 'em all together, You know? Yeah. And places pretty deep. But yeah, they're littered with stuff, man. And dudes like, there's just, there's just common dudes now that can buy really sophisticated sonar and underwater cameras and people are just finding stuff like mad. Oh, now there's more sophisticated technology. Yeah. Because you, you can just cruise around. You can just cut grids on sonars. So you got dudes that are out there just identifying wreck after wreck after wreck. Right now you are the first person. That's why there's a lot of enthusiasm that someone's gonna turn this boat up. But it has these big cannons that should have these big French built cannons. And until someone finds the cannons, no one's gonna buy. What you're saying Canons.


Yeah. They, yeah. Sal brought cannons from Europe, mound them on the boat. So like to, in case someone was trying to, He was, he was raid pirates. Did they have pirates back then? They did, but also they just would, you know, try to intimidate Native American tribes And you know, they'd get 'em into the fur trade. But also there's like rogue people. And you're also, at that time, the French are duking it out with English, had a big toe hold up in Hudson Bay. So you got the English there, you got the Spanish to the South. Just a ton of conflict. And people still trying to duke it out over who's gonna control the Great Lakes. Wow. So there's this argument too, which is crazy. Like picture, we had a say picture of, we had a naval vessel that sank off France. Right Now it's not France's. It's not France's boat.


Right, right. Because we have all these agreements in place, it's like our boat. So they would have to hand it over to us, is flying under our flag. It's, it remains our vessel. There's this argument that Sal's ship was flying under a French flag. Whoever finds that ship, there's an argument that the French would be able to claim that ship. So even if some dude, like some freelancer was to find it and find those cannons and shit and finds this ship, there's an argument that the French could say, we'll take it from here, son. Whoa. Yeah. Flying under our flag and our international treaties mean that that's our boat. Hmm. Which would decentivize me and wanting to find it. Yeah. Like fuck that. Imagine you go through all that Work.


Yeah. They do it for glory, Gold wrecks, like shipwrecks and people like hunting for those things. That's a fascinating world. It is, man. That's a 'cause if you get lucky and if you find one that's filled with like Roman coins. Yeah. Like you, we were talking about billions of dollars. Yeah. Lot, lot of money to be made. Yeah. We were do, we were gonna do our last episode when we went and did the Donner party, what we were supposed to be doing is we were supposed to be hanging out with guys that are still this whole fleet of Spanish vessels that went down off the east coast of Florida. So the, the Atlantic side of Florida. We were gonna go down with these guys that are still fighting over and finding all this stuff from all these sunken ships.


But then the, the hurricane, like, I mean like passed right over it. So we didn't get to go do that. We didn't go do that show. We did one about that. That centered, that that wound up becoming mostly a story that centered around in the seventies, there's this aircraft that was carrying the speaker of the house. So do you remember, was it ne is it Nina? No. Hey, Jamie. I, I, I I I hate to be treating you like a research assistant here. Hale KY Roberts. That's who it was. You know, you know the journalist Koki Roberts from like NPR and shit? Okay. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Kki Roberts father was this guy. Hail Boggs. Okay.


Hail Boggs was a Democrat and he was a speaker of the house in the seventies. And Alaska had, at that time, only one Alaska had a sole congressman. There was an airplane that had baggage. Their sole congressman, the speaker of the house, an assistant in a pilot that went down in Alaska in the seventies, still no one's found that plane, speaker of the house. Like imagine that happened now, you know what I mean? Yeah. 1972. Yeah. But it, it makes sense in the Alaska. Oh, it, it does. But then you get into the huge number of all these missing aircraft and like all that search centered around this glacier that it would've been that it would've been swallowed by a glacier.


And we went to this other site where this military transport plane years ago did go down in a glacier and the glacier swallowed it. And I think it was like, You know, I don't know, 20 some years later that glacier started to spit that plane out at the toe of the glacier. Like it carried it, I don't know what it's 13 miles Whoa. Under the ice. And then started to spit out human remains and plane parts. Wow. Every spring the military goes to the foot of that glacier. Every spring they go there, or sorry, every summer they go to the toe of that glacier and they're still identifying, they're still identifying human remains that are moving outta that thing miles away from where that plane burrowed into that glacier.


Wow. Yeah. We went right there. 1952. Yeah. Wow. Look at that, that wheel. Yep. And on top of that glacier we had got there after the, we flew over it in a helicopter. They don't want you landing there. But on top of that glaciers all this orange paint, orange paint spots, they weren't working there anymore. But You can, you can tell they were in there marking everything that you can see coming outta that as that glacier recedes. Wow. And they're marking all those pieces. So this, this other glacier where like most of that search focused for that baggage bogs flight focused on this one glacier. But if you do the math on that glacier had it gone into that glacier where they had spent a ton of time looking at like, into a cva in that glacier.


Had it gone into that glacier, the glacier would've spit it out by now. 'cause you can kind of track how much a glacier moves every year. So now it's kind of the idea that it was in that glacier's been kind of put to rest. Well, here's dude searching that one. Oh. While you could see as you move how far it travels. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. So we went there and we went down into some of those crevasses like that too. Do you, you climb down into one of those Things. Yeah. Which is scary as shit. Fuck that. Because That stuff is alive, man. It's moving. I mean, not like literally alive, but it's like, but it's moving. It's like groaning and moving. Oh yeah. We went down back, back down to one of those. What does it sound like? You know, it was pretty quiet that day.


It was actually more peaceful there because You know how much that all that cold air from that ice generates so much wind. We, we land as helicopter there and the wind's howling. And I don't know much about aviation. I mean, I, I use it a lot, but the wind's so bad. I was asking the guy, at what point do you risk that your helicopter's gonna blow off the glacier? And a couple minutes later, he's very experienced pilot. But a couple minutes later he winds up tethering down his helicopter. 'cause he is like, now you're like, fuck it with my head. So he tethers down his helicopter on these ice screws, You know, to like, make sure the, the, the helicopter doesn't slide and go down into a cva.


And then you, you know, I just, I was with a very experienced ice climber, but harness us up and pick your way down. But anyways, it's like def it's like so loud and you hear a lot of that, you know, the noise of all that ice moving 'cause it's moving all those rocks and everything. It just gr it pulverizes stuff as you see with that, that aircraft. Yeah. But when you drop down in that, when you drop down in that CVAs and go down that sucker, it gets like unbelievably calm. Real calm. How far did you go down? Oh shit. Not that far. Probably 30 feet. That's far enough. Oh, it's far enough for sure. It's unnerving. It's unnerving. That's unn for me, just hearing. But I remember telling you about your, like your, you know that, that, that chamber you like to go into?


Yeah. Yeah. It's not quite like that, but it's like you just all of a sudden are like, whew. But you're all also in there just thinking like how you just, how you could get Smushed. Oh, just obliterated. Yeah. You know, there's stories. I was hunting with this dude years ago and he used to, he used to be involved with Outward Bound and they were doing a glacier hike. A guide was doing a glacier hike. And they had a kid, like a student, I think it was Outward Bound. They had a student Gopuff to take a piss and into one of those things. Never found. 'cause there's big rivers flowing underneath that stuff. Oh god. Right? So picture you like, oh God, you go down. Oh god. So you're down there, you can hear water running everywhere.


You can hear rivers underneath you. Oh. Inside that. But you're, you're roped up, You know. Oh. But even the rope you're on, you're just screwing screws into the ice. Oh. And then at a certain air temperature, right. Like, it, it, the screw conducts heat, you know. So at a certain air temperature, like if you drive that screw in and that screw is condu is pushing heat, it'll melt the ice around the threads. So you'll actually like drill these big holes into the glacier. Like a v picture on picture. You're coming in like the a v and the two upper parts of the V are like 30 inches apart. And you drill at a 45 degree angle until those holes meet.


Then you snake a rope down one hole and get it snaked out the other hole. And then tie a knot in that. And that's what's holding you. Oh, fuck that. Because if you put that screw in there at a certain temperature, the the threads of the screw are moving. Like solar heat and atmospheric heat down the threads, it can melt the thread out. Oh, so you're, you're just, you're tied in on a little like Yeah. You're, you're, you're like tied. He was hoping it holds on Onto a hunk of the ice. He backed down into those suckers doing, it's like it's a ass pucker. Well, that's how they found the ice man. Right? He was in a crevasse. Was he in a cva? Wasn't he? I think he fell into a, a glacial cva.


Oh shit. I don't Remember that. I think as the glacier melted, that's how they found his body. Oh, I know they found him on a melted glacier, but I didn't know that he was, it was, I didn't know it was supposed that he fell into a casse. I'm not sure. But I think that was the story that they feel like he fell like he was involved in some sort of mortal combat with someone. Yep. Got shot with an arrow. Yeah. He was all tore up. Yeah. Well they made a movie about his last days. Did they? A fictional movie. Really? I haven't watched. Yeah. It's a European fictional movie. Did you ever see the movie? And it sort of sets up the whole circumstance, right? I haven't seen it yet, but it sets up the whole circumstance. There's a really dumb movie. Ozy was his name. Yeah. Ozy. Yeah. They named him, I'm sure that wasn't his real name. No, he's my fucking name tattoo.


He had a tattoo On his shoulder. That was his wife. He had tattoos. Yeah, He did have tattoos, which was just really wild. It was thousands of years ago. Right. There was a really dumb movie about an iceman that I think it was like the 1980s, I think it's called Iceman. No, I remember that. They, they re they bring a guy back to Life. Yeah. And then the wife falls in love with him and fucking loves Off that. Oh shit. I didn't know that happens, man. Yeah. That happens In there. So dumb. Yeah. The the, yeah, the iceman takes a liking to this guy's wife. Oh, That's the plot. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I thought it was more like a e plot. No, no, no. Like they, they, they resuscitate him and then the scientists wanted to get at him. Is This it? Yeah. That's who he starts getting with. Is this the, the same one? Yeah. The guy gets back to life and I think he falls in love with the lady.


They, he like, he's hanging out with people and then, you know, the ice man, that's her. Yeah. I think he winds up falling in love with her and the scientist gets real mad. That's the plot of Encino, man. I just like that. Yes. It's, is that what this is? Is falling short. Brenda and Frazier, we made it. Yeah. They thaw him out and he's okay. Which is fucking hilarious in and of itself. The other night we were watching, watching these old movies like this the other night we were watching Timothy Hutton Temple Of Indiana Jones and Temple of Doom. And you know, the, the love interest, like the, the indie's love interest in that movie.


I can't remember what her name is. But anyways, we're watching it with our, with our youngest kid and who really wanted to watch Indie Indiana Jones movie. And my wife's like, man, you just can't have teeth like that anymore in the movies. What do you mean the love interest? You know, like, you, you forget like how perfect like oral processes have made everybody's teeth. Oh. And so here's like this woman who's like, job is like, you know, she's like the hot woman in the movie that everyone want, that everyone's gonna fall in love with. And you look and you're like, you're like, yeah, you're right. Like teeth are so perfect on everybody now. You know? And you're looking at an old movie and you're like, oh, that was before they were able to do all that.


Right. That's funny. We watched, We watched that stupid show on New Year's Eve, you know, that ball dropping thing. Yeah. And just, you know, every single person even kind of involved in that whole production has those teeth. Yeah. You know? Well most of those teeth are fake now. Oh no. That's what I'm saying, man. Like, but absurdly. So, you know, And it was just really funny to look at that and it'd be like, you're right. Like, there's something that looks like you can't put your finger around. It's like the, the, the, the heroin absent perfect teeth. Right. Do you remember Lauren Hu had that gap between her teeth? It was Kind of hot. Yeah. Yeah. It was like part of her, her charm. She had this gap. Yeah.


Nowadays you'd feel some pressure to go tighten that up. Yeah. You know, Probably they put some shit on your teeth and tighten It up. You wanna be in the big movies. You gotta tighten that Up. Tighten it up. It's funny you were talking about the Beaver pelts because you were the first person to explain to me like the richest man in the world. At one point in time his business was Beaver Pelts. Yeah. It was America's first homegrown millionaire. John Jacob bastard. That Is so crazy. Yeah. So he was a German. He came over as a young kid. He didn't have, you know, broke penniless, asked her, comes over just an, an immigrant right. Comes to the us He's trying to figure out a way to make his, to, to, to make his way in America.


And in New York, he meets a guy in the fur business like a furrier. And the guy says, A lot of money be made in, in furs. And and that was like, that was the commodity for North America. When you look at All the English powers coming, or All the European powers coming to establish colonies, you know, it's known like the Spanish come in and they get like all that Aztec gold, all that ink and gold, other European powers were like jealous about the wealth. Spain was pulling out in mineral wealth. And they always thought that in, in our area up in what's now the continental us, you know, eventually gold did come out, but they were sort of like, primarily like, we need our own gold fields.


But what emerged was the, was fur. You know, fur was our thing. Fur was like the thing of value. So Astor became a fur trader And, you know, helped launch these fur trapping expeditions. What? And became involved in what we now call the mountain man area. Like when you hear the term mountain men, the mountain man era. So we, in my, in my sort of other job outside of doing my history channel show, like we do audio originals and we did one on the deer skin trade called the Long Hunters. And it was about Daniel Boone 1770s in the deer skin trade. And right now we're coming out with one called Meat eaters, American history, The Mountain Men.


And it covers that like John Jacob Astor era of the Beaver trade And what all those dudes. So when you hear about Jim Bridger, John Coulter, Jed Smith, what they were producing, they were producing a material that would be used to make felt hats. Like that's what that was all about. Wow. Rather than you'd think if all and when, when they would trap a beaver. So, you know, the remnant, I Mean fucking beavers were around back then A lot. You know, more, more. Even though we've recovered 'em really successfully, there were far more beavers back then than there are now. But you can, what's The estimated population of beavers back then?


People Invaded in the tens of millions. Wow. You Know, what are they now? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. No, I do know. 'cause I looked at it the other day, but I forgot what it is. I forgot what it is. It it is a, they're very recovered across a big part of the range, but nowhere near what it was at the time. You know, the, the, the, the whole continent was shaped by beavers. Like they, they manipulate their landscape more than anything besides humans. Right. But people had always whittled away at him. You know, like earlier I mentioned Daniel Boone, like his primary job was a deer skin. He was in the deer skin trade. And what they were using for back then, You know what, you see really old pictures of like kings and shit.


And they got those kind of white pants on. It's probably a buck skin pan. Right. So our whole term with like, when we say a buck, something's worth a buck. Right. That's about the equivalent value of a deer skin. Right. So, You know, that's where that term came from. Those guys at the same time, they would hunt deer skins in the summer 'cause they wanted 'em real thin. And then they would switch and they would hunt beaver pelts in the winter to, for wolf el to create wolf el. But we kind of gradually extricated like wiped out beaver numbers. And then when you get to 1804 and the Lewis and Clark Expedition, Lewis and Clark push into the interior, into, into the Northern Rockies and around the headwaters of the Missouri.


And when they come back to St. Louis, like one of the things they report on is like, holy shit. Like we found the, the, the, the last great stronghold of the beaver is in the Rockies. And that's what pushed this whole mountain man era. So when you watch the renan, like Hugh Glass, you know, getting mauled by the grizzly. Yeah. Those guys were all like, their thing was, they were beaver trappers. And earlier I mentioned the English up around Hudson Bay. So you're familiar with this thing called the Hudson Bay Company from, from history. Yes. It was like a fur trading enterprise. The Hudson Bay Company in the English always had this model of the fur trade where they would build posts and then incentivize Indians to hunt fur or trap fur.


They didn't trap like the, the, the English weren't themselves trappers, the English were traders. And they would incentivize tribes to go trap and bring them the furs and the Rockies. That didn't work. They couldn't get these nomadic equestrian bison, hunters with the program. They, they thought it was, you know, by and large the sentiment was it's beneath us. We're not gonna give up our whole life way. Everything we need comes from the buffalo. We live in big family groups. We follow the herds. Like I don't, I'm not gonna go trap beaver for you. It's of no interest to me. So then they're like, well shit, how are we gonna get the beaver? And so they start hiring dudes, they start hiring orphans and people that, that, that were under indentured servitude and ran away whatever.


They hired these big groups of Americans out of the colonies, the former colonies. 'cause at the time of the United States, they hired these guys and say, you're gonna go out and live for years at a time in the Rockies and trap beaver. And here's where to meet us on such and such date every year. So go to this valley. Right? Wow. Go to Jackson Hole or, or go to Daniel Wyoming or Bear Valley, wherever, and we'll meet you in June and you bring All the shit you caught and we'll give you some more equipment. And like, that was the mountain man era, all that stuff. When they caught those beavers, there's no need. They didn't want the meat. They could eat the meat, but there's no valley in the meat. The hide. They don't even want the leather from the hide that was thrown away.


They don't want the main guard hairs. Like, so if you look at a pelt, you got these silky long guard hairs, and then there's a under wool underneath it. They don't want the silky long guard hair. All they're after is the under fur on the hide to line hats. But there to, to make felt. But there was so much, there was so much conning and scamming of people taking shit that wasn't beaver wool and trying to pass it off as beaver wool. You had to ship the whole hide to Europe so they could confirm that it was in fact a beaver hide at which they would hire people to pick the guard hair off, shave that under wool off, throw the guard hair away, throw the leather away, take that under wool and turn it into a felt to make a ca a hat.


Wow. Like an ebenezer scrooge top hat. That's what that shit was about. Wow. So when this dude, when al you know, comes over and, and builds the Griffin like that first ship, it's so crazy. Like he was building that ship to transport beaver hides. 'cause traditionally they'd always done it with canoes. And he's like, I got a better idea. I'm gonna build giant ship, fill that soccer full of beaver hides and I'll get rich Thousands of Beaver hides. But it, but it, but it, yeah, his ship vanished and that's what they were still up to in the mountain man era. And that whole industry was born in this, in this, in this mountain men project we're doing, like that whole history was born. You can kind of say it was born with the Lewis and Clark expedition and identifying this, this tremendous population of beavers in the Northern Rockies.


And it kind of ended in 1840. If There's A time the the market collapsed, If there's a time where you could go back in history and just observe, like they could put you in like a, a fucking, a bulletproof bubble and you just, like, you don't, no one knows you're there. Yeah. You can just go watch. Where where would you go? Would you go to that time? No, I just changed my time for a long time. I knew what my time was, but I just changed my time recently. What, what does it mean? I, I'll be happy to explain, I'll be happy to explain. Explain. What did it used to be? There used to be an idea that that's existed for much of my life is about the peeing of the Americas. And sometime maybe around 15,000 years ago, there was so much of the Earth's water was tied up in glaciers that Asia and Alaska were connected by a chunk of ground the size of Texas, the bearing land bridge.


When people hear the bearing land bridge, you kind of pictured this little, like, it's like Moses like crossing the par, you know, the part of Red Sea. Right. But the bear, you would've, you could've lived and died on the, you know, generations were probably born and died on the bearing land bridge with no idea that it was a bridge. Like I said, it was, there was a chunk of ground the size of Texas, that much water was tied up in glaciers. People crossed, they almost certainly weren't saying like, Hey Bob, let's go to Alaska. But they were doing their thing. They were hunting and moving and they crossed. And then because of all that ice, once they moved into what's now Alaska, the theory held that they were trapped there by glacial ice. And eventually there was this thing called the ice free corridor opened up around like Ed would've spilled out around Edmonton, Alberta.


And the idea was the first people to lay eyes on the continental US When that corridor opened up, when that little gap through the glaciers opened up, the first Americans like spilled out onto the American Great plains killing mammoths with, with spears. Hmm. As all this new information has emerged, the the dates don't line up anymore. So we, we did a hunting history episode about the, this very question of how and when and who were the first people to enter the continent. Right. And now that was called the ice free corridor hypothesis.


But it's been made more and more untenable by finding these super old sites for a while. The oldest site we knew about in the New World was in, was this site called Monteverde down in Chile. So if people came in at the Baring Land Bridge, why is the oldest known site of human occupation All the way down in Chile? How old is it? It was, it was somewhere around 1314. But What about those New Mexico footprints that are 22,000 years old Again? Yeah. It's clouded in the picture. There's a lot of the dating. Yeah, the dating on that is clouded. But anyways, it's like antiquity in America is much older than originally thought. Right. So, and then there's now currently the oldest site is on the Columbia River drainage near a place called Pittsburgh Landing.


There's a really old site there. And it winds up being that it doesn't line up with the idea of people entering this ice free corridor. 'cause like when did the corridor, when was it open? When was it possible to pass through? But now you have all these older dates and then people are even starting to question the validity of the idea of like that this corridor opened when they thought it did. So now the fashionable idea, it's, it's seems rocks solid. And we, we film much of the episode up at our, up up at our fish act. There's this theory now called the kelp highway that you had this pretty stable environment all along the Pacific Coast. And it was defined by kelp beds, enormous or enormously rich in fish resources.


Enormously rich in shellfish. Right. And that the first Americans were, were a seafaring people and all that shit about what glaciers are melted and not melted. And when this and that corridor and Landbridge is open was a moot point because these were people that just came down the coast and they knew how to survive in that marine, that kelp marine environment. And they went south and went south and went south and things remained remarkably similar And with like great speed, with great speed All the way down the coast, to all of sudden there's people in Chile. Wow. And instead of this idea that people came into the great plains and then spread to the coast, it's that people came down that route And you know that really old, like the currently oldest, they're currently oldest like ironclad absolutely accepted academic consensus accepted site is that Snake River site or on, on the Columbia drainage that they came down the coast and then the, the continent was populated by people who just followed these major rivers, these salmon runs and stuff.


Coastal fishing people migrated up these rivers following fish. And then turned into over time became these mammoth hunters and these interior grass land hunters. But their, their genesis was in these seafaring people. And as people came down, they kind of filled in. So you go to like, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the the Klingit or the Haida Right. That live along the, the Alaskan coast now. Like that's their ancestors. Right. They were the, they were, they were perhaps people living that way. And those places were the first people to enter the continent. So, so my time machine would be whatever the hell day that was, That's what it would be To see that man.


Because picture like, you know, picture being the first person or the first group of people to like, to see a continent. Yeah. I mean you can't even, you know what I mean? Yeah. How do we even know that that's the case though? We don't, if there's people that were before that, That's, that there's an argument that there's, The thing is like, There's an argument, there's arguments. Humans came from Africa, right. That well, yeah. That that's the, that's Where the Original, there's the human diaspora. Yeah. Is like anatomically like the, the, the sort of widely accepted scientific explanation is the anatomically and behaviorally modern humans.


There was many waves of hominids coming out of Africa. But sometime around 70,000 years ago, our current human ancestors came out. They came into a Europe that was populated by Neanderthals, perhaps other hominids. They kinda won. Right. And then, and then spread around the world in the last continent outside of Antarctica, which was never, you know, the last continent to be occupied by humans outside of Antarctica, which arguably was never occupied by humans, would've been South America was the last, the last stop. Wow. And, and what's Wild is there's monkeys down there. Yeah. That's What's wild. But man, there's all, there's this, there's this, there's this theory called the SLU tree in hypothesis, which is that, that northern Europeans came over much, much like 10, you know, 10 plus thousand years ago.


There's always these different ideas that, that someone, you know, someone from somewhere else blew in on a raft. There's always this thing. But, but what I'm talking about is a sort of like, again, the kinda like academically accepted idea. The sort of mainstream idea remains and it's supported by genetic linguistic, everything is that, that humans came out of the Americans that, that, you know, our Native Americans came out of Siberia through a Siberian pathway probably in waves. You know, the people we now, like, if you refer to now like northern coastal peoples Eskimo Inuits, they were a later wave.


They, they were different than what became the atha Baskins to the south. It was like a later wave. So there could have been repeated waves of people coming, but I've always been interested in the first wave. Yeah. Whoever they were the first wave and When was that? Yeah. Are you, are you aware of the sage wall in Montana? No, I'm aware of Montana. Well, you live there. The sage wall is a recent discovery. It, it was on private property and these people, it was completely covered with woods and you know, dead falls and everything. And they started cleaning it out and they found this thing that looks remarkably like a constructed wall. That's the sage wall in Montana.


It's very Oh wow. It's very strange. It's very strange. And it's a vertical wall. Yeah. It goes down 13 feet under the ground and it's long and straight. And it's very confusing because it very much looks like placed stones that were cut and moved somehow in this particular way. And there's a lot of Debate about whether or not, oh man, that's a wild looking wall. Wild looking. Well let see if You can find the overhead of it, Jamie. 'cause when you look at the overhead, you're like, Jesus Christ, this looks like people put this there. Yeah. The debate is, is it natural or manmade? Yeah. Well there is some people that think it's manmade and there's some people that think it's natural, but it's leaning much more towards manmade.


But it's confusing because There's Oh, you know I am Yeah, I'm familiar with that area. Yeah, no, I got it. It's real Weird. Real, I mean real Weird looking. I mean There's a lot of, A lot of natural formations. Yeah. Because You get fissures and rocks that are filled from volcanic activity. Yep, yep. Sure. It, it's puzzling. It's definitely, maybe we'll do an episode on that. There's a, I think we will, Well this gentleman right there, see that guy down there with the beard, Jamie? Yep. That's, that's the guy. I think it's wandering Wolf on. I think that's his name on YouTube. Yeah. Yeah. Wandering Wolf. He's been studying this for a while. Please ignore his nose ring. Oh, is that what that was? I couldn't tell if he had a book or if that was a nose ring. Nose Ring. But like, this is crazy. Yeah, that was crazy.


It's crazy because they're flat and straight and they look fairly uniform and they look like they're cut into position. Yeah. And there's also a bunch of these, you know, where they would grind things. There's these posts that sit out that look like they're carved outside that, that are similar to a lot of stuff they find in South America. Yeah. Around like Machu Picchu and stuff like that. It's very, very weird stuff. Well, 'cause if, if that was made by people who and when and how. Yep. Yeah. My I'm I'm I'm going natural, But I know We'll do a future episode on that question. Yeah. I mean I think natural too until you look at some of them, like some of those images go, go back to some of those images, Jamie.


Some of those images are like, how the fuck, like they're so flat and straight and look at that, That that is from that angle. It's insane from that angle. You would no doubt look and be like, that's a manmade wall. It looks very stacked. They're all cut square. What's that? Jamie? Kinda looks fake, but is that It does look fake. That, is that a fake image or is that the real image? I can't tell that. You know what added to the picture. Yeah. It doesn't look like the same stuff from the video. Okay. Mm. Well let's see some of the images from the video, well that one up is the, that one there is real, that's legit. That looks more real. Well no, so that looks more natural. That's something different. That's not the same site Thing. Look at the, It looks like a So yeah, that's starting like These AI that looks like, yeah that looks ai.


That's not the same site and that's not a vegetation that grows around there. That's something different goofing around shit. Lemme just do The video then. Yeah. So here's, here's a video. This guy walking around. No. Yeah, it's really interesting stuff because there's so much evidence of humans, right? The, the, you know, the mortal and pestle grinding holes and shit are all there. So there was some human occupation in this area. The question is like, was this put there by humans or is this a natural feature that they found and just exploited? Have you followed that news that has come out about that Boy, that Anza one boy in Montana. No. Sounds like a Spielberg movie, don't it? Anzac won. Yeah, it does. So there is a, there's a Clovis child that they found years ago in near Will saw Montana.


It was from a Clovis hunter culture. This child had been buried with projectile points and ochre and they've recently done work on like, like stable isotope work. And it was like he had a, he he would had a diet of woolly mammoth. Whoa. Yeah. Which people always thought, yeah. Right. But that's like this thing that gets always kicked around is, and, and I have a friend David Meltzer, I dunno if you're looking for guest suggestions, but half a finger Meltzer. Okay. You fucking love him. But anyway, Meltzer, he's an anthropologist and he's always been involved in this debate about where these, these Clovis hunters and ice age Americans like, to what degree were they really these like northern wild men killing mammoths with spears and shit.


Right. And people have tried to like, over the years sort of emasculate these ice age hunters being like, oh, they probably weren't really killing all these mammoths. You know, they probably found them and scavenged them, you know, and, and, and in explaining away, David hate me saying this, but explaining away evidence that they were slaying mammoths and also explaining away the theory that, that they killed All the mammoths. Right. And they were eating like that. They were eating a much more varied diet and using plant resources. And they were kind of like a kinder, gentler ice age hunter. So it's funny that out of this, as this debate is always waged on, it'd be like this, this accusation that in creating our idea of these ice age hunters, you create the kind you wish was there.


Mm. Right. So a dude like me is gonna be like, yeah, man, mammo hunters. Right? Right. You know? And then some dude would be like, oh, no, you know, Berry pickers? Yeah. Barry Pickers, right? Like, they're, they were gentle, but they, they finally just did all this work. And, and lo and behold, he was young, but he would, the, he was eating mother, you know, drinking mother's milk. And it was, they were mammoth eaters. Wow. You know, which backs up this idea that those big ass points, those big ass points they made were like being used. I participated in this study. Me and some of the guys I worked with participated in this study with Meltzer, this guy named Met and Aaron, who runs an experimental archeology lab at Kent State University.


And they gave us all these stone tools, and we had a dead bison laying there. And we just, we were supposed to just spend the day butchering the bison with stone flakes and also with Clovis points. So we're supposed to butcher half with Clovis points and butcher half was stone blades. They just want people who were like expert butchers to do it. Like you don't really know how anybody did anything. But just to see, because what, what the, the problem they have when they're looking at the, the, the archeological record is the only thing left is bone and stone. Everything else is gone. So when you find some mammoth, you know, you find a mammoth rib cage, a roading out of a river bank, and lo and behold, there's a projectile point laying there. We had always said, oh, someone stabbed it with that point and killed it.


But do you really know that? Right. You'll see a mark on a rib and you're like, oh, see, they shot it in the rib and that's why it's got a scratch on its rib. Well, do you really know that? We just assume. Right. So we did this project of, to butcher this whole thing, a fresh dead bison, All the stone points, and then they go, then they went and cleaned All the bones. This guy John Hayes from Hayes Tax, and every studio did this, did this way to treat the bones and clean 'em, where you're not messing up the bones at all. So now you have a set of bones that you know what happened to 'em. Right. And you have a set of stone tools that You know, they were used for. And the idea is that you're creating something to be, to compare, you know, like there's this famous Folsom site where all these, these outta New Mexico where all these bison skulls, these ice age bison skulls, they look different.


Like that skull you got out in your, out in your studio, the step bison in the enter big horn, you know, longer horned animal, they all got these cut marks on the bone right here inside the jaw mark, inside the jaw. And then people have been like, oh, it must've been from extracting the tongue. And I even thought that I went, I went to SMU and looked at those skulls and held those bones in my hand. And I'm like, oh look, it's, they were probably getting the tongues out and made all those cut marks inside the jawbone. But what's funny in going and extracting the tongue with stone tools, I didn't do shit, would've left any kind of mark like that. Hmm. You know, and again, you don't know how they did what they did, but it just, it, it creates an interesting data set so that when you do look at cut marks on bones, you can start put putting together what might it cause it, what, what he wants to work on next is they wanna do a ostrich.


What do you think those cut marks were if they weren't extracting the tongues? Dude, I got no idea. Wow. You can, you're looking at 'em right there. I don't know. When I extracted the tongue with the stone, I extracted the tongue with stolen tools and I didn't have any need to go anywhere near that thing like that. I don't know. But just 'cause to show like you, you look at stuff, you find a projectile point with a rib cage and you're like, they stabbed it. Right. But then, well maybe they, maybe the, we looking at Clovis points all wrong. Maybe Clovis points were knives. Maybe that big projectile point was a Clovis knife. Or maybe it was both things. And maybe when you find a mamo skeleton and it's got two or three broken col Clovis blades, it wasn't that they had been jabbed into it necessarily.


Maybe they were the butchering tools. But then what would be the killing tools? That's a great question. Yeah. And I personally, like me not being an academic who's invested my entire career into this question, I do know this. Like, I think that when people talk about, oh, they were finding them like I spent a lot of time outside, you just don't find all this fresh dead shit laying around everywhere. Right. Right. You can, You can spend many, many, many, many, many days out wandering around the woods. You don't find like fresh dead Right. Edible materials. Right. You find rotten shit dried up shit. Right. You find skeletons. But I don't, I don't, I have a hard time swallowing the idea that, that all these mammoth kill sites were just where they happened to stumble across a fresh dead mammoth.


Yeah. That Seems ridiculous. And cut it up with a projectile point. Yeah. Or cut it up with a blade like they were killing mammoth. Yeah. That's my my take on it. They were killing Mammoth. That makes much More sense. And it probably, the mammoths weren't aware that they were even gonna hunt them. That's probably, they probably weren't being hunted by anything. That's this idea when we're talking about that ice free corridor deal. And you look at how fast humans filled up the, the north and South America, like a a, a sort of motivational driver for that really quick spread would be that, let's say you were the, you, you're, you pop out in, in the great plains and the animals have never seen a person. Right. A mammoth's never seen a person. You just walk up and kill it. Right. And you do that for a couple months in some valley and then everything gets like, oh shit, it's one of them things and runs away.


Well jump to the next valley. Yeah. And find and find more of the ones that don't, you know, find more of the ones that have never seen you. Yeah. You know, like I, I've had occasion before to see like a, a elk that would've had no way to encounter a dog. Encounter a dog. And their attitude is kind of like the hell. Is that right? Yeah. You know what I mean? They're like curious about it. They're kinda looking at it. So You can imagine like the, these, these early peoples could probably just walk up on a lot of shit and just kill it Probably. Right? Yeah. It's like, what, what's this this thing gonna do? Tiny thing. Yeah. What's this thing gonna do? Fuck outta here. And all of a sudden you're like, da, some bitch stabbed me.


So that was an idea that pushed like how fast people spread around and then they, they weren't fighting each other 'cause they were out. All this, there's no competition for resource. They're not fighting each other and they're enjoying like very high reproductive rates because they're drowning in food. Mm. And there's no conflict. I wonder what the wildlife populations were like back then too, before humans. Like when humans did encounter, when they first encountered North American wildlife, I wonder what the populations Were staggering. Must have been crazy. Just staggering. Staggering. Wow. We'll never know. We'll never know. No, but if you had a time machine, that's your spot. Well, they're getting closer to knowing now. 'cause now they can do crazy shit.


Like they can go into pond sediments, You know what I mean? Like, stuff's shedding, you know, you're shedding, you're shedding cells All the time. Right. At some point you'll go down 10 feet into some pond and pull a little ba sediment out and lay that sediment out and do some analysis and be like, yo, there's skin cells from six mammoths, short face bear. Right. Right. Whatever. It's just, it's getting crazy. You know, it's funny like talking about Indiana Jones, like that style, like the, the archeology is becoming increasingly anthropology, archeology is becoming like the realm of the scientist.


Like the, the, the, the lab scientist. You know what I mean? Not not the field work. Right. It's so much more, it's such a Richard field of inquiry now to analyze stuff we already have than it is to go find new stuff. Mm. You follow me? Yeah. And when you go on an archeological dig, You know, they're always, they just dig. They just dig a fraction. There's a knowledge now. There's a knowledge now that, that tomorrow we're gonna know a bunch of shit we don't know. So if we got a hundred squares, we'll just dig one now. And the impulse used to be just to come in and like destroy the whole site. Right. And wash everything away with hoses and just look for big bones and big stone points. And you'd come away with thinking that they used big stone points to kill big bones because you just washed into the ditch.


All of that micro evidence, all of those small bones, All the plant pollen, you just washed everything away. 'cause you kind of knew what you were looking for. Right. So we probably make the same mistake now. So when you go to a a dig, they just go like, we'll just check this little square and then leave. You know, this is protocol now knowing that in 10 years, a hundred years, whatever, someone's gonna have a way better way. They'll stick some little stick down there and we'll tell 'em everything you need to know. You know? Did I tell you about my friend John Reeves? Did I ever tell you about the boneyard in Alaska? Oh yeah. He, no, you had him on the show. Oh yeah. Yeah. He, he comes on the show every year. Yeah. He was supposed to be the last guest this year, but he got pneumonia. Oh, okay. He's coming on in February. Oh, That shit's fascinating, man. That Place is crazy.


You know, it's only six acres, Is that right? Yeah, six acres, thousands and thousands of bones. Yeah. And what he thinks is it's like some sort of a natural disaster took place and probably asteroid impact this. There's a thick layer of carbon. Oh yeah. Thick layer of carbon. And in the permafrost is all these bodies and they think that it's probably just washed all these bodies into a ditch. Oh. And that's why there's so many of 'em there. So It's the perfect spot. Yeah, Perfect spot. They found animals that weren't even supposed to be in Alaska there. Yeah. It's like you had, it's like you had LaBrea tar pits to yourself, man. Yes, Exactly. But it's all his property. Yeah. So no one can go there.


So, you know, you know, they've, they've found them in the East River now because it turns out that What, which museum was it? Jamie? Oh yeah, no. Yeah. They dumped them in, they dumped some of the bones in the East River. So these people have actually gone down there and found them. Yeah. In the East River. Now they found a bunch of bison bones and all kinds of shit in the East River, which is really crazy. No, it is. Because exactly where they said that they dumped these things off, they found them. Now it's really wild. And so no, that Yeah, that, that's, that's a fa Yeah. Got fasting set up. You should go this guy's property. I would like to do that. That Would be a great episode for your show because this, this whole thing is crazy. Yeah. You know, and they may or may not have found human remains there. Oh. They can't talk about, I imagine that that shit gets pretty complicated in a hurt man.


It gets Little archeological. Yeah. Yeah. It gets a little, yeah. We, we did one on the, we did one on the, the lost Roanoke colony, and there's archeologists working on what happened at the ro lost Roanoke colony. And the minute you bring up like human remain conversations, people, it's just like, like Shut the fuck up. Yeah. Yeah. Because It, it, it, things get real weird. Enormously complicated. Yeah. I recently met a guy that does, he's a, he's Pueblo, so he is from one of the Pueblos in New Mexico. And his whole focus is on, he does repatriation for his pueblo. Like, you know, for people not familiar with Pueblo be like, basically, you know, it's akin to a tribe. Right. He, he works on repatriation for his tribe, mostly focuses on remains getting back, getting back the remains of his ancestors from all these museums and stuff.


Wow. You know, they want 'em back. Yeah. And I once, and I, I had said to him in this conversation, I'd said, Hey, why can't there be like a deal to be struck where you just say to the museum like, okay, you keep one gram of that bone for your work, keep a gram of the bone and give the rest back to us. And he said, that would never be acceptable to us. It'd be like the same way if someone went and dug your right. You know? Yeah. Someone dug your grandpa's bones out of a graveyard and later you're like, Hey, lemme borrow his foot, gimme my grandpa back. And like, no, we're keeping it. Why? Really? Yeah. We're gonna do studies on him. You know, God, that's so complicated. So that, yeah. So yeah, I think that it would be finding that, and then what what complicates a lot of that human remains stuff too.


Especially with stuff that he's talking about that that stuff he has is as old as it did. Is you, there's a little bit of a, A little bit of question like the groups that are there now, peoples that are there now, were either peoples that were there before. Right. You know, 'cause people move All the time. Right. You just look at like, like how the Comanche moved, look how the, the Sioux were in the upper Midwest and, and areas in Minnesota and wound up, you know, coming westward and all this movement. So when you have bones, there's always a question of well, who, you know, current. Typically it goes like this. It's like who was currently on the land. But when you're talking about bones that are 10, 11, 12,000 years old, there's like a little bit of a, in, in my mind there's a little bit of a question of like, well who do you, how do You know that, that that, that that person's direct descendants aren't in New Mexico.


Right. You know? Right. Think about how much time passed. Yeah. Like are you giving them, like, is it the wrong, are you giving 'em to the wrong people? You know? Right. That's a very good point. Yeah. 'cause people moved all over damn place. God, it's fascinating stuff. But with the Pueblos, with the Pueblos, it is not that, like with the Pueblos, it is like people that have had occupation on these places for hundreds of years and people just came in and hauled their ancestors out. Wow. To stick 'em in museums. I was at a museum with my kids over Christmas break. I was at a museum in Chicago and we go into this exhibit and All the walls are, All the displays are papered, so you can't see. And there was a sign that just said like, we're in a, there's a re we're in a repatriation issue.


So they blocked it all. Wow. You know, they, whatever. I don't even know what was behind the paper. Whatever the display was, they're in a, they're in a custody battle or their display and blocked it for view. And years ago I went to Salta Salta to look at those children with the corn. You know, those, you ever hear about those children, those ink and children, they left on that mountaintop and they kind of freeze dried. They have three of these children they found. But whatever the deal they made with the ink and the contemporary ink and peoples, the deal they made is they'll only display one at a time. And when I went, it was the, it was the child that had been struck by lightning after the fact. And it would just, you know, you just walk up and it's in a, it's in a case, but you're looking at someone's baby, you know?


Wow. Looking at someone's young child. It looked like the, the kid looked like you could stand up and walk away really perfectly preserved. Even like the feathers are perfect. Wow. You know, not quite stand up and walk away. Yeah. But, but I mean like, perfect. You know, perfect. But yeah, there's someone probably, I, I haven't followed that situation, but someone is probably saying, I don't want my, You know, I don't want my ancestor in your decorating your Yeah. Understandably so. Museum. Yeah. I mean, wow. Listen man, oh, here's something that he found. Look at this. This, this had been sawed. Oh no shit. Yeah.


So the piece that's missing, that's, he found that, Like, that The piece that's missing, that's cut right there. That was a piece that they made to, to date it. Oh, I got it. But the top part had been sawed, Huh? Yeah. I forget how old that was. No Shit. Yeah. Yeah. But that, that, that's from John. That's from the boneyard. I'm gonna introduce you to him. He's coming back in February. You really need to get to know him. He's a fascinating cat. No, I, I know. I would definitely like to. He's a fun dude too. Alright, Steve, so your show hunting history, history, channels that available now. Is it on now? January 28th? January 28th. Okay. 10:00 PM Eastern. There it is. Hunting history. Steve Ella. There it is. All right.


Thanks for letting me plug it, man. Oh, Always a good time. Talk to you. No, I appreciate letting me come out and plug it. There's the mule deer that we shot together. Oh no, I like that man. For 12 years ago. Yeah. Time flies. Yeah. It's your biggest animal to date. Isn't that crazy? It's kind of crazy. That was 12 years ago. Was it really? It doesn't seem like it. No. Yeah. But it was 2012. Yeah. Well, again, appreciate your generosity and especially appreciate Lemme come on and, and, and plug my project means a World need. Anytime. Anytime. It's always good to talk to You. And if you hung out with a dude in Canada in the seventies and named John the Baptist, let me know. Yeah. Let Him know. I Gotta put it to rest. I can't stop thinking about that guy. All Right. Bye everybody.