
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train By Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. So Jamie, what was your question? It was too Lex, but it was really like, because see, I wouldn't Know hardcore science question. Yeah. Based On physics. Okay. In theory, if you were in space and you maybe ejaculated, is it possible that the ejaculate would propel you backwards? Like send you, you know, like is it propulsion? Is there enough prop power in there to propel you? There's only one way to Find out. It depends on how long you hold it in for.


Right, right. Like, if you didn't jerk off for like four months and then you had like the mother load Still, I mean, you need something to go one way. So you go the other way. Yeah. Yeah. And Lex had an answer, but I don't know What's the answer. Well, he Had a thought. I guess. What If you blow out at the same time? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think in space, the, the, like the biodynamics of the liquids is different. That's Oh yeah. I think there's, it's actually difficult to have sex in space and to get people pregnant in space. That's, Has anybody ever gotten pregnant on the space station? Are they allowed to even to have sex? No. Nobody has officially had sex in space. Officially. Officially. But unofficially, Of course, people have Tried.


I wonder if they have, I mean, how monitored are they? There is a Wikipedia page about sex and space and sexy are pretty detailed, But it's Wikipedia, so, you know, it's half bullshit. There's citations. I encourage people to, to look into it, read in detail. I mean, it's a serious problem. If you wanna, you know, colonize space, you probably want to have a lot of sex and Yeah. Get pregnant and have kids and, well, Don't you think they'll develop some sort of jet gravity generating machines? Yeah, absolutely. You have to. Like Jeff Bezos talks about this a lot. Yeah. Like how you create artificial gra gravity in space. 'cause for, for Jeff Bezos, the likely way to colonize space is to have space stations.


Elon is more focused on colonizing planets. Mars. Yeah. So both, both are obviously gonna be necessary. And you gotta need to have gravity in order to get laid. Bro. The first people that make that trip, Ooh, Yeah. Jamie was saying he wants to go About, I mean, not that trip, but Yeah. A trip. You go eventually. No, why not? Oh dude. Why? What if you die out there? Okay. You're gonna die. Everybody dies. Yeah, but you don't wanna die that way, dude. If you get to decide one way to die, that's not one of the worst ways. Oh, it's the worst way You're gonna die in space running outta air. You don't know how it's gonna happen. It could be on reentry. You could get, yeah. You could just cook instantly.


Could be on the way up. You get hit by a, a micro meteorite. Could be while you're asleep up there Could be Imagine standing on Mars, looking back at Earth, Going, what the fuck did I do? Do? Yeah. Why did I do this? Yeah. And then having kids on Mars and then whoa. Teaching those four kids. We came from there. You think homeschooling iss bad. How bad space schooling. Just imagine the crazy shit that happens on Mars. I mean, it's, it's gonna be what, a hundred thousand people? Yeah. And so you're gonna get one psycho who's gonna run everything and they're gonna take over. Yeah. Probably some cult leader convinces everybody to do it his way. That's gonna be a sex cult. 100%. A hundred percent. And we're back to sex and space.


Right. They're gonna say like, listen, if Elon is their man, Elon wants to procreate every chance he can. How many kids does he have now? Allegedly double Digits. We don't even know how many. Well, because they think he's got secret kids. They think, who's They? They the fucking people that run the world. Is There a Wikipedia page on this? There Probably is. He's probably got secret kids. Secret kids. Yeah. When you have like, what does he have, like 300 plus billion dollars. Oh, it's growing. You can, You can have a few ladies here, there all over the place. Yeah. Having kids. There's a lot of ladies that just wanna have kids. They don't want a guy around. Yeah. There's a, Especially when they get a little older. There's a castle in the south of France with a, like a harem, just a bunch kids waiting for Yeah, Yeah.


Just waiting for daddy to allegedly to land his rocket ship online. It officially says at least 12. Yeah. At least 12 kids. See nobody, one even knows. Imagine no one knows how many kids you have. That's kind of crazy. Yeah, yeah. Well, it's the situation Jens Con was in, you know? Well, he was doing it a little differently. He was a little bit more forceful, Actually. I mean, there's a lot of different perspectives on that. Like I, what's the, the book on Jen Gus Kahan. So first of all, there's obviously the Dan Carlin Wrath of the Cons. And in that series of podcasts he criticizes the book Jack Weatherford Weatherford Making of the Modern World Jens Con and the Making of the Modern World, James Con Mongols and the Making the Modern World.


Yeah. So that's the, now there it is. Nice. That is one of the things that Dan Carlin talks about, that when enough time has passed, that they sort of look at these marauders and murderers in a different light and saying, oh, he opened up trade to the East. Sure. Also killed 10% of the population of Earth lit people on fire and launched them in on catapults to, onto thatched roofs. Well, I think, I think actually Dan Carlin makes a really good point. How long do you wait until you know that you could tell these kinds of stories about Hitler?


I think that's example He uses, right? Yes. That's what he uses. But you know, you wanna be historically accurate here. And Jenga Khan, there's a lot of different perspectives, including opening up trade and including what was the protocol based on what she was doing, the murdering. So it was very clear before the invasion, he always said, you can surrender and then we would not murder anybody. You just have to follow the law. And the law was very, very sort of clear. And it's, it, it is basically enforcing a law of the land.


So free trade, free practice of religion, and you have to pay taxes instead of to your, to your king. You have to pay taxes to the Mongol Empire. But did they really say we won't kill anyone? Yes, 100%. That, that's, they followed that, and this is very well documented. Really? Yes. So everybody could have just laid down and 10% of the world's population wouldn't be dead. Yes. Really? So, so the the nuance there is that sometimes they killed the upper classes. Well, you know, didn't they kill the royals by like crushing them to death? They'd have lunch over them. They were, listen, this is a, a different time, but they were brutal.


Oh yeah. If they, if they, because they want to, they used fear as part of the, the military tactics, right? Yeah. So they want people to be terrified and they want people to talk about how terrifying the Mongol empire is so that they forfeit more easily. Yeah. But you know, that there's, there's a lot of aspects of it. Not, not to say that Jen Khan's a feminist, but there's a lot of progressive aspects. Like he put a lot of women in positions of power. He gave a lot of rights to, to women. This is a very strange perspective from, I mean Yeah, he did a lot of raping. Nope. There's not his, what kids, it's, I mean it's, what do You mean? Nope.


When, When he would conquer these places, he would take women and they would become his new wives. So Yeah. But it wasn't their call. So that's kind of rapey. That's very rapey. Yeah. So, but there's a, if You just fucking take 'em and make 'em have your kids, there's The kind of mass rape that the Soviet soldiers did at the end of World War II when they're marching towards Berlin, which is extremely violent, vicious, and sort of that kind of rape, which is part of the terror of war. And then there's like Creating a harem of women. Right. So it's, it's a different, I I I think the main point is that, You know, this is something you, you talk about that, you know, a large percent of the population is that one study from like 20 years ago found our descendants of Jeniss Khan.


Huge. Yeah. I I think the way to do that is to, is to make everybody who's your dissent popular within the culture. Like, you can't, you can't have that many be have your DNA propagate throughout civilization by raping. You have to have everybody who like to have a high status for people that are associated with Jenis Khans. You can't have that kind of thing with fear. You can only do it with respect and high status. And he, for several generations, created an empire that was flourishing.


Okay. You kinda whitewashing that. No. Well, I mean, they killed a million people in gin China and turned their bones into a stack. Yes. A pile that they recognized as snow covered mountains from the distance. That's what they thought it was until they got up on it. When the Shaw of charisma came there to check it out, he was like, where is everybody? They had a band in the roads. 'cause there were so many dead bodies that the roads are deteriorated into muck. Yeah. Let me actually sort of backtrack a little bit here. 'cause I'm, I'm, I'm uncomfortable because I'm deeply involved in the, the military affairs of modern day. And so there's a kind of, I was just kind of having fun.


Yes. There was mass murder. Yeah. That was happening. It was vicious. And we could, and I'm not a scholar of James Kahan. I was simply saying that it's interesting how history looks at these different empires. For example, we venerate the Roman Empire, not we, but Yeah. Ancient Greece. And they were equally, if not more brutal in their conquests and their destruction. And So it's, yeah. I mean, there's never really been a time where there was a leading superpower that wasn't brutal. It's, it's, I think, become less and less brutal over time. And people document this. So war the number of people as percent of the population killed is less and less.


But, But what about there's more laws, Ukraine and Russia, like how many people have died? All told between the two, it's gotta be close to a million. It's over a million casualties, which includes death and injuries. And the estimates vary. But I think a, a good estimate is over 400,000 total. Maybe over thousand on both sides. On both sides. And the dead on the Ukraine side is probably one third or one fourth of the total dead. Really? So three quarters of them on the Russian side. On the Russian side. Really? Yeah. What do, what do you attribute that to? I think there's military scholars that understand this really well.


I think in general, the invading force loses more people than the defending force. That's one aspect. Of course, the Ukrainian military will say it's about the effectiveness of the, the Ukrainian military. Mm. And also, one of the other things they say is that the, the medical capabilities, so the medics are really strong on the Ukrainian side, which is also tragic because you're able to save lives, but you have the, the injuries, the pain of war, you know Hmm. That the veterans have to go through, right. So they're able to save lives more effectively also. Right. But there is a big characteristic of the invading force usually loses more people.


What Was it like going over there and interviewing Zelensky? So I should say I went to Ukraine twice after February 24th, 2022 invasion. And maybe it's good for me to also say where I come from, because it's surreal to be there for me. Sure. Both my parents are from Ukraine, from from Kiev and iv. These are towns in Ukraine. Cities in Ukraine. I've been there many times. I myself was born in Tajikistan, speaking of Js Khan. Hmm. And I lived there at the Stan. And by the way, I'm regretting defending Jake Kastan in this conversation for fun.


You Didn't really defend. Yeah. I, I, I want to be sort of say that over and over again. War as hell. And it's, I'm almost a tension between how much Roman empire Caesar and these folks are venerated and genis. Kahan is seen as this barbarian that was just destroying and raping and so on. They're all horrible, vicious war mongers. All of them. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, Tajikistan and I lived for a time in Kiev, and I lived for a time in Moscow. I have family in Ukraine. I have family in Russia. And so, and I should say in World War ii, a lot of my family was slaughtered in Ba Ya, which is a ravine in Kyiv where they gather people around the Nazis and they just put them in this ravine and just shot them.


And then put another layer of humans told them to get naked and face down, lay face down and slaughter, and slaughter like this. It's mass, mass, mass graves, mass slaughter. And my grandfather fought the Nazis. He's a machine gunner, which he's one of the few that survives, which is the reason I'm here. That they basically try to hold off the, the Nazi Armada ma. And that the, the surreal aspect of all of this is the same land. You know, I I just still remember the song is 22nd of June, the Bing bombing at, at, at 4:00 AM the bombing, bombing of Kiev began.


So this is in 1941, June 22nd. Just imagine, speaking of Jenis Khan, complete surprise, just the Nazi armada, just like, just calming the operation bar, this massive military force invading your land. It's, it's Kiev. And there's these, the greatest, the biggest battles of all time were in this land. The Battle of Kiev, the, the Battle of Stalingrad, the Battle of Moscow. We're talking about hundreds of thousands, millions of people just slaughtering each other and, and the way Hitler Of course, approached the battle. And so just Stalin is nobody surrenders. It's, there's no, it's all in slaughter.


It doesn't matter if it's winter, it doesn't matter if there's no guns. It doesn't matter. It's just ev victory or death on both sides. And so it's just brutal war. And so this is the land, right? This is, and I have, you know, for a lot of people in this land, this history is part of them. It's part, it's part of their blood. They, they remember these struggles. They remember this, this political, this geopolitical, this military, this social, this, this is real. This is like, imagine the, it's 'cause recent, imagine the United States living maybe a few decades after the Civil War. You remember? You Mm. You remember the, the, the, you know, you have relatives that died.


You have, you remember the real, the real hatred, the real tensions, the real, the real battle. So yeah, it was, it was surreal to be back there and to try to do what I was doing, which is to push for peace. Since there's probably a lot to say about this war, I should say that I interviewed Vladimir, Vladimir Zelensky, and I will be traveling to Russia to interview Vladimir Putin. And I, the, I'm aware of the risks.


I accept the risks. And the goal, the mission is to just push for peace, to do my small part and pushing for peace. And that's what I was trying to do in this conversation. And it, it required just a huge amount of preparation for people who don't know. Maybe I'll lay out where there was opportunities for peace. So since the beginning of the war, February 24th, 2022, I think there was three moments to make peace from the perspective of Ukraine. You want to make peace from strength. So when you're in a position of strength, the first time to make peace was March and April of 2022.


When the Ukrainian forces were able to successfully defend the North defend Kiev. There's this huge optimism, this belief that we're, we push back this gigantic Russian military, that's a place for leverage. And the confidence, both of the US funding the European militaries and the Ukrainian military, that we can win this. This is when you make peace, when there is, when there is a perception in the reality of strength. The second time was in the fall of 2022, when there was a successful counter offensive by the Ukrainian forces that recaptured IV and Hassan, this is the south and the east of Ukraine.


And there was this real sense that we could, that the Ukrainian forces could defeat the Russian forces. Huge optimism, a lot of pressure from the US to, to make peace. Then this is the strength and perhaps the weakness of Vladi Zelensky, who I do think is a historic figure and a great leader, is that he one deeply emotionally feels the suffering of the people and the loss that work creates. And he single-handedly has to unite the nation and carry the will of a people. And the morale of a people has to lift the morale of a people.


And that kind of man struggles to make peace because he understand he, he wants justice, not peace. And so from a position of strength there, he wants to go further recapture all of the land that he sees belongs to Ukraine. But that's exactly when you make peace. And so his very strength, a man that stayed in Kiev that said, you know, fuck, you, we're not going to, we're going to win this. That kind of man that lifted a whole nation, the united whole nation, that man is, is also struggled to make peace. And so the third time to make peace after all, after all of that, the Russian military regrouped and has been capturing land gradually.


And so the, the third time to make peace is now the Trump administration. There's a momentum. They want to make peace. He, he, he's a, a great deal maker. He wants to end wars in all parts of the world. He's made the deal in Gaza now Made the deal in Gaza. And that's super complicated situation too, because they made a ceasefire deal with the hostages. But like, But isn't, but isn't it amazing that the Biden administration, Biden administration, had two years, couldn't get anything done, and Trump gets, had done it a day. He was saying that he was gonna be able to do that, and everybody dismissed it.


Yeah. And I, I think there's a, a political battle now taking credit for who made the ceasefire, which I think is silly. It's Of course You can have that. Yeah. Biden is the president. He's still the president for another few days. The the, the point is with Donald Trump, there's a real will and a momentum to make peace. There's a respect, there's a fear. There's, you know, whatever you think about Donald Trump, he is this person that world leaders respect in, in the full meaning of the word respect. Not like admire, but fear. I think both Zelensky and Putin fear Donald Trump.


And that's a great person to then make peace because he has the lever. All of them believe Putin and Zelensky, that Trump could do some crazy shit. And he probably would, but he doesn't want to. Right. He doesn't Want to. There's a difference. And that's a, the very unique position that he's in, where they're afraid of him, but yet he wants peace. Exactly. You know? And so this is the time. And if you don't make peace, now what's going to happen is the funding from us and the support from us is going to dwindle gradually. And Putin is willing and able to just wait and to let the war continue for months and for years.


And meanwhile, people are dying every single day. Yeah. Thousands of people. And What's horrible about this war too, is there's GoPro footage. Yeah. There's a lot of cell phone footage. There's a lot of GoPro footage. I've watched too much of it, unfortunately. But it's a, it's rough man. It's, it's a horrible war. And it's a war that's so confusing over here for especially to the uninitiated for the people that are just like kind of reading the newspaper and getting a, it's a sort of a cursory understanding of what happened. Russia invaded, why, you know, what'd they do? And then you, you gotta get into the whole us back coup in 2014. And then you have to think about NATO and the agreement that was made the fall of, you know, when the wall came down in Berlin, the agreement that NATO would not push forth and move closer to Russia, which they violated over and over and over again.


The whole thing is so complicated that it takes forever just to sort of get an understanding of the pieces that are involved. Forget about like who's responsible for what, but just like how many different things are happening, you know, simultaneously that are forcing Putin's hand now, Zelensky hand. And just to be on this side of the world, watching it take place. It's almost unbelievable. It's so hard to believe that Russia and Ukraine, which were both a part of the Soviet Union just not that long ago, while during my lifetime, now they're at war. I should say that. I believe.


So how do you handle situations like this? I believe us actually gave not enough money to Ukraine. They should have given more money, hit really hard, and then make peace. This is the point. A month or two after the start of the war, you can learn the same kind of lesson with Iraq and Afghanistan. That there's no reason those, those invasions, those military operations. There's no other way. There's no other way than just give money, give money and, and hit hard. There's no other way. What about, well, what What? Avoid it. Avoid it. Yeah. What about have NATO back out? Well, a lot of this is about diplomatic rhetoric. And yes, NATO was consistently talking shit to Putin.


And, and that's not like a lot of this is about diplomacy, right? And you can't just, you can't just pressure with, with words. I mean, for, for some people it's like, it seems almost silly that you need to show respect to world leaders. But there needs to be shown real respect. Putin has laid out the interest of the, the Russian Federation. He said that he's been very clear about what the interests are. They, they want their security to be respected. They want their nation to be respected. He's, he's very clear and simply at the negotiation table, he just needs to be respected. Like his perspective needs to be understood and heard.


You can't just say Putin is evil, right? Bad guy. Authoritarian hates freedom. We need to destroy him. This kind of, this whole vibe and energy you come with this idealistic sense that you bring to the table. You have to respect leaders. You have to respect Xi Jinping. You have to respect Putin when you're at the negotiation table. Not when you're on Twitter and ex or talking shit, or historians or activists. Fine. You can criticize as much as you want, as vicious as you want. You can mock, artists can mock as much as they want. Comedians, it doesn't matter. When you're a world leader and you come to the table, you have to show respect. You have to treat other world leaders as funny as this to say the way you want to be treated with respect.


That's Not funny at all. Yeah. Makes sense. And, and it, If you want to get things done, If you want, if you want to get things done, and more importantly, if you want the, in this war for the death to end, one of the things I kept pushing in an almost childlike way with Zelensky is getting him to open himself up for peace. Because he kept shutting it down. He kept mocking Putin. He kept criticizing Putin, which is okay. It's okay to sort of criticize and say that there's war crimes. That, that there's real vicious violence and destructions happening. But along that, there has to be a door open of respect of, I'm willing to come to the table to negotiate and respect the other, the other nation's interests, as opposed to saying, I'm only going to talk to the United States.


You have to be open to, to negotiate, because there ha unfortunately, this is the motherfucker of peace, is you have to compromise. You have to sit across the table as, as a world leader with a person you might fucking hate. Because un unlike Putin, I should say Zelensky ghost to the front, he talks to the soldiers. He sees the dead bodies, he talks to the civilians, the mothers that lost their children, the wise, the, that lost their husband, right? This person who's an empath, who's an emotional being, he's wearing all that in his mind. Like there's a real pain there. Like he's torture, tormented by this.


If you're a leader, you have to put all that aside and you have to sit and save your nation by compromising. That's it. And that, that's the hard thing of it, especially now there's an opportunity where the Trump figure rolls in. Who wants to make peace? You have to use this opportunity. Yeah. And it's tough. It's very, very tough. Yeah. You're putting it mildly very tough. What, what do you think Trump can do now when he gets an what? What could possibly, if Zelensky wants victory, they want revenge, what can Trump do to sort of like bring peace to the table?


I think some of these notions sound naive, but literally meet, which they haven't been meeting. So meet with Putin. Meet was Zelensky. They haven't been meeting at all. No. So Zelensky comes down, they've been meeting with Zelensky, but there was no meeting with Putin. I think the right thing to do is to go to, whether it's Switzerland or, or Tur, Istanbul or Minsk. And like, the biggest thing for me would be literally the three of them sit together. I think I, I trust in Trump's negotiation ability and the, the carrot and the stick of the, of the United States military and the United States economy for being able to control oil prices, being able to control trade with tariffs, being able to threaten military force and funding and so on, plus sanctions.


All of this, you can roll in with that carrot and stick implied or made implicit, implicit or explicit and just sit at the table and talk like human beings and show each other respect. Like that, you know, is, it is one of the things that actually COV I did, there's something that happens where remote communication just is not, it. Like the, the silly thing about this podcast being in person, right? There's a real power there. Everything else is, you know, like fucking with a condom. Yeah. Like, you have to, you have to, you have to show up. It's part of the reason. It's More like jerking off with a condom on, Jerking off with a thing. It's Not even fucking with a condom On for the metaphor.


Yeah. It's part of the reason I wanted to talk to President Zelensky and Russian, which I speak fluently and he speaks fluently. It's his primary language for people seem to misunderstand this on the internet. He spoke Russian his whole life. That's his main language, is he speaks it with his wife, with his whole staff, with all of this, this, this is the language. It's just that now the Ukrainian language has become a symbol of independence. So they're fighting for their independence, for their sovereignty. I understand it, but you know, So he spoke with you Ukrainian, He kept going back and forth. But yeah, most of the powerful things were said in Ukrainian. So I'm listening to an interpreter through a shitty headset.


The interpreter's not forgive me to the interpreter, but it's not very good. He's delayed. There's noise. God. But wouldn't it make more sense if he spoke to you in a language that you understand? Yeah. This we've really tried. But this is a man once again. Yeah. Like he's, he's the leader of a nation at a time of war. And he's not stylistically who he is. Like he's all in. This is like a Braveheart type character.


Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action with Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook, the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance, four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot coast slash audio.


I Mean, which is so crazy because he started his career as a comedian, right? Right. I mean this, you never know. You never know who the, who the leaders are that step up. I think, you know, a lot of people sort of say that it's trivial that he stayed in Kiev when the, the Russian military invaded. To me, it's not trivial, trivial at all. I think that's a truly heroic act to stay when you know, when nobody knows what's going to happen. And All the experts are saying Kiev is going to be taken to stay as a leader in that same place where you were the night before, like working and not flee when everybody, the CIA, everybody's telling you to flee, to stay there like a bad motherfucker, to actually go outside and film yourself speaking to the nation that we're going to win this, we're going to hold strong.


That's a, that's an insane thing to do. And maybe it does require, like it's a Trump level insanity, right? It's similar to me, to the Trump standing up when there's still bullets flying and saying, fight, fight, fight. Right? That's a, where's that come from? I don't know. But most people don't have that. Right? And it's nice when we, it was refreshing. It was refreshing when you see that. Yeah. Like, holy fuck, yes, we want that guy. Yeah. And he really united a nation, he, that the nation was fractured. He was actually not popular at all up to that war because the, the policies he was trying were not working. What policy Specifically? So his, so the stuff that was working, I don't know the internals of the Ukrainian politics that well, but, so he won in 2019, based on his desire to fight corruption and to modernize Ukrainian digital system, which he did very successfully.


It's actually super interesting. You can, they have a app called dia, which your passport, all your identification's, all app amplified, which I don't understand why they United States doesn't have that. You can like update your license. You can get your license like instantly through, it's like the 21st century version of what government should work. Like, the reason they did that is it's a way to fight corruption. It's a way, like if whenever you have paperwork, there's a place for corruption to seep in. So he was very serious about fighting corruption. And that's the other thing is there is corruption in Ukraine.


There's not as much as people perceive, but it's a serious problem. Especially Is it less now than before? What I see, I, I want, I want to be careful here because I don't, like, it's very difficult to know the perception. There's a serious concern about corruption in a time of war. There's always going to be more corruption. United States spent $9 trillion on the war in Afghanistan and Iraq in the Middle East after nine 11 on that part of the world. They spent $900 in this growing. Do you think all that money, you've had a lot of guests on this program talking about how that money was used. There's a lot of shady shit that happened.


Oh yeah. War breeds corruption. Yeah. One of the reasons you should be concerned about the military industrial complex is 'cause that money's just not used well. Right. But that, that's all, that's a discussion. The reality of corruption in Ukraine is it should be dealt with after you make peace, All the problems, the, the elections we're suspended to the ideas of democracy. There are censorship in Ukraine. Now. All of those ideas cannot be, all of those things cannot be fixed until the war has ended. The reason there is censorship now in Ukraine is because it's, it's, it's a war.


Like you can't, the ideas of democracy in part have to be suspended during a war to effectively fight that war. This is, this is a whole idea of martial law. The United States has this, you, you don't, you don't fuck around. You have to win the war when your land is invaded. You have to, every, everybody has to be focused on this. The problem is, it's a slippery slope. When All the media channels are being controlled and the, the president and everybody's so invested in quote unquote winning the war, then where are the critical voices that say we need peace.


Right? They're all, they're coming from the outside. But you need that. The, the thing is, it's, it's a really complicated tension, right? You don't, during the war with martial law, you do wanna suspend elections. Potentially. It's, it's a really difficult trade off. The United States has the same thing. If we were to be invaded, I don't know by by who. This is not, you know, if Canada invaded, I don't wanna make a joke out of this, but there's going to be a mar Yeah, that would be a quick fight. Yeah, exactly. But like, there, there would be a martial law Yeah. Where elections would be delayed or suspended and so on.


So all those criticisms, all those concerns can, can only be dealt with once you make peace. Yeah. And in terms of cor, in terms of corruption, just my, there's a lot of people that know zelensky well and that this has been my impression, having met him there. I don't think he, and I've not heard anybody that knows him well say that he's personally corrupt, and this is really important. Like he himself is not personally corrupt. And he's, and he legitimately is fighting corruption. Now he's in a system that has corruption. Russia has corruption. It's really difficult to weed out corruption.


But he legitimately, at least to me, that's really important that he as a single human being, and the people really close around him, like really close that cir corruption starts to seep in, Of course, when you go further out. But in, in that direct human being that he's not personally corrupt. He like financially speaking, he singularly believes in the idea of Ukraine as a, as a sovereign nation. And he's willing to die for that idea. That is his strength and that is also his weakness. When it's time to make peace, When you are preparing to do something like this and you are, you know, you're doing your research, you're, you're getting ready to go do it.


What, what are your concerns other than your own physical safety, Of course, but like, what, what do you, what is your, like ultimately, what's your concerns? What are your goals when you're setting out to do this? Because this is very different than any other kind of podcast interview. It's, it's, there's no other format really, where a world leader in the middle of a, a huge international conflict is gonna sit down for three hours and talk to an American scientist, which is weird too, right? It's like, why are you doing it?


You know what I mean? Like, why this guy who works in AI just decides he's gonna start a podcast. The podcast becomes very successful and all of a sudden he is like, I'd like to talk to everybody. I'd like to go over and talk to Zelensky and talk to Putin. And everybody's like, why you? What the fuck are you doing? So you get a lot of that. Yeah. And then unfortunately for you, you read the comments, so you get sucked into all that negativity. Yeah, I mean there's, there's a lot to say there. First of all, on the comments side, I always have a little Joe Rogan on my show listening. Don't read the comments. Don't read the comments. And in this situation, it's especially intense. Yeah. I I should say like privately after I did the conversation with Zelensky, every single person that knows the situation well, knows me personally, has written to me.


And it's all been really positive. Like really positive. Almost like in the desert wanting water positive because there's a lot of voices that are afraid to speak that want peace. Sure. But online, and this is something we talked about flying a little bit there, there's just a, like these like swarms of people that are like, Not even necessarily people That's, I I, I don't wanna sort of go too far in that territory, assuming that anybody who criticized me is a bot. No, no. But, but There is a, I'm not saying that, but there's a, there's an enormous element of that that's real. Whether it's bots or whether it's hired people, paid propagandist.


The, the conversation is not a pure conversation between people expressing their ideas. There's a lot of propaganda online and it's very confusing to try to discern what the percentage is. You know, we've talked about this a bunch of times on the podcast, but there was a former FBI analyst who estimated that it's on Twitter alone. This is before the purchase. He believed it was around 80%. So 80% fake accounts, 80%. Not just propaganda like government propaganda, but most certainly corporations are hiring people to do similar things. I'm sure there's companies that will do that for public figures, actors, you know, people that are involved in conflict.


You know, this is part of the Blake Lively dispute is that she's accusing that Justin bald actor of an organized attack on her, which is probably what it feels like anyway when you're involved in something on social media, like, oh my God, this is organized where they're attacking you. But it's, it's a very confusing landscape. Ideally what we would want with social media is different people informed and non uninformed, but at least expressing their ideas on things and exchanging information back and forth and talking. It's not the whole story though.


There's a lot of other players involved that are not real. There's, there's AI for sure. There's, there's definitely large language models that are involved in this back and forth with, you know, automation And, you know, they look out for certain code words and these, these accounts attack certain ideas. So it's hard to know like what the actual will of the people is. Yeah, I mean it's definitely true. And I've seen a lot of evidence of this, that there's Ukrainian bought farms and Russian bought Farms. Have you spoke to Elon about this? About bought farms? Yeah. Because like, he knows a lot more now, Of course.


Right? 'cause there was the big concern when he was buying Twitter, they were trying to say there was 5%, it was only 5% bots. And they were doing that on an extremely low sample size. They were doing enough of a hundred people. So they got a hundred people. And out of those 100 people, five of them, they determined were bots. And so they went with 5%, which is just ridiculous. You know, you're dealing with how many people are on Twitter every day? Like what's the total Twitter audience? It's not as big as Facebook. Right? Facebook is 3.2 billion worldwide, which is unbelievable. I think X has a, a smaller number, but very influential and very active. Yeah. Very active, very influential.


245 daily active. What is the total amount of accounts on it though? 'cause you know, there's daily active and then there's just people that just read them. There's a lot of people that just read 541.56 million monthly active users. So again, that's active users. So total users with the total users. See, it's all active. I wanna know accounts, that's, That's the only, I don't, they Delete counts All the time, right?


Yeah, they definitely do. So they must have some sort of a system where they weed out bots And you know, there's a lot of concern right now on Twitter about censorship. You know, this is, I'm, I try to stay out of Twitter as much as I can, honestly. 'cause I think it's bad for your mental health. I really do. I think people just barking at each other all day is not good to absorb. I wanna absorb real people that I interact with. I want to, I mean, I try to pay attention to the news. I try to pay attention to whatever controversial ideas are out there and try to see what I think. But I don't think it's good to dive in to social media all day.


I think it's uniquely bad. And I think so many people are involved in it and they don't realize that they're, they're poisoning their brain just like they poison their body If they're eating junk food all day, I think it's genuinely bad for you. Yeah. I mean, and you and I are, and also in a particular, you know, doing a podcast and we're also very different human beings. I would say your psychological, your psychological fortitude is, is pretty strong. Like, and I, I'm more, I wear my heart on my sleeve maybe a little bit more. And what if I like, shit gets to me. And, And you know, when you try to put compassion out there in the world, in the way, in the way I did, especially with this conversation with zelensky, the attacks, like, You just have to recognize who the kind of people that are doing that are.


Yeah. You know, those are just really weak people. Really weak, psychologically damaged mentally ill people that are probably medicated. I sort of to push back. I think some of them are actually good sophisticated people. They're just acting not their best selves. Like I've seen this, there's people that are like, I know them personally and online. They just like, the worst shit comes out of them. Yeah. It Doesn't make well because they're mentally ill and They're, but then all of us are a bit mentally ill. Yeah. Well, we're all a little mentally ill. Like no one is enlightened that I've met. Yeah. I've never met one person who's perfect. Right. I don't think it's possible with this journey that we're on as these meat vehicles, these soul carrying meat vehicles, navigating a very confusing world.


I don't think it's possible to be perfect, but you can have a desire to be a good person. And some people don't have that. And the excuse that they always use is, I mean, this is the Donald Trump excuse. You do anything you can to stop Hitler, you know? Right. Yeah. And this is, this is why they want to conflate and they always wanna pretend that everyone's Hitler. The problem with that is it just after a while, it's crying wolf and people are like, oh, this is a bullshit game you're playing and you're just using it as an excuse. Elon's talked about this a lot about, and he's, he's absolutely correct is that people use woke ideology as an excuse to be an asshole.


And it's really just people that are assholes that are attaching themselves to things that make them feel righteous. And so they wrap themselves in this idea to, to give them virtue and to allow them to say the most awful things about other people that have different perspectives. And then just by nature, if you're doing that, you are doing the wrong thing. You're a bad person. You can justify it all you want. You can find people that agree with you all you want, but those people are also are on the right track, the wrong track. Rather the people that are listening to you and agreeing with you, they're on the wrong track. They're the wrong track. If we want to be collectively a kind, compassionate, cohesive society, a community of human beings that all live together, that's totally possible.


If You can do it in small groups of people, You can do it in enormous groups of people. It just has to be an ethic that gets promoted. It has to be something that you, you see people that you admire, adhere to, and, and you do it as well. Whenever someone goes outside of that. And whenever someone starts making horrific, unfounded personal attacks because someone has a different political ideology or you know, just going after them every day all day long, like you're just broken. You're just, you're on the wrong path, period. And intelligent aware, people that have control of their emotions recognize that. And they're not gonna take your perspective seriously.


So you're gonna be less and less effective with what you do. And in general, the failure mode is to paint the world to draw a line between good and evil. Yeah. Whether it's the lion in geography, Russians, Putin is evil. Or if it's Trump, Trump is evil. Right. The version of that is Hitler. So I'm, I'm a yeah, big proponent of Sol Sen's famous, the, the author of Gula Archipelago. That that the line between good and evil runs through the heart of every man. That all of us have that in us. And yes, to be, it is good to be humbled by that reality.


And if you are humbled by that reality, then you're not going to see any other people as purely evil or purely good. All of that, that kind of thing is used to just, to just to hate others. Yeah. Yeah. And even when it's unfounded, you know, even like I'm watching the Pete Hegseth, the, the confirmation hearings and they, these ignorant people are going after his tattoo, not even knowing what the tattoo is and trying to pretend that it's some sort of radical hateful tattoo when it's just an ancient Christian tattoo.


It's so strange. I mean that tattoo's in churches that, that symbols in churches, that symbols, that symbol's been around for a long fucking time. It's just a Christian tattoo. And I was watching the Pierce Morgan show and Pierce Morgan had Michael Knowles and these two super wack and Dave Rubin and two super wacky leftist people that didn't know what the tattoo was. And they were criticizing it. And Pierce Morgan kept having, what is the tattoo? What is it? Tell me what it, and they would, the guy would go like, go, you're not answering the question. Go back to it. What is it? Well let's look it up. He's like, no, no, no, no, don't look it up. I want you to tell me if you're saying it's offensive.


And so then the woman chimes in and Michael Knowles just clowns her, just absolutely knows the history of the tattoo. Including like, you know, she's talking about it before it existed before Islam, you know, and she's criticizing what it is and he is like, do you, do you understand that Islam didn't exist when this tattoo, when this symbol existed? Like it's not an anti-Muslim symbol 'cause there was no Muslims when this symbol was created. Like this is bunkers. And they're all in digging their heels in pretending, just trying to win this conversation.


Just trying to win. And Pierce Morgan's doing that. He's like the Jerry Springer of political ideology now. He just has people get on the show and yell at each other. It's very entertaining. And he gets great sound bites out of it. It's kind of genius in terms of like an engagement perspective. If you looked at your show as just like, how do I get more engagement? Well that's how you do it. You get some wacky leftist, it's gonna say nutty things. You get some right wing person, it's gonna say nutty things and you get 'em all together yelling at each other. I wish he did less of that. I should say that Pierce Morgan I think is a great interviewer. Like he's legit a great interviewer, but he also has, he can put on his Jerry Springer hat on Too. He's making money. Listen, I mean He does. I mean he does both, he does do long form great interviews.


So that's, He's found his lane. All right. His lane is Jerry Springer. But he's doing a good job exposing these people. Yeah. It's very valuable. Like that conversation was very valuable for me. 'cause I was like, this is adorable. Watching this guy like flounder around trying to come up with a reason why this tattoo is so offensive. Yeah. But see what I don't like about that is that guy's floundering. But there could be actually face to that person outside of this ridiculousness that, that's interesting. Right. But you gotta cleanse that from your mind. They do. If you wanna, if you wanna be the guy who's on television talking Yeah. About important issues. And you've got this stupid thing in your head where you're arguing about a tattoo that you don't even understand.


Yeah, yeah. You gotta cleanse that stupidity outta your fucking mind. And sometimes the best way to do that is to get clowned on television. True. So you got exposed. She got exposed. They both looked like morons. And then Michael Nolis, who did a fantastic job of like smiling, never raising his voice, calmly explaining it. Have you seen it? No, I haven't. That's Hilarious. See if you can find it, Jamie. It's pretty wonderful. Michael no is is a pro. He's a pro. The way he handled it was remarkable. And I know people criticize that guy, but fucking people criticize everybody. I'm just saying in this moment, Don't read the comments, Joe. Yeah. Don't read the comments. Yeah. Yeah. Even about other people.


Right? Well this is the thing, I think you said that you sometimes read comments from a f friends of yours. Like, yeah, I don't even like doing that. I try not to do that too. This Is the thing that bothers me about comments is I don't read them, but like, I don't know. My mom will read them and she'll, she'll text me something like, don't listen to what people say. It's Okay, my mom will send me things. Is this true? I'm like, mom, come on. This is the yeah, this is, this is wonderful. Watch this. The two people on the far right of the screen, the lady in the pink jacket and the dude with the beard, they're fucked. They got cooked. You can accuse Pete of as being too alert and energetic.


I found it overwhelming actually while I was there tired, trying to dust the sand outta my eyes. But you, you suggest that the graduate of Princeton and Harvard, who for decades has been in the US military, served his country honorably, that he's somehow unqualified to work at the Pentagon. The, the most egregious accusation you make against him though is that he's an extremist because he has a tattoo. Could you tell us what the tattoo is? The tattoos specifically? I did not make the, the allegation that he's an extremist. It was actually you repeated the allegation, a fellow colleague what's call him as an insider threat. Yeah. Right. So what's the, it Was not me. I can tell you. It says it was his fellow But had raised but fault.


Right. Go ahead. But it's a question was fault. And what is this tattoo that you are so upset about? The facts. Hang on, wait, wait, wait. Two things would hang on. Simple question. What is this tattoo that you are so upset about? I wasn't the one upset about it. I was talking about his fellow colleague. This is exactly what I said. His fellow colleague, do You know what it was in The US Army? Called him out as a potential insider threat Is the tattoo at the tattoos on chest answer. What is the tattoo? And also I called him an extremist based upon his own book. Read The book American. Well what the tattoo His own words. If you don't know what the tattoo he is, just admit it. Oh my Lord. Listen, What is The tattoo is Genuinely intrigued. Let the lady talk.


When the lady talks, it's even more brutal. A Woman hasn't spoken yet. It's genuinely painful. A Woman hasn't spoken yet. Answering A woman hasn't spoken yet. Let her speak. A woman hasn't spoken yet Me on his vagina. Do you? I did, I did hear him answer it. But they were all talking over each other. Did I say the words? Yeah. They weren't talking about the cross. They're talking about a different tattoo. Yeah, well she is talking about that as well. Okay. She's, but it'll go on to that, Actually know what that tattoo is or not. Listen, what I do know is I read his book and in his book, if you read, Do You know what American Crusade in his Book, which, wait a second, be honest in his book, be honest, I am. Look, this is Jerry Green's literally bending for Donald Trump.


But do you know the answer? Our national security at risk for Pete Heon. I, I'm telling you everything. And you guys are finding ways to spend. Why Are you guys okay With a man? No, it's simply asking you who has An NDA with The woman that He allegedly sexually Assaulted. Do You know what guys to is said Exactly. I said what I upset about. No, it goes further. See if you can find where the woman's speaking. 'cause it gets even more brutal because she's incorrect And Michael Knowles corrects her and when he corrects her, it's fucking great. It's, it's a good way to expose. See if you can find the other one, Jamie. Very narrow. I'm a change agent and a That's gonna be in here. I gotta figure, figure where I missed the whole show. It's an hour long show. Well, we're all talking the entire time. Click right there.


I'll, I'll know where it is. What is the, what is the answer? This Falls along. This falls along a threat as an insider threat. I'm back to Michael 2021 P Pete. He said as a potential insider, Which you had 98 chances to ask and he failed the test. There You go. I'm going to Michael Tattoo. I'm going to Michael's all go over each other. The Michael The tattoo in question. The tattoo in question is called a Jerusalem cross. That this is a medieval Christian symbol. Goes back a long time. In fact, at Jimmy Carter's funeral there was a Jerusalem cross on the floor of the cathedral. And on the program for the funeral, there's one other tattoo that some have suggested could be extremist. It's the phrase des volt, which is a medieval Christian slogan.


A long traditional slogan that refers to God's will. And it goes back a long way. These are very traditional, very mainstream Christian symbols that not only are not extreme in any way, but which even the people who wanna accuse him of extremism couldn't possibly name. That is pathetic. Alright. Has his insider. Guardsman did it. Which is what I said. And also I said that he called himself too extreme for the US military in his book. That's pathetic. Okay, so you're gonna Is Pete he up lying that he's too extreme in his book? Let Me go to to, he's been break. He's too extreme Poet. Radical Leftist. Let me go to Julie. Lying. He said it. Is He lying? Be gentlemanly please. We have a lady who's not spoken. Julie be running very patiently.


Your view of this I, I'll tell you what, before you answer, I know you said in your substack about this under normal circumstances, he, Peter ef, would be precluded from serving in any leadership role. So explain why you, why you said that. Well, let me, I, I will explain in one second. Let me go back to something that was said in the very beginning, that he spent more than 10 years at Fox News, and that's what qualifies him to be in, in this position that he wants to be in. I spent more than 10 years at Fox News. I don't think I'm qualified to run the DOD whatsoever based on my time at Fox News. I said that was one of The things, if, if, if you, if you, well, I don't think that's even a remote qualification. That's one. Being able To communicate ideas, Asking as the Secretary of Defense and explain policy is actually a very big Part of the job.


There plenty. There are plenty. There are plenty of qualified Republicans out there who can run the DOD who also are good on television. It does not need to be Pete h Seth. Secondly, again, you talked about NDAs. I'm bound by an NDA Fox News if I were not bound by an NDA and if Fox News wanted to release me from that NDAI could tell you about my time with Pete Hegseth. Unfortunately, that's not possible. But I will say that the reason that there are so many people who anonymously came forward at Fox News is that because they're also bound by confidentiality provisions, which one third of all American workers need to sign on their first day of work. And they, if they were to go public, they could get sued. The reason this accuser is not heard from is because according to the New Yorker, she tried desperately to meet with Joni Ernst on the committee, and Joni Ernst turned her down.


So the reason that she has not been able to come out publicly is because she has an NDA and even privately, she could not meet with a senator on this committee who's also a rape survivor to share her story because that rape survivor did not wanna hear from a woman who was going to put her potentially in a position to vote against Peter, Seth. Peter. Seth has written himself while at Princeton saying that women who are passed out, if you have sex with them while they're unconscious, that's not really rape right now. The American Military, is that, is that written Somewhere? That's tremendous. I don't know. It doesn't sound true, but Yeah. Yeah. It's hard to say. But scoot ahead to where they just start discussing the tattoo.


I don't, I don't know where it's gonna, it's in, it's in the same flow. It's not that far away. This is definitely not a good format though. No solid problem. Well, at least they're letting her talk. You Can just go have your way with Them. Not really. So, I don't know which soldiers you've been talking to who think Pete Heck said there's a great thing for the military. There are not, there's not one woman out there who cares about being assaulted on deployment, who thinks that this is the person that needs to be in charge of the United States military. And as for the cross that you talked about, yes. Davis fault, which is the cross that he has, and the slogan that he has. Davis fault is a phrase. It is an old Christian Cross Jerusalem cross the part, the part, the phrase, excuse me. The phrase, the phrase, however, was uttered by crusaders as they were slaughtering Jews and Muslims during the Second crusade specifically.


So it's not just a random cross that that isn't, it's not a random phrase that Isn't true. Isn't the the phrase that is, it's it is true. The phrase, the phrase was uttered after the Council of Claremont when Pope Urban II declared the crusade. And it was actually probably vu, but it's, it's been rendered in Latin as DeVol. Okay? It has nothing to do with slaughtering Jews. And you're, and you're telling me it has nothing to do with slaughtering Muslims. 'cause the Muslims had invaded Europe, not the other way around. Oh my God. Are you really? Are you really saying that the reason, the crusade which was sent to the holy land to liberate the holy land From whom? From Jews and Muslims Cru. And that is a phrase, if You wanna, the, I'll tell you why. The crusade, the crusade began. 'cause the Eastern emperor asked for help from the Western Pope because the Celtic Turks were slaughtering Christians in the holy land.


'cause those lands were Christian before the Muslims invaded in the seventh century. So that's why No, no, no. Those were saved. Good to know. Michaels pro, those land, you've, I'm sorry. Those, those lands, those those lands. No, no. Keep going. Became loose lands became Christian after the first crusade. Okay. So let's be very, the lands were Christian. Talk about the kingdom of Jerusalem first, second centuries, and then the, the Muslims. I could, Islam didn't exist before the seventh century. What are you talking about? Okay, I could go listen, see, listen, I can go all day. This wanna talk about the crusades. But the point is, I Were People for people, maybe we Should switch the debate. But what that has, but what that has to do with pe what that has to do with Pete Hegseth is it's not that he has a random cross that talks about his faith in Jesus Christ.


He used a very specific terminology, but putting All the, that aside the phrase that His first utter to defend persecuted Christians in the Middle East, just like they're being persecuted today. Okay. If, if, if, if, if, okay. If you wanna talk about the, and that's who want as the Secretary of Defense. Wonderful. Yeah. Someone who defend the person. If you Wanna talk about Julie, finish your point. You wanna talk about the crusade. Julie, finish your point and I'll go, I'll go to Michael. To, to to Dave. My point is that I cannot even, I cannot even believe that something the Vatican apologized for is something that you're defending, which is the slaughter. What did the Vatican apologize Muslims during the Crusades? What, what did the Vatican apologize. Excuse me. The Vatican said the crusade. Whatcha talking? Oh my Jesus. You know what, why don't you, why don't you give me a call after this and I'll walk you through. Exactly. All right, let's, Alright. Let She, but if you wanna talk about, but if you wanna talk Separate crusade debate another time.


Let me bring Dave Ruben in. The worst way to have conversations been Important is, I mean, I'm getting a headache from this. Like, fuck, fuck these people. Fuck all, fuck that whole panel. I'm sorry, but like, you can't, you can't talk like this. Each of those individual people, I'm not sure about. The second guy from even, even the woman would be a fascinating four or five hour conversation. Yes. Chill. Yes. You should probably have her on. Yeah. And Well, her and Mcno and Yeah, and Pierce Morgan. Yes. Yeah. This is not the right, and I'm so exhausted at this fucking bullshit. I know. I can't, I'm, I'm like angry right now. Yeah, I know, I know. I want, I wanna play more for you this Own Publish the column saying Sex with unconscious women isn't rape Jesus. Imagine not just thinking that, but publishing it.


Yeah. I mean, We'll, what did he actually say? I just Wanna read it. We can read it. Well, rape in quotes, intercourse, Amusing. Yet mandatory orientation program revolved entirely around whether in an instance of sexual, in intercourse constituted rape. The actual instance portrayed in the skit was, in fact it was a skit in, in fact not a clear case of rape. At least not in my home state. So this is, he's saying this in short though intercourse was not consented to, there was no duress because the girl drank herself into unconsciousness. Both criteria must be satisfied for rape. Unfortunately, the panelists never cited any legal definition of rape yet.


The panel, all females in the session I attended claimed that rape. It was, huh? What year was this? I dunno. I dunno. So are they talking about, this is what's confusing, are they talk, it says a skit and then it says they're talking about a, a legal definition of rape. Has the legal definition changed over the years? Like when, when was this? Is he talking about a legal definition or is he talking about his own opinion? Right. There's a giant difference between the two of them. Right. Especially if you're taking something outta context. You don't know if he elaborated article or is college newspaper stating that having sex with unconscious women isn't rape. 'cause the criteria for rape isn't met.


So this isn't his college newspaper. So how old is he? Is he like 50? How old is Pete Hegseth? Yeah. He is up there. Right. Which is really weird to think that 44 College would've been around 2000 ish. Well, yeah. I remember in 2000 ish, I remember when we were doing the podcast, there was a brief moment in time where people were talking about if a man had sex with a woman and they had both been drinking that it was rape, that the woman could not consent because she was drunk. But the man's drunk too.


Right. So it gets weird. It gets like, we understand like traditionally men are pursuing women and that plying someone with alcohol is a famous thing that people do. It's kind of a weird legal thing. Come on one more drink, have another drink, have another drink. And we all know that when people get drunk, they do stupid shit. But we don't know what happened if you are both drunk, you know? So this is what I'm getting at is that 2000, these conversations were already being had. The question is like, is he saying this from his personal perspective or is he saying it from a legal perspective?


I don't know what else was in the text. You know, I'm trying to be as charitable as possible. 'cause if like more was in the, like that's a reprehensible act that's like, did he say anything like that? Or was it just specifically talking about the legal definition? Because he said in his state. Right. Also, it says to be clear, he did not write it himself. He published it. Oh, That's what this is Says in short, like you said, did not publish. I'll put, put up the screen. He did not or did publish such a column while he held the role Publishing. He did not write it himself. He Did not write it. It was written by someone else. Okay. So he just published someone's opinions. Okay. That's very different. That's very different. That's very, very, very different.


She said, he said that. That's not what he said at all. That. See that right there? I'm Just so exhausted By this. That's exhausting. Both Like the thing about Trump with both sides. But that right there is crazy because I, my opinion of him shifted briefly when I was, look, you know, I was watching Daniel Nano, You know, the great poker player was on Tim Poole's show. Yeah. And they were talking about his shift in political ideologies. And then a lot of it came from when they were accusing Trump of saying that thing that Obama repeated falsely during the campaign was that he was talking about white nationalists and neo-Nazis and saying there's very fine people on both sides.


And Grono had heard that he had heard the clip where Trump said it, where it was edited. He had never seen the full thing. And then once he saw the full thing, he was like, what the fuck? And it immediately made him realize like, oh my God, they're lying. They're lying. And then he talked about how Obama repeated, this is years after Daniel had known it was false. Obama repeating it at the campaign speeches. And then Obama's sitting right next to Trump and they're joking around with each other. Hey pal, I know you're a neo-Nazi lover. You fucking rascal. How'd you win? Like it's, but just what that lady did on that show. And then when we find out that Hegseth didn't actually write that, he just published it, you know, and he published it in college as a 20-year-old or whatever He was, I I think there should be also room for that lady to then change her mind and apologize.


Yes. Because a lot of us parrot, a lot of us parrot, including probably you and I never. Yeah. How dare you. Parrot bullshit we see online. Yeah, Of course. And then we should give each other room to like, yes. Say I fucked up that. But people don't wanna say that this is what they have to understand. Even people I don't like listen to me, it's, there's strength in that. It's better than digging your heels in. There's strength in saying I was uninformed or I was misinformed. I fucked up. I've said it before. It's important to do. You gotta do it. 'cause you can't have, you can't have an erroneous idea in your head and repeat it over and over again. You can't have an incorrect false opinion that you have a defended and now you can't ever accept.


Even with new information that shows that it's not true. I should also say, 'cause it's fucking sitting in my head on this topic, I'm probably gonna do like a five plus hour interview with Jack Weatherford on Jeniss Khan. Oh. And I read his book. All right. And I don't, I'm not proud of the way I formulated my, for the fuck of it. In the beginning of it, in the beginning. I'm still bothered by the looseness with which I talked about rape. There is, and I don't think I have in me the eloquence or the skill to improve on that. I think in general it's trying to find the right words.


Well, here's To describe the historic, the historically accurate thing, the data that we have. And then the narratives. I think the point Jack Weatherford makes is that we keep oscillating back and forth on Genis Khan. He's one like this epic great conqueror. Like currently Alexander the Great has that good vibes all around him. Nobody talks about him as a horrible human. Horrible human. Yeah. But currently Jenis Kahan has this kind of barbarian Yeah. Evil just rapist and So on. Well, they're so good at it. They were so good at murder. They were so good at war.


I mean there's so uniquely good at military strategy. So It's, it's about always kept the army to about a hundred thousand. It's small. So it's a hundred thousand horses. Each soldier had five horses, so four spare horses with 'em. So imagine it's 500,000 Horses, which they use their blood to, to fuel 'em. Yeah. They, they would they use That for food. So it's very portable. Yeah. They're not bringing logistically the whole, I mean this isn't just, imagine this armada moving at like, you can, they can move like 50 miles a a day this entire army. And they, and they don't have to follow the roads. Right. Which All the military would follow the roads. So you can go around, you can surround, you can, and they did the, as you know, they can retreat Fein retreat and then attack from the sides.


Yep. It's the Blitz Blitz Creek. That's the Genius stuff. And a lot of people, including Dan Carlin said it's the, the greatest military in history. Yeah. It would defeat every single military, including Napoleon with the musket at everything. Yeah. They would destroy Napoleon. And then Of course in the 20th century, You know what they didn't defeat. Mm. Samurai, Right? Yeah. But they never really fought. They did, they twice. They fought, but it's not a real battle. They were like, these guys are fucking crazy. They thought they were crazy. These guys were like practicing their whole lives for one-on-one combat with swords. I, As far as I know, they never really had a full on battle. I wish they did. There were some battles. There was battles on an island.


Right. One of the islands outside of Japan. But the Japanese successfully held off the Mongols and they were like one of the only civilizations that ever pull that off. I think one of the issues with Mongols, except Kuai Khan, is they were not good with water. They didn't know how to, the ship thing was not, Oh, what a big mistake. Well, they imagine if they got as good with water as they were with horses, that would've been a real problem. Well, a lot of things they had advantage on. Like, for example, they could ride on ice. And so How'd they do that? They, it's they in, in Mongolia. They, these people like horses. Did they have different horseshoes? I did. I did they even shoo their horses back then? No, I don't think so. Really? No, no, no. It's all like, they don't have, Like when did they start shooing horses?


That's a good question. That, but that's doesn't feel like a Mongolia thing. I mean, people can ride the, the, the Mount Archery. They, oh my God. I'm sure You Know About this. The mount archery is so insane. They would, they had the ability to hang off the side of the horse so they would shoot from under the horse's neck. So they were completely defended by the horse. And they were shooting arrows and their bows were 160 pounds. So you had to be in insane. They said that a lot of the skeletons they find from that era, their bones are deformed. 'cause your whole body has just been pulling 160 pounds with your right arm or your left arm, like your whole life.


So your right side is like insanely muscled. And your bones are all twisted and thicker and d denser tendons and everything. 'cause they've been doing that since they were children. Yeah. They were insane. They start out And it was like two years old. Yeah, yeah. Insanely formidable army. Insanely formidable. But here's, so something to take into consideration when we're saying about like how gingis Khan's gene were genes were spread, but, but just right off the bat, it's all awful. All horrible. I wish no one ever got killed by anybody, ever. It's all awful. All war is hell. All of it. All is hell. There was so much of it going on throughout human history that women would, there was a survival mechanism in accepting this conquer as your new husband when he slaughtered your husband.


This is the only way your genes passed on. So these women were able, I mean, even if they said they fell in love with him, you know, even if they did marry him, even if they were happy to marry him, there was like all almost an evolutionary requirement because we slaughtered each other so much that if you wanted your genes to pass on, you had to accept the slaughter of your former mate. And then in modern day society, we'll call that rape. Right. But it's, it's a, it's, we have to use different words for that time. Right? 'cause there is rape where as like violent rape as part of war, as part of a mechanism of terror.


I think even as just part of society up until like a few thousand years ago, or even a few hundred years ago, I think human beings, you know, like I've had a bunch of friends who've served overseas and the stories they tell from Afghanistan, especially with the child raping is fucking bone curdling. Like you, you blood curdling, just like, you just wanna leave the room when they're talking. You don't even wanna hear this. You don't wanna think that this is happening. And it's happening right now because it's an old culture. It's an old culture and it's separate from the rest of the world. It's very remote, very difficult to access.


You have warlords and herders who are living in these nomadic tribes to this day. Not much different than when Alexander the Great conquered it. So I, I should say that jenkins com from everything I understand was, was not progressive, but he was very pragmatic. This is why he allowed All religions. All religions. Yes. Which is Thomas Jefferson, I should say deeply admired Genis Khan for this. The freedom of religion. Yeah. And he didn't just say freedom of religion. It's freedom of an individual to practice any religion they want. Which is a, it's like individualism. Yeah. It's a, it's a really revolutionary badass idea for that time. For that place. Well, he Was, he recognized strength and the, the value of accepting strength and taking, and the strength in unity.


The strength in community. If people can worship whatever they want, but I'll be united under one banner. It's better than dividing everybody. And the feminist thing that I mentioned, he would put women in power. Why is he a feminist? No. He understood that women are able to rule men conquer better in his perspective. And women rule better because they keep a stable society. So he would do, he would marry a woman to the king of the place and then send the king off to fight the ruler to fight knowing for sure he is going to die. But the woman is now ruling.


And then there's a lot of like progressive things about, like, there were a lot to show their face, especially in the, in the Persian lands where they conquered, like they're allowed to wear these fancy head dresses, which is, you know, take A floss a little. Yeah, exactly. Chicks got excited about that. Yeah, Exactly. New rules. And the other thing, you know, on the, this is the, the, the tricky thing is the, the Mongolian tribes, where JenCon came up, by the way, came up from nothing. Father slaughtered, I mean, this is Yeah. From nothing. The, they all, that was a common practice to steal wives. To steal women. Yeah. And the, well, He had one of his wives stolen and she came back pregnant.


That Was like the origin story. The origin story of Jeniss Kahn, right. Is like his, the love of his life who was married to him for his whole life that he proposed, or he said, you're gonna, we're gonna marry at nine years old. At, she was kidnapped and he had to raise an army in order to rescue her back. That's the, that was the, the, the, the sort of the, the split in the road. He would've been a normal Mongol, but here he has to raise an army to rescue her back. Wow. And then he realized he's really fucking good at this whole rescue ethic. But it started with, you know, that's, it's a real love Story's.


You know what Go, what's I could find is that the horses were uns chewed, uns chewed. But they did do something that this says here, they used some sort of skin to cover it, But interesting. Allowed to dry and place order to acquire the shape of a hoof. Perfect. The technique to cover the hoof, which offered greater abilities of their armies to move faster and more efficiently than their opponents Interesting horses shoes were around for at least two or 300 years before them. Interesting. So they probably knew about them Skins. That's interesting what you're saying about him developing the ability and like, really, Hey, I'm really good at this. Do you know that's exactly what happened with the Somali pirates? Mm. Do you know the Somali Pirates origin story? No. The Somali Pirates called themselves the People's Coast Guard of Somalia.


They were, they were defending their waters against Europeans dumping toxic waste in the ocean. They were fishermen. So they had found that these ships were dumping water and killing all their fish and say, these motherfuckers we're gonna hold them responsible. So they boarded these ships, kidnapped them, and said, Hey, you have to pay us. We've lost all this money from all our fish. We don't have any fish. Give us money or we'll kill these motherfuckers. And they gave them money and they said, Hey, let's start killing kidnapping people. Like this is, this is way better. And then, You know, there's obviously, there's a narcotic aspect to it because of cat. 'cause the widespread use of this narcotic cat, which is like a, an amphetamine that they, is it a leaf?


KHAT Think so. Yeah. That's like, you know, the guy on the boat. Look, look at me. I'm the captain now that guy's cracked out. I mean, they're all real skinny. And what's really important in that dynamic is who is the leader that emerges. That's the interesting thing about Jenis Kahan, he became super powerful. That person could have been incompetent. I mean, Jenis Kahan could have been a bunch of different people. Right. He instilled, one of the really revolutionary things is meritocracy. Right. By the way, he appointed his kids. Several people, including Marcus Aurelius, wrote fancy, you know, meditations. He, he failed as a emperor by appointing his kids the ever before him.


The five emperors, all appointed based generals based on merit. Right? So Genus Khan always appointed based on merit. Who's the best person here to, to lead the, the, the, the groups, which is a revolutionary idea for the time. 'cause it was usually based on kin, like your relationship, your brothers, your sisters, your, your father. So on. That was really important. And the other thing I mentioned is about the tribes. The origin story is everybody would kidnap and actual rape the, the women. They would steal women in the Mongol Empire. As soon as he won over the entire original Mongolia, he banned.


That was a strict rule. There's no kidnapping of wives. That was a rule from Mongolia. And that rule propagated everywhere. That's wild. He's like, this is what got us into this shit. Yeah. So, which is one of the pieces of evidence where they're like, it's like that there was a lot of cracking down on the, the whole rape thing. But there's a caveat of like, well, why is there's so many dead bodies where like the atmosphere changed. Yeah. Why is the carbon footprint different of the human race during the time that he was alive? But it's that, it's interesting because we also have to look, look at things in a perspective of living in the year 1200, or what is it, 1200 forties? Like what, when was he around 12?


I should know this. 12 what? Or 13. So, yeah. We'll, well, Jamie will find out. It's so you have to, it's very hard to do. And it's not apologizing for these people. I'm not like saying that we should apply the way they looked at the world today. I think the way we look at the world is infinitely better and we're moving in an infinitely better direction. And I think we have like large extremes that go in one direction and things push back in the other direction too far. There's an overcorrection and then they balance out. I think we're generally moving in a direction of a more kind, more peaceful society. I think we're better. That said, 1200 years ago, the world was hell. There was no newspapers, no one could read.


Okay, where did you get your information from? You got your information from priests and from generals and you know, you shared information. If your farmers, you, the world was horrific. People fought with bows and arrows and in cannons and catapults and murder was commonplace. If you were 12 years old, you've probably seen a few people killed already. It was a different time to be alive. Diseases would kill everybody. There was no medicine. You broke your leg, you're dead. You know, you, you get infected, you're dead. It was just, the world was a very, very different place. It was so, so dangerous and so fucking terrifying.


And people relied on their base instincts and their, the, the worst aspects of humanity. They relied on that to survive because that was all around you. You had to become a monster if you wanted to live in monstrous times. And that's why the rule of law had to be enforced in a brutal way. Yeah. One of the really powerful things he did is protect merchants. People that traded. Yeah. If you fuck with people that trade that that, that on the silk road, you're going to get slaughtered. Yeah. It's not like there's going to be a process. You get slaughtered. Yeah. In fact, one of the, one of the reasons I hesitate to say this because people are projecting to the future, but he slaughtered, he took kyiv and slaughtered people because they broke the rule of, I forget the term for this, but the people that are sent out to communicate before the battle starts Ambassadors.


And the ambassadors, the rule is you don't fuck with kill them. Yeah. And the kivan residents killed them. And that's where the, you break the rule. Yeah. It's like, that's it, then it's total war. And you had to do that. I mean, you don't have to do that, but that is one of the, well, if You're living back, then you have to do that. And, and then you look at like, but the result is complete slaughter. And by the way, Thank you for rescuing me, for I said a bunch of stupid shit. And you're adding more complexity and depth and nuance and Well, we just got started. You know, I love brother, I know how you I love you too.


I love you to death, man. Thank you. You know how you, when you begin a podcast, You know, I don't know if you're, you're like this, but for me, I gotta get cooking. You know, sometimes that's one of the reasons why I like to talk to people. I like to talk sometimes for like 15 minutes, even before we go on air. The danger is they're gonna say something and I'm gonna ask 'em to repeat it. Yeah. I don't want that. So sometimes I'll come in hot and I'm like, let's just go right now. But your brain, you, you don't know. We're gonna talk about the Mongols and rape. Right? Yeah. And so then all of a sudden you we're in this very intense conversation about the responsibility you have as a podcaster, which is a crazy thing to say, but you do, you have probably more responsibility than anybody.


And then this subject comes up in the middle of that. Yeah. And then you like, And before that, we were joking about ejaculating in space. Yeah. That's how we started it. Yeah. Yeah, bro. I mean, we used to have mo open up some of the most serious conversations this podcast ever had with a fleshlight ad. Yeah. The early days of the podcast, that was the only sponsor we had. So it's like, you, You know it, this is again, you reacting to criticism, right? Yeah. So it's like the fear of the criticism of you yourself, knowing you could have done a better job of explaining that had you prepared something, which is really the difference between off the cuff conversations and like your, your actual well considered thoughts on things expressed in the best way possible.


Which is what you would do if you're gonna write it out, if you're gonna write a substack piece about it. Well, one of the things I'm trying to do for myself personally, I think a lot of people have to do this when young kids have to do this, is figure out how to create like a psychological framework where I'm not affected by the internet. It sounds like ridiculous to say, but you say don't read the comments, but they, they, they get, they come at you like they, they you'll, yeah. They'll find their way. And I need to you can You, it doesn't work. Nobody do. Nobody's good at it. Even Elon's not good at it. Just post and ghost post and ghost post things that you think are interesting and just get out of there. Don't read stuff about yourself. Someone said this, I think it was Anthony Hopkins, he was talking about someone's opinion of him.


He said, that doesn't concern me. No. Was it Anthony Hopkins? I think it was. But he was like, their opinions of me are not my business. But let's, let's add to this little puzzle. What if a bunch of your friends say you're getting canceled online? By the way, tuck Carlson is good at this. He doesn't read Anything. Yeah. He doesn't even have social media. Yeah, I know. I always wanna send him things like this. Motherfuckers don't gonna look at this. What if like, all your friends have read the thing, right? Like that you or your parents or so on your loved ones. Okay. Like, and there the thing could be just a bunch of lies about You.


Sure. Like what? That's a, that, like, for me, that's a little bit of a tricky thing. Well, that's not something you should ignore. Right. If you wanna make a statement, there's nothing wrong with that. What I'm saying is don't regularly regular, regularly engage in people's opinions of the product that you put out. Yeah. I don't think it's healthy for you. Yeah. Because I think first of all, this, you know, I've said this before, I'm only kind of joking, but I'm kind of serious. Most people commenting are losers. Sorry. If you're doing it All the time and you're doing it in a negative way All the time, this is not everybody. There's a lot of like, really well thought out commentary on YouTube videos that I see on if occasionally I'll read someone's Instagram page and I'll read my friend's comments.


Some people are brilliant, don't get me wrong. But it is a haven for Fuckheads. It's a place where people can go and just try to insult people and say the most negative thing possible. And they generally, I think there's generally a lot of like dull minded people that gravitate towards the negativity. You know, where that differs is Christians, which is interesting. Like a lot of like low wattage Christians are still super nice, You know, and they'll just praise Jesus and look for forgiveness, the real ones. Right. Which is a great thing that we should all aspire to. Yeah. Like the default state is super nice.


Yes. Default state. What you're supposed to do if you really follow Jesus's teaching is like be completely nonviolent and be a beautiful person and love everybody. Like it's your brother. That's, that's what he wants. That's like, you know, and if you follow that, but there's just too many assholes and too many disgruntled people out there that have terrible lives. You know, the most men lead lives of quiet desperation. The throw line that I fucking love so dearly. It's such a great line. That's so true. And maybe even more true today because of the unnatural world in which we're thrust in. So not only are people doing things that they hate most of the time, but they're also engaging with their phone more than they are with people.


So they're engaging in this very bizarre, non-physical way that is detached from any human interaction, detached from emotions, eye contact, the feel of being with someone, the, the back and forth of a conversation between two people. Like if you and I were gonna disagree about something, if there was like some political thing or some social thing that you and I disagreed about, we could sit and just, I want to know why you think the way you think. Like I want to know. Like, if you think a thing and I disagree with it, the first thing I want to know is, and this is not something I always had. I got way better at this in my life. As I've gotten older and had more conversations with people, you gotta like, absolutely know what this person thinks.


Don't like attack it, don't twist it around, don't distort it. You have to kind of steal man. It, you have to be as charitable to that position as possible. And then occasionally when you find things that you disagree with, you have to stop and you have to say, okay, here's my problem with this. And it has to be done in good faith. You have to be doing it not to win. You have to be doing it to figure out what's right. And everybody's so fucking attached to their opinions and their ideology that most of the time, most conversations are had where one person, at least on social media, one person's trying to win. You're trying to win All the time. You're playing this stupid game.


It's a dumb ass game where everybody's a loser. But we just watched the P Morgan thing. That's the Same thing. It Clearly pulled in your attention. I love it. You're aware of it. Yeah. See, you love it. You're, you're the, you're part of the problem, Joe. Oh, a hundred percent. Yeah. I'm a huge part of the problem. You're human, don't get me wrong. Meaning You're a human being. Well, Yeah. Well also like how much do I contribute to people wasting their time? TikTok reels, like Instagram reels, Twitter things. How many fucking Twitter articles get wr written about every stupid thing? I said, I mean, for three days Dragon Believer was trending. Just get some wacky old lady thinks I believe in dragons. But this is just the, the nature of the world.


I love that aspect of the internet. I love the wacky shit. Yeah. Even the Ukraine war footage, which is horrible. What it's doing is giving you a more nuanced version of the world. And some of it's not good. Like, I watched a video today of a guy who got killed by a tiger. Well, he didn't get killed by a tiger, he got torn apart by a tiger. The wounds man, the wounds that this guy, like, I didn't think like, what would a tiger do to you if a tiger bit your face? You wanna say? Yeah. Yeah, you do. I knew You did because I'm, you Were sitting, you getting a little curious. I'm switching over to Android buddy. Welcome. Yeah, welcome to the I I just have a few more steps that I have to do before I switch over. And I'm gonna try to communicate only with encrypted apps from now on.


No. Hey, WhatsApp Signal. I mean, it's just sort of like limiting Twitter replies to registered accounts, you know, to, you know, people like to do that. I'm gonna try to do that. I'm gonna try to use WhatsApp for everything. I was gonna use Signal, but Yeah, I don't know the people that use Signal. I don't know. It, it Seems too secret. Squirrel. You, I don't even know what that means, but Yeah. You Know, like you're a spy of using Signal. Yeah. I use it though. I use it All the time. I don't even, I mean, I'm totally being hypocritical here. What was I looking at? Oh, the Tiger thing, bro. This one's rough. This one's rough. This is Toms.


I sent it to him today. Toms and I send each other every day the worst shit that we can find on the internet. And it has been like legitimately, it's been one of the worst aspects of modern life for me. It's like every fucking day me and Tom are sending each other guys getting killed by assassins. Nice. It's every day. It's, there's so many footage, so many videos of cartel members whacking people. Like after a while you're like, holy shit, I don't know if I could do this anymore. Like every day someone's getting run over by a truck every day. And you're, that's so here it is. So this guy, they're shooting at the, gimme some volume so you can hear this.


So they shot at the Tigers just before this 'cause this guy had been bitten up. And so see they're shooting at 'em right now. And the tiger's like, nah, bitch. And the tiger's just biting down on this guy. So there's, so this is what the guy looked like. This is his wounds. Wow. It's not dead, bro. Look at his head. I mean, his bone is exposed. Oh, he's moving. Yeah. No, he's alive, dude. What the fuck? Look at his face.


Watch his, show his face. So this guy climbed into a wildlife enclosure. Those were not wild tigers. It was, they were, you know, I don't wanna say tamed, they're not tamed, but there's some in some way at least minimized in their effectiveness that, you know, our buddy Paul sent me that Paul Rosalie sent me that. Oh Yeah, yeah. So that, this doesn't remind me of the jungle. Yeah. Our, Our our our, our buddy Paul is fearless. He's a bad motherfucker. Yeah. Paul Rosalie's a bad motherfucker.


That guy is literally putting his money where his mouth is, where his life is, trying to save the Amazon, like living in it, helping people, you know, hiring people to guard it. Taking people that were chopping the, the wood chopping the trees down and then giving them a new job to protect the trees. It's fucking amazing. And feel, and he feels the pain. Yeah. Like he literally like physically feels the pain of lost trees. He sent me something, I don't even know if I'm allowed to talk about it, but I, if if we're not, I'll edit it out afterwards. But he sent me a video. I can't show the video, but he sent me a video of an uncontacted tribe that he discovered. Yeah.


Did you, did he send you that? Yeah. Fucking insane. Yeah, it's insane. Just Complete uncontacted tribe. Naked in the forest. Hundreds of them. And they're, they're like pushing these boats filled with bananas out to them to give them food. The, the reason we could probably talk about it, the, they, they try not to show it so that people don't show up and try to find them. Exactly. You wanna kind of protect them. Exactly. That's why I don't know if we could even talk about it, but he has brought up the uncontacted tribes before on the show and one of his friends was murdered by one, one of the tribes. He was, these guys drop off food to these people and one day they're like, you know what, enough whap, I'm just gonna kill you. Fuck you. I don't trust you.


Yeah. And we, we hung out, we talked to to, to a guy that that works with Paul is that has like a scar from, from a spear. Geez. Yeah. Yeah. Jesus bro. At least a hundred uncontacted groups in the rainforest. Unbelievable man. They're living like they were living 20,000 years ago. Maybe even more, you know, completely uncontacted. That is, that is to me one of the most fascinating aspects of human life today. It's not just that we're on the verge of quantum computing and AI becoming sentient. It's that we're coexisting at the same time with people that have a completely subsistence based lifestyle with the, the stuff that's around them.


You know, stone tools literally pointed sticks for spears that they've been doing this for thousands and thousands of years and they're living at the same time as smartphone addiction. Not only that, those people probably their roots go. They could be the original civilization. I mean like, I, I believe that there, Look at that. Isn't that crazy? Look at those people That is so wild. Was taken in June. I think. Man, that would be so if you could just be a fucking fly on the wall and observe that life like without interfering somehow so just remotely ah, that would be so incredible. You Would be doing what the aliens are doing Right now.


I think that is what they're doing. I think it's real similar. I really do. Yeah. I think if you just looked at the natural progression of human beings And what we're talking about with quantum computing and AI and the technological innovations that are without doubt gonna hit us like a tsunami over the next 20 years, 30 years, whatever it is to we, what are we gonna become? We're gonna become what they are. The same kind of thing. And if there was a planet that had something like us that's emerging and just figuring out how to split the atom And, you know, and still involved in tribal warfare, a primate that's still involved with tribal warfare but now has nuclear bombs. That's us. Also. Dick picks also, you know, also OnlyFans also, you know, just massive social media addicts all over the, the entire planet while we're engaging in tribal warfare with hypersonic weapons.


So they would be studying us the same way we're studying these folks. Same thing. You know, when we find out a guy got shut hit with a spear, like, oh fuck what happened? These people are crazy. Like, you gotta be careful. Like when Paul was saying that they were there and they realized that the tribe was close, like they were starting to hear things and they, they realized they were probably being hunted and they just got the fuck outta there as quick as they could, could. That's terrifying. I do not wanna wake up to news on my feed that Paul Rosalie got killed by an uncontacted trial. Well he's, I mean that guy leaps into adventure. Yeah. It's, I've gotten the chance to hang out with him and it is great. There's, there's certain people, I haven't met many people like him on the, in the way that you've described, but also in the way where he sees Elon is a little bit like this actually.


It like he sees the opportunity for adventure and he just leaps into it. It's not like a it deep, deliberate process of strategy and planning and so on. Right. It's just something pulls at him and that's a really fun person to be with. But a couple that with just extreme competence. Like he's good at surviving. Yeah, he's, he's just, he's, he's as good at taking risks and good at surviving. And that's so like the, the uncontacted tribes or the crazy shit we did in the jungle, just like getting lost and have almost dying. All that kind of stuff. And He's a really nice guy. Super nice. I Mean a really nice guy. And it's just like, there's something to that. He's an actual good person.


He's really doing this for a good cause You Yeah. Yeah. And it's not just the, the Amazon rainforest. He's also gonna Africa and India and sort of trying to save nature. I mean like, I mean you go out hunting the, the forest is a bit different than like the, the, the Amazon rainforest. Their life is, It's a lot different. It's like Real intense. Like there's a lot. Yeah Man. You're in the middle of a soup of life. It really is. When you have that much life, just think about the amount of insects, the bus you were around it, the buzzing at night. Explain that. What that sounds like. Yeah, it's an, it's an orchestra. I mean it's millions of little organisms and if you Just screaming, there's no silence at night.


Oh yeah. They're all fucking, They're all screaming and fucking and killing each other. Yeah. And it's all life eats life all around you. It's life, eating life. And with one, one of the ways to experience that is the sound. The other way is just the standing there stuff starts crawling at you pretty quickly. Yeah. So, and you get this, did you Get bit by a bullet an No, but you know, step very close to it. There's a lot. I mean I want to get bit by one In, in the context here. I would love to get bit by one. Would You do it on the podcast? Oh yeah. We in bullet dance. Let's go. Yeah. So You have to take a day off of everything else I think.


What are you a pussy? I think you do. I think you don't want to be interviewing some person about ai. Just sweating. Just sweating and agony. I Think everybody Likes to think they have like super high pain tolerance. You know that about men. It's fun. Men always like to think, oh man, I got fucking crazy pain tolerance. Meanwhile, meanwhile, don't women have a much higher, Much higher pain tolerance. Higher, you know, is the highest redheaded women. Oh, That explains a lot. This is up for debate, but I sent Jamie something recently. Yeah. Do you remember that thing I sent you? So we were talking about on the podcast multiple times 'cause I had read that, that they had a higher pain threshold. I'm like, that's weird. I wonder why. Well, well because everybody's been fucking with Gingers forever.


They've been beating their ass. They're like an MMA guy who's got two older brothers. You know, they're fucking, they can take it. The scariest MMA fighters have older brothers who used to beat them up. 'cause they're ready to fucking throw down All the time. Like the scariest guys or or abusive stepdad. Those two. Yeah. That makes a scary guy or abusive father. The guys that I know that are the fucking scariest, they had abusive dads. They had people that beat them up when they were young and they just get fucking used to going, just ready to go. They don't have a fear of going. They want to go, they want to go All the time. Let's fucking go. Like they've just been, that's the only way to survive. If you're a kid and you have a, a brother who's four years old and your dad is a raging alcoholic and he beats your mom in front of you and your brother beats your ass too, like fuck man, you better be hard or you're not gonna make it.


There's no pillow to cry into it. You gotta fight your brother. He's four years older than you. He might knock you out today. He knocked you out last week. He laughs at you when you're on your back. Yeah. I mean, not to return to the topic, but Jenis Khan murdered his older brother. Yeah. Because he was picking on him Because he stole his fish. Stole his fish. Yeah. He said, fuck you shot him in the bow and arrow. The mom freaked out. Yeah. Called him a monster. Yeah, she was. Right. Well also you learn how to kill your brother when you're, You know, what was he six, wasn't He? Yeah. Something like that. Yeah, Something like that. Yeah. Like This. And he gets married at nine. Yeah. You're getting off on the wrong foot And conquers an empire at 16.


But they didn't expect you to live past 30. You know, if you got to 30, you were an old fuck back Then. Meanwhile he lived like into his sixties I think. Yeah. He lived really long and he was consulting with monks 'cause he was trying to figure out how to live longer, how to live forever. He was like, You know, he felt the iron, he ebbing from his blood and he felt the body weaken and he wanted to visit it today, be on TRT, he'd be fucking great. Kick your Ass. His kids are kind of disappointing. I mean this like, Well Of course. Yeah. Isn't that always the case? Yeah, that's the thing. Like show me a man who's a great man, who's the son of a great man. It's tough. It's tough. It's a hard road. I mean, you have to have a very exceptional father who recognizes the requirements that this kid is gonna go through if you're fucking Genis Khan's son.


And meanwhile you're also running an empire like raising kids is, it is a very involving thing. And it's a thing. And you have to know which ones to push and which ones to just let them be themselves. Which ones to support, which ones to encourage and how to encourage and how to, how to, how to instill discipline. How to show them how, how important it's to feel the pain of loss and to feel like failure and to understand that this doesn't make you a bad person. These are just the lessons of life and the energy that comes with doing something well and throwing yourself into something and finding success versus half-assing your existence and feeling filled with misery and regret.


And that's a difficult thing when you're sleeping on silk sheets. Yeah. You know, that was like what Marvin haggle used to talk about. Like, You know, it's hard to get up in the morning and run when you're sleeping in silk sheets. He was talking about the pull of, as you become successful, boxers get softer and it's 'cause they start getting rich, You know? And then, you know, just chill a little bit. Well, if you have a sun then and the sun's growing up rich and you're chill, like, fuck man. Like you wanna make a conquer, you wanna make a a, you wanna make a champion fighter, give them a rough childhood. I don't think you should do it. Definitely shouldn't be mean to your kid just so that they could be a badass fighter.


Well, I, I think it's also, there's probably a balance you can hit, but a lot of these folks, because they had nothing, they wanna spoil their kids. They go too far in the other direction. So It's not, it's it's not, it's like harder to be a strict parent. I think Mitzi Shore used to ignore, ignore Pauly just to make him funnier. She talked about it. Yeah. She talked about ignoring him when he was crying. It'll make 'em funny. She was right. Yeah. She knew what she was doing. But it's like to do that, if you are a conqueror and you, you came up from shooting your brother with a bow and arrow and then raising an army to take back your wife and then you have children and your children are born when you're 40, you know, and you've, you've got this insane empire that's like one of the most spectacular and impressive military accomplishments if you just look at it in terms of just like the sheer numbers of human beings.


They sent into the reincarnation cycle. Like it's fucking, it's a crazy number. Man. They killed somewhere between, I think the estimates are 50 to 60 million people over the course of his lifetime. 10% of the population of Earth. Yeah. And they, you know how by like Direct brutal, one-on-one contact bows and arrows, fire catapults, swords, spears trampled. And through all of that, it doesn't seem like power corrupted the guy.


So he was, he he was big on unmarked grave. No statues were allowed to be made of him. No paintings, no anything. Not just that they killed everybody that was involved in it. Yeah. The people that went to to bury him, another group came out to kill them and then another group came out to kill the people that killed them. So they came in three waves so that no one would have any idea where Genis Khans buried. And we still don't know, You know, that's one of the, the qualities of, there's a perception of zelensky, sort of the actor, the showman, all that kind of stuff. Some of that is true, but in his interactions that I'm aware of with the soldiers, there is no like, he wants to be on the exact same level sleep on the same bunks.


No glamor, none of that. Which I personally admire. No leader in general, just walk amongst the soldier. It's a very admirable thing. I mean, if you're gonna ask people to lead, could you imagine if Biden was at the front line? You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. You may maybe see Kamala Harris at the front line in Afghanistan. Could you see that? No. Did you see Obama at the front line? No. Did you see Trump at the front line? Fuck outta here. 78 years old. Leave him alone. Yeah, it's a very admirable thing. And if you know, that's the thing. If people have always said the number one concern that people have with the military industrial complex is sending young men to die in a war that's unnecessary for profit while you are in an air conditioned office.


Right. That was during fear and loathing in Las Vegas. Who was it? McGovern? Did McGovern say that? But it was a very powerful speech. He said, I'm tired of watching these old men in air conditioned offices send young men to die in these unnecessary wars, Actually. So If you're, if you're willing to be out there too, that's a very different thing. That's a very different thing. I mean, some people would make the argument that a president should moderate how much they do that because you could die. You could die. But it also wears on it to make compromised decisions in the realm of geopolitics.


And in the realm of war, you have to have a bit of coldness. If you really feel the pain of soldiers, you may make unwise decisions. In terms of diplomatic decisions. In terms, Yes. In terms of, for example, you've seen a lot of people die. Children die. And if you've seen enough, there's no, the idea of quote unquote peace is a dirty word, right? Like you want justice. Isn't that a problem right now? Not just in Ukraine, but also in Gaza. Yeah. I mean that, this is the thing that the, the sheer number of people that died that, that had nothing to do with it is crazy.


It's crazy. I think the, the most recent estimate, and they don't even know because there's so many people that are under rubble. The most recent estimate was somewhere north of 60,000 people. And how many of them are kids? Like, what's the number of kids that have been killed by missiles that had done nothing wrong? Like, what's that number? And those kids have families and those kids have mothers and brothers and sisters, and some people that lived and some people that died. And whoever makes it out of that. You wanna radicalize somebody. You want to radicalize somebody to, to, to just want nothing but revenge.


I can think in no better way, no better way. You know? And, and here Donald Trump is tasked with Yeah. Going in there and trying to make peace. I think I'm pretty optimistic about just knowing the skillset of All the people involved in Israel, Palestine and Russia, Ukraine. I'm pretty optimistic about, I can't believe those people, those hostages are still alive. Yeah. How many of 'em are still alive now? Do You know? I dunno what the exact numbers are, but it's crazy that the, the, the what they were not freed sooner. The whole thing's horrible from top to bottom, including All the people that have decided what happened.


People that are saying it was definitely a false flag. Like, or these things are complicated. These things are complicated. It's definitely like whenever something horrible happens and someone fucked up, like someone fucked up. Israel's the most protected place on earth. It's one of the most secure countries on earth. For them to let something like that happen is just a huge fuck up. But what I had heard was that there was also a lot of troops that were stationed near where there were protests. So there was a lot of protests about Netanyahu before October 7th happened, which most people aren't even aware of. There was hundreds of thousands of people in the streets protesting Netanyahu before October 7th.


So then October 7th comes, and then, you know, all of a sudden now, whenever you have any sort of military engagement, any sort of, you are at war right now. When those things happen, one of the first things that happens is All the protests and All the bullshit stops. 'cause now a bunch of people got killed. And when anything like that happens, and you are now involved in a countrywide assault on this other country, everything else gets put aside. And so the big conspiracy fe fear has always been when a leader knows that they're gonna get pushed out, they'll start a false flag or start a war.


So they look at October 7th and they say they let that happen. Or they say they, they had knowledge of it, they knew it was gonna happen. They knew it. But they wanted an excuse to raise Gaza. They wanted an excuse to just have a full on bombing campaign against Hamas. I mean, you definitely need to look at the incentives there. That is one of the concerns in Ukraine for, for President Zelensky. The, the, the prospects of ending the war. 'cause right now, the country's unified. If you end the war and you have elections, now you have to face a lot of the consequences internally. Right. About the potential discovery of corruption. Right. About the suspension of democracy, about all of these things.


And the same thing with Netanyahu, who, by the way, also, I, they want to do a three hour podcast. And so for, with, with me, I, I talked to 'em before October 7th for an hour. I, I regret talking to 'em for an hour. One of the things I really learned a lot from you and from just myself, you can't, you can't do one of the things I really don't like what happened with me talking to Donald Trump is like 40 minutes with Donald Trump. Yeah. Like, it, it, it was a mistake. They didn't really, there was a, I was almost willing to do that with Kamala Harris. Kamala was Entertaining. I was entertaining. The 45 minute one. I was entertaining. 'cause I was like, maybe if I could just come in at a 10 to like work my brain up, like really come in and just engage with her real quick.


I just wanted to get, I wanted to get loose. I don't, the problem is like, I want to see how you are as a real person. I, I think actually genuinely with you and Kamala Harris, I think 45 minutes is horrible. But I think you're so skilled and like com compassionate, just like, it's fun. It's fun to talk to you. I think it would just end up being much, much longer. That's, that's the hope. If that's the hope. Yeah. But there would be questions though. And there some questions would be very complicated. Like the immigration question. Like, I would say, what's happening? Like, what is happening? What's, what are your, do you think that there should be limitations to this? Do you think it should be stopped alt-right? What do you think we should round up All the people that we know that are terrorists that made it across?


Are we keeping track of them? Do we know how many? Do we know what happened? Do we know why it happened? Why are people opposed to the idea of cracking down on border patrol and making more, you know, making more soldiers available, putting walls up everywhere. Like, what is the reason to not do this? Like, tell me what you're thinking. And when people start talking about labor, they talk, talking about bringing in labor and then our, our population is lower. Like Chuck Schumer brought that up. Talk about like, we need workers. And I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. What are we saying? We don't, is there, is that really what the problem is? That Americans aren't willing to do jobs and you, you wanna bring any illegal people? How about just make legal immigration easier for poor people that are trying to get over here?


How about just scra, scan them, screen 'em, make sure that they're not fucking murderers. Make sure they're not cartel members, and then let 'em in easier. Like, wouldn't that be a better way to do it? To vet people? But the idea of not vetting people just doesn't make any sense at all. That would've been a problem. That conversation would've been a problem. Because it doesn't make any sense at all. And I'm a, I'm a grandchild of immigrants. I, I, I believe in immigration. I think, I think America is the fucking shining light in the world. Like, if you can get here, You can actually make something happen. There's not a caste system. They actually reward people from, you know, start from the bottom nowhere here. Like, that's a thing here. Although that's Drake, East's Canada. But it's that, that, that Thought.


That's gonna be America soon, right? Yeah. We're gonna take over Canada for sure. Yeah. That needs to happen. Yeah. 51st state. Let's go Puerto Rico's next. You gotta become a real state. Now, Puerto Rico, Puerto Rico's got a weird thing where you're allowed to not pay taxes, but you can't vote. Do you know that deal? That's the Peter Schiff deal. You don't, yeah. You don't vote. But you don't pay federal income tax. Like, all right. Feel, I think you're gonna go to jail someday. I think one day they're gonna fucking pull you inside and go, we changed that rule and you owe us $4 billion in back taxes. You fucking criminal. What are you doing out here? Hanging out on this island?


Just stealing money. But yeah, We, we definitely need legal, legal immigration. The idea of bringing like the best people in the world here. Yeah. But also Mark Andreessen talks about this like, we need to make sure we recruit like the Midwest, the farm boys. Yes. Get them to like, do epic shit inside. You know, Americans, well, Hey, here's step one. Ramp up the fucking education system. Yeah. Jesus Christ. At what point in time do we not say, how far do we have to slip down the list of like the best performing students in the world before someone comes along and says, Hey, the whole thing about this place is if our kids are losers Yeah.


They're gonna grow up to become loser adults. Yeah. Make it way easier to be a winner. Yeah. What's the best way to do that? Have a way better education system. Just imagine if they completely revamped the education system in this country. Just poured a shit load of money and had the wisest minds come up with a brilliant strategy for more creative ways of approaching learning, pushing people into viable pathways that maybe didn't even exist when the education system was structured. 'cause things have changed so much in the world that you could probably do a way better job than we're doing, which would make people come outta that, that would emerge better qualified people.


So we would get more shit done in America. So America would prosper overall. The GDP would grow the fucking, everything would be better. You'd have less poverty, you'd have, this is, that's where they need to start. Just not just letting All the immigrants, how about fix what we got here and then expand that outward. Like make this place the best it can be, and then expand that idea out to the rest of the world. So instead of like letting everybody walk here from third world countries, because third world countries suck, expand what's better out to the rest of the world. And a big part of that is actually culturally changing, accepting, celebrating.


Venerating Meritocracy. Yes. So like the guy in the class. See I, you know, having gone to school in the Soviet Union, like I was good at math and I was actually, believe it or not, super cool because I was good at math in class when I was like, whoa, whoa. Like I was the cool kid because I was good at math. Like I was getting like work in America. We think you were work at a girlfriend when I was young. Shut shut Isn't up. But No, no, no. I think it's wrong. I think they wrong. Violent. You should get violent. You should. But I think they're wrong because, but it's a fascinating thing to make fun of the smart kid. Yeah. It's, it's, I mean, especially Math fucking robot over there. Science. But actually just isn't that Weird? But honestly even, yeah, I mean, in all walks of life, sports is a little better.


We do celebrate great athletes, but there's still kind of this, the participation trophy thing. There's still a kind of sense where we want to help the people that aren't quite as good at a thing. That's Only with little kids though, right? Sports, sports are, but it Starts there Up here. Well how little like Sports, once kids get into like the teenage years, sports is a meritocracy. Yes. But culturally, do we really say like, this is like, this is amazing that this person is winning. Yeah. We we do Get there. I wanna take you to a Texas football game. Well, Texas, it's different. I mean, Texas is Texas. This is what America should be. This is what America should be. It should all, it should all be fired up.


But not just about football. No. But all kinds of Things. Everything. Music. Here's the problem. Football, like physics, quarterbacks get laid. All right. That's a handsome guy. He's gonna life. That's what I'm trying to tell you. Okay. Scientist, Physicists. Physicists used to late in the Soviet Union will get a lot of pussy. What about Feinman? Well, he got, yes. Yeah, but he's another level. Level. A lot of those guys were freaks, right. Oppenheimer, you saw the movie. He was a freak. Yeah. Those guys were studs because they were the smart people and there was a lot of grad students that wanted to fuck the professor. And that was normal stuff back then. But I don't know if they were studs in the general population. They were studs in a way. They were, look, look, Einstein was a national hero, right?


There's no one like that today. There's no one scientist. That's a groundbreaking research of theory of relativity where everybody's aware of it. There's nothing like that today. We'll, We celebrate people like, maybe like Neil deGrasse Tyson who are communicators of science. Yeah. But not to the same extent. He's not to the same extent. He, he's, he's criticized way more than Einstein ever was. Einstein was pretty celebrated. It, it's just, and even Feynman, like for the people that knew him, like he was a, he was a cultural figure. He wasn't an obscure name. Like if you brought up Richard Feynman, most people that like watched the news and read newspapers probably know who he is if they were in their thirties.


That's not the case today for, you know, say someone who's groundbreaking research with AI or someone who's involved in quantum computing, or just, it is just a few of these science communicators, you know, Brian Cox, like guys like him were great at it. When, in terms of like space, you know, and some guys are better at it in terms of like talking about AI or talking about all, there's just All the different emerging technologies. 'cause there's so many of 'em. But there's no one person who's like our, other than Elon, but Elon's like such a unique character. You can't even, like, you can't put him in the same categories as an Einstein. 'cause he's just like a cultural weirdness.


Like who is this guy? Like making memes, cracking jokes, dunking on people, telling people to go fuck themselves, buys Twitter. You know, it runs a bunch of different companies simultaneously while playing video games constantly. It's like, that doesn't fit in anywhere else. That's like a very unique thing that exists. This Elon Musk guy. Yeah. Like he's one of the most unique human beings in all of history of, But you can even move to, like, even to Jeff Bezos, who by the way, successfully launched the first rocket yesterday to Orbit. Yeah. Which Is, which is incredible. Amazing. Even He is gets like, I think that's, that should be that, that should be venerated, that Ability.


Sure. But he's not the guy that's making the, the, he's not doing the calculations and designing and engineering the machines. Right. Like Werner von Braun was. So, it's like the, what we're fascinated by today is different. It's, it's like we're fascinated by these public figures that talk about the work that's being, that's going on. But the people that are actually doing it, there's not like one standout. Although to say both Jeff Bezos and Elon are legit good engineers. Like they for to see them manufacturing floor, they know what they're doing. Yeah, for sure. But like, the thing about Elon is weird is like, he just has so many things. You get, you get confused. That's crazy. Like, how can you do this? And I was talking about possibly buying TikTok. Yeah. Like, I wonder if they would go after him if he did that.


Would that be like a Min? But, but, but Bezos or rather, sorry, Zuckerberg rather they bought Instagram, right? So they have Facebook and Instagram, right? Yeah. And then they like, why couldn't you have TikTok and Twitter? What are you talking about Monopoly wise? Yeah. Like what's, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't think they'll go after 'em. They're trying to split up Google right now. Alphabet really like to make maybe Chrome or YouTube its own business. Mm. I think there's An argument. There's some argument, but like they, the Crazy thing about YouTube is how effective it is, right? Yeah. Like YouTube is, just think it's like, seems so straightforward. You just have a place where people can upload videos.


Okay. That's straightforward. And everybody should be able to make one of those, by the way. But no, there's just one really Hard to actually pull that off on the engineering side to be able to like, oh yeah. Just there's, there's just no other place like it to be able to post that much data. How about the Scale? Just the volume. The volume of fucking data that comes into their site every day. Yeah. It just, and and then there's people Of course online sort of criticizing YouTube for censorship, blah, blah blah. And I'm like always like, they should though. They should. But like, hey, more people need to be like this, this fucking thing exists. It's like wifi on the airplane. Yeah. It's like this is in, there's no other platform like YouTube? No. In terms of like the set of features, the community, they create the search and discovery.


Do you think? Yeah. Do you think Apple Regrets having it one being one of the first builtin apps on the iPhone. That could have had a lot to do with the growth? Well, definitely did. I'm sure They didn't make it, but they included it. Right. Also Google Maps was too, until they made their owning. Well, I mean, you probably wanna have the best shit on your phone. If you want people to buy it, you're kind of trapped. Everybody knows YouTube is the best shit. And if you get YouTube on an Android phone natively instantly, which you can, when you get an Android phone, it already has YouTube loaded onto it. Why wouldn't you load it on an iPhone? Everybody uses YouTube. You gotta pick your battles. It's 2007 though. That's true. You can only have three minute videos. Back then They probably didn't realize how big YouTube is gonna be.


Right. But what they did do, that's the sneakiest thing that drives me crazy is the 30%. So like if you start an app, you, oh, you put an app in the app store, the Apple store 30, they get 30%. Like that's crazy. That's, but because YouTube dominates so much, if people get censored, that's really painful like that. Like that's Not Yeah, well they're so, they're so in control of the video market. Yeah. And you know, I don't envy it. It's gotta be insane place to try to manage. But it's just kind of wild that no one else has been able to come up with anything even remotely close. You know, if you've got Rumble, they do really well. But it's like rumble's like a, like a very conservative ivermectin using Libertarian.


So to space, you know, It's like the opposite of Blue Sky. Like Blue Sky is like Exactly. But there's a lot of like left winging shows on Rumble Rumble's essentially like a legitimate free, free speech platform. They don't censor left wing views, you know, isn't breaking points. Are they on Rumble? I I watch 'em on YouTube. But I Was thinking Twitch for a while though was kind of close. And then Amazon T bought ITT pretty close. Right? Right. Twitch was close. I mean, but then when Amazon bought it, it some like, Twitch kind of disappeared. It's still a thing, but it's, it doesn't make money. It's not profitable. Which I arguably neither is YouTube. But once you put it, But isn't that crazy? Like if they didn't buy it, maybe it would've been, 'cause Twitch was huge. It still is. Really? Yeah. I mean there's All the, that's what kids watch.


But a lot of kids, they stream everywhere now. Right. And there's a bunch of like, is video games different? That's, is there like a bunch of different, Twitch became more, it was just in TV and it's kind of reverted back to it now. Like most of the popular stuff is IRL streaming people walking around, going places, doing shit streaming, going, you know, doing nonsense. It's so weird. And so what are the video games streamed on? What is everybody like? It's still, it's still that. There's been a few other ones that have tried. People like YouTube tried to do it. Facebook tried to do it. Microsoft tried to do it. It didn't work. Twitch is still, yeah, no, I watch video game streams on YouTube. See YouTube. There's still a few there. T Twitter's now tried to do it, but like the Microsoft one went away. Yeah. YouTube doesn't really advertise the live streaming stuff very well.


Mm. You can find it, but it's not So, so essentially it is just Twitch for video games. It's dominant for sure. Dominant. Dominant. Okay. So Twitch didn't go away. I'm just old. So it's, I thought there was a bunch of new ones that were good though, that people were using Kick. Kick Took off. Yeah, but it's not, everyone sort of went back to Twitch after they, So was that a deal where they like get like a famous streamer and they say, Hey, we're gonna give you money to come over to this new platform and then they try to start the Platform. Yeah. I mean, that's a good idea. You buy everyone to come over and hopefully everyone sticks just didn't stick. But just think about the resources you would have to have if you wanted to take on YouTube. Like, look, if Elon had decided like, okay, we need to turn X into the new YouTube.


Well he kind of wants to do that, right? Yeah. Which is kind of what he, but if you wanted to start a separate app, 'cause Twitch, or excuse me, X is still mostly people exchanging information. Yeah, mostly exchanging hyperlinks. The closest thing it's to is like TikTok on the video. The short video clips is, is good. Yeah. So I can see, actually I'm buying TikTok. It makes, it makes total sense and integrating into X. Yeah. But in terms of long form content, it's just not quite there. 'cause you have to implement all of these features and the, it is engineering wise, really difficult to have that much video. You can, we can up, we upload hours at a time.


Yeah. Hours. So think about it like, each one of our shows is at least two hours, three hours mostly. That's so much fucking data. If you are letting everybody do that, how much are you paying for bandwidth? Like, what is that like? Because it's free and then you have to get ads and you have to like put, and then you the ads like, Hey, we don't want anybody saying fuck. Oh shit. All right. Put up a filter. Get rid of All the fuck. So that Paul Moof can sell their fucking hand soap. Like whatever it is. Whoever's getting upset at us. Oh, did someone talk about the vaccine? Yeah. You can't get an ad. 'cause we're trying to sell vaccine ads. So don't be a cocksucker, don't ruin my giant business that I've created on your data.


But it is surprising that nobody's built a, a competitor not even close. And it just shows how incredible the teams are. Right? Well they, they nailed it. This what they did, they made the perfect algorithm to constantly show you things you're interested in. You know, when I go to my YouTube feed, they're right. Every day. Every day. They're right. I'm like, oh, I'm interested in that. Oh, when was that built? Oh, look at that. Oh, is that real? That's what they got me every fucking day. Yeah. I actually tweeted complaining a little bit about YouTube recently. And we had a whole meeting and stuff. What were You complaining about? So they have this incredible, I don't wanna complain about wifi on the airplane before saying the positive. So they have this incredible feature called MLA Multi-language audio.


I dunno if you know about this, but you can have multiple tracks of audio for a single podcast, a video Oh. In different languages. So I had to do that for Zelensky interview. That's overdubbed into three languages for the different times. Did you use AI to do that? Or did you hire people? So I did both. But in this case we did AI because of the voice cloning. You want, there's something really intimate and powerful about hearing the person speak in that Language. Oh. And I've just found out that, you know, for example, on audio, people listen to the Zelensky interview. He's, it's dubbed into English. He's speaking Russian or Ukrainian. They listen and they enjoy it. Like they, they've, they, You can see the numbers.


You could see how they write to me personal messages, how they, you know, on Instagram stories, they're listening to it in English. Right. And they're able to listen to it for a prolonged period of time. Like it's in English. Did you review it and listen to it and make sure the context translates correctly? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So I should give a shout out to a company called 11 Labs that do the voice cloning, that do the translation and the, what's called text to speech. They're incredible people. Not just the product. Actually there's certain companies that I work with, nothing frustrates me more than incompetence. And nothing excites me more than competence. Mm. Like they're just sweet people.


Yeah. By the way, like stayed up crazy hours through the holidays. A lot of big companies like take like two months off. They just, there's, you know, they're nine to five. They're all very polite. There's a manager of a manager and there's meetings and it's slow. And there's this bureaucracy and with, with all loving labs, with a lot of startups, good startups. You like have this just vibrancy and kindness and everybody's excited. All that kind of stuff. Anyway, they do the, the text to speech, you know, you have like text on the page that you can speak in the Joe Rogan voice. I mean, you're aware of this. So if you wanna translate, you first translate the, transcribe, the original language, translate it on the page, and then text a speech, bring it to life in that other different language.


The translation step is the tricky one, is the hardest one where a human should correct and help. I got, I re I mean we had very little time to do this. We had to do it really rapidly. But you get into trouble. So for example, he said, how Much time did you have? I don't, don't remember the exact number of days, but probably five or six days to do everything. So In three languages. In three languages. And he and I did the asshole thing, which is we kept switching languages sentence to sentence. Oh no. 'cause we, we kept and like, and he was swearing Russian mid-sentence. So Of course the translator's like sweating.


'cause the most of the sentence is Ukrainian. Then she says, fuck or go fuck your, he swore a lot. Like, You know, that that part would be in Russian. The, the the swear. So you have to catch all of that. Yeah. You have to not make mistakes. And some of it, there was AI in the loop. We had to figure out. 'cause nobody really has done this kind of thing before. So we have to figure it all out. And mistakes can be made when you're rushing like this, rushing like this, like I just did. Right. By the way, me saying that could be transcribed into me saying Russian and then translate Like that. Yeah, Yeah. So for example, we said he was talking about corruption, sensitive topic.


He said something like, anybody who we caught doing something with, with the weapons or being corrupt, we would beat the exact term is beat them on the hands. And he was speaking Ukrainian, which in Ukrainian means what we crack down on them that was automatically translated to slap them on the wrist. Mm. Interesting. Which, which makes sense as a direct literal translation because Right. Beat them on the hands, slap 'em on the wrist. Makes sense. But like, and I didn't catch it. I'm not sleeping, I'm like reading it. I speak All the languages. So like, I'm trying to like figure out this puzzle and we didn't catch it.


And then Of course, like a lot of people got really mad and they, they spoke up, You know, the, that, You know, the internet in general's, like how can you translate this? Are you, Of course it must be because I'm a Putin shill, I'm getting funded and I'm not translating. But yeah, that's, you see, it's very, there could be sensitive moments. Like you had a lot of really high profile figures here. There could be sensitive moments if translated could do a lot of damage. On the flip side, it makes it accessible, especially for important conversations. It makes it accessible to people that really need to hear it. Why were you under such a time constraint? Because the, the seriousness of the conversation, like the, every single day there's major missile launches.


Right. And so did you, it just, you didn't have a five day deadline, you just, it took you five days to do it. Yes. And, and the, I don't wanna sort of put it on them, but the President Zelensky office was asking like, as soon as Possible, when was this coming out? Right. They were really pushing it and they were implying probably correctly that there's just going to be a lot of dynamic stuff happening on the, on the peace negotiations. Right. So he wanted to use this as a statement and the same 'cause you know, the, the, the Kremlin watched it. So everybody's watching it. And like, it's part of the puzzle pieces that they're using to figure out when are we going to meet, when are we going to, what are going to be the outlines of a, of a treaty.


You know? So like you have to take it very seriously. But then, you know, I've learned a lot. 'cause I, you need to probably hire more and trust everybody involved and turn it around much quicker. You know, I don't like we, we yeah, you, you know me, but in terms of production, everything, the team is one person and then there's now folks helping with helping with editing. But it's just tiny team. There's no, and so for things like this, you have to take it seriously. You have to like maybe have like a special, special force team that kind of steps up. Right. It helps like a group of people that are translators that you could really count on to get it right.


Because a lot of the Review it, but you would want to have to personally review it anyway. A hundred percent. But the, you want the translators you trust to do a good job. And one of the things we learned really quickly is you can't just get any translator. There were, I mean, translation is an art. It truly is. And like people were, they were translating it. It's like, open my comedy. Right. It really like this. Right, right, right. You think even the same joke in the mouth of different comics would just be way different. Right. And the way they were translating it was cold. They were missing the points. They were not understanding the context. No, The AI way is genius. Yeah. Yeah. But the translation piece of the AI is still needs the human in the loop.


It needs the human to fix it. And how does the human emphasize emotion? Like if he has a, a specific intonation, if the way he's like, he's talking about how does the, how does AI know how to say the words in translation and which ones to emphasize? So This is where 11 labs is really incredible, but are they, it uses the actual words to figure out the intonation. So The, the, okay, so the translation of the words, right? Or the original word, hearing the word No, it's always working on the text. So let's just stick with English for now. Right. Before I say translation text on the page have like, have aight Eisenhower speech here.


Every gun that is made, every worship launched, every rocket fire signifies. That feels like a serious thing. Like we can probably infer how to read that. If I gave you that text, you would infer the heaviness, the timing. Right. And AI is pretty good at doing that. Not perfect. And you can, Well what if you delivered that speech like Hitler, Like, Like I wanna know like how are they getting the, like when would would yell about stuff. Oh yeah. And then they had a translation of it in English. And so are they doing it off text or they're doing off the sound of the, like when he's saying the words and translating it, because then you would know he's conveying a certain amount of emotion.


Or are they editing it in post and saying, he's gotta be louder here, he's yelling. Or is a human involved in that? Or is Yeah. The human involved in every part of that. So they're setting the hyper parameters of like how Yeah, like how loud is it, how like dynamic it is. They can, they can change all of that and they can change specific, they can basically generate, you know, like five different options for the sentence. And then that's So crazy. But that isn't our form. Right? Yeah. But it really is so crazy that we're not gonna be able to tell if you said something. Yeah. Like we're kind of there, there's, there's real cheap ones of me selling everything I see All the time on Instagram.


Like, you know, different rappers and country western songs and go to this pu go to this restaurant. Like you just generate them from ai. But you can still kind of tell. But then I've seen some ones, I'm sure you've seen that one, the one guy where it's a completely AI generated thing, voice and everything. And he's talking and he's telling you like, this is completely AI generated. And you probably can't believe this, but it's true. He's explaining how it's done. And it's nuts. It's so realistic. And I mean, I should say like from my experience with the Zelensky conversation, it's dubbed into all these languages. It's dubbed into English. He's speaking Ukrainian and Russian. There's a lot of people like I've seen this, that think he's speaking English just because it's so close.


It's his voice. It's crazy. And so like, now I have this responsibility. Here I am with my fucking exhausted, sleep deprived, translating like his exact words. I could put whatever words in his mouth. Like I could have the slap on the wrist thing. I, you know, let me just take responsibility. I guess I fucked up, you know, it was three hours. It's very tough to like Right. But like I could've, You know, put in like, I like dicks in there, just throw, I just, just throw it in there, You know, just for fun. Yeah. That's kind of crazy, right? Yeah. And it sounds, and there's a lot of people that believe like, okay, this is what he's saying. Right. So I mean there's a huge responsibility with that. And I think that's why people trust a particular podcast and so on.


Like, you're not going to fuck with that responsibility. Right? No, you are very aware of it and you take it very seriously. Yeah. But it's still hard to decide who and how to talk to it was really, really difficult to think through the zelensky conversation. It's think difficult to think about whether to talk to Putin or not and how to talk to him. It's difficult to think about Benjamin Nya to talk to him after October 7th. Yeah. He's one of the most universally hated people on the planet now. Right. And it's like, okay, so how do you, right. Talk to him And what, what do you get him to say about the innocent people that have been killed? But he has a certain perspective, which I should say that a lot of people inside Israel probably support it.


It's, I mean, I should also say not now, but earlier in Qatar, when the Hamas was in Qatar, they were interested in doing a podcast. The, the members of Hamas who are not in hiding. So the representatives were interested in doing a podcast. True. And I decided not to because it's like everyone knows what Hamas is. It's almost like easy, why not do a podcast? But it was like, well that just feels, I mean, you are platforming hate there. That's in a way where you can't properly dissect and present and analyze and push and pull.


No, you can, you can't criticize them. Right. Like, you're not gonna be in a position where you can criticize them. Well, I should say in Qatar, it's safe. What's that? Oh, in Qatar it's safe. So there I could criticize and in fact, one of the ways I would imagine talking to Hamas is pushing them actually pretty hard. In that case, I would actually push hard and they would probably, 'cause a lot of them are kind of just a pretty shallow and insane. So like, they would just get really angry. Like there's would be real anger. Yeah. They would not come off as one, one of the fears talking to dictators, one is just the charisma. This Yeah.


Like, they would, you know, my opening statement to Netanyahu was, you know, a lot of people hate you when I talked to him in August, a lot of people were protesting outside. There's a lot of people that hate you. What do you get to say? What, what do you have to say to those people? Right. That's the opening thing, right? He says, like, he said something like, everybody loves me. I just gave a talk in Iran and 20 million people listened to me and they love me. So that's just like, so how do you talk to a person where the reality is like, well, no, no. There there is people that love you Prime minister at Yahoo.


What? But there's quite a lot of people outside that don't, that don't love you. What did you expect him when you brought that up? Did you have expectations? Do, what'd you expect him to say? I, I expected for him to analyze where that hate comes from, to start to empathize fake or not to understand that perspective. And to understand the perspective maybe of the Palestinians or the, the Goins that Right. That hate him. Right. And then maybe make the case of Israel, like after steel manning the Palestinian case. Say, well listen, we're like this tiny country that everybody's shooting rockets at.


Make then make the case for Israel. The historic case. The the military case. The geopolitical case. Right. But he didn't, it was, there was like, everybody loves me. Geez. But in that answer, Did you, do you think he really believed that? Yeah. Yeah. He believed it. He's locked in. Locked in. But or I mean, it's complicated. He's just, so that was definitely a wall. How much more time does he have in power? I mean, that's a, it's a consistent minute by minute thing. He, as long as he is being elected. And it's, it's the same question for Zelensky. How long does he have in power? It's the same question. But when, When does Israel have their elections again?


Are they doing that while they're in the middle of this conflict? I, I'm not deeply familiar with like, the dynamics of it, but I think they can have elections at any time. Like there's a, there's coalitions. Oh, that form. And they can, I think it's a bunch of countries have this kind of thing. So I think there's elections like coming up. There might be a martial law type of situation. Forgive me, I'm not exactly sure. But it is, it is basically under constant internal political pressure where he can lose power. Are you aware at all of his political opponents? Yeah. There's a, there's a bunch. There's a bunch of, there's a bunch of people. I mean, they have to walk a tight rope because there is a lot of fear and anger inside of Israel now.


Like you said, after October 7th, there's like an existential fear when the, the whole assumption of Israeli people was that like, this, this kind of attack cannot possibly happen. Right. With the iron dome when the, the defenses. And so you have a more, there's more room. There's capacity to elect more radical people that are more right wing, they're more aggressive, they're more militaristic. Right. Well this is why we, the, one of the big, big reasons why people love to dive into the false flag narrative. 'cause they find an incentive for people to allow something to take place. Because if you allow something to take place and you sacrifice a certain percentage of your population, you, you have now new rules and you have much more power.


And you have a, a society that's behind you now. 'cause there's a reason why they wanna fight. And this is why anytime there's anything that ever happens, there's a bunch of people that think it's a false flag. A bunch of people think nine 11 was a false flag. And then there's real ones that we know about, like Operation Northwoods didn't happen, but they really did sign the joint. Chiefs of staff signed a proposal where they wanted to blow up American airliner and blame Cuba. We wanted to arm Cuban friendlies and attack Guantanamo Bay. And they wanted to invade Cuba under false pretenses of a false flag. We really do stuff like that. Like it's, it's a and I say by we, I mean humans, humans in power, humans, Nero burned Rome like Hitler burned a retag.


There's, there's false flags that they, they create these situations to force people to fight. And that's a real thing. But it's also, it's also like people get caught with their pants down too. So it's like, it's hard to know what's what. It's hard to know what's what. But the same organization that did the whole pager thing, the the sophisticated intelligence Yeah. Required for that somehow missed an obvious breach of a Right. And they were warned by Egypt. The whole thing is, it's very, it's very, very, very tragic.


Jamie, just quick request. Are you tracking the Starship launch? I know you wanna watch. We've got five minutes I think. Yeah. Okay. Four minutes. We it's 3 56 right now. So it launches. Fuck yeah. I wanna Watch it. Yeah, I know you do America. We're getting, we're gonna wrap it up with that. Is it launching live? Yeah, It's live. Yeah. Yeah. Let's hope it doesn't blow up. That would suck. What if it blows up while we're watching? I don't Think at this stage blowing up. I mean, it would be really awesome if it doesn't blow up. If it flies and then it's caught by the, in 13 minutes. In 13 by the nine minutes. Okay. We got time. Jamie, keep an eye on it at This time. I mean, it's called Starship Test seven for a reason. Like you want, you wanna, you wanna laugh?


Blow A few up every now and again. Find what the tolerances are. It is nice for Jeff Bezos to succeed on the first try. Like the first one is really important. 'cause there's a lot of skepticism. Could this even be done new with the new Glen rocket? But, And now Bezos and El on a homies again, homies. They're expressing platitudes on Twitter. Yeah. They're, they're gonna sit together at the inauguration. And What Jamie Well I'm trying to check something. I'm not finding the right video. Okay, no worries. I just, where should I go? 'cause I tried typing in SpaceX and Yeah, be really careful. Just find, I know the official SpaceX channel. Or you can go on X.


Yeah, go on X. It's gonna be a bunch of bots selling you crypto. If you're not careful. SpaceX on X. Don't go on PornHub. That's a different one. You can't go on PornHub in, in Texas. This is, you gotta entering violation Of human rights. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Are you going to the inauguration Perhaps? Are you Unfortunately yeah. Really, Unfortunately. Why socializing? All the socializing. Oh, you're doing it on purpose for work. No, I, I just, no, I listen. I've never, I never go out to things for work. I don't work. It's more like, I felt like it's an opportunity like To meet people.


No, like you would regret it if you didn't go. Like it's a historic It's a historic moment. Yeah. And also George St. Pierce that he's going, so, oh, Okay. Yeah. I think Gordon's going too. Yeah. Yeah. It's a very different thing this time around. People are very hopeful with him as president now, which very different than in 2016. 2016. It was like this existential crisis that the media just blasted into everybody's head. I think enough time has passed and enough faith has been lost in the media that people have sort of woken up out of that and realize like, we can't keep going the way we're going. I, I hope, I hope good vibes continue in general like that they, the the the politicization of everything Yeah.


Will not escalate quickly here. It's possible. It's Possible. Even the inauguration itself. Yeah. Like I hope, I hope they're not, it's not a divisive event as it's more of an inspiring event. Well it's gonna be divisive with some people. There's no getting around around that. Some people just their psychology. Like that lady in the pink that was yelling. Yeah. Like the lady that said that. Pete Hegseth said that when he really didn't say it. He just published it. Someone else wrote it. It Says 37 minutes. 37. We don't have that kind of time. This Just went live. So it doesn't say anything. Okay. Just A big old SpaceX. And there it is. Is that it? Sitting there chilling. I'm trying to double check most of these. They all say 37 minutes and counting.


Wow. Man. No, let's see. That's Who's Felix? These are just channels. This is Oh, so a bunch of different channels. I'm Clicking out. There's tons of channels with it. That's what I'm trying to find the most accurate or real one. 'cause someone could be live streaming, right? A fake one. You know What? Are they live streaming though? Yeah. Is there all sorts of stuff? NASA space lies Good. Does SpaceX have its own page? So that, that's I just typed, I just went to live on YouTube. This is where my, I was bringing up a twitch. Like, it's hard to find stuff that's live. Does SpaceX have an account? That's When I typed it in. That's when he was bringing it up. You start getting all sorts of crazy shit. And I get like space. All these weird, that's not them. That's not them. SpaceX live. That's, That would not, they wouldn't put that in their official account.


Oh wow. That's Not now channel. They might, you know what, SpaceX might have just closed their YouTube channel, I'm guessing. Like, 'cause they want to do it on X, right? Yeah. That's makes sense. So I went to there and that's what it's Oh, how weird. Weird showing anything yet. How weird. I just went up three minutes ago. So it's just a bunch of fakers and people coming on pretending to be SpaceX. SpaceX live like that. You're not SpaceX. Yeah. Tricking me into looking at your channel. They're Boosting the algorithm, I guess. You know. So this is it. This is an older one I think. Oh, this is old. And some of them stuck on the everyday astronaut is, is really great. I recommend people stream him. He's a, he is a great Wait, I feel like, have you talked to him? I'm not exactly sure, but he was, he went after Bart, what is his name?


Barcel sel. Yeah. Yeah. Did he He's really, I mean, and not went after, I should say just he used the opportunity to educate. Like he like has this really long Analysis. Gotta get two of 'em in the same room. Yeah, for sure. That's what he wants. He keeps being on my case. Like goes, I wanna debate him. Did you ever Have Bart on your podcast? No, But Bart wants to debate him. I was like, Hey, do I want this? Do I? Of course you do. No. Shut the fuck up. Do it. I think, I think there's a, yeah, it's, it's something that happened in the past. Like what are we gonna learn from it? Say it was completely fake. Right? What's the I would rather focus on modern day conspiracies. What?


You don't want to know if they fake the moon landing. Are you crazy? No, I do wanna know, but like, okay. To me, How does your life change? A Lot. A lot. Okay. This is how Yeah. Because you know That government's able to do his Stuff, that the government is able to fake the fucking moon landing. Yeah. And to get people to shut their mouths. Yeah. And a bunch of people disappeared. Yeah. The story nuts, dude. Yeah. Do You know the story about God? What was his name? I don't remember. But he was a journalist. What was he assigned to do? Oh, the One that got murdered. He was assigned to do an audit of nasa. And he wrote a hundreds of pages.


And his analysis, this is like 19 64, 65, 66, somewhere around then. So it was years before the moon landings. God, I can't remember his fucking name. I used to have this shit at the tip of my tongue. But he parked his car with his family in it on a train track and a train smashed their car. And the the document was never retrieved. It was, it vanished. It went away. Bye bye. And then a few years later, everyone's on the moon. I wonder what Gus Grisham, the pilot of Apollo one, the guy that burned alive in that thing.


He hung a lemon on that thing saying that it would never work. They couldn't communicate with the tower. How's this thing supposed to get us to the moon? And that guy, you know, people, his family believes he was murdered for that. Well, there's a lot of weirdness in the moon landing. Buddy C There's A Tim Dodd. They really did pull it off. Yeah. And then all these people are cing for the fucking government of the 1960s. It's kind of hilarious. Wait, they pulled off the fake. The fake. The faking. The faking. Yeah. So Tim Dodd everyday astronaut apparently has an answer to all of this. Yeah. He's a, What's his answer to the Van Allen radiation belts. There is an answer. I'm not, this is, I'm not gonna turn this debate into, I don't, It's a cute one.


Whatever it is. The answer, Whatever. It has to be cute. Like to, to send people through thousands of miles of intense radiation and have no biological animal that you've ever done that to. That's come back alive and just let's try it on people. So, so let me try to convince you as an agent of the Mossad and the Ccia. A I know, I think, okay, this is from me looking at Wikipedia for about five seconds. So I thought, I thought the belt is not All the way around. So you can go around the belt. No, you can get through the top and the bottom. Right. But you have to fly outta Antarctica. Right. Okay. And you really can't do that. And then The way we did it, we had to go through it and we had to go through it.


I think it was for a couple hours. Maybe it's possible. Maybe We're gonna find out soon. Right? Hopefully. Unless they go through Antarctica. There's So it's like a donut. That's what it is. The intense band of radiation is like a donut. But apparently the, the actual amount of radiation is not that intense. I mean, again, speaking as a massage depends who you're asking. Agent Depends, it depends on who you're asking. Van Allen thought it was pretty fucking intense. And also there was a Operation Starfish Prime. Do you know about that Operation Starfish Prime? They were trying to blow a hole through the radiation belt. So they launched nuclear weapons into space and detonated them.


And it had the opposite effect. Like supercharged the radiation belt made it more radioactive. Yeah. Operation Starfish Prime. Google that. It was temporary though, wasn't it? What's that? I think it was temporary. Like it just, and it dissipated over. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. James Also aad. No, No, he's right. No, he's right. But I mean like, when they measured it, when they measured it was like way more radiation. They didn't blow a hole through it at all. They fucked it up. They supercharged it. But just the fact that they were trying to do that, they were trying to blow up nuclear weapons in space. Like if I was the aliens, that's when I would start showing up. Like, look at these fucking assholes. High altitude nuclear tests. Yeah.


What, What, What are people doing? Not only that, it shut off the power in Hawaii. It fucked Hawaii up. Hawaii had like a brownout. Like these guys are psychopaths. Can you imagine like sitting at a table with a bunch of generals and this guy comes in with a cigar. I wanna launch a fucking nuke in space. Yeah. I wanna see what happens. I just wanna see what happens. You know what my favorite one of those is the very first detonation or the very first nuclear bomb. There was a non-zero chance that that bomb was gonna destroy the entire atmosphere of the earth. Yeah. Just imagine what that feels like. Right? Yeah. And they were like, let's see, Let's see. Boom. Nope. Yeah, we're still here.


They're reasonably sure that it wasn't gonna do that. But You know, you've never done that before. Who Knows? And there's a lot of people asking the question of like, in the war Ukraine, whether Putin is willing to use even tactical nuclear weapons. Yeah. Just send a statement. That's an open question. It is an open question. And It's like a terrifying possibility. We, I think generationally have forgotten what nuclear weapons are. Right? Like most people think it's like a fun TikTok meme. Right? Right. The the mushroom cloud can just, and then and then what happens next? Yeah. What are next? More Of them Two back and forth, back and forth. Now everything's gone. Everything's gone like that.


And that's why I'm excited about Starship launches. 'cause the, the backup. The backup. Get the fuck outta here. Let's live on the Sex cult on Mars. No, I, I love that. I prefer Earth, the sex cult. Right. But if you had to be a person who lived and earth was gonna blow, you'd probably try it. You'd try, you'd say, listen, maybe we can, maybe I'm gonna be the fucking Davy Crockett of Mars. And then years from now, this will be a mall. And everybody will remember when Lex came over on the rocket. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's really is exciting to see what kind of societies form on Mars. Even just like a hundred people, a thousand people, 10,000 people, a hundred thousand people.


What are the prospects of terraforming? Because the problem is like Mars is too far from the sun. Like it's just not warm enough. Like so what are they gonna do in terms of like oxygen And do you know Terence Howard, the actor, you know, Terrence Howard's theory, he's got a great theory. It's a really interesting theory. He thinks that all solar systems that instead of it being like a collection of debris from, you know, the outer galaxies, it's that too. But what it really is, is the sun is ejecting matter and we know that, right? So the, after millions and millions of years, the sun ejecting matter.


The matter coalesces and becomes a planet. As it gets further and further from the sun, it becomes more hospitable to life as it gets into that goldilock zone where earth is it peoples. And that he thinks that this is happening all throughout the galaxy. That planets get to a certain stage and then they people and then those planets are slowly gonna move further and further outta get away further and get colder and colder. And it's up to these creatures to figure out how to get the fuck out of there before it becomes inhospitable. And that's where the advanced civilizations come in. And this is why he thinks the most advanced civilizations are on the planets of the furthest from the sun.


'cause they're the ones who've adapted and figured out a way to exist off of some other form of energy other than just sunlight. What does he have an idea about? Which planets in our solar system might be peopled? It probably used to be Mars. Mars still, or no? No. There's nothing on there now. I mean, it's not Could there, but there could have been, there was an atmosphere could, there Could be life there. Now there's water there, There could be, well there's probably some sort of bacterial life, right? There's probably the real question is, is there any evidence that there was other life? Like think about how difficult it is for us to find like dinosaur bones, right? Yeah. Like dinosaurs have to become a fossil. It's like, it's a very complicated process. They have to die in mud or something.


They have to get covered up and then they calcify. And if you don't know when you get a fossil, the the bone that's fossilized, it's not really that bone. What it is, is it's been remineralized by All the earth elements. And so it's, it's kind of a different thing, but it's in the shape of the bone. That's fossilized bone. And what if you're talking about like 30 million years, 50 million years. A hundred million years, 200 million years, a billion years. What if Mars a billion years ago had life on it? What would be left? Nothing. I mean in that case, nothing. What would be Left? Nothing like Earth is four point something billion years old.


Right? How old's Mars? Do we know how old's Mars? Yeah. There's good estimates for That, I think. Like is Mars older? I believe it's older. Yeah. 4.6 billion. So that's pretty similar. Right? When did the solar system start forming? See, these are just wild guesses by a bunch of fucking idiots. The solar system formed 4.5 billion. So it's bunch of eggheads with wild guesses. I'm going with Terrence Howard. I think he's right. I think what a brilliant idea though. I'm Offended you calling him an actor. He could be. Well he is a lot of things mathematician, physicist. He's a lot of things. Brilliant guy. His conversation with you, with Eric, with Eric Weinstein and, and you was just his art. It was a good conversation. Some conversations are art.


Yeah, that was a good one. 'cause he's a good guy's, a good guy. And Eric's a very good guy. The way he handled it, you know, he was stern and, and very clear and obvious that who was right, but very kind and very friendly. Which is a, a quality that Eric has like, the ability to do that. Especially when you're talking about something that's so incredibly complex and esoteric, you know, like you're, you're talking about like super complicated math and he's showing it to him. Do you know how to do this when you're showing it on the board? And you can tell he does know how to do this. He is like, lemme explain how this works. And then you realize like, oh boy, self-taught. You know, this is the thing. Like there's a lot of brilliant people that just don't get the correct education, but they're still brilliant.


Yeah. The raw horsepowers there. Yes. The raw horsepowers there. Yeah. But I think this theory that he has about planet's, people, I find it so fascinating. I couldn't stop thinking about it for days. I was like, I think he's right. Yeah. I mean, we're gonna find out. We're gonna find like e even if you discover ba bacteria on Mars, that that's gonna change everything. Like I, I'm convinced that there's alien life throughout the, the even the galaxy. But that's a really open question and most people don't think so. You Know what I think, I don't think it gets past where we are very often.


I think it probably fucks up a lot. I think it's too difficult to harness the power of the sun while you're a tribal monkey and not blow yourself up or fuck things up horribly. Or just get involved in natural disasters, eating adequately prepare for, I mean, we're still not prepared at all for asteroid impacts. I mean yeah. Young address impact theory. It's very Recent. Yeah. And also super volcanoes. We're not prepared at all. If we have a supervolcano, if Yellowstone blows, which it's gonna, one of these is gonna, one of the big ones is gonna blow. They just do, it might blow a hundred thousand years from now. It might blow next week that they fucking happen. And we're not prepared. We're not prepared for that. So Even if you just look at the LA fire, sorry to interrupt.


Like the, the imagine the chaos that's going to be created. Oh. And imagine the la fires with no fire department. Right. Okay. Imagine that. Imagine that. There's no one out there trying to put that fire out. That would be fucking insane. And you know, I think Civilization has probably gone through a gang of those before. I think Graham Hancock, as much as he gets criticized, I think he's onto something. I think Randall Carlson is as well. I think they're onto something. I think it's pr it's probably the end of the ice age. It's probably asteroid impacts. There's too much physical evidence that corresponds with the timeline for it to be ignored. I mean it's, it's a pretty accepted theory now. The younger drives impact theory.


It's just like what happened during that time And what existed before that time and All the stuff that we see a few thousand years later. Is that a, a re-imagining of civilization out of complete and utter chaos? 'cause I think it might be, and it might be one of the reasons why we're so fucking barbaric. It might be that our ancestors were the ones who survived the most horrific time in history where we got hit by asteroids and civilization just evaporated instantaneously. Millions of people probably instantaneously died. We were left with chaos in a completely different climate. Places that were covered in ice are now raging rivers. The whole thing's fucked.


All the animals are dead. Most people, you know, that are anywhere near the impact are dead. People get washed away in the floods. Entire civilizations just instantaneously flooded and destroyed. That could happen again. That could happen again tomorrow. That can happen again next month. It's, we're in the shooting gallery. We're in the shooting gallery of the universe. And I bet that's pretty common. So I bet the race is to try to get intelligent enough that you can do all these different things, but also intelligent enough that you have abandoned these ancient primal instincts that you have. And that's where we're, we're at the cusp of that.


We're at the cusp of our, our tribal chaos mixed in with impossible knowledge. And it's all like happening at the same time. And so there's this wild race that's going on and people like you and people like me and people that are hopeful, we hope we get it right if we hope we get it right, but we might not get it right. And I think out there in the universe, I think it's probably more likely that people don't get it right than do get it. Right. And if they do get wiped out, I mean, we got the toba volcano, we got down somewhere around 70,000 years ago to a few thousand people on Earth. What are those motherfuckers like? Like Jesus Christ.


Those, those are our ancestors. Those people must have been brutal. Well, that's one of the things I've just seen even in the, on the smaller scale of the war in Ukraine, is, you know, your house or the city gets destroyed and people adapt immediately. Like the tough people rise up. Yeah. Like it changes you immediately. Yeah. There's a resilience to the human spirit. It's crazy. You can adjust. So if, if an asteroid hits earth like the United States, you know, let's say 70% of people dead. Yeah. Like you get an unlock power that like your character in the video game has. Yeah. I mean there, this is where the people in Texas immediately become the, the valued commodity versus like, I don't know, people in Silicon Valley or something.


Yeah. Technology doesn't matter. None of that matters. Survival matters. Individual radical individualism matters. And that's one of the things that gives me hope. Community Matters. Local, Very local. Yeah. You got a band together, But like, it's really is a tension of, because it's not collectivism, it's not like, right. So governments that rely on central authorities fall apart from that kind of thing. Well, a 100% any natural disaster government, like a real big one, like an asteroid impact, it's gone. No, the government doesn't do anything anymore. They're useless. Power goes out for a month. They're gone. Everybody's gone. It's any man from himself. No one's protecting you from outlaws. You've seen that already in the California fires.


There's gangs of kids, a hundred at a time breaking into houses and looting them in the middle of these evacuation zones. You're seeing chaos. They can't protect you from that. If, if something happens and that this is something we're not prepared for. We're spending so much time doing other things and not recognizing that incredible vulnerability that our society has this very fragile system that we put in place that's so much better than at any time in human history. This is the best time to be alive ever by far. And it's so fragile. And we don't think it's fragile because the power stays on. Yeah. And one of the things, you know, just having traveled across the world, like the thing that really America stands out with and why I'm excited about what's happening now is the, the radical individual freedom.


I think the freer the country is the individual back to Genghis Kahan with the free, free freedom of their practice religion. The freer the people are, the more resilient they are to the, the, the terrors, the ca catastrophes of the world. Yeah. They, they just respond. They're much more dynamic. They're more centralized and collectivist to society as the more you're susceptible to corruption to this kind of propaganda that, you know, you're not able to respond to. Even like the, the pandemic. Just governments are not able to do that. The, the fauci of the world will always emerge. Right. They just, it's, it's not even say even Fauci wanted to do the right thing or something.


It's just, it's very, it's impossible for the centralized authorities to do the right thing. You have to have a distributed, you have to put much more weight on the freedom of the individual. That's a really important thing that you just said. It's impossible for the centralized authorities to do the right thing. It really almost is if they wanna do their job. That's why Doge, I mean there's, there's a lot of promise there. Yeah. You want to decrease the power, the size and the bureaucracy of the federal government. You want, you want them to be mobile, agile, small, efficient. Yeah. And distributed to the state or to, to to small companies, to companies. How About stop going after the American people? How about that too?


Which part? I mean, every part. All all sorts of things. All sorts of things. You know, attacking people. What, what's happened with this country because of January 6th and their version of it And what, what actually happened then? You know, the what the FB I did with the Twitter files, with influencing things, what they did with Facebook, where they contact and were taking, telling them to take down memes. Can I actually just say about that? I don't know if he gets enough credit, but I think what Mark Zuckerberg did on your pockets is actually, it may not seem that way, but it's courageous. It's Actually, I think it's courageous. I think he had to do it too.


I think it's both things. But like internally, yeah. He's running a gigantic company. He's running a gigantic company. But also this is the way things are rolling. Like, you either get in the way and get rolled over or you get on board. And if you want your company to succeed in today's day and age and not be disdained and, and universally, whether it's, whether people boycott it or people just start hating on the stock drops. Like if a new thing that's like Facebook, 'cause Facebook is, although it's so common, it's one of those ones you could do without kind of, it doesn't have the kind of information gathering aspect that X does.


Like if I wanna find out what's going on in the world, I go to X. Facebook's not like that. It's like people talking about stuff and posting videos and things like, I mean, there's also WhatsApp that That one could take a hit that could take a big hit. Yeah. If people just decided to like, fuck you and your censorship, you know? And I think more people are inclined to say, fuck you and your censorship now than ever before. So it's a good business decision to stop censoring people. And the community notes thing is fucking genius. It's the greatest invention ever in terms of like, the ability to find out what's right or what's wrong. Let's let people post things. And it was not true enough. People report it, people look at it and go, oh, it turns out that's not true at all. And here's why it's not true.


That's shit's huge. It's huge. It's funny when Elon gets community noted too. He gets even he gets community noted. It's so great. It's so great. Yeah. You get community noted son. Everybody does. But it's, it's the best way. It's the best way to find out what's real And what's not real. But then it's also like, you know, should you let people on your platform that are just fucking straight up Nazis and trying to recruit people? Should you let horrible racism exist on your platform? The problem is that slippery slope, man. If you say no. Yeah. If you say no, then you, then other people are gonna decide. You remember punch a Nazi with people saying you should punch a Nazi.


I remember like Kurt Metzker was, he was like, well, who fucking gets to say who's a Nazi? If it was just like a guy, you know, running a gas chamber, yeah. Punch a Nazi. But if it's just some guy who doesn't think that a, a trans woman should be competing against his daughter in high school sports, like that's not a Nazi. Like you've, you've changed the term I think, I think the slippery slope is important. There's, there's people like Paolo Duro Duro who's running Telegram and he was, you know, Europe rest in peace is going after him for like You get arrested. Yeah. Well, because there is legitimate terrorists talking to each other on Telegram.


But like, what the, what's the alternative? But if It's an encrypted app, how are you gonna stop it? How are you gonna stop if it really is encrypted if they can't read it. Right. Like this is WhatsApp. If you use WhatsApp, if you and I message each other on WhatsApp, no one can read it but us. That's Yeah, but the government wants the back door. That's what they wanted with Telegram. Right. But that's crazy because You can use that back door in all kinds of ways. Right? Like they use that backdoor for Signal. That's how they found out that Tucker Carlson was talking to Putin's people about setting up an, in an interview. He was like, we, we know you did it on Signals Tucker's. Like, I didn't even know you can do That. That's what Tucker says. You Think Tucker's lying? How dare dare you. He's not lying. You son.


He's not lying. You are a Russian plant. No. Ccia, Moosa and Russian. Yes, for sure. All of them. All Of them. I had to get on all Of 'em. You gotta, you gotta, I mean to The meeting, bro. I wanna see what happens. I wanna see what they do with that goat. You're gonna, Well, Tucker said they read his signal. Well, it's very possible. But technological, I'm not sure how it's possible to do that. I mean, it's possible that I'm, But the way it's been explained to me is even though your phone is encrypted, it's not encrypted to you. Like you see it. Right. You see his messages. You, it's encrypted peer to peer. Yeah. Right. So if they can just see your phone, You mean kind of screen recording type Of thing? Yeah. A hundred. Not just screen recording, get access to your phone, find out all your contacts, all your emails.


Yes. But Signal all your passwords. But Signal Sign, but Signal Communications end, end encrypted. So it is difficult. I mean, it's possible. It's difficult, But it's not through Signal if you're going through the phone. So if you're using Pegasus, you're just compromising the entire phone. If you, if signals on that phone, you, you know the passwords already. You go into Signal, you can go into Anything. Oh, in that way? Yeah. Got it. Got it. You, you have access to the phone. But that's right. That's, that's legitimate hacking. Right. Okay. Right. But this is what they're doing. Right? Like, That's not what they wanted With Telegram. They wanted legitimate, like full on backdoor. But with Gavin de Becker has complained this to me. He said with, with Pegasus one, you needed to click a link. Right? This was this, this was the Jeff Bezos thing. Someone sent him a bad link on WhatsApp.


He clicked it, they had access to his phone. They got compromising information on him with Pegasus two. They just need your phone number. So they got your phone number. Boom, they're in your phone. That's it. And so if that's the case, if you have a a a, an app like Signal, like I would assume they could read your signal Because That's like right there on your phone. Like if you already got the phone open and they've got a, a compromise where they can get into your, into your phone. That's actually, by the way, why, you know, I'm going to Ukraine, going to Russia, going back to Ukraine. Try to get your phone hacked. Well, I also try to make sure, like Dick pics that I sent to you and Tim Dylan aside, I, I try not to, there's nothing to hide.


Right. Do you have a burner? Do you got a burner phone? Do you bring when you go overseas? I know you bring your real phone. I wouldn't Tell you Bro, that phone is hearing everything we say. Yeah, For sure. For sure. What, what are we saying that we're we need to hide. I mean, there is some embarrassing things for sure. Like, You know, Drunk texts. Drunk texts. Yeah. I mean, from the past I'm some shit from the past. Oh, I'm so glad I grew up when I did. Oh my God. Imagine if you were 15 with a, a phone that You can take a picture of your dick. So somebody, somebody. So there's like a hit piece on me find great. Wonderful. I love you all sent. Write some more. But this journalist found like some shit poetry I wrote. Oh, like, I mean it when You were young.


Yeah. Well You were hanging around with comedians. It was like late, it might have been late twenties, early thirties. So it's not like there's not even an excuse that you're not that young. It just sucked. It just sucked. Yeah. And then, and then I was just reading it. 'cause they, they know how to get, who is this article for? 'cause It's for the person writing it they want to hate on you and it's clicks and you're popular. So they want to hate on you by attacking your shitty poetry. It's just hilarious. 'cause like well, They got you, you gave 'em a little rope. Yeah. And they hung you with it. But like, what I'm saying is that's not a big deal. The the bigger deal is like, if you grew up with that, like, so there's like shit you said when you're 14 or 15 or 16. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. It's even the piece. Like, you know, that, that stuff, like the article, all that kind of stuff, you can even, I mean one of the big things we have to do is allow people to evolve and just say, you know, yeah, yeah.


That was shit poetry. Well, I'm still horrible. Well, I'm worse at poetry now, but like, that was embarrassing that I would be publishing Shit poetry. I think that these people that attack almost all of 'em are leftists. And I think leftism is a religion just like being a Christian's religion in that there's like a, there's a way that you approach it. Mark Andreessen says it best. He, he was describing that it has All the attributes of a cult. And I think people have a default system in their mind. We all do that we fall into that gives us like a religious, like adherence to some ideas. And the thing that this cult is lacking, which is paramount to Christianity, is forgiveness.


There's no root road to redemption. Everyone is ostracized and kicked out. And what you wind up doing is you wind up cannibalizing your own thing. You can never be left enough. There's always crazy people that are like far to the end of it. And every ideological group gets defined by its most extreme members. That's why when people think about like far right people, who do you think you're the worst? People you think of? Like, people who want war, war, mongers, assholes, you know, stupid people. Un you know, uneducated. That's what people think of when they think of like the worst. They think of like white nationalists. That's what they think of when they think of far right. So You can kind of like, you flavor everything else in the group by the worst members of the group. And if you don't have forgiveness in your religion, like you have a fucking terrible religion.


If you don't have a path to redemption and you want extreme adherence to dogma, even if, like, even if whatever this idea with this ideology that you're pushing, its like clearly, clearly destructive to a bunch of humans. That's what they're dealing with. It's like people fall into thought patterns, man, that most people are too busy to formalize their own opinions. So they develop opinions to sort of merge with the people that they're in touch with All the time. And if you get stuck in one of those fucking woke hives, like you're, you're basically surrounded by mentally ill people that are preaching in a logical version of the world that no one, no one believes could ever exist.


I hope there, there will be left wing leaders that emerge that kind of shed that I think they will have to just by virtue of their survival. I think the woke thing is so widely rejected now. And when I say the woke thing, I mean this, this what Elon calls the mind virus, the the crazy aspect of it. Like your kid knows it's trans when it's two, that kind of shit. Like the people that are just far off the rails that's gonna die off. It's just, it's just too nutty and it doesn't make any sense. And it's ultimately destructive to a lot of different groups of people. And it's not fair. It's like the, the trans women in sports things, the most unfair aspect of it.


That one, that one's so crazy. And when you see people argue for it and inclusivity all like, you're outta your fucking mind. Like you're outta your mind. And the inability to discern who's a pervert and who's actually trans, like the impossible nature. And then just green lighting perverts to do whatever they want. And That, You know, my concern is, I do think the the woke is, is either dying or dead. My concern is those folks who are now looking for a new religion, there's people like that on the right. I think they're mostly rejected. No, there's a lot of people like that on the right. The right has a woke. Right. They have an attacking woke fucking they they, they, they're not united. There's, there's an aspect to the right that attacks other people on the right.


Especially now because the right has like more attention than ever before. There's like, there's a whole always gonna be a group in any sort of ideology. There's gonna be a group of people that use the opportunity to attack people, to elevate themselves. Yeah. That I think Mark Andreessen, is it going off Five minutes? Five minutes? I think Mark Andreessen calls the battle, I think on the right maybe between the, the techno libertarians versus the nationalists. So there's these like protectionist people that say like, no more immigration. Right. Master port, everybody. And then there's these people which they align on a lot of ideas. These people that say we need to fucking build. Yeah.


Amer like, they're both America first, but they just have a different flavor of that. You know, the Mark Andreessens of the world probably are, or at least Silicon Valley accepts immigration. Like, we need to Right. Allow legal immigration of the best people in the world. Right. But the nationalist part of the right, they're like, no, fuck that. Fuck you with your H one B. Fuck you with the yeah, With The We don't need any anymore. We need meca. Yeah. We don't need What is your take on the H one B thing? Because I, I saw the argument and I was like, wait a minute, what is it? Do you guys want cheap labor? Are you trying to get like super skillful engineers from other places? Like what are we asking for here?


I think as I understand H one B is just abused to get cheap labor. Cheaper Labor. Labor. Yeah. But So e needs to be reformed. I think the argument got really muddled, Right? 'cause everybody was looking at the worst aspects of H one B, which is the cheap labor, right? But There is an aspect, and I think this, there's an oh one visa, there's different kinds of visas where like we need to get the bad, the the best baddest motherfuckers from the All the, the rest of the world and have them work here. Look at that baby 3 53 to go look at it steaming. Look at all those carbons being emitted into the atmosphere by people who sell electric cars. You'd have to drive a hundred thousand fucking cars 24 hours a day for a year.


Yeah. To, to get any of the release of carbon that that thing has. Here you go with your woke bullshit again, You'd have to drive my Chevelle until the universe died of heat death. To get as much as you're gonna get off of this one rocket launch. Turns Out you need a combustion engine to, to get off this. Do you think we do, man? What do you think is going on with the UAPs? Do you think these motherfuckers have some new shit? Well, that's the Eric Weinstein. Like, you don't need to worry about the rockets. You need to crack physics. Yeah, I think, I think, yeah. I think has to, Weinstein has a very unusual theory involving that one university that has a, a completely overqualified physics department. It's also connected to a stockbroker, or not a stockbroker, a financial thing.


What are those things called? Well, they, you know what I'm talking about, Jamie? I need More a keyword or something. God damnit. Wait, the point is a think tank. No, it's like some financial investment group that does better numbers. They do like birdie Madoff numbers, like nutty numbers. What's that? Venture capital Venture. Thank you. That's it. So this company is connected to this university. This company makes extraordinary amounts of money. This university has an insane physics department and like, they're not publishing anything. And Eric's like, what are you guys doing that's real weird. What the fuck are you doing? So he thinks that these motherfuckers branched off. He thinks that they, the government probably got a bunch of like super top secret squirrel type dudes.


They're working on some high level shit and they branched off decades ago. And that they've been working on this for a long time. O Of course the military often swoops in and wants that talent, wants that technology wants, wants those ideas, right? Well they're, They're probably connected all inter intertwined with the military because who's gonna build these things, right? You need the defense department. You need defense contractors rather you need like Raytheon, you need someone like that who knows how to make spaceships, like make this fucking thing, you know, and they probably back engineered it all. They probably found some crash things that are probably left here on purpose and like, figure it out monkeys.


And then, And, you know, 1947, these dudes are fucking fumbling around and then all of a sudden they figure out fiber optics. All of a sudden they figure out transistors all of a sudden, like there's a bunch of weird shit that just kind of emerges after these crash sites. That's what I like to believe. Yeah, I kind of believe that. I also believe that there's, that there. They're not so focused on us. They're doing it here and everywhere else too. Like this Is maybe I, I Just, why wouldn't they be focused on us? I would Focus because I just feel like there's a lot, a lot of tribes. I I think they, I bet it takes a long ass time for it to get to the distance that our earth got from the sun where you can get liquid water and it only lasts for a little while till it Freezes again.


Oh, maybe if that's the case and they understand that, then yes, then we're special. If you thought about like the way, let's just assume that the way life was created on earth is the only way life is created anywhere in the universe. Sure. Let's assume that all those rules apply like water. And let's assume that Terrance Howard's onto something, The peeing And the peeing. You would imagine that it would have to get where we are. Where where the water melts, where the ice melts 17 seconds and then life emerges from the sea like it did here. Right? Doesn't that make sense? That that would happen? Everywhere is 10. Oh Jesus. Wherever there's water. So we go 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 3, 2, 1.


Here it goes. We have the stuff That's a hundred million diesel trucks blowing coal. This is America baby. Look at that thing. The Vehicle's pitching gun range. Holy shit man. And that, that thing's gonna get caught, Bro. Booster check Pressures I want rock it. I just decided I want to rock it. You can go up on that dude. I need a rocket podcast. Some space. I wanna rock it. Look down. All right. We're more than 30 seconds into flight telemetry shot 30 Seconds. 33 Outta 33 engines as it's pitching down range.


Look how high that is in 30 seconds. Booster ship avionic, power telemetry, nominal Lapping off. Here you are. Good call outs on. Is it gonna snap off booster Avionics? You just heard the nu about six miles away when It snaps off. Where's it go? Starship Ark into just end. You're talking about the blue skies Right now about they drop it in the ocean. No, it lands. Oh that's right. It's it's the falcon. Yeah. It gets caught by these minute, the flight, the Vehicle's super sar. I know, I was thinking about like the Saturn five. I think it was like a boost. I forgot it's actually You can land, which is even nuttier. Yeah, it's nutty. It's, it's, it's that this gigantic thing that the size of a skyscraper is gonna, it just lands.


They just pass through the greatest stress the vehicle's gonna experience going uphill Speed is 2000 kilometers an hour. What the fuck? It keeps getting faster. Look how high it is, huh? As they get away from the gravity of earth. Look how it gets faster. You fucking flat earth dorks. It gets easier and easier. I don't know. It looks flat from here. Eyes Off. It does look flat. They're right. Oh my God, bro, you believe this. CGI. You really believe this is happening. You are a shill lex To ignite. That's gonna happen while we're still Attached. Watch the camera might go out for a little bit, which will explain everything. Have You seen the guy who takes the flat earth people to Antarctica where they can see that the sun heard spin around and they're like, oh shit, shit.


Well You can go to Antarctica. There's done an ice ball. No, I mean I like people that can change their mind in that way. Hearing good call outs, Bro. Let's see. Let's see if it lands. It should be a few minutes. So Nuts. I think this here in the corner is like All the different boosters or something. So it's 54 miles or 54 kilometers. Checks in the sky right now. Fuck dude. And it actually has, I think satellites on board Was I was active. We just heard the call. I just turned them all off. Just slowed down. Engine. Most engines cut off Stage separation So that fucker's gonna go land. That's gonna go land. That's, so that's a building long as That take now like two minutes before it comes back down.


Maybe three, four more. That is so fucking crazy. It's gonna go land now. Alright. Hot stage. We've got a booster hopefully on our winds. Look at the earth. It looks round and A ship now Making the earth looks, lies the earth looks kind of round motherfucker. Oh wait a minute. It looks flat there. This is a new camera that's definitely fake. Oh, this is the real camera. That other one is bullshit. That kind more around than me. That other one is a fish eye lens. No stars Out there. Engines. Yeah. Where fucking, where's the stars? This is bullshit. This is in a lab in Nevada. Go for booster Return. This is a screensaver. Excellent. What is this? We Are go for booster return.


There's a lot criteria. I think they have a payload of, of a satellite that they're like testing, releasing. So Bro, imagine what it feels like looking out the window and seeing the One on the right is going way faster now. Yeah, It's humbling. The almost to 6,000 kilometers an hour. Oh my god. The other one's heading back down. Still slowing down. Wow. Ooh. Space station. What is that? Is that the space station? Is that what that is? I Hope so. I don't know what The fuck said. She just said it. She just said it. All right. Otherwise we just saw some Ufo. She, she just said it. Definitely a U ffo That confirms boost back Burn. Is it possible to get that close to the space station? Like, hey guys, for the vehicle To make us way back down?


Yeah, I mean they're extremely precise about their f flight trajectory. There's gonna Be 13 of those center engines igniting again. And that will then go down to, So you, would you ever fly on one of these engines just Right before we Touch down for that booster catch? No, no, no, no, no. That's How much, how much would you, how much would I need to pay you to No, no, no, no, no. I'm already rich. You can't Let's me with that. That's The one fucking Money thing. You can, Yeah, I don't, I don't have that expensive taste. We're looking good for that. So I, I would love to fly one of these man from the Flat Looks incredible, Dude, that's so insane. Incredibly Flat.


Look at CGI, bro. Star Ship's ship is still firing its engines right now. Starship trajectory. They're pretty cool. What do you think would happen if you did send flat Earthers up in that and they got to see, do you think they would believe what they were? Yeah. How many of 'em are schizophrenic though? Altitude. Oh, you, they'll, they'll think everything was a lie. Like what percentage of the flat earth community, like the percentage of all communities. It's like 1% that are schizophrenic, right? Yeah. But don't You think, isn't it like across the boards? Something like that? Yeah. So it's not disparaging the flat earth community. Yeah. I'm just saying. Well, C can you be like schizophrenic light One if they have a higher percentage, Can you, can you just be a little schizophrenic? Yeah, you definitely can. I know a dude that you gotta touch.


They gotta touch. Yeah, a little bit. Just a touch. I've told this story once I was talking to this comedian and I've known this guy forever. I thought he was totally normal and, but he is always like odd and he starts showing me pictures on his phone of clouds and he's like, you see that? I go, yeah, It's gonna go through a cloud right now. Whoa. That's a high ass cloud. Oh shit. 20 kilometers up. Wow. Or that You think that's, that's so, so fucking cool. How fucking cool is that if this, this thing is gonna go land now you Wanna make a bet about if it's gonna catch. Oh, it's gonna catch all Right. Yeah, I believe so too. Yeah. No, I wouldn't bet against it. That would be on American. Yeah. What do you Look how cool that is, man.


Wow. They're focusing on it now from a distance. It's, It just dropped fast. It's now only three kilomet, two kilometers above quick. The second tower catch. Bro, this is so insane. This is amazing. This is so insane. So it Has, this is controlling. Look at this cement fully. The position Of this. Look how wild this is. Look at the tower coming in to catch it too. Get ready for that. Boom. Oh my god. Engines. Fuck Yeah. Fuck yeah. Booster. Wow. Holy shit. Now that is so fucking badass.


That Is So nuts. Exactly. Seven minutes from when it left. Seven minutes for the whole flight. Yeah. Wow. That's a fucking building. You heard it Here, Illa. That is so dope. Look at the other ones. What is that? Farming and Speed. 16,000 kilometers an hour. Oh my god. One 40 kilometers away. Wow. New Glen yesterday. Starship, today. This is why I fucking love America. That's So incredible, dude. That's so incredible. Hey, the question is like, how tall is that in reference to like a building show? Isn't it like a 20 story building or something crazy? Yeah, it showed before it Took off right there. Yeah.


Wow. It is How much bigger it is than Millennium Falcon. Like how He compares it to the Millennium Falcon. Yeah. How fucking amazing is that? What's the other one? Is that Blue Origin? It's a different SpaceX. Oh, that's another SpaceX one. It, It's big. It's bigger than the Blue Origin rocket by quite a bit. It is. I think it's the biggest rocket I ever made. 123 meters. Yeah. And That, that part right here, halfway, that's what came back. Right. So that's gotta be, I mean, you think, do you think it's, it looks higher than half How many floors of like Yeah, it's gotta be 70 meters. That's so crazy. That's so big. Yeah, it's like 33 Raptor engines so's just the raw power.


Just, just even one of those engines is like, you ever see it live? It's incredible. It's so much cooler watching it actually happen live than it is watching a video. Yeah. When you watch a video, you're like, yeah, that's cool. But like we didn't know what was gonna happen. Yeah. That's the cool thing about live. Yeah. Fuck yeah. That was awesome. That was fucking awesome. Let's end with that. We're ending on a positive note. American ingenuity, baby. Let's go America. Peace On earth. All right, Goodwood to all. Love you brother. Love you too man. Thank you. Bye.