
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night. All day. We're up. Good to see you again, my friend. Hey, So always great to be Here. It's been a while. Four years, January 8th. I, no, January 15th. Was it really? Yeah. That long ago. Four years. Geez. Yeah. It's been four years The last time you were here, right? Correct. Yeah. I think the last two Was here. That was So that was like right after a couple months after I moved here. Moved here, yeah. Yeah. So almost exactly four years. Yeah. Crazy. Well, Waiting was great Waiting Because I waiting, I mean, the time, four years waiting to have another chat with you.


'cause so much has gone on since last we met. Well, tell me what's Going on. Well, where do you wanna start? A z? Anywhere. Anywhere. Let's see. You know, the family's expanding. Yeah. You know, which is great. All three daughters have been married and each has a grandchild, which is making me feel old. So I've ramped up, stepped up my hormonal treatment to keep me on edge because I want to be around a lot longer to take care of these kids or to be with the kids. They're just 16 months, but they're still fantastic. Unbelievable. I love it. That's great. Absolutely love it. But in the world that I work in, in the medical arena, it's been expanding rapidly.


The new administration has a part to play in it, which is great. But even before that, the number of results that we're having, the outcome from T-B-I-P-T-S-D And what have you, has been accelerating because of some of our testing that we do, as well as our treatment that we've initiated. That changed since four years ago. Since last time. What have you added in the last four years? Well, we've added a lot more neutropic, excuse me, not nutraceuticals, natural products into our regimen. You know, I spent 16 years looking at the science behind things that can get into the brain and alter the inflammation that occurs in the brain.


The whole premise of everything that I've been doing for the last 30 day, 30 years has been based upon inflammation in the brain. And the inflammation is what stops All the chemistry and why we develop anger and, you know, problems. I don't know if you saw the article, which is called Influence of Media on the Mental Health of America, which used to be called the Trump Derangement Syndrome. But I got so much backlash from having that title. People wouldn't read it because of the title. And it talks about how constant stress from the media, echo chambers, social media. Yeah. Reading all this bullshit causes cortisol to go up. No doubt. And It shuts down a chemical that protects your brain called frac Tolkien. And then it starts dumping all this inflammation and causes loss of serotonin.


So you become more depressed. It causes loss of melatonin. So you can't sleep generates another group of chemicals that induce depression. And Yeah. It essentially generates this response in your body that prepares itself for a fight that never takes place. Correct. And then you're always thinking you're about to get into some sort of a physical altercation with the armed enemy coming over the top of the hill. Yeah. Vigilance state. Yes. Just like our army goes through. Yes. Constant stress. Exactly. And and the thing, the army And what a lot of these people that you've worked with is from IEDs and from blowing through doors and stuff like that, they get damage to their pituitary gland. You know, we've talked about it many, many times in the podcast, But I think one of the misperceptions is, as you said, and I apologize for that, is that we think it's all due to pituitary gland, but it isn't in the work that we've been doing, it shows that when you have inflammation in the brain, regardless of how it's developed, whether or not it's IED or slip and fall, or as we talked in the past, even wave runners or skiing or water skiing, snow skiing.


Right. Or going to the range, the 50 caliber gun gunners. What happens is it creates this inflammation that shuts off the ability of the brain to regulate the pituitary gland. So You can do All the MRIs as they do at the va, and they see a normal pituitary gland and says, oh, pituitary is normal. You've got PTSD, but there's no radiological or neuroradiological procedure that'll allow you to look at inflammation in the brain. So they assume Right. They can't find any structural damage that it has to be all psychiatric. Sort of like when they used to have to diagnose CT E after you're already dead. Correct.


Right. Isn't that how they're doing it now? No, I think they can scan for it now. There's a PET scan that can look for the tau protein that is creates. It's creates. Yeah. So it's, yeah. Tau proteins, hyper phosphol tau becomes these NFTs, these neuro fial tangles, which is an interesting issue. It's been part of my last year of deep dive trying to find out why is it that you develop CTE or the symptoms relative to CTE? Why is it that you develop the symptoms relative to Parkinson's or Alzheimer's or multiple sclerosis? Well, it turns out that the biochemistry is All the same. Something called beta amyloid, which is the hallmark for someone with Alzheimer's disease.


And then these tau proteins, hyper phosphate tau proteins that they call NFTs, that they circulate around the blood vessels and they create this intense inflammation. And that intense inflammation causes loss of blood supply damage to neurons. Mm. And you develop it. So we've had, using our protocol, we have our six case of multiple sclerosis. That was totally put into remission. It took 90 days to put him in remission. It was a really lieutenant, yeah. It's a video up on And What's the protocol that did that? The protocol is the nutraceutical that drops the inflammation and replacing the hormones that are deficient that protect the brain.


What is in the nutraceutical? In the nutraceuticals? There is quercetin. You know about quercetin. It's got E-P-E-D-A-E-D-D-H-A from Omegas. It has in it glutathione and AE cysteine. It's got B12 that's on one component of it. The other component has B one B two, which deals with neuro communication. And then it's got PQ Q and coq 10 PQQ is a form of coq 10. It's a sister and it's a hundred to a thousand times stronger. But it's what it does. It increases mitochondrial function. I know you've had a lot of people here talking about mitochondrial function.


And that's a major piece in how to reverse things like neurodegenerative diseases and improve mental functioning. Mm. I mean, products like you have like alpha brain, you know, has a, an effect on improving mitochondrial function. And that's what you wanna do. That's a key. So you have to drop the inflammation because inflammation causes mitochondria that produce a TP. It causes mitochondrial dysfunction. So in all those neurodegenerative diseases, mitochondrial dysfunction has been ignored in the past and you need to address it. So PQ Q and coq 10 are two very, very potent. When added together, they stimulate mitochondrial a TP production and replication of mitochondria.


Quercetin does the same thing. That's why it's so important. So Quercetin, you were, you were explaining to me before that it's an ion four Correct. And that it, it, it gets ions into the bloodstream better. Correct. So it's when you consume it with zinc, right.


This is a paid advertisement for better help. Life is kind of like a book. And every new year is the start of a new chapter. Except in this case, the pages are blank and you can write whatever the fuck you want. Maybe you're working towards buying a new home. Maybe you wanna learn how to garden or pick up hunting, or maybe you wanna work on your relationships. However you want your story to play out. It's going to take work, dedication, and a little bit of help. Even the greatest authors have an editorial partner to bounce ideas off. And that's nothing to be ashamed about. If you need some help living the life you want, therapy is always a great place to start. Therapy is for everyone, not just people who've gone through a major trauma. It can teach you valuable skills, like how to cope with stress, how to communicate better, how to set boundaries and more. One of the best ways to get into therapy is better help. It's entirely online. So it's easy to get started and more affordable too. And as the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise, write your story with Better help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash jr. That's better. HE p.com/jr.


But But That's one. That's one of its functions. But there are five functions that it has. Cosin is amazing. It's an I of four, which is when we talked about covid and zinc. It carries zinc into the cell to shut down the ability of the covid sars from replicating Or antivirus essentially. Right. Well it Works with SARS and it works with influenza A and B. It works with rhinovirus and enterovirus gut viruses that you can get during summertime. So what I was just getting at is this, it's beneficial for people all year round, not just Absolutely. People that think they might be getting covid. Absolutely. So I take 500 milligrams twice a day. Of course. A 10 Of course. How much zinc with that?


30 milligrams. Okay. I take 30. And You do that twice a day? I do that the cetin twice a day. But zinc, because my levels are where they're at, I don't put a lot of zinc in because zinc's involved in about 300 processes in the body. It's antiviral that we just talked about. It's anti Alzheimer's. Because it turns out that the production of the chemical called beta amyloid, there's an enzyme that regulates it. And it's zinc dependent. So if it's working, it's called a secretase. It's called alpha secretase. It's zinc dependent. Beta secretase is not. So beta secretase takes and makes the beta amyloid that causes the Alzheimer's, the inflammation.


And with that inflammation, you then start getting the same thing in CTE. So in all these inflammatory conditions, they have the same beta amyloid and cause for CTE, the hyper phospholate tau protein that we call, not NFTs, neuro fial tangles. So they're all related. So what quercetin does is it increases mitochondrial replication in about seven days. Doubles the amount of mitochondria intracellularly. It helps increase in liver, something called IGF binding protein three. Insulin like binding protein three. Binding protein three is always looked at as being the carrier for IGF one insulin like growth factor growth hormone turns on in the liver.


The production of insulin like growth factor, which is the main below the neck growth factor for our body, improves protein synthesis, decreases inflammation too. Wow. Okay. A sidetrack when you're talking about beta amyloid and Alzheimer's, wasn't there a significant amount of fraud that was exposed about Alzheimer's studies that put into question a lot of the ideas that people had about Alzheimer's? Wasn't that something that happened recently? Well, In the train of thought on Alzheimer's, you know, they're saying that it's due to the recessive genes.


Well, if you look at the real, the studies recently, 95% of the cases of Alzheimer's disease appear to be due to trauma and aging. Trauma and aging only 5%. So trauma like head trauma. Head trauma. Okay. Because what happens is trauma stimulates the brain because of inflammation to increase the production of beta amyloid. And it's because there's, they found recently another secretase. What secretase are, are the enzymes that convert a protein called a PP Alzheimer's precursor protein. And it's a long protein.


And two enzymes go in and clip it here and clip it here. And that piece is beta amyloid. That's the bad stuff. That's a beta secretase and a gamma secretase. But they also have something called alpha secretase. So if alpha secretase and gamma secretase cut this a PP, it generates alpha amyloid, which is inert not inflammatory. Hmm. And so what did they find recently? Something called delta secretase. Delta secretase and gamma gives you beta amyloid. So how do you generate delta secretase in the body? Trauma aging.


So that's why most of the cases of of Alzheimer's disease are inflammatory based. So what are the things that Are, I'm sorry, but are most cases, is there a certain age where people start to develop it? And and has there been any cases of very young people to get Alzheimer's? Yes. There's a young form of Alzheimer's. And that might be directly due to having had head trauma and developing this delta amyloid or delta secretase generating am amyloid beta amyloid that creates the Alzheimer's disease. As you get older, 65 years of age and above that is, could be 5% genetic. But I think what the literature is really speaking towards is that it's all has an inflammatory basis.


Remember, trauma in the brain equates out to inflammatory processes. It's part of the brain's ability to try and protect us. Right. Okay. Remove junk bacteria, mold viruses from the brain and also metabolites of abnormal metabolism in the brain. What, What was the scandal? The i I don't Alzheimer's research scandal. 'cause it was pretty significant. And they were saying that it, it throws into question all of these previous assumptions and therapies that they were providing for Alzheimer's disease. And this person had made a significant amount of money. Yeah. It's the antibodies, it's the treatment protocols, the antibodies against beta amyloid.


And they found that even though you are against beta amyloid, you were still progressing on to develop symptoms of Alzheimer's disease. But they were talking about fraud. This was like fraud in scientific Research. Yeah. This is recent How a retracted paper affected the course of Alzheimer's research. But it's one paper. And what was the focus Of, right. Okay. June, 2024, landmark Alzheimer's research page. Yep. Was retracted due to fraud allegations. Do we waste billions of dollars and thousands of hours of scientists time, maybe not. Or new potentially hopeful drugs on the market targeting the subject of the paper amyloid beta. The review video breaks down the amyloid beta hypothesis, the fraud itself and where we go from here.


So what is the fraud itself, Jamie? Does it say? So you can find an article that's just not a video, not attached to a Video. They beta amyloid data. See they've been relying on beta amyloid as being the focus. And what they're finding is the treatment that addresses beta amyloid antibody against beta amyloid. People are still getting progression of the disease. I understand this, but I just wanna know what the, what the fraud was. Oh, okay. So what is the fraud amyloid hypothesis? Scroll down a little bit, Jamie. What's the fraud? Where does it get to? The what? The, what did the paper bullshit about Putting It into perspective. Okay. 56 paper lead to But later publish fucking failed to find Where's the Fucking, where's that fraud?


What's it say? Lemme try a different search. Yeah. Just find out like what was the, this seems like very involved. This is a science journal. Start Over. Well, you know that in there are papers that have been written about reproducibility. Reproducibility is where a researcher does a paper, makes a claim about the results of his science. And then people look at that and they wanna go and reproduce it to prove it. They found that 70% of them can't be produced. And when you looked at the actual scientists who did the original work, goes back and tries to reproduce it. 7% failure rate. So there are major publications that have talked about this reproducibility error.


I mean, you can go on to, you know, Google Scholar or else into Google and look at reproducibility. Okay, here it is. But over the past two years, questions have arisen about some of ma masala. How do you say his name? Illa. You were great. Ma ma lia Masley's Research science investigation has now found that scores of his lab studies at UCSD and NIA are riddled with apparently falsified Western blots images used to show the presence of proteins and micrographs of brain tissue. Numerous images seem to have been inappropriately reused within the, within and across papers, sometimes published years apart in, in different journals describing divergent experimental conditions.


After science brought initial concerns about MA's work to their attention, the neuroscientist and forensic analysis specializing in scientific work would previously work with science, produced a 300 page dossier revealing a steady stream of suspect images between 1997 and 2023. At 132 of his published research papers, science did not pay them for their work. In our opinion, this pattern of anomalous data raises credible concern for research misconduct and calls into question a remarkably large body of scientific work. Okay. So it seems like the fact that he was reusing the same images Yeah.


Stating that they were new images. So he was stacking the deck in his favor. Right. Because he had a point to make that this God, That's so gross. Yeah. $2.6 billion in budget. That's what The budget was for. That's the National Institute of Health. Yeah. Yeah. Geez. Dwarfs the rest of the National Institute, the NIA combined. Yeah. He was in charge of the division of neuroscience. That is so crazy. So the budget of the division of neuroscience alone was $2.6 billion in the last fiscal year. And this guy was a key leader for the effort. Man, how gross. But that's pressure and competition and very ambitious people who have shitty morals.


Yeah. Well, right. That's what that is. Yes. Publisher perish. Publisher parishes the motto. Right. That's that's the motto. Yeah. If they don't publish and have a positive finding, they're not gonna get funding for the next project that they have. And when someone does publish, like this gentleman who allegedly published falsified data, is there someone who goes over that stuff to make sure that that's not the case? Yeah. The editors of the journal that he's presenting it to. Right. But is, is there preferential treatment for people that are established, scientists that are thought to be beyond criticism theoretically. Like a gentleman like this who has an enormous position of power and a $2.6 billion budget behind him. Well, But look at the bottom line.


Which pharmaceutical company was involved in it. Okay. Which pharmaceutical. And you know, that's one of the, the problems that, you know, RFK Junior will be generating is that as he finds that this science is 70%, you can't reproduce it. Meaning that, right. It's maybe not accurate. Maybe there's a little bit Of, but that's being kind bias. That's being kind. I'm trying to be kind, You know? Yeah. Because otherwise it's fraudulent, right? It Is. Correct. I was just reading an article about Alzheimer's. It was claiming that Alzheimer's didn't even exist until modern times. Statins.


Statins cause Alzheimer's. Is that what you're saying? Well, here, this, this article was connecting it to our diet, the standard American diet. And they were saying that All the bullshit food that people eat is contributing to this, this condition. And I was, what I was gonna get to you is that would lead to in inflammation. Correct. You got it. Because the bullshit American diet filled with crap is terrible for you. Yeah. And that leads to inflammation. You look at the inflammatory neurodegenerative diseases, what does everyone have now? It says a low inflammatory diet. Right? Right. That's What it talks about. Also in hit in high impact interval training and high impact aerobics, what happens is you can increase a chemical in the brain called brain derived neurotrophic factor.


Which is something that helps to improve neuron to neuron communication and neurology of your brain. And I don't know if you saw, we have one of your favorite guys, Gerald McClellan. I don't know if you've seen some of the papers that have come out. He had a stroke in 95 fighting a Nigel Ben in London. And during that fight, it was a horrible fight. If you've ever seen the It's a crazy fight. It's, yeah. So anyway, he had a stroke from that. Right. He was hospitalized for 11 days in a coma in ICU in London gets out, his sister Lisa McClellan refuses to put him into a nursing home, into a hospice health, takes him into the house in Chicago.


And for 29 years, dealt with them. She develops an organization called Ring of Brotherhood, where Muhammad Ali's niece and son I think are part of it. And they take care of boxers who are leaving the ring who have symptoms punch drunk or what do they call it? Preco or Alistic Dementia. Pugilistic. Yeah. Yeah. And she contacted me and told me about her brother and I looked at stuff And what we did was we set up a fund and we paid for his laboratory work and his initial assessment. And we found he was hormonally deficient. So what we ended up doing is putting him onto the hormone replacement and to one of the peptides that we use, which is called Nile Cmax, which stimulates the brain to produce more derived neurotrophic factor.


He's in Chicago, I am in ca in California, or here in Texas in Magnolia. And one of our docs in Chicago took the lead. I just gave her what to do. He's 20% better in four months on the protocol. He's now remembering things. He's communicating. He's on the phone. And a, a boxing journalist, Oliver Fennel came from London to Chicago and wrote a paper, which is called A Day in the Life of Gerald McClellan. And talks about how what happened and where he's gone and he's had some improvement. That's incredible. 20. Yeah. Phenomenal. 20% improvement. Yeah.


I'm sure you, we talked about Rick Perry before Sure. The podcast started. So I'm sure you, you're aware of his push to legalize ibogaine and start using ibogaine for Yeah. People with traumatic brain injuries. And he was talking about how it regenerates neural tissue and, and, and helps people significantly. And then, and then on top of that, the addiction Right. Issue where people have addictions and ibogaine is incredible for, for curing those Yeah. Like literally curing them. Yeah. And one in one with one session. It's in the 80% range with two sessions. It's in the, it's somewhere around 97%, which is just crazy. It's 93 to 97%. It's Phenomenal. I, I give a lot of credit to Rick Perry.


In 2022, they had HB 1802, which is the first bill in any state where the state put money into a research project at Baylor for, it was for PS Simon is where he started. So it was Rick Perry. Andrew Maher was part of it, along with Dr. Martine. Shout Out to our friend Andrew. Yeah. Hello Andrew. And let's see, Dr. Martine Polanco, who I'll cycle back to, because the ibogaine issue is what he helped to develop. So it was also representative Alex Dominguez who helped to push it through to get the funding for it.


And it's at Baylor with a doctor by the name of Lynette Avril PhD. She's, I believe, the one who's in charge of it. But recently, you know, we have ayahuasca, we've got Ibogaine, we've got LSD, we've got MMDA. The ibogaine seems to be really good for addiction and for neuro regeneration, which is what you were talking about. Right. To improvement in the neuro function. Downside is the cardiovascular. So it has to always be under a very strict, very close observation. Right. And the doctor that I talked about, MD Martin Polanco, who has clinics in Mexico, uses ibogaine.


And one of our new vets who came on board in one of the other states set up a 5 0 8 charitable organization. The eight is a religious organization. He imports IGA from, I think it's Chile, and gets it here in the States and then sends it to Mexico to Dr. Polanco to do studies. So right now, I believe he has the largest group of studies. And one of the things that really has to be looked at is the compassionate use of these products. You've got guys that are coming back from war Right. Who everything isn't working, you know? Right. Everything. So you have to start pulling the stops out and treat them.


I mean, if you really want them to get better, especially When there's real evidence that there's not just that, not just anecdotal evidence that they work, but there's actual scientific correct evidence of their effectiveness that you can, there's mechanisms we understand. Right. So I think I showed, might have sent you a preliminary paper I'm working on, on the neurotransmitters to identify how each one of the psychedelic assisted therapeutic agents work in the brain. And the science is already out there. So what does it tell you, the foundation for how they work, why they work and how they work is already there. So why aren't we using it? Well, because of a stupid law that was passed in 1970 to punish Richard Nixon's political opponents.


That's really what it is. It was it, yeah. That's what it is. It was about the civil rights movement and the anti-war movement. And so one of the ways to get at these people, they knew that one of the, the big shifts of culture, if you go back to like, we talk about it ad nauseum on the podcast, but there's just a gigantic shift in culture from the 1950s to the 1960s is almost unimaginable the amount of change it takes place. And what you have to imagine as a person today is 2015. Now you think in time things accelerate even more rapidly. And change is more exponential. It's more crazy in time. And it's kind of, sort of true with some technologies, especially today with ai. But if you go back to 2015, and if you were just driving around in 2015, everything is essentially the same.


The phones look pretty much the same. The cars look pretty much the same. There's not much difference. There's not much difference in your life. If you go from 1959 to 1969, you have a totally different fucking world. You have a totally different world of culture. Totally different world of movies, totally different world of music. Totally different world of automobile design. You have a totally different world that I believe is inspired by psychedelic drugs. And when Nixon throws the water on the psychedelic movement in 1970 and makes them all schedule one, including things that aren't even psychoactive, by the way, missed a bunch of really good ones. Missed a bunch of really good ones that are still legal.


One of 'em was Salvia, which is fucking bananas. An insanely potent psychedelic drug that was completely legal. So if you look at it culturally, you see this shift. You see the movies get clunkier and goofy. Yep. You see the car start to look like shit. You see the music starts to suck. It starts to be like real frivolous and very surface. It's very, it's cocaine music. Yeah. Right. It's not, it's not Led Zeppelin. Yeah. It's not psychedelic music. It's not the Doors Jimi Hendrix. Yeah. It's not Hendrix. Yeah. There he's It's not, it's not voodoo child. You know, it's something completely divorced from feeling.


Yeah. Right. And this is because of Richard Nixon. Okay. So you're, you're basically saying the importance of psychedelics in expanding the visions that we have to advance our culture and society Yeah. Has been removed. Exactly. Yeah. I agree with And what you, we talked about the sympathetic use. Yeah. There's, there's, you know, there's people compassionate. Yeah. Compassionate use. There's people that are gonna use things and they're gonna abuse things of just like you and I are having a glass of whiskey cheer. Sir.


Playoffs, we're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action with Draftking Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet five bucks to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for a problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7. Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio


Climb. Yeah. But we are responsible adults. I'm entitled to a refill. Yes, sir. Okay. There You go. Get in there. You fucking drunk. I took my glu Bios. I know you did. I Know you did. I, I apologize. I finally went back and listened to our first podcast for 38 from August 8th, 2012. Mm. Wow. Damn that long ago. Wild 13 years ago. Wild. It was wild. And the thing that stuck out was the glutathione. So I started this morning with my glutathione, so I knew we were gonna finish this bottle. Oh, well I'm not finishing that bottle. There's not a chance in hell. I have stuff to do. Oh, we all do.


And I just worked out Did you take Glutathione? I haven't taken it yet. Okay. I take it every night. Sure. If you got some, go get me some. I take it every night I take Liposomal. That's what that is. That's it. There You go. Oh, this, I have to suck on this. Right. Taste like shit. Hey, No. Brain risk U number three. No. Is this your company? Millennium? Yeah, Millennium. That's our product and that is our core product for fixing the guys with TBI. Yeah. How's the new flavor? That's actually good. Oh, Thank you. That Actually doesn't taste bad at all. I always get nervous. Oh, when you're eating something out of a tube, you Said like, depends on whose tube it is. Yes. In that tube. It's exactly Not actually even a tube.


I don't know why I said a tube. It's a packet, like a ketchup packet. There You Go. But it's not ketchup. But it doesn't taste bad at all. No. But yeah, you turned me on the glutathione a decade ago. Decade plus 13. Yeah. Wow. Long time ago. Long Time ago. But yeah, because of meeting you, I, I mean, I really ramped up all of my nutritional supplements. You know, I, in a big way. 'cause back then when I first met you, it had to be 15 years ago. Right? Somewhere around there. Yeah. Least When I first met you, I was just basically taking multivitamins. I wasn't really like, strict about it. And then when you start doing blood work and explaining things to me And, you know, and breaking down the nutritional deficiencies, like you need niacin, you need this, you need that.


And I started taking all that stuff and it's, it makes a significant difference. It really does. And I talked to a lot of people that are skeptical about vitamins and they talk to their doctors. Unfortunately. And the reality is that you're very educated in this department, but many doctors have a cursory, at best understanding of nutrition. They, their, their specialty is their specialty. Right. If they urologist or their orthopedic surgeon, that's their specialty. And most of them are very unhealthy, unfortunately. Correct. And they're under the illusion that you can get everything that you need to live optimally with a balanced diet that's horseshit people. Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. And you notice it eventually.


Look, when I go on vacation, I've gone on vacation before, like seven day vacations and not taken vitamins with me. Feel shitty. Yeah. Man. Yeah. Like I feel different. Like at the end of seven days I'm like, Jesus, I need some fucking vitamins. So I don't do that anymore. Yeah. Now when I go on vacation, I take vitamins with me. I'm like, what's the big deal? I pack underwear, pack my fucking vitamins, and I just make sure that I have everything that I need. And if I don't do that, I don't feel the same. And I think it's just the difference between being alive that Do you need it to be alive? No, but we're not talking about just alive. We're talking about optimization. And if you, you want to feel better and everybody does, you should take vitamins and you should take a bunch. You should take a lot of different stuff. Yeah, absolutely.


One of the, one of the times you're talking about our progression throughout time, back in the nineties, doctors were against vitamins saying that it's expensive. Urine, it's expensive. Flushing. Yeah. On the toilet. You remember that My doctor told me That. Yeah. And then what happened? And then All the signs started coming out saying how we needed B12 because our nutrition was devoid because the soil not being rotated, devoid in the nutrients to feed the plants to give us our vitamin. I thought B12 was essentially from animals. It is muscle. Yeah. From muscle. But talking about B complex really, You know, you can get it in plants as well, but it's the trace elements as well. The minerals. And without having adequate amount, you gotta replenish it.


Right. And if you don't replenish it, you lose important, You know, pathways. What About folks that are getting their food organically? They're getting like, like they go to a farmer's market, they get really good organic groceries. It, most of the organic people supplement the animals with quality supplementation. Food. I mean, no organic vegetables, Organic vegetables, you know, or to be organic. You can't have pesticides on it. You can't have heavy metals. So it has to be nutritionally enriched with positive soil. They might compost put at, they might put additives in it. Ideally like just a natural process of compost and manure and stuff like that.


Yeah. And that's where I, I use chicken shit on perfect. Chicken shit's great. Right? It it works. Yeah. I've got some great lemons and vegetables. Do you know that people used to go to war over bat shit? I guano. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't that nuts? Yeah. I Guano was so important for fertilizer, For not only fertilizer, then it became the, the base foundation for lipstick and eyeline. Yeah. Bat shit was the foundation for lipstick. Guano. You imagine kissing someone, they got bat shit like Lipstick on guano wars. Yeah. They really did have guana wars. Guana war. Isn't that nuts? Bat shit. Yeah. Isn't that where batshit crazy came from? Crazy as batshit. Batshit. I, I don't know. I think the term batshit crazy.


I think that had something to do with how fever people would fight in a war over batshit. Is it fervent? Yeah. Whatever. F Yeah, that's a good word. I like batch. There's a lot of words I don't use, but I, I read them. Mm. And then when it's time to use them, I'm like, that's the appropriate road. I'm like, how do you even fucking say that? Yeah. You know, I think bat that's where the term bat shit crazy came from. It's One bizarre, one bizarre link. I guano ruled us agriculture and the world how fertilizer madness sparked into a turd war and turned guano into gold. Yeah. Man. People needed that for fertilizer. Yeah. Does it talk about the cosmetic use of guano? No, I didn't. Fountain of Youth, the bat shit's the fountain of youth.


It's, I, what is it? The nitrogen composition of it is very good for growth of plants. Mm. This is interesting. It says, prior to modern science and agriculture, the wise and hows of soil health largely were mysterious. How soil additives functioned or the knowledge of which minerals were needed. And when was the realm of the blind beyond animal manure. Farmers added soil amendments by the barrel composts, human waste fish, coal, bri products, chalk or whatever. Unholy concoction was hawked by the latest charlatan. Yeah. To pull, to pull up in a wagon at town's edge and promise a yield bloom. Decade upon decade the pitfalls of fertilization tormented growers until 1802 when German explorer and scientist Alexander von Humboldt strolled down a waterfront in Peru and felt his nose hairs curl in ammonia rebellion and an odor emanating from barge loads of yellow brown cake.


Guano Von Humboldt was told the stinking bird droppings covered the nearby chicha islands in deep layers and were massively popular with Peruvian farmers. So this is interesting. So that's how they started doing this. So this is in the 18 hundreds. Can I Read the next sentence? Sure. Okay. A little dabbled. Do ya curiosity building the nostril burning v Humboldt took home a scoop of guano to Europe and turned the spigot on agricultural fountain of youth. I, he sparked a vir fertilizer war. You know what's the interesting Yeah. Most interesting stuff about fertilizer is It's shit to me. Yeah. The mona, do you know that soil that they have in the Amazon that was created by man?


No. Yeah. It's, it's called Terra preda. And Graham Hancock told me about it. It's, there's a, a very specific soil in the Amazon that they think people from, you know, thousands of years ago figured out how to make. And this is like some sort of a compost process. And it's a very dark soil called terra preda. And this dark soil that exists on the surface layer of a lot of the Amazon was put there by man and not just put there by man, but created like, they had a process that they have not replicated to this day. They don't know what it is or how they did it, but they're very aware that there was a process involved in making this stuff.


And that it's not a natural process of this stuff forming. At least that's what He said. Well that's what he Saiding. Let me see. Show, show him some terra preta. It's pretty fascinating because, So it's a dark, a dark, dark earth. Yeah. It's, it's very interesting 'cause you see it and you're like, this is, that's what it looks like. So you see the terra prater is on the surface and then you go below it and you just get like regular dirt. But this tarot preta made everything very, very rich. And you know, it grew so much plants. It is just like, do you know that the Amazon is mostly human planted plants that grew outta control. Yeah. That They planted it.


The original settlers of the am This is the theory. Right. So they know now that the Amazon was heavily populated. They didn't used to think that, they used to think there was just this quiet, crazy, wild jungle. Right. And there's indigenous populations to live inside of it. Well, at one point in time there were cities, so there's grids, they found indications of, you know, some sort of transportation of water. They had, it looked like streets. They had grids that indicate there were structures there all throughout from the use of lidar. Oh, sure. From Satellite. So they fly. Yeah. So, well it's from actually drones. Oh. Oh. So they fly over with drones and they scan the area. They probably could use satellites too, but they, they, they use drones.


They scan the air and even airplanes, they scan the area and then they get these images that show these geometric patterns. Right. That exist below. And so they've unearthed a lot of these. And so now they think there were millions of people living in the Amazon. And that what probably happen was Europeans came over and gave them all smallpox. Yeah. That's the theory What Killed Everybody. 90% of Native Americans. Yeah. But what was done there was done in a place where they had made this environment with Tara Preda and just because of the, you know, the lush rainforest, it's like its rains constantly and vegetation grow so well that as soon as they were gone within a couple hundred years, everything's consumed by the jungle.


And then you have lead thousands and thousands and thousands of years in the future. There's nothing left. And that's what they think they're looking at when they're looking at these large sections of the Amazon that have these patterns and structures that indicate civilization. Yeah. It's pretty Wild. Yeah. I start my mornings looking at archeology. You do? I get, yeah. I look at archeology, but the archeology that I look at in Lidar is in Europe because, you know, I collect ancient coins from Europe, from Right. Italy and Germany and so forth and Spain. And I've seen the photos where they go over and they see the foundation and as you said, in the structures that are manmade structures.


Yeah. So it's neat stuff. It just makes you wonder how many of those exist out there, you know, in the Mexican jungles and in the Guatemalan jungles and that we don't even know about Tex, Aztecs and Mayan. Yeah. There's probably a ton of them back there. There's probably a bunch of stuff because the Amazon is so huge and most of it is not explored. Most of it is, you know, there's a, a bunch of different uncontacted tribes that live in there. Right. In fact, my friend Paul Rosalie, do you know who Paul Rosalie is? No. Is he the one archeology? No, he's essentially working to save the brain forest. And what he does is he goes down there and he hires these people that were loggers to have a new job.


And the new job is to protect the forest instead. And they've saved like shit ton, I don't know what the number is, but in incredible large number of acres. They've saved this way and they continue to do this, and they're trying to work with these people and try to stop them from just destroy, destroying destiny, destroying the Amazon. I think Sting donated a large amount of money to the Brazilian Amazon. Mm. And a lot of entertainers who have donated a lot of money to protect It. So my friend Paul, he runs into uncontacted tribes All the time. Really many times. Loved to go there. He sent me a video the other day that I can't share, but it's crazy. These uncontacted tribes, these naked people in the jungle in 2025. Yeah. It's really wild.


Yeah. They live in isolation. Yeah. But well, You know, isolation from what? From us, from assholes. From us. From us us. Yeah. But they, they lived the way people lived, you know, a hundred thousand years ago. And I would, God, if I could be a fly on the wall. Can you imagine the documentary, if we get really good at drones to the point where you can have an, a bunch of drones that really do look like insects and fly 'em in there and film these folks. Yeah. And just without them being but the problem, then people would want to go visit him, you know, and then they'd fuck everything up. Yeah. You have to keep it hidden like your video you were talking about because the, That's the reason why he doesn't want the video to get out. Understood. He doesn't want people to know that, that there's these people out there and there's a lot of them.


He said, well, one of his friends was killed. One of his friends was murdered by these people With the darts. With ri No, they got with arrows With karri on it. They could do that poison, but they, You know, they shot 'em with bows and arrows. They just fucking killed them. And you know, this was a guy that was like giving them stuff too. It's like he was bringing over rafts of food and they were like, you know what, today we don't need it. Fuck you. Yeah. You know, we killed a bunch of fish today. We don't, we don't need your bananas. Have you seen them? Where the ones the Indians living in the Amazons, they're shooting down the, the monkeys for food. Oh yeah. They love Monkeys. They don't need anything. They've, they've already established a, a culture of hunting, harvesting and building their homes or the building their town.


You know what I found out recently, the term Indian is not because Columbus thought that he was in India. India, Yeah. I'd been told that in fucking high school. So what is it? It's the children of God. It's, what is the original term of Indios? There's like, I, I forget the term, but it's not about India, it's just they called them Indians because they were the people that were living here in this place that they had named The indigenous. But Is, You know, like everybody thinks like America, You know, like you think of Native Americans, you know that we used to call them Indians because they thought we landed in India, in Columbus.


Landed in India. Or he thought he landed in India. Did he really? That's what it says Though. What's that? What's That? It Says that the, yeah, the Portuguese word Indios. But because Columbus was Portuguese. Right. But what is, there's a term though. There's a term like the people of God, the Portuguese were Indios. That's what the AI said. Yeah. But there's another term. The something, something that has to do with Indios. See ai, I don't AI's wrong, wrong about stuff sometime. Where did the, the term. That's what I just, I just typed in word. The word. Right, right, Right. Just just type in why are Native Americans called Indians?


That's, that's not gonna get you there either. Indian, What was the fortune of the word Indian. Right. So I was listening to this guy talk about this in a lecture. I wish I saved it. I I absorb too much information. Yeah. And don't follow up through on another, I'll go with their shredded post. Maybe. Here's this one. Was it say always in the impression that we use the term India because Europeans were mistaken that they landed in India. However, this Huff Post article explains that it wasn't possible that we use the term hindustan for India. That's what it is. And that Europeans used the term Indio earlier on, which had morphed into Indian. That's right. It was Indio.


So click on the HuffPost article. The name Indian and Political Correctness From 2007. Right. Well this guy was, it was a lecture this guy was giving. Oh, whoever wrote this could be the guy that gave the lecture. Mm. Could be sometimes that happens. Right. Could be Thiago. What is he saying? What's his term? Because there was something, there was something that had to do. That's right. Los Ninos. Los. Okay. You called them Los Nino. Spelling may be wrong. The children of God. The description by the padre means something like the children of God. After many years of use, the word indios emerged into this day, the indigenous people south and central America are called Indios.


So this is what this guy was saying. So it said Stop, scroll back, go back. So it said here, I'm a firm belief that most historians are wrong When they credit Christopher Columbus for Corning, the word Indian, because he thought he was landing his ships in India by 1492, there was no country known as India. Instead that country was called Hindustan. I think that it's closer to the truth. That Spanish padre that sailed with Columbus was so impressed by the innocence of the Natives. He observed that he called them Los Ninos. Meaning the spelling may be wrong in the Spanish words, but the description by the padre means something like the children of God. After many years of uses, the word indios emerged. And to this day the indigenous people of South and central America are called Indios.


I'm told that as the word wound, wound its way north. It evolved into Indian. Of course some will say that there's was a place in the East Indies in 1492 and Columbus may have thought he was headed for that region. So how and when did the effort to politicize the name start suspect? Some of it started when Native Americans enrolled in some of the white colleges. I think they found the word Indian offensive and set about to remake it. They found that the word Indian was often used in a derogatory fashion such as drunken Indian or rotten Indian. Perhaps the white people would've found it more difficult to say drunken Native American.


Yeah. Those white people. Yeah. Those dirty white people. Absolutely. Their problem. And finally, when some Indian journalists made it to the newsrooms of large and prestigious mainstream newspapers, they reacted the word Indian as they did when they were in college. They went to their editors and tried to impress upon them the paper should no longer use the word Indian, but instead switched to Native American or native. Interesting. The problem even with Native American is native for how long? So like if you believe the bearing land, ma Mass theory, that they came across that way that in a lot of Native Americans, and this was actually tested because of Mormons.


So there was a wealthy Mormon who spent a bunch of money on DNA testing for Native Americans. 'cause he was sure that it was gonna relieve, it was gonna show that they were from the Lost Tribe of Israel. Because he believed that, you know, the Mormon teaching is that like the Indians and Native Americans are lost tribes of Israel. But then he found out when they did the DNA testing. No, they're from Siberia. Like a lot of them are from Siberia. So that would make sense. They crossed the baring land bridge, their ancestors did. And they wound up in North America. Well, my people came from commun in Russia. Well that's connected. Yeah. Duh. Yeah, it was from there. From Siberia. Yeah. We bought Alaska for like 50 bucks.


Yeah. That was like the deal. A lifetime. They talk about the century. Manhattan might be the better deal. Like financially it's worth a lot more. Yeah. But God damn Alaska's bigger than Texas. Alaska's huge. Yeah. And you've gone there hunting, right? Oh Yeah, yeah. I've gone there a few times. It's, it's an incredible place. Alaska's incredible. It's really, it's really wild. Like that's the last real frontier. If you want to get away, move to a small town in Alaska. Yeah. And go, go live next to Sarah Palin. I can see Russia from there. So I should become Secretary of State. Remember when she Said that you can see Russia, but you can't even see, you can't even see the rest of Alaska. Alaska is huge. What are you saying? Yeah, I loved it there.


You know, it's gorgeous. The salmon fishing. Yeah. I love the people. The people are just different man. They're just rugged people. They're more reliable. They're built better. Yeah. Like you have to like, you usually like, You know how certain gene expressions are turned on and off due to stress and imagine their genes. They're dealing with fucking grizzly bears and moose and shit. You know, like this have, I'm sure you've seen this video of this guy goes outside of his house in the morning and two gigantic moose are duking it out. I've seen in his driveway. Head to head, head to head, but bouncing off cars and shit. This guy's like, whoa. And he lives in a neighborhood. It's like this guy's in the woods somewhere, like on his own.


And he's in a fucking neighborhood. These moose are duking it out. Yeah, I love that. In, in my neighborhood, the old neighborhood in Chatsworth, we had brown bears coming in. No, you didn't. You had black bears. You Had black bears. No. Brown bear of California. No, no, no, no, no. What do you mean? No, no, no, no, No, no. But brown bears had been extinct in California since the 18 hundreds. The last guy looked Died and they're Black. Yes. The last guy to die from bear attacks from a brown bear was Steven Leve. And he died in what's now Leve California. They named the town after him. Yep. And it's right outside of Toone Ranch. I'll Have to show you. Send you the picture. Well, I'll tell you what it is. It's called a color phase bear. So it's a different, it's a different bear.


Okay. So there's a brown bear, which is a grizzly bear and the the Kodiak bear. Right. And you know those bears, these enor, but they're All the same bear. The difference between a grizzly bear and a brown bear is just mostly what they eat. So the brown bears in like Alaska have so much salmon that they have immense amounts of protein and they're the, the largest of All the brown bears. They're fucking huge. Huge. They're much, much, much, much bigger than a black bear. Yeah. We had parks and rangers come to our house because one of our refrigerators failed. So we had all this great beef in there. So I had to throw it out. Oh, the bears Found it next, the next day the bears found it.


It was in a, yeah. You know, canister. And they came there. So I took videos of these, what I thought were brown bears coming in? No. So you're saying they're not, what's The No, they're, they're brown color phase. So brown bears can be B, excuse me, black bears. Black bears can be brown. Most of them are black. Some of them are even blonde. There's blonde color phase bears that they find up in Alberta, but they're black bears. So a black bear is less aggressive than a grizzly bear. Okay. A grizzly bear is a brown bear. And they were killing so many people in California that they wiped them out. That's what happened. Well This one jumped over a six foot fence. Yeah. But before it jumped over to six foot fence. It ended up eating chicken and filet mignon and probably had ribeye and everything.


The only thing it didn't eat was the garlic non Well tell you what, that bear's gonna be back. It came back three times. Yeah. On the third time, parks and recreation came by with a dart gun to try and put it down so that they can transport it to someplace else. Did they get it? No. No. It jumped over the fence. Yeah. I've never seen a bear jump. Six feet. Oh, they can move, Man. It was 250 pounds at least is what they said. Yeah. Oh, they can move. They move very, very, very fast. It was unbelievable. You'd be amazed at how fast they can move. Yeah. Like when they're chasing after another bear or something's happening, they're, they moved very fast And then there was, it jumped into our swimming pool And it was just, Yeah, I had swimming.


But in Pasadena, they have a lot of those, a lot of them In Pasadena. There's a funny video of this guy in Pasadena. He's walking down a street and he turns into alley and he's just staring at his phone and he is walking with his phone and this guy gets to them like 30 feet of a fucking bear. Wow. And he just like freak. You see? You can find it. It's hilarious. Yeah. I was like 10 feet away In Pasadena. Like in full on Pasadena. Not like the outskirts and the bush. The bush, right? No. Like actual street. City street in Pasadena. Black bear. Yeah. So what do you do when it's looking you face to face? Well you, you usually make a noise and try to startle it. And frighten it. Yeah. And get the fuck outta there. You yell it like, hey bear, you say, Hey bear.


That's what people do. They say, Hey bear, the thing is like bears that have been accustomed to people. So that right there is a black bear. Okay. That is not a brown Bear. The one that I saw and I think I, it looks like a brown bear. I might have it on my cell phone. Yeah. But it was lighter than that. Yeah. They make, they, like I said, they get even blonde. Blonde. So that's a brown black that's a color phased black. Bear it. So let's Intimidating. Yeah. Well, let's see the difference though. Pull up grizzly bear. So a grizzly bear is a completely different motherfucker. Yeah. So on the state flag of California, That's a grizzly bear. That's a grizzly Bear. Yes. That is the brown bear. That is no longer Look at the size of those motherfuckers. See that's a different, look at the different thing. Whoa. See the difference in the size? So that's a black bear and that's a grizzly bear.


Yeah. That's a grizzly. Grizzlies are much, much bigger, much more aggressive, much more dangerous. But interestingly enough, black bears turn out to be more predatory towards humans. So when a black bear attacks people, usually it's trying to eat them. Whereas when a grizzly attacks people generally, like a, a large percentage of the attacks are, I'm good. A large percentage of the attacks are people accidentally stumbling upon a mother in their cubs. The mother, that's the worst case scenario because It's protective. Yeah. You get near a mama bear. Woo. Yeah. That's so terrifying. They, they, because they just try to eliminate the threat immediately. And they just go after you and fuck you up.


They don't, they don't look at you and go, what are you doing? What's this about? They have to protect their cubs. And there's so much cannibalism in the bear world. They eat their babes. Oh yeah. Offspring. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Male grizzlies eat cubs and they, they hunt cubs. And so there's so much cannibalism of cubs from male grizzlies that the females are always on edge. 'cause everywhere they go, their fear is that they run into a male who's gonna eat their cubs. Grizzlies are fucking ruthless. Wow. These assholes that think they wanna bring grizzlies back to California. Right. This is like a movement now to bring grizzlies back. 'cause just like they brought wolves back to Colorado, these people are retarded and they've never spent a second in the woods.


They don't know what the fuck they're dealing with. They don't know what you're bringing back And what the consequences are gonna be of those things. And look, there's places they exist and they're great. It's awesome. Go to Montana, you can see them. Right. Go to, You know Wyoming, You can see them. Yeah. They're starting to make their way into Colorado. A friend of mine saw one in the San Juan Mountains. You got video footage of it. Yeah, I know. You go with your archery hunting. There's no hunting of bears. Yo, there's a lot of hunting of bears. Not in the lower 48 states. So they're trying to change that in Alaska. They're trying to change that in Montana because they have so many bear instances And you know, and attacks. And a woman was killed a couple years ago. She was dragged out of her tent. Yeah. It's scary shit, man.


I, and I'm not advocating for the eradication of grizzlies. I'm just saying that with our modern society, when they haven't existed in an ecosystem to reintroduce that to the ecosystem, you're, you're gonna cause chaos. You're gonna cause havoc. And if you want healthy breeding populations of them, good luck. Good luck. 'cause now everything changes. All your livestock changes. Your dogs change. Your dogs are gonna get eaten. All anything. You, you have a dog chained up in the backyard that's meat on a stick. Yeah. Yeah. That's meat. Meat On a chain. Yeah. That's over. They're gonna, and they're going to do that. They're going to target your garbage. You're not gonna be able to get rid of them. They're gonna keep coming back. It's, they're dangerous animals.


And they're beautiful and amazing. And an important part of the ecosystems that they exist in currently, like Montana and Wyoming, where there's elk populations and a lot of food for them. Yeah. In Alaska. Yeah. I personally can't see for myself going out hunting for bears or elks or moose. And I know you do that, but they're such incredible animals. They're just incredible animals. They are. Yeah. I just can't see putting 'em down. But if you don't, The way they die without me is way worse. If I get 'em, I'm gonna get 'em with an arrow and they're gonna be dead in seconds. Yeah. If they get attacked by a bear or a mountain lion, it's fucking brutal. Yeah. It's brutal. And the worst.


I mean, they might just freeze to death. That's how most of them go. I know. I shot an elk a couple years ago that was 11 years old and he had almost no teeth left. Hmm. His teeth were ground down because, you know, they're just, they don't live long. And part of it is because they can't grind food after a certain Age. Yeah. Because no teeth. No teeth. Yeah. Because their teeth are, I mean, they're just digging into the ground and pulling out shrubs and grasses and they're constantly mashing and smashing. And over the period of, you know, 11 years, his, his teeth had worn down to the roots. Yeah. So you've gone after bears. I haven't hunted bears before. You've Hunt bears'. Eaten bears before you've eaten it. Eaten. Yeah. What's the meat like?


It's like Beef. It's like a, like a, like a pig. Fucked a cow. That's what it's like. It's like a weird kind of beef. Or maybe a deer fucked a cow. It's, it's good though. It's good. But it depended upon the diet of the animal. So like the people that hunt grizzly bears and they've eaten grizzly bears or brown bears. They say they taste so fishy. It's, it's almost intolerable. Yeah. But You can turn 'em into sausage. You could the right spices and stuff like bear sausage is great, but you also have to be, have to be careful because of trinos. So you have to make sure you cook it to 160 plus degrees. Yeah. To kill Paras. Theosis. Yeah. Because I know several people that got trinos from bare meat Heart.


Well, it's just parasites in your muscles. Yeah. And it doesn't have too many adverse effects. It means it's very painful and brutal for the beginning exposure. You know, the beginning infection. But then the thing is like if, if you're cannib and you eat that dude and you don't cook 'em Right, you're gonna get it from him. Yeah. Which is really crazy. And What the reason why I don't eat Pig that you got after me and the last time we were here, pig has a lot of parasites. Sure. And a lot of them aren't cooked to the level to kill the parasites, cysto, psychosis and so forth. And Trinos And Trico. Yeah. Especially wild pigs. Yeah. Yeah. You know what the number one source of trinos is for people in America? No.


Black bears. Isn't that crazy? Think about how few people eat black bears. Yeah. It's The one, but it's the number one source of trinos in America for people that test positive for it. So it's through contamination from food, From eating them. From eating Them. Yeah. 'cause there's a lot of people that hunt black bears. Wow. Yeah. Wanna get really get blown away. Yeah. What, you know, what has, the state has the largest population per capita of black bears in the country. Wyoming, New Jersey. No way. Yep. New Jersey. New Jersey. New Jersey has an infestation of black bears. Wow. New Jersey. We played this video a hundred times with, there's these giant bears that are duking it out in a beautiful suburb of Far Rockaway, New Jersey, Rockaway.


So it's like nice, nice normal. Not like the woods. Yeah. Not like, you know, fucking residential Area. Yeah. Not the mountains. Yeah. Residential area. They knock over this mailbox and they're duking out in the street. Big fucking bears. Big bears. A guy recently shot the state record black bear in New Jersey And it was 800 pounds. Yeah. You should see it. Pull that video up. The photo rather up of this guy's bear. So I'm pretty sure that was archery as well. They banned bear hunting in New Jersey when the new governor came into place. That lasted for about a year. And then the human interactions with bears were so frequent and so that they re restarted the bear hunting program started.


Yeah. It's an important tool at the size of the bear. Whoa, look at the fucking size. 7 77 70 dressed. Wow. That's seven 70. After they gutted it and they added another 800 pounds for its intestines and organs. Another, another a hundred pounds rather. So it was, they think so. So it's field dress the bear before it was officially weighed in at seven 70. So it's probably quite a bit heavier than that. Pretty nuts. Hmm. Crazy. So if you see there's other pictures of it where you really get a better size of it. See if you can find some other pictures of it. 'cause that Is Huge. Yeah. Some other pictures of have it laid out and they're, You know, you can see what it looks like.


It's a fucking giant bear. But it's 'cause they have so much food there. And a lot of these bears exist. Look at the size of that thing. A lot of these bears exist around humans. And you've gone after a black Bear. Not that big. Not that the, the black bears that I've shot are like 200 pounds. 250 pounds babies. Well, they didn't look like babies. Yeah, I know. But, But yeah, you eat them, man. And the, it's also, it's an important part of conservation because if you don't control their populations, no one does. This is the thing about bears. They are the top of the food chain. Yeah. So if you're not controlling them, no one does. And so what they do is they eat each other. Yeah. That's the only control of bears is the infanticide of the cubs by the males.


Yeah. So, And the females too, by the way. Yeah. You wanna hear a crazy thing. My friend Jonathan, he watched this bear in this female bear. 'cause so the male bear came around, the female bear's trying to fight him off. And she eventually can't. And the male bear gets ahold of one of her cubs and kills it. And she chases him off of her dead cub. Right. Then she eats her cub. Whoa, whoa, whoa. That's the real world. Whoa. That's the real world. She ate her cub right in front of him. And he was, he came back to camp and he was like, Fuck. Yeah. So that's the balance that has to be struck in. Where was it Montana, where they had open season for, for elk or for moose?


No. Was it moose? No, there's no open season. There's no like Which state was it? Where they Had open what Open season. Open season means Where you didn't need a permit. Right. They had a cold. The ho There's no way they would never do that with elk. Elk is a very valuable, so Moose. Moose, no, no, no, no. They'd never do that with moose either. They would never do that with, they wouldn't They do it in some communities with whitetailed deer. And the reason why they do it is because they're completely overpopulated. And oddly enough, this happens a lot in the suburbs. Like there's places in the suburbs Yeah. Where people, there's like people who bow hunt in the suburbs because like, look, if you're bow hunting, your arrow doesn't go more than a hundred yards. Right. It's not like you have to worry about, you shoot and someone a mile away gets hit by a bullet. Right.


If you miss Yeah. You, you, your arrow drops. It arcs Right. Archery. It arcs. Sure. So it drops down to the ground. It only goes so far. And so it's safer if you have competent hunters who are skilled to hunt in the suburbs. And you know, most of these suburbs have wooded areas and they're infested with deer. So I think it was Pennsylvania, the states that were, were bringing in bow hunters and New York and in all their wisdom, these fucking dorks in, in the area around the Hamptons, they have this issue. But the people are so fucking retarded. Long Island that, yeah. Well it's just, it's the Hamptons. 'cause they're rich. Yeah. It's like if you had regular Long Island, east, regular Long Island, probably say, yeah, we should hunt them.


'cause they're food. I'm from Queens. Yeah, There You go. So explains it. They decided they were gonna just try to sterilize the deer and give 'em birth control. They were gonna, they came up with all these wacky concepts butt. They didn't wanna bring in bow hunters. But wasn't there in the last, what, five years. There was an overpopulation of moose surge. Never Near elk. There's never been an over on this. No, no, no, no. There's been a times where they had seasons in winter for elk in Montana. And the reason it was a, a complete depopulation effort. So they had had, this is before the reintroduction of wolves though. So the reintroduction of wolves, which is in the 1990s, has significantly impacted the elk population. And now it's actually more difficult to get a tag.


But back then they would have certain seasons that would have in the winter. So you'd be able to get these, these elk that were out there in the snow moving very slowly in the deep snow. And you could just kind of pick 'em off. And it was basically just a meat hunt. And it was a lot, they killed a lot of cows that way. Cow elk. And it was just a way for people to get meat. And also they were trying to put a dent on the population 'cause it wasn't sustainable. So they would have an elk herd of, you know, thousands of elk where it really should have been like 800 elk with the sustainable sustainability of the area. And the bear couldn't keep up. They couldn't eat enough of 'em. The mountain lions couldn't eat enough of 'em. And then they brought in the wolves and the wolves were way better than everybody else.


'cause they hunt together. And they started really chipping away at 'em. And now they've knocked the elk population down. I think it's in the neighborhood. Or they dropped it by 40% or plus since 1990. And what was the need for reducing the elk population? Well, if you don't have a balanced ecosystem, right. If you don't have enough predators, right. And you have a large animal, like an elk, like a bull elk is an 800 pound animal. And a cow elk, a mature cow elk is north of 300 pounds, 400 pounds. So this is a lot of food. And they can decimate vegetation. And there is a documentary that's kind of like poo-pooed by people. But interesting nonetheless, it's how, how wolves changed rivers.


And it's all about how the Yellowstone ecosystem changed because of their introduction to wolves. And more songbirds came in because there was more vegetation. 'cause the introduction of wolves, they killed off a lot of the elk. The elk had been just like maybe overbalanced in the fact that like overrepresented, they were eating too much vegetation. Yeah. So it's all interesting. But what you really want is things to happen naturally. And then when there's a problem, you know, really the best way to handle the problem, if there's like an overabundance of these animals, is to bring in hunters. The other solution would be to bring in predators. The problem with bringing in predators is if you have a predator like wolves that has been forever maligned because they go after livestock and they do target ranchers.


Like there's, there was an article I read today actually about this, these ranchers that were kind of optimistic about wolves being introduced into Colorado. And now they vehemently oppose it because they've seen the impact. And one of the reasons why they saw the impact is 'cause the governor of Colorado and all his fucking infinite wisdom, he had a mandate to get these wolves introduced during a certain amount of time. And they didn't have the wolves. So they got wolves from Oregon that they had captured while they were pre preying on livestock. So these wolves were already accustomed to preying on livestock. And those are the wolves they reintroduced into Colorado. They reintroduce wolves that had already been, they had already been like naturalized to killing livestock.


And so what they start doing, they started finding live talk and killing 'em again. Duh. But that's the thing, it's like you're, you're fucking around with nature and you don't know how this calculation is gonna end. Yeah. You're look, a good example is Australia. Australia is a fucking mess because they kept bringing in animals and then they'd bring in animals to kill the animals. And then they'd have an overpopulation of certain animals. So they'd bring in cats and now they have an overpopulation of feral cats to the point where they hunt feral cats. Like if you look at an Australian bow hunting journal, you know they have bow hunting magazines. My buddy Adam Greentree, shout out to Adam Greentree. My buddy Adam gave me a magazine from Australia Bow Hunting.


I'm like, bro, what the fuck is this? It's all cats. These guys are holding up house cats because they kill feral cats whenever they can. 'cause feral cats have decimated ground nesting birds. And they've destroyed just like off a shit ton of native animals that were in that area because they brought them in to kill some other animal that they brought in. It's like, You can't fuck around with nature like that. You don't know what the consequences are. And when you do ballot box biology, which is essentially what this stuff is. So the reintroduction of wolves is something people voted on. The people that voted on it are living in fucking Denver. All right. They don't encounter wolves. They don't know what they're doing. It's like the same thing happened in Vancouver.


So in British Columbia they outlawed grizzly bear hunting. Why they do that? Because hey man, why would you kill it? They call it trophy hunting. Right. But it's important to manage the predators and the people that knew this were the people that lived in the rural areas that were vehemently opposed to this ban. And then what happens? Well you get ballot box biology, you get people that have no experience with bears, don't encounter bears, don't have to worry about bears. And they say, yeah, let's not ban them anymore. Now you got bears breaking into people's houses and there's much more of 'em than ever before. And people are freaked out. Yeah. I freaked. You can can't do anything about it. Yeah. I freaked out when the bear came to the house. Yeah, You should. I was like, whoa, you should've seen this fucking bear 250 pounds swimming in my swimming pool.


Yeah. You know, going back and forth. And then the Department of Parks and Rangers came, you know, came in to try and deal with it. Yeah, yeah. They said Stop feeding it. I'm not feeding it. I put the fucking, you know, beef into the garbage can because it's no longer, you know, it wasn't frozen. Right. And the bear kept on, don't put it there. Where should I put it? Yeah. Where do you put it to me? Wish. Should put it at your Asshole neighbor's house. You have some guy that's annoying. Go use his garbage in the middle of the Night. I've got a bad neighbor. I'm gonna have to put it into the Yeah, you should dress up though. Dress up like a Ku Klux Klan member or something like that so they don't know what You look like. Dress up as a bear to go into Rolls Royce. To destroy Rolls Royce. Oh, There You Go.


You remember that One? No. What was that? You didn't see that this Oh, that's right. A guy was wearing a bear suit. Bear Suit. And he did Insurance fraud. Brought Insurance fraud. They brought in the bear expert and said that bear would not have gone into the Rolls Royce and done those scrape marks on it. So this guy was trying to get rid of his car. He was trying to get insurance money. Oh, what A mor on what a silly bitch. Yeah. Yeah. I've learned right now so much more about bears, You know? Incredible. Yeah, they're a wild animal. Yeah. I mean, not wild. Just wild but Fascinating. I love them. You know Teddy Roosevelt And you know, when he did his bear hunting, loved it.


Bears is such, You know what the scariest bear to run across is? Take A guess. No. Polar bear. Oh, white bear. Yeah. You know why? No, because they don't eat anything but meat. At least grizzly bears. If you find a grizzly bear that's in a blueberry field, they'll eat. You probably don't even have to worry about 'em. They're gonna be bloopers. Oh yeah. They'd be gorging on blue. But black bears and grizzly bears are omnivorous. So they eat vegetation and they also eat meat. Meat. Yeah. Polar bears are just carnivores. Wow. And they're hyper aggressive. Wow. Yeah. They just eat seals and occasionally people, but they eat, they hunt people. Yeah. No Way. Oh yeah. They'll go after you. They smell you from a distance to hunt You Bed. Bed body odor or something.


Just you smell. Yeah. Everybody smells. Yeah. You know, you'd be amazed at how much a bear can smell. There was a a a video where my friend was in, I forget what part, I think they were in Montana, maybe Idaho. And a bear was 700 yards away plus. And the wind hit the back of his neck and the bear started running and he's like, did that fucking bear wind us? Like the bear caught their smell from 700 yards away And went after him. No, The other way. It was a black Bear. It ran away. Black Bears run away. Smart. Yeah. Absolutely. Human run. Yeah. Well, in any area where the bears get hunted, they run away.


Sure. You know, like in Alaska, if they smell you generally they're run away because people hunt bears In Alaska, they don't have any experience with getting hunted. Black bears do, but grizzly bears don't. In the lower 48 and the lower 40 eight's not legal to hunt them yet, but they're trying to change that. Grizzlies. Grizzlies. Okay. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Interesting. Great. New information for me, It's important to know. Yeah. In case I walk. It's A wild world out there. Absolutely. It's a wild world. And if you know you, you live in the city and you think it's cute, let's go for a hike. Yeah. And then all of a sudden you meet a fucking mountain lion. Yeah. Well we have mountain lions where Oh fuck you do. Yeah. Mountain lion lions. You do bobcats, deer, bobcats.


Lot of You have a lot more deer. If it wasn't for the mountain lions. And that's what the wildlife lovers want. They want nature to balance itself out. Yeah. The problem is they eat your cats and dogs too. A lot of 'em in San Francisco there was like 50% of the problem cats that they caught. They found out their diet was pets. Yeah. 50% of their diet was pets. I lost two cats. Yeah. Coyotes mostly, right? Yeah. Coyotes. Yeah. Were the ones, they were indoor cats. And every now and then they would go out. Right. And gone. Yeah. Gone. Owls get 'em too. Do they really? Oh yeah. They swoop in and pick 'em up and take 'em away. A buddy of mine has a friend who works in like tree service and they found a nest and owl nest.


It was filled with cat collars. Yeah. They like 10 cat collars in there. Wow. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We've had owls where we are. We're in Santa Susanna pass. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. A lot of owls up There. You know, a lot of vowels. Do You Know owls are stupid? No. Yeah, They're dumb. You know that whole thing of wise old owl, they're one of the dumbest birds. They don't learn things. They're stupid. I talked to a lady who's a falconer and she trains birds and she has an owl and she's like, it's the dumbest bird I have. She's like this idea that owls are wise. She was like the the second dumbest Bird. Who's number one? I forget Ostrich. See if you can find it. It's in the ostrich family. Yeah. It's another animal that's in the ostrich family. Oh, what's that?


Ostrich's might be dumber. Yeah. Than than owls. It's, they're really dumb. They always got their head in the sand. Well, They're also big. Yeah, they're big. They don't, they don't fuck with what's The other. And They'll kill you. They's kick you to death. What's the other breed? That's, it's not ostrich, but it's in the same family. Castaway. It's Cass away. I think that's what it's called. Is it Cas away that that's the one that's dangerous. They, they kill people. Yeah. That's, you ever seen that fucking weird bird? No, I haven't seen it. Is that what it's isn't? Am I saying it right? A Cas Cass thing. Sary. That's right, Cass. Yeah. They're freaky looking man. See that? They're freaky looking. Yeah. They're a big ass bird too. But they kill people. The people have died by being attacked by these birds. And What pex 'em on their face? I Think they claw 'em.


I think they attack you with their claw. It might be their face too. Their face looks like a fucking hatchet. Yeah. That's Wow. Beautiful bird. Beautiful. Yeah. God, look at his eyes. Wow. The ation. I'm looking at you. Yeah. Wow. Look at the comb. Google Casa kills people. And where are they found? Just in Australia. I don't Know where that one is. A massive flightless emu like creature. Ah. That's the word. Emu as the most dangerous bird in the world. Owing to the fact that it's, it can seriously injure or kill a human or a dog in an instant with his deadly claws. You know, it's a claw. Yeah. They just rip you apart. So they go for your guts.


You know, that's the same like, yeah. Yeah. Look at their tips. Oh my God. They got fucking talons for claws. Jesus. Five inch. They can eviscerate a human being with a single kick. Hmm. Although there's no record of this happening, wasn't it? 'cause the people are dead. They can run 13 miles an hour. Killed a 75-year-old man who was raising one in Florida. Oh. He tripped and fell on it and the bird tapped him. Oh, Jesus Christ. It's succumb to his. Yeah. Wow. Well that's a bird I'm not gonna collect. Hmm. Yeah. 1 million. What's the dumbest bird, Jamie? I, So it's ca away it said, owls are smart.


When I Googled our owl lies dumb or smart. Lies. Lies. Lies. Said they're almost as smart as a crow or a raven Of course, yet. But I did see some stuff saying they're not that smart or their brains are different, but they have really good eyesight and stuff, so, oh yeah, they Have killer eyesight. What? No owls are not dumb. Yeah, That's right. Lies. Lies. I was talking to a lady And she, one lady told you they're not done dumb. Two ladies. Two. Okay, fine. Two Different falconers. And if you have three, it's a done deal. Two different people. And now like in the last year, I've, I've hung out with two different falconers and their animals. Yeah. Believe it or not, one of them had an eagle. Yeah. She had a female bald eagle. It was amazing. Dude, you we, I caught it on my arm.


You know, you put the glove on, you have to put a different glove for the eagle than the other animals. Cause it wasn talons are so powerful. Yeah. But having that thing land on your arm is crazy. Shoe bill might be the dumbest bird shoe bill, even though it makes that cool ass sound. Oh yeah. They're cool. Have you ever seen that fucking thing? A shoe bill? Stupidest bird in the wild. They make a sound that sounds like gunshots. Like they slap their jaws together and they stand like that. That's what it looks like. See how the, the thing standing up the thing's like five feet tall. Imagine a five foot tall bird with those evil eyes and that giant face. Look at his fucking mouth. Wow. Look at that beak. Get a video of That's the dumbest bird. That's What it says. I mean there's multiple of articles repeating It.


The dodo was really dumb bird too, right? Yeah. Dodo. Can you do Google shoe Bill makes noise. Shoe bill noise. Yeah. It's really cool. It sounds like a machine gun, isn't it? Clacking. So they kind of shake the bottom of the top of their beak or their bill backwards and forth. Different speeds. Shut the fuck up dude. Shut this dude up. And that's how you can cut. Shut this dude up. How crazy is that? It is. Now imagine 15. Imagine that getting a hold of your face. Ah, imagine that fucking massive beach.


Or Any appendage lower down. It's a big animal too, man. They're big. What's the height on it? I think they're like five feet tall. Five. Fuck. Isn't that nuts? Wow. And they, they look like they're from a different time. They look like they're like, you went back at 3.5 to five feet tall. Yeah. I think they look like they're from dinosaur times. Yeah. Like it doesn't even make sense. Like look at that thing. You ever heard of a terror bird? No. Terror birds used to exist like more than a million years ago. Right. I work in human, you know anatomy human. I know you're human. I work in meat fighting. Oh yeah. I weren't people beating shit out of each other. Yeah. And I want complain about what? I was expecting to find some elk sticks out in your front.


I've got some. Yeah. First time I had it was You have to complain. Yeah. Well, well I'm not complaining, but I asked and they said it's not available. Jamie Google terror bird. Like Yeah. That image with a human being, where is it? Right there. So that is what they look used to look like. Imagine that. Whoa. A nine foot to 10 foot tall giant fight flightless bird. And they called them terror birds. Terror. Like T-E-R-R-O-R. Terror. Like you'd be terrified if you saw fucking giant bird. Look at that thing. Fucking scared shitless killing Horses and shit. Terror bird. Yeah, it was Huge. So where can we get one?


They don't exist anymore. Oh geez. When did they die off? Look at it. It looked like, woo. That's a neat, isn't that crazy? Imagine seeing that 10 feet tall. Wow. Holy shit. I'll take two please. Huh? Look at the size of it. That's what they used to look like. Where Is that? That's at, Well that's a recreation obviously. Yeah, obviously. But I don't know where that is. Said. It was based off of a fossil in South America. Fossil remnants. Yeah. Year. Did they go extinct 55 billion years ago? I Think it was a couple million. Yeah. 55 billion years ago. Zo, it says right there. When did the Terra Bird go extinct Zoic era. When's that? What date was that?


Okay. Was it January? 66 million. Oh, a lot more. A lot longer Ago. 66. The current geological age of earth. Oh, it's the current geological age. Beginning 66 million years ago. And continuing to the present. So when did the terror birds go? Extinct. Does it say, when did they go extinct? How do you pronounce that word? I think it says, Hold on. How do you, how do you pronounce that? PHO Rac. Sitis. How would you say it? You're a doctor. Terror bird. I would say a terror bird. Oh, it's only thousands of years ago they Survived in one of 'em.


Survived into the late place Toine. Whoa. 63. I mean, they could have been longest D dryas, you know? Holy shit. One of them survived up until 6,000 years ago. Nine. Well, between 96,000 and 6,000. I thought it was millions until Late place to see. Wow. A hundred thousand years Ago. Oh, we're so lucky. Yeah. Lucky all mail been around man. Ate it up, right? No, I don't think Neanderthals were here. They were European. I think there's probably a bunch of assholes who wanna bring those back too. You know, they wanna bring back the mammoth. That's probably next. Let's bring back the Terror. Oh, they've been working on that, right? Yeah. Yeah. They'll probably just call it a different name. They won't call it a terror bird.


They'll call it something cute. Yeah. You know the conservation bird, he's gonna make sure That all those big bird, they'll call it brick bird. Big bird. Yeah. We're gonna bring back big bird. Big bird. Just make 'em yellow. So people love him. I don't, big bird. Unbelievable. Yeah. So natural World. So speaking of which, since we're talking about ridiculous shit and you are a doctor, I wanted to bring this up to you because Jamie and I were exchanging text messages yesterday about these mummies that they found in Peru that have three fingers, not The aliens. Yeah. Well I don't, they don't know what they are, but they have three fingers and not three fingers. Because they cut the fingers off. They actually, they're structured genetically.


Right? Genetically has three fingers. And their cranial capacity, it's, they have a large head, which a lot of times they think was due to, you know, they would form their head and like press, press boards to make their head stretch out. Which they definitely did in some tribes. Right. Chinese do with the Feet. But the question is, why were they doing that? And then were they doing it to replicate something else? Yeah, that's it. So the thing about these is that they had a cranial capacity that is larger than most human beings. That's Alien. It looks like a fucking Alien. That's a fucking, that's correct. But is that real? Here's the question. Appear. Okay. Three fingered, alien mummies. Click on that article and see where, where are they getting this info? I know it was in Yeah. New York post.


So three fingered, alien mummies found in Peru have fingerprints that do not appear to be human. So the fingerprints that it has, instead of spirals, I think they're lines and go Google. Go scroll it. But scroll back, scroll back, back to where you were. Look at that image. That's x-ray image of their fingers. So these are like real bones and digits. Yeah. So this isn't just a, a, a statue that someone made. Right. This says real bone structure that is exact to like what a human being has. All those little tiny muscles in the mid hand. Right? I mean that all looks normal but weird with the three fingers and three toes.


And so if you scroll down, you'll see more images. So this is what it looked like when they found it. So the body is covered. Go back. So I could read that please. It says the body is covered with dito. How do you say that? Diatomaceous earth. Diatomaceous earth. Yeah. A type of white powder made from the sediment of fossilized algae found in the bodies of water. The only possible explanation for the unusually straight fingerprints could possibly have something to do with the way her skin was preserved. He said, noting that it's very odd. So the US medical examiners traveled to Peru last April to study the bodies with the lack of human fingerprints as puzzling.


He said it would be extremely premature to make any statements about the mummy's origins. So they know for a fact that these things are biological and they're not created. Have they done any sort of DNA? Look at the, look at the picture of what it actually looks like. That's fucking, that's an alien. Crazy. An yeah. That does look like an alien. Yeah. I mean that's exactly what people expect to see at their bed in the middle of the night. Yeah. You said it looks like an alien. Yeah, it is an alien if It's real. Its so hard. And no disrespect to the post, but, you know, people bullshit. Not those, those those I think have proven to be horseshit. But if you scroll up, scroll back to where you were, back to where you were. That thing. Okay. I wanna know what that is.


Like. What is that? If, because it's got three fingers and three toes and it's got an alien face. Yeah. It looks like a gray. It has a tiny slot for a mouth and tiny dots for a nose. It looks like the archetypal angel. Or the archetypal alien rather that people see in like close encounters of the third time, third kind. And what was that other movie? The, the Whitley Strider movie. Communion. Communion. I didn't see that one. That was a, that's a weird one. 'cause Whitley Streiber is also a fiction writer and he wrote this book about his own personal experiences with aliens, which I wanna believe him. But Yeah, that's a classical impression. Yes. Face wise of an alien, of a gray, as you said. 100%. Yeah.


Even with the shape of the eye, like the eyes are kind of slanted. Like, not like a humans, like they're at angles. Just like they always, they always show them with these kind of, they look, you Know. Oh, the the big guys, the ized, the large. Yeah. We Have to have an image of one of them around here somewhere, don't we? Yeah. You probably have Aliens all over this fucking place. Yeah. But that classic look is exactly what those mummies look like. Yeah. So they have straight F Go back. What did you just wear? Three figures. Jesus Christ. All these popups. Isn't that crazy? Yeah. It says the humanoid three fingered alien mummies have straight fingerprints. They do not match those of humans. According to an attorney who reviewed one of the controversial specimens. Oh, an attorney said that You believe him. I Don't know.


That's what the rest of this came from is 'cause this guy didn't believe everyone was saying. So he is like, we're gonna go look. So Joshua McDowell, a former Colorado prosecutor and current defense attorney, examined one of the tiny strange bodies named Maria with three independent forensic medical examiners from the United States. Scroll. It said he and the experts are shocked to discover that the fingerprints and the et like corpses were in perfectly straight lines. They were not traditional human fingerprint patterns. He told the daily male. But what did they do in analysis of the tissue? Like, did they find out that it's actually biological tissue? Can you scroll down further? It Doesn't say anything like that. Didn't say that. That's why I was trying to go to different articles to find Better.


So I'm a forensic prosecutor. I'm a cri criminal defense attorney. I've seen lots of fingerprints. And these were not classic fingerprints. Look how weird it is. Look at that image That's so crazy looking. Yeah. How And also, how did I just find out about this yesterday? We talked about it Before. I know, but I, I never saw it look like this. What I saw were those other ones that I think have been proven. I might be wrong, but I think at least allegedly had been proven to not be real. And that the person who was exposing those, those little tiny ones that were like laying down straight, that guy had a history of doing some deceptive stuff. Allegedly. Yeah. So, But you believe that they're there.


Do I believe, I mean, you believe that the aliens are here? I do not, not believe. Do not not believe. So you're, I don't Disbelieve. Yeah, ambi ambivalent as to the fact that they're, I believe that they're here. I wouldn't even say I'm ambivalent. I am open-minded. Okay. But You won't say yes Lo Yeah, I'm logical. Yeah. I think there's a lot of deception going on. Okay. I think there's also the possibility that what we're dealing with is not as simple as we like to think. Yeah. These things. So these things I've heard are bullshit. I don't, might be, might be wrong, but I'm trying to find out. Well might that be, so that guy, this information, he's The journalist that Jane, that journalist that unveiled the bodies and the guy who exposed the bodies.


The guy who exposed the bodies I think was the one, the guy who came up with it. That's what I'm just trying to figure out how. So there's an issue of them being found in Peru and taken to Mexico. Oh, it's already that issue. Okay. And then where they said they were found near Nasca in 2017. I'm trying to figure out, okay. Who, who found them? Mine. Yeah. That was the thing about that, that alien look in one with the three fingers. That was even more interesting to me because that's that area where there's these credible patterns that are made on the ground that You can only only see From space. Yeah. Or not space, the air. Right. You can only see looking down on them. So it's like, why would anybody even make those things?


And some of 'em look like a look, the images look like animals and stuff. Yeah. Spiders and, Yeah. Weird stuff. And some of 'em look like maybe even a, a person. I'm sorry, where'd it go? Mexican doctors have examined the two bodies that featured elongated heads and three fingers on each hand. Same thing. Three fingers. They found no evidence of any assembly or manipulation of the skulls. But other scientists have panned the discovery as an elaborate stunt. Maan 70, who touted the pur purported exter. The most important thing that has happened to humanity has denied any wrongdoing. Scroll down. Look at that. How fucking weird. Yeah. I believe that there are aliens.


Why do you believe that? Why do I believe that? Yeah. Why would we, why would we be the only people on a planet when there are millions and billions of planets out there And we've reached a level of technology that allows us to send a ship to the moon. Anticipation with Musk to go to, you know, to Mars and so forth. Right. How about there are other people on other planets who have accelerated, have been there millions of years longer than we have. Why isn't it that they're able to come to us to see what we're doing? We're going out to other planets to see what You know was on other planets. I remember reading that.


I believe that, you know, there are other people out there According to the UFO aficionado by the way. As, as you say, according to UFO aficionado, I already started looking at you slide that You believe that. Yeah. The analysis showed that the humanoids are not related to any known earthly species. And that one third of their DNA is unknown. There You go. Well take it, map it. Let's make a new one. Yeah. Let's look at the D On Guys relative to Ours. Get those masks on guys and introduce some Simeon biology into them and turn it into a new kind of alien. Yeah, Just do a 23 and me. It says, the specimens are not a part of our evolutionary history of earth. The university has since distanced itself from mosan claiming its scientists.


Took no part in the research and never came in contact with the full corpses. In no case do we make conclusions about the origin of these samples. University's national laboratory of mass spectrometry with acceleration accelerator said in the statement, okay. The presence of carbon 14 allegedly detected in the specimens, prove the samples were related to brain and skin tissues from different mummies who died at different times. What does that mean? Yeah. From one individual is that saying from one individual, the presence of carbon 14 allegedly detected in the specimens prove that the samples were related to brain and skin tissue from different mummies who died at different times.


So they're all different. They come from different times and they're all different little mummies. So that's what they're saying. So what they're saying is that the carbon isotope dating is showing that that's what it is, right? Is that what they're saying? I think so. Okay. So how do you account for the fact that in in Egypt and in the Mayan rooms Oh and so forth. Hold on. This is our buddy Ryan, US Graves Navy pilot pilot Ryan Graves, who attended the hearing to share his personal experience with alleged UFO sightings later slammed ma SAS presentation as a stunt. He said yesterday's demonstration was a huge step backwards for this issue. Graves wrote on X, formerly Twitter.


I am deeply disappointed by this unsubstantiated stunt. Well he's a very legitimate guy. Ryan Graves is and very intelligent. And if he's saying it's a stunt now I'm super skeptical. He's a hi. Okay. He has a history of making controversial claims about other alien remains that have been wildly discredited. Widely discredited. Okay. In 2017, he participated in a TV documentary about other specimens recovered near Peru's Nasca launch, which experts have said to have conc been concocted out of modified mummies. Yeah. So I wonder if they're talking about that other thing when they're saying that That is all older than the one we were looking at.


The one we're looking at. When did they find that one? When did they find that alien? I That's I it said the same time. That's why I was trying to get into this and the sources aren't great. It's all this says they're all coming from the same area around the same time. But they, it all looked different. Yeah. That looks super different. That one looks more like the way something you'd find dead. Like the way, it's like even the way its legs are rotted away. Like it, it, it doesn't look fake. That one video we watched or we you sent me was getting more towards like they could have been found in a burial type site that other groups used similar things. Where Did they find this one though? This is the one I'm interested in. Yeah. It doesn't say specifically, But the fact that they did an x-ray and they show the actual fingers and toes and that it looks just like real fingers and real toes with actual bones.


That's crazy. Cubic formm bones. The phx, they, you know, they're consistent with, You know, looking at a human hands. Right. But it's consistent with a human hand that would've three fingers. Right? It doesn't have, yeah, there's not missing digits. So You say it's genetic abnormalities so they only have three fingers. It could be, well there's a group of people in Africa that have like bird feet. Have you ever seen them? No. They have toes. It's like a genetic mutation that exists and it's thought to be like a prize thing. And these people have like two toes to and their, their feet branch off like this. And there's a bunch of people in this village Yeah. That have these feet that are like this. I forget what they call them, like bird feet or I forget how they describe 'em.


Yeah. These are the folks. So see that. Yeah. So now if you found these guys and there's not just one of them. Substantial minority of oma have a condition known as extra. You said that you're the doctor Edactly Edactly, which means the middle three toes are absent and the two outer ones are turned in resulting in the tribe being known as the two toed or ostrich footed tribe. So go to images and see what that looks like. It's really wild. 'cause there's like a bunch of 'em hanging out together. Like look at their feet. So now if you found a body that had those, you would say, oh, those are aliens. No, but look at that alien. If you go back to the one that was original with the eyes and the face and the size.


Yeah, definitely. It's, these are grays. Okay. Well It certainly looks like what I would think a gray would be correct. And the fact that it doesn't have a thumb is odd too. But that is also one of the things that people have said about these things. There's also these, they always has always have said that they have very long fingers and you look at his fingers in relation to the size of the body. They're very long, long fingers and very long toes. Yeah. I mean, So how do you account for the fact that there are multiple, You know, from the Assyrians to the Egyptians, to the Aztecs, to techs Mayans, where they have on their, on their structures, they have imagery of flying saucers.


Right On helicopters on Alien. You know, there's a couple with the, they look alien. I think they, For that, I think the helicopter one I think is a fraud. You think it's all fraud? I think that one is duplicated. But why is it? I think that's duplicated. Photoshopped duplicated. I think it is. But you think, yeah, I'm pretty sure that's been shown. But the planes that they found that are like wooden carved planes, like they look like airplanes that have, they've found in tombs. That's fascinating. They have a rudder, they have a tail. Right? They have wings and they, it looks like a plane. I've seen That. Yeah. So how do you Account for that? That is crazy. How Do you account for that? Well, I don't know what we're looking at.


And I think there's more to reality than we see. I have a feeling that our senses are extremely limited and that there's other dimensions that we don't have access to that might have access to us. I don't necessarily discredit the idea of something traveling from another planet. Right. Dimens. I think we might be dealing dimensional with that too. I think we might be dealing with a bunch of different civilizations and entities that are at very different stages of evolution. So if life exists all throughout the galaxy, we, we, we know a bunch of things, right? We know that planets have certain ages.


We know that some planets are very old and some planets are much younger. And we know that some planets are much closer to the sun. And some planets live in a very hospitable environment. We know that some planets like ours are essentially in a shooting gallery because there's 900,000 near earth objects or more that are flying around, slamming into things. And if it wasn't for Jupiter, we'd be fucked. If it wasn't for Jupiter's enormous gravity and mass pulling everything into it. That's like basically our catcher. It catches All the shit that flies into our solar system and slams into Jupiter. And Of course the moon itself is pockmarked with. So imagine a planet that doesn't have that issue.


Imagine a planet that has a different environment where there's not a bunch of shit flying around and they think that flying around stuff is largely a part of collisions. Like planets colliding with each other in the distant past. And that's actually how earth got formed. Can I go to, you got a bathroom? Yeah. Go, go, go, Go, go. Thanks. I got, I'm, this is a good time. I'm investigating this stuff back. Jamie's Investigating. Yes. I'm excited. Is investigate. Why would there be just go, go pee. Go pee. Come on buddy. Thanks. To the Left. To the left, yeah. This dude's already lit. He's had three giant glasses of whiskey and he's 78 years old. Yeah. I got a clearer picture of that egg too from God. I hope my brain works that good. But I'm 78, you know what I'm saying?


Like that dude just, he doesn't have any notes. He's just pulling all his information out of the efi. Ah. So the guy who took him, you mean to wait, Which the egg? No, no. Fuck the egg. This is the NASCAR mommy stuff. Oh yeah. He said he removed as many as 200 sets of remains from the cave. Whoa. Some of the bodies have been smuggled out of Peru to France, Spain, and Russia. Wow. And interview with Reuters. He said this is from, what Would you do? 24. Let's ask this. What would you do if somebody got you one of them mummies. If somebody say, Hey Jamie, gimme that money that you won from Shane. Oh, look at that. Whoa.


The same thing though. Three toes. Yeah. Look how long the fucking toes are. I think that's where the X-ray comes from. Is these Oh, It's the same guy. This the McDowell guy. Oh, the same guy keeps finding him. Hmm. Yeah. It's the same people. Little suss. Right? They, They found about eight I think is what they're saying here. And then the McDowell's father is saying they're a hard, having a hard time getting them to the US to do more studies. Oh yeah. Super hard. Cut the fucking shit. They're already pissed. Lemme call Elon disappearing. He'll shoot a rocket over there. Pick those things up quick. Let me see the skull again. Have they done an x-ray of the skull? Why wouldn't they do that? I had an x-ray on one of these skull. Oh, the skull. Oh Jesus Christ. Holy shit dude.


It looks like A, it's one of the smaller ones though. Yeah, but whatever. Look at that thing. This could be eggs. What? I don't know. What is that? Like The Ribs look little weird. Imagine if you found out those are like anal toys and they're just freaks. I do believe one of these they were saying was made up of different animal parts and stuff. Come sit down and put a microphone on. Whoa. So we're looking at x-rays of one of them is bullshit. Look, look at the fucking x-rays of the skulls man. Like you're a doctor. Look at that. That looks like real shit, Right? That looks like real. Yeah. Oh, it looks like real bones. Yeah. A completely different, Yeah. Yeah. X-ray shows it the caval, the space for the brain.


What is that thing across his chest? What's that thing? It shows up there kind Of instead of the sternum. It's their form of sternum. Yeah. I guess, right? It's like Some, yeah, because sternum holes are two sides left and right together. Maybe it had surgery. Yeah, maybe It had surgery Implant. Jesus. Yeah. Maybe that's, it's like neural link. Where's this from? So this is, I found I was like digging more. This is a slight, this is from this year. Look At that one. Look at that. Show that to Dr. Gordon. Mm. Look at the same thing. Different finger. The long fingers. Long toes. Same thing. Three. Yeah. And real similar in the way they look Per, so all these are coming outta Peru.


They all came from the Same area. That's When you disappeared. They said they've gotten close to 200 Different. I did disappear 'em Here. Well you disappeared. I disappeared. He Just went to the bathroom. Jamie, Don't get mad. Hey, I allowed to here. I did disappear. I just had a pee. Come on Christ. It's like he left you. Yeah. Look at, look at that x-ray of the skulls. The skeletons though rather. Those were So fascinating. Yeah, Those look really Weird. It looks very Weird's. What I was seeing too, the videographer isn't known. They don't know who shot this video. Well it says the videographer behind the new footage is unknown in no small measure due to the thorny legal and ethical dimensions of handling these allegedly historical and culturally priceless ancient remains.


That makes sense. I don't know exactly who shot the video, but there are context clues in the longer version. One source who had also given, also been granted. The tape told daily mail.com. One of they call the HROs, who has long been involved in promotion. The, these nasca mummies was convicted of assault on public monuments for taking artifacts in 2022. So if you take these artifacts, they go after you. The man received a four year suspended sentence, was fined about 20,000 Peruvian souls. Just 5,190 US dollars according to Reuters. A clear example of the high risk extra legal measures some have taken to seek either truth or profit from these aliens.


That makes sense. So it's dangerous to pull them out. You can get in trouble. So then I think though I was getting to too, was the The journalist Yeah. Has a lawsuit. He's taken the Peruvian government to court, hoping to negotiate with Peru as he put it, to be allowed to export the samples to be done in America. The lawsuit is already in for $300 million. Wow. Explain. He's pursuing monetary damages to repair his enterprise's damaged reputation, but intends to spend the cash on a museum for the mummies and hookers and a Ferrari. I want a Ferrari. And, and Dr. McDowell himself has also recently pled with the, with Peru's government in open letter, published in one of the country's top newspapers asking for official permission to study these specimens at top flight scientific facilities in the us.


Well, I like that. I like that. At least he's trying to get them, if it's true that he is trying to get them studied. But you imagine if you were one doctor who did find these things, you would receive a tremendous amount of skepticism and assholes like me. Mm. Like making fun of 'em. West Hollywood, the man on you doing Yeah. Interesting stuff, man. So when you look at that as a doctor, does that look like horseshit to you or does it look real? No, It looks real. I mean, the x-rays that you were showing, you know the fact that they came from Nasca with all those lines, and I know about all and Machu Picchu and Machu Picchu, Which is a really amazing place that they, this day thousand don't really understand how they built it.


Correct. Allison went there. Oh, to Machu Picchu. Yeah. So she was chewing on, she was Chewing on Coco leaves. Coco leaves, yeah. In a candy and so forth. But I gave her have Coco Diox up there. I gave her diamox so that she can acc oxygenate oxygen. Oxygenate diamox is the tablet you take to boost your Cortes syrups. Mushroom's good for that too. There's a lot of things good for, yeah. This is a pharmaceutical pill. But you know, in my mind, knowing that it's nasca lines and the association of possible aliens and then finding these, you know, these corpses coming from Nasca, you know, you put one in one together and it, it makes sense.


That sort of, Sort of, yeah. It also makes sense. If you were gonna hoax things, that's where you would hoax 'em. Correct. I got it. And that's skepticism that you have for it. Well, I'm just being rational. I'm not being skeptical. I'm honestly not skeptical. I'm kind of open-minded about This stuff. So you don't believe that it's Real? I don't know if it's real. Oh yeah. I like to think it's real. But that's the problems that a really want. So You do you say it's not real, but it looks, looks real? I don't say nothing. Okay. I just talk shit. Yeah. That's what got you here. That's What we're doing. We're just talking shit. I don't know. I'm not an expert in biology. I don't understand, I mean, the skeleton looks real to me, but what do I know? If I was gonna make a fake skeleton, could I do that with a bunch of like discarded bones? Maybe could What? What I'm skeptical about is the way the joints they Extend on The fingers.


Well, not just the fingers. Yeah. But they look like ours. Right. Like the same way. If you go back to that skeleton again, please. Correct. If you look at it in the x-ray, what you see is the bones they're formed that are, they're very similar to the way ours are formed. Correct. Where At the end of it, not none. The one of the actual skeleton. Jamie. Yeah. So like how the bones are at the top and in the, where the joint is, that looks like how our bones are like this. The hinge in the joint of the elbow looks exactly like how a humans is, except it's one bone instead of two, which is, let's be honest, probably a better design. Yeah. You know, the two bones. That little one. I broke radi one before you ever broke the little One. The little nar. Yeah. I broke the fibula too.


Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. The small One. Yeah, the small one on the leg In check. Jujitsu. Kick jitsu. No kickboxing. Kickboxing. Not even checking a kick. I just, we were kicking at the same time. And a, let's put it, this hit my shin. It Looks suggestive. Okay. Of it being something that might be real. It definitely looks suggestive of something that might be real and very unique. Right. Very different than our anatomy. And it's our prejudice that says that, oh, we're the only people here. Well, I don't think that, What do you think? I don't know. Yeah. I don't, I think because I think the possibility that something could be so advanced that all of our ideas of how it got here and how long it's been here are just silly. I think we might be just like these people in the Amazon that my friend Paul Rosalie is running into, he, they don't know that he goes on The Joe Rogan Experience.


Right. And reaches 15 million people. They don't have any idea. They have no idea. So what they, what do they see? They see some guy with clothes on, like, what is this asshole doing? And you know, he's out there in the Amazon And you know, and then he takes a picture and this is, they, they're, their experience with him is probably kind of similar to our experience, but except like much more exaggerated with aliens. Like, if you came into contact with something that's a million years more advanced than us, like, what would that contact be like? Would why? I mean, are we so limited in our understanding of how you move through the universe? That we assume that everything has to use rockets and everything has to burn fuel and shoot things into defy gravity by, you know, by pushing against it.


And maybe not. Maybe there's much more advanced propulsion systems that exist. Check this out. These are the hands. Yeah. They're Dissecting It. They're dissecting it. Whoa. Fuck Is that? What the fuck, man? Whoa. Yeah. The dissection. They'll know look Like that looks like weird bones in a hand. That's creepy. Be That's so cre. Look at their skin. I mean, obviously mummified, but how fucking weird. How weird. Look at the bones underneath it. That's crazy. That is so crazy. And you're gonna tell me someone put this together as a joke. Well, I don't know.


I mean, I'm looking at this, I don't know. I don't know who's a part of this, but when he peels that back and you see those bones again, that is fucking nuts. Yeah. That's so wild. But also, why are those bones so clear for a mummified thing? Those bones look in my mind, they don't look mummified. They look like more recent, but what do I know? It almost looks wet. Go back to that image. Yeah, It was wet. The other thing was shiny too. Right? So is that because they put something on it? Or is that what happens when you cut that thing open? I'm trying to find longer video and see, oh, You know, figure out how they did it, them putting like distilled water on it during the process of dissect to clean it off.


Dissecting it. Yeah. To dissect it. Maybe they're trying to clean off the bones and they did something to it to brush it and put water on it there, you know, whatever that is. Old. How old did they say that that was? That's a good question. Did they carbonate it? Or All The Carbon? See, that would be the thing to do is the carbonated to find out whether or not, if it's that old, then it should be petrified and therefore it shouldn't look like that. Right. Right. Like if it's a million years old, if It's a Million years old. But if it's only 500 years old, Then it's a totally different story. It's so the way that the bones should look. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's weird as shit. Yeah. But the thing is like, there's so many people that essentially make a living off of lying. They, they make a living off of bullshitting.


Yeah. You know? Yeah. There's a lot of that going on. Yeah. So religiously, I mean, look at from a religious standpoint, what's the impact of acknowledging that there are other species in extraterrestrials? What's the impact on religion here in the United States or here in the World? Depends on which religion you're talking about. Right. It doesn't matter. I think the Vatican has been pretty open to the idea that we're not alone and that God could possibly have created other life forms. So see if that's true. I'm pretty sure that's true. I think the Vatican gave a statement within the last decade or so about this. Yeah. But they probably know some shit, right? Yeah. They, they probably have it, you know, know how Gonna ancient, Ancient, you've seen some of the Russian stuff.


Stuff. Yeah. You've seen Russian, some of the Russian studies that, I mean, where they had aliens who crashed in a, in a flying saucer and they abused the, as the aliens Vatican astronomer says, if aliens exist, they may not need redemption. Oh, that's cool. Jesus gave 'em a Falcon Hall pass. That's it. Lest it be those who come from other planets, They may be a different life form that does not need Christ's redemption. The Vica Vatican chief astronomer said that makes sense. Yeah. I mean, if they come from somewhere else, difficult to exclude the possibility that other intelligent life exists in the university. Noted that one field of astronomy is now actively seeking biomarkers and spectrum analysis of other stars and planets. That's true. They definitely have done that.


These potential forms of life could include those that have no need of oxygen or hydro or, or hydrogen. He said, just as God created multiple forms of life on Earth, he said there may be diverse forms throughout the universe. That makes sense. That's an open mind to religious person. Yeah. It's not in contrast with faith, because we cannot place limits on the creative freedom of God. That makes sense. Yeah. I mean, if you're gonna be logical and be a believer in God, that's the way to do it. Right. To say, look, if God exists, we just might be too limited in our understanding of the world. To think that we, we think that God just made us, and this is it. But it might be God has made life all throughout the universe.


Yeah. Yeah. If you believe in God, you have to accept the fact that he's on other planets. We're not the exclusivity. Maybe God is the universe, You know? Well, that's what they've been saying. God is the universe. The universe is God. Yeah. Which makes sense. 'cause the universe is a creative force. It makes things constantly. It's constantly making stars. There's stellar nurseries and planets. And So what's your take on Bigfoot these days? I think Bigfoot is mostly nonsense. That is sort of a historical memory. I think for sure. We know that Gito Pitus was a real animal that co coexisted with human beings. Okay. And we know that it, what was the, what's the date of Ano Ogus?


It's somewhere, it's more than hundreds of thousands of years. Right. But it just makes sense that if human beings have been around for that long and that thing's been around for that long, and then Gigantic, 200,000 years ago, 2 million to approximately 300,000, 200,000 years ago. So as recently as possibly 200,000 years ago. But that's essentially based on what they found now, they're constantly finding new things. Right. So like, they didn't even know Dennis O's were a thing, which are, which a new type of a human. Is that the gigantic Ones or small? No, they're not, not gigantic. They're just a different, like there was Neanderthal homos. Dennis O was another gr branch of the, the human tree.


And they didn't discover them. I wanna say 2010 when they discovered Dennis os That Recent, I think they discovered them in Russia and they found them in China. And so they, they know that there's that. And then there was another species that they found recently that's even more recent, that's large headed people that were, they had larger heads than us that existed with us. They had like big fucking eyebrows and big heads. And What about the, they're what, 17 feet tall? 16 feet tall? What's that? The gigantic humans that they're, you know, I don't know. What's that? Here's the problem, here's the problem.


You don't know what is real. When was Dennis Sullivan's? I When they discover that? Well, I think they were, they lived did they think 75,000 years ago. But Right. Discover how tall did differentiate. They were like Neanderthal side. Okay. When did they discover Dennis OV fossils? That's what I'm trying to figure out. They had a, it's one piece they found. Right. But it was pretty recent. 2014. 2014. Yeah. You're right. There's a lot of shit that's coming on the internet. The last thing that I was reading, not last, but one of the things that I read was they found a bones of people that were like giant People. Giant people. Yeah. Yeah. I've heard people, I've heard that before. I've never seen any ev I, I wouldn't dismiss it. Hmm. You know, there's giants in the Bible.


There's giants in historical record where go they talk about goth. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's completely possible that if you have pygmies and you have, you know, you know about the Hobbit people? Yeah. On the island of Flores? No. You didn't know about that. No. But they're Hobbit. Yeah. I think they called them Homo Fluorisis. And what these are is these little tiny ape-like humanoids that lived alongside people. I think they've dated them to a hundred thousand years ago. Might be earlier at one point in time. I think they thought it was 10,000 years ago, but I think they pushed it back. But these were like another branch of the human tree.


And they were really tiny. And they used tools and they hunted and they think that, you know, that they were probably wiped out at least partially. Yeah. Homo, nice tits Fluor Fluoresce. And that's what they looked like. And they lived alongside us. So they think that might be a case of island dwarfism as well. You know, like there's a thing that happens to mammals when they're on islands where they get smaller and on, and weirdly enough, reptiles get larger. That's why you have Komodo Dragons Love them. Pretty cool. Right? So there's Homo Sapien and there's Homo Fluor Monster lizards ho Yeah.


There's like a bunch of different types of, of humans that, that existed. And we we're the most clever and the most vicious. We, we win ha ha Bar of the fittest. Yeah. And the smartest, we're the smartest. We're the ones that are the most clever. The calvarium, the size of the skull as it got bigger. But the thing is, is these ones that they found recently, see if you can find that article, the large headed people that they found recently, another totally new branch. They're large headed, larger than ours. Same height as same Heights, same height as ours. But larger heads probably much stronger. Like, you know, Neanderthals far stronger than us. Yeah. Dubbed large headed people. Enigmatic group once lived alongside Homo sapiens in Eastern Asia, according to Science Alert, fossilized remains unearthed from sediment layers dated about 200 over 200,000 years ago.


Revealed individuals with disproportionately large cranial volumes. So see, click on that. Look where they have images. September 20, 24. Just last Month. Yeah. Real recent. Yeah. Real recent. They found this, or they, they've come out with this. I think they had images of what they look like, what they think they look like. Like someone did like a, a detailed Oh, large head appeal. You get regular folks. His irregular folks are unfortunately the big heads I got Hit. Yeah. Homo Julius. Yeah. Oh yeah. So this is another branch. Look at the size of that fucker. Yeah. Jacked New humans.


Yeah. Wild, big heads. Larger heads and bigger brains. There You go. Bigger brains than us lived 200,000 years ago. It's funny because we have 'em like with like a stupid stone tool. Jesus. Like, maybe they were smart and maybe we just fucking wiped them out. Look at the size of their heads though. Jesus Christ crazy. Look at that one. There he is. Got a six pack. Yeah. Guy standing up. Look at the one down where he is walking. Like Bigfoot. Click on that. Yeah. Look at the, the guy's Jacked. He's huge. Imagine running To that ep. He has fucking head. Look at that. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine running to that dude. No, back in the day he's dead. Yeah, That's probably Why. Look at him. Yeah. Yo, this is ai. Photos are helping Getting us shit.


AI is awesome. Yeah. AI is awesome. Make that bigger. Look how fucking cool they looked. Espanol, bro. Could You imagine? Yeah. Walking through the jungle and running into these dudes, like a bunch of them. Yo, what do you want? Yeah. Look at imagine. Yeah. There is so much more to be found, You know? Well, just in our own history, right? The history of Earth. Yeah. The, the different forms of life that don't exist anymore. And it, You know, there's so much variety that it really does make you wonder, like, what are we seeing when we're seeing these alien bones? That they're X-ray? What are we seeing when, you know, people report that they're experiencing contact with these entities.


Are they from another dimension? Are they from another planet? Is everybody crazy? Is everybody just making things up? Yeah. I don't know. How do you account for All the people that have said that I've been taken? Yeah, it's very compelling. I've been taken. It's very compelling. But here's the question. Were they physically taken? Here's the question. The realm of dreams is a gigantic mystery. And the realm of dreams is hyper realistic sometimes. I had a hyper realistic dream last night. I wish I could remember what it was, but it's one of those things. It was crazy. But I, I got up in the middle of the night, I woke me up and then I got up to pee and I was like, what the fuck is wrong with me? And then I went back to sleep. But while I was experiencing that dream, I remember being aware that it was a dream eventually.


But while it was all going down, I was like, this is a crazy dream. Like thinking like, this is so vivid and so realistic. So if you live in a dream for the rest of your life, you are still alive and you are still experiencing things. You're just experiencing things in a, a nonphysical way. The way we interact with reality today. So you and I are interacting with reality with a couple glasses of whiskey, a cigar. We have a wooden table. We're talking into microphones. But the reality that you interact with in dreams is it's, it's not tangible. It's existing. You're experiencing it, but it's in some other realm.


It's some realm of the mind and some realm of consciousness. And maybe what you're doing is accessing a dimension of possibilities that is entirely created by consciousness. And maybe there's multiple layers to that. And things can come from other places to us that way. It's always been interesting to me that these people that have these abduction experiences, it seems like the vast majority. And I've read Abducted, which is John Mac's book. And you know, I I I, I'm aware of the Betty and Barney Hill story, and this is Travis Walton, the guy who got abducted Arizona. That's the Black and white couple?


No, no, the Betty and Barney Hill. Benny Barney Hill, Yeah. Actually, Angela Hill, who's the granddaughter of them is a UFC fighter. Oh really? Yeah. She didn't, she was on the podcast and didn't tell me that until after the podcast was over. I'm like, damn. Yeah, that was your grandfather. Great conversation. Yeah. That's so crazy. Her grandfather was Barney Hill. But, so these people all have very compelling stories. Now, the difference between Travis Walton's story and the other stories is people saw Travis Walton go up to that UFO. Travis Walton disappeared for five days. Travis Walton came back from being in the woods for five days with this crazy story. And the other people, most of them, it happens at night.


Right? And so when you are dreaming, like who knows what the fuck is really happening? And if you're lying in bed and you get abducted by aliens and they return you to your bed, like, what really happened? Is there a video of you disappearing? Or if we had like a, a video in that room, would you have this same experience? But your physical body never goes anywhere. It's like, what are you really experiencing? Yeah. That's the question. And I'm not doubting that these people have something happen to them, but we do know that when people are dreaming, there's an endogenous release of psychedelic chemicals. There's this crazy experience of dreams and of vivid dreams and lucid dreams or, so what is that?


And if that is something that can be trans traversed, is that, is that something that someone can enter into? Is it possible that other intelligence that's different than ours, that's more advanced than ours, that lives in a different dimension than ours has access to the mind in these, in these exchanges? Yeah. In the subconscious space. Yeah. And maybe even physically. I'm not even, I'm not even dismissing physical contact, but I'm just saying that many of these cases where people claim to have been abducted happen at night. I don't think that is a coincidence. I think the, the, the realm of consciousness is, I think we're very arrogant in our belief that we understand what's going on.


We don't was how we interface with reality. No, we don't. We, we know we have things subconscious that we count on because they're like, every time I come here, I'm pretty sure the same garbage is gonna be on this table. It's gonna be the same. But I don't think we're really sure with how consciousness interacts with the world and how much of it is real. I agree. In the subconscious space, you know, the question is, is that when the extraterrestrials invades our space, our could be psychiatric space and therefore in, in gives to us, in our brain the perception of everything that we perceive. Meaning the alien, the Maybe even Bigfoot extra, Whatever, that's bigfoot everything.


But maybe that's what Bigfoot is, right? Yeah. But it, you think so Maybe, I mean, maybe that's Our perception. Unconscious. Maybe something you're experiencing that's from somewhere else, or it's, maybe it's your consciousness interacting with reality in a completely alien environment that is guaranteed to give you a heightened sense of anxiety. The woods at night. Right? A lot of these people are experiencing these things in the woods at night. Maybe there's a, a level of consciousness you reach under those circumstances where you interact with things that you ordinarily cannot interact with. And maybe that's why there's a lack of physical evidence in our dimension. Like the physical evidence in our dimension is very limited.


One thing that's compelling, and maybe the only thing that's compelling is dermal ridges that they find on these footprints. So they find these footprints in muck, like where they, where they step in mud and muck and stuff. And they leave behind not just f footprints, but footprints with dermal ridges like fingerprints, which is very difficult to fake, especially in like the 1970s and the 1980s or some of these things were acquired. So it's like, I don't know what we're dealing with, but there's enough people that talk about that experience and it makes you pause. I don't believe, but I don't disbelieve. And as far as Bigfoot being an actual large ape that lives undisturbed in the Pacific Northwest, I'm very skeptical because there's too many hunters now and too many people with cameras and too many camera traps.


There's too many cell phone cameras. You know, where they, they trail cameras, snap things that are going by. Right. Wildlife biologists use 'em. Right. We know of like a couple jaguars that exist in the United States. And the reason why we know about 'em is 'cause of trail cameras. Trail cameras. So the fact that there's zero trail camera footage, that's alien. Yeah. It doesn't, the Bigfoot thing is like maybe, but maybe you're inter, maybe you're interacting with something that's not physical. It might be something that's interdimensional or something that you, you might be looking at the past. You might be interacting with whatever experience this thing has had many, many, many, many years ago.


It's like left echoes. It might be echoes in space and echoes in time. And that under certain states you can briefly access these echoes briefly access the, the, these things that, that may have existed or might exist in other dimensions. I'm not ruling it out. Yeah. I wouldn't bet the house on it. Wow. I wouldn't bet the house on it. Yeah. But That Sounds like I do think there's a lot of bullshit artists too, though. Yeah. I've talked to a lot of Bigfoot people that are bullshit artists. Yeah. The the balance that obviously you're talking about is the fact that there are so many people who are trying to present the factual evidence that it exists that causes you to doubt it.


So, you know, I believe that there's a possibility of All the things that we talked about from Bigfoot to aliens and so forth, but there's a tempered perception of it as being reality that it might be there, but we would rather deny it as opposed to accept it. Because what happens if you accept it as a hundred percent truth? What is the mindset on It? Well, you can't accept it as a hundred percent truth unless you know you have a hundred percent evidence. Yeah. You want Have, we don't, you want to have physical evidence, but we don't have it. So until you know, you Believes In him. Pardon? You know who really believes in Bigfoot? No. Jane Goodall. Oh, okay. Which is wild.


A gorilla lady. Yeah. Yeah. Did she ever heard her talk about It? No. Why did she believe in it? She believes from All the eyewitness sightings and the possibility, And you know, her time living with primates. Right. See if you can find Jane Goodall talking about it. 'cause when she talks about it, she talks about with great enthusiasm. It's really interesting. Okay. Enthusiasm with facts. Facts to back it up Or? Well, just the large number of people who have stated that they've seen it or experienced it or, I don't know. One thing though is like when she was saying this was quite a while ago, like more than a decade or two ago. And I think that, you know, over time when there's still no evidence, people get more and more skeptical.


I've talked to a bunch of people that have had bigfoot experiences. I don't necessarily believe any of them. I don't disbelieve them, but I'm just like, there's not one story. I've talked to UFO abduction people and I believe them. I believe them. You believe them? Yeah. I believe Travis Walton, I talked to that guy. He does not seem like a bullshit artist. And he hasn't changed his story in like fucking 30 years. That's Bigfoot you. That's good dog. Everybody Talks to me about, I, I would, I'm romantic. I would like Bigfoot to exist. I've met people who swear they've seen Bigfoot. And I think the interesting thing is, every single continent there is an equivalent of Bigfoot or Sasquatch. There's the Yeti, there's the Yari in Australia, there's the Chinese wild man.


And, and on and on and on. And you know, I've had stories from people who you have to believe them. So there's something, I don't know what it is. I've always opened minded. What about other? Yeah, Supposedly mythological. I, I guess I should say like the lochness monster. Lochness monster obviously doesn't exist. Alien being, Alien being was, I don't, I think that it, it doesn't make sense to think we're the only intelligent form of life this wall that was built between us, where we're just the only really intelligent capable of this, that, and the other difference in kind between us and the other animals.


That wall is broken down and the chimps help to break it down. Do you The chimps help to break it down? Well, her experience with chimps, You know, she's been embedded with chimps. Yeah. I Take it. Yeah. I don't, I I definitely don't not believe, like I said, I don't disbelieve. It's not like I say, aliens aren't real. UFOs aren't real. It's all lies. All the people are lying. I don't think that at all. I think the, the, I think reality is weird. I think it's weirder than our senses are capable of detecting. That's what I think. Absolutely. I tend to be more on the side that they exist until you prove that they don't exist. You know what's really weird is underwater aliens underwater extraterrestrials or underwater.


Oh, the cities. UAPs. Yeah. I don't know about cities or cities under there. Yeah. Cities where they have their spaceships at the trenches. In the trenches. Yeah. I've never seen any data. No. Yeah. But I have seen Video. That's the point. There's Video. You need to see it of things moving underwater at very high rates of speed. In fact, some of the whistleblowers, and again, how much of that's real? But some of the whistle whistleblowers from the government have claimed that they have detected things underwater that are enormous, like the size of a football field. And they're moving 500 knots underwater with which no visible means of propulsion. Correct. And they're, they think that this is where they hide in plain sight.


They just exist in the water. So those videos that have come out recently of the Navy aid aviators who have chased UFOs that have gone into the water and they've seen these large reflections under the water of huge, I haven't heard any of spaceships and so forth. Pardon? I haven't I haven't heard any of, like, I've, I've heard there was the commander, David Fravor, the Tic-tac event where there was this thing that was like 20 tac wide. It looked like a tic-tac. And they think there was something under it in the water. There was a disturbance that looked like, you know, like, like an underwater submarine that's emerging or reaching the top of the surface. And then when they were flying near it, it went down.


And then there's been other people, other pilots that have actually seen large physical crafts in the water. But again, I've never seen any photos that's, that are compelling about That. So the chasing of the UAP That's fascinating. The Yeah. Yeah. Is that real or is that the, well, that Wasn't chased. The, the, the, what they call those, you know, the, what do they call 'em? Extra medium and intermed. Transmedium. They call 'em transmedium crafts, which means they can fly in the air and they can fly through the water. Right. They, they have seen things dunk into the water. They have video of one, but it's very grainy. It's very grainy night vision, thermal vision of this thing dunking into the water.


And then they don't know what happened. Then it came outta the water. It was, it was flying around again. They don't know what the fuck that is. Yeah. They, they're just guessing And looking at the physics of it. The fact that it was able to do a 90 degree change in motion. Oh yeah. And then down into the water and then coming up. How do you the count for that? You Don't Yeah. The really crazy one is the tic-tac. Because the tic-tac, they have a bunch of different types of data. They have, first of All, the pilots who saw it, they have the video of, from the pilot's cabins. They have this radar footage that tracked this thing going from above 50,000 miles to 50 feet in like one second. Right. They don't know how the fuck anything can do that.


Yeah. It's, and then it takes off when they video it, this thing taking off from their, their visual, from their recording their screens. It takes off at such an insane rate of speed. They said anything biological would just be turned to jelly instantly Killed because of the, because of the, the G-Force momentum. Insane. It's just insane rates of speed and no, no visible means of propulsion. It does it from a completely stationary perspective and then boom, gone. Just takes off. Yeah. Yeah. They've talked about dimensional. The fact that those unidentified flying objects, they go into a different dementia dimension as well. You know, maybe, Maybe a different Dementia too. Dementia. Yeah. Dementia. They're in a state of dementia.


Yeah. This is the one That goes in the water. This is, yeah. So look how grainy this is. It's like, what am I looking at? So the fact that it's grainy means what? Well they're just looking at it from a, a long distance. Long distance with aircraft. Yeah. You know, optics. So where this, these are weapon optics, right? Yeah. So graininess means it's less out. Yeah. Well it's dark out and this is how they're seeing this thing. And then it just goes into the water. And then if you hear it, you hear the recording? Hear the recording Jamie. Yeah. Top Side. Listen to them. Freak out when it Yeah. They're splashed mark bearing range right into the water. Yeah. So the thing went into the water. Yes. And then also went outta the water that Tic-tac. Yeah. But the thing is, how many of these things are ours?


Not zero. How many of these things, like have you ever seen that underwater drone that the United States has developed? No, I haven't Seen that one. Cool. It looks like A UFO. It looks like a UFO that flies underwater. No, it goes underwater. It's not, I don't think it goes above the water. I think it only goes underwater. But it looks like a spaceship. Yeah. But with the rate of acceleration and the ability to change direction, you know, those are things that are in the reality in the real world. You know, the physics behind it, as you said, everyone, if it went in that rate of ascent or descent and movement, it would kill everybody inside. Right. Momentum.


Yeah. But then the question is like, what is it doing? Is it actually experiencing G-Force at all? Because if it's some sort of a gravity propulsion device, it might be experiencing no G-Force. Right. And it might be just pushing space out of the way as it moves forward. We don't understand. Yeah. That's like, Do we have that technology? It's a good question. Yeah. It's a good question. If We have that technology, then it explains it all. Yeah. But the question is, as long as we don't acknowledge the fact that we're at that level of technology, then you have to account for where's it coming from. Right. There's definitely a lot of questions. Yeah. I mean, I definitely don't claim to have any answers. Yeah. What is this one? But cool. You know the Manta ray thing? Oh yeah.


Look at this sucker is, look at this. This Is the one that goes, This is a drone that we developed. It's like a manta ray drone. Yeah. It's really Cool Looking mini. Well it's also mini. It's pretty big. Is it? But look at it, it looks like a fucking UFO that goes under the water and it flies through the water. And also like what, what are we looking for? Are we looking for foreign subs or are we looking for aliens? Both. I wonder. Yeah, I wonder, I wonder, wow. That's, imagine if they knew some stuff was under the ocean and they don't wanna tell anybody. 'cause they don't wanna freak people out. Duh. Yeah. Duh. Yeah. I've seen articles where it talks about cities, communities underneath the ocean and the San Andrea, not San Andrea's fault.


What is that fault line called? Not the fault the Outside of California? No, no, no. The deepest T Mariat Trench is the Mariana Trench. Yeah. Are there cities down there? What are where, what websites youre reading? I think I know what his algorithms, You know what I'm talking about. And I'm not losing psilocybin nor or IGA or ayahuasca. Just normal. So just normal. Yes. I haven't heard anything about cities in the Mariana Trench. Jamie, have you heard anything about cities? Yeah. Look it up. Up. But I know where I'm headed. You know? I know gonna be on the YouTube channel. I know that I haven't smoked anything or taken any pills. Okay. You've been drinking whiskey since That's nothing. Come on. You got Quite a bit of that whiskey, sir. Ah, Jesus.


It's nothing. That's A lot Glutathione. Yeah. I don't know if it totally helps. You sound a little hammered, you think? Yeah. Gimme another one in glutathione. Another One. You need another one? Okay. How many you got? Yeah, I got How many do you take While you drink? I took two. I took one early this morning and just took another one. 'cause I figured we'd finish the bottle. Jesus, you with the finishing the bottle, you're gonna die from that. No. This really help you level that. Nick. Nick who's sitting outside, he and I sit down and we'll drink a bottle. Yeah. You know, over a period of about four hours, you Might want to go to a AA meeting. You think been there. What is the Mariana Trench Cities all about? No, it's, it's not the Mariana, it's one of the trenches that are out there in the world.


Just Google Trench. Yeah. Under underwater UFO City ufo. Yeah. That's a Google one. You're Gonna go right to Reddit. Yeah. You Know what? We've been on this, on this discussion about Bears and Marietta Trench and UFOs. Yep. And abductions and so forth. Fun stuff. Yeah. It's, you know, it reminds me of 4 38 where we were talking about every fucking thing. I mean, you blew me outta the water with that. I'll tell you the truth. We were there for three and a half hours on the first one. And when I left the studio, because I thought it was in Woodland Hills. Right. I thought it was only supposed to be like 30 minutes or so. Oh yeah. Yeah. But I left and I sat in my car for an hour to recuperate for that first visit with you.


It was just way beyond that. Yeah. Yeah. If there really are things that are monitoring us and checking us out, it makes sense. Yeah. If they, if life exists and it's more advanced than us somewhere else, whether it's in another dimension or it's on another planet, it completely makes sense to me that they would visit us. Yeah. Why wouldn't we would see how fucked up we are. Oh yeah. In terms of nuclear weapons. How sure. Yeah, Sure. Yeah. And if we're on a path, a predictable path of evolution that almost all intelligent life goes on, there's probably gonna be pitfalls that they could help us navigate. You know? I would think so. I would hope so. Right. Like if Jane Goodall studying the chimps, like let's imagine they're still studying the chimps 500 years from now, a thousand years from now.


Okay. A hundred thousand years from now, let's imagine civilization still exists. Chimps still exists. We've protected it. We've done a smart thing. And they still, what if they start making tools? What if they start making weapons? What if they eventually start going to war with each other? What if one chimp figures out gunpowder? Look, if their brains keep growing like ours allegedly did. Sounds like us. Yeah. Right. So imagine, imagine if we, we were observing emerging intelligence in other primates other than us. How would we handle it? Yeah. Like how would we handle it if all of a sudden chimpanzees, not all of a sudden, but hundreds of thousands of years. Now Chi what, what would our future society do if in the future chimpanzees start developing weapons and buildings and planes and, and doing All the shit that we do when we are far more advanced than that, then Is that planet of the apes?


Well, it's not because like you would think that they would become a different thing. You know, they would become like we did. Right? Like we used to be Australia ous, we used to be all these different hominids. What if they eventually become like more hairless, they start wearing clothes. It would be fucking real interesting to see how human beings would handle that. You know, like what would we do a million years from now if hominids kept advancing down an evolutionary plane? Right. And they eventually got to a place where they were like ancient humans. How would we do? I mean, if we were like super advanced, like, oh, you guys can't go to war. Don't war. Yeah. We stopped war a while ago. We, you guys need brain chips.


Brain chips. Stop the war control. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Interesting. Interesting. Well, I mean it's, it is interesting because like what's different between us and any other people that have ever lived is that we've figured out a way to optimize your health in a very substantial way. In the past, someone who was my age, I'm 57, someone who was my age, your body's probably broken. You know, your body is probably like beaten down. Your hormones were dead. You know, you're probably like real tired All the time. You know, and I'm not, You know, and because of vitamins and hormones and All the different things that I do to keep my body healthy and exercise. And we are living in a different time. And because of that, you stay vital.


You have vitality lot much longer than anyone ever did before. So you can explore things and, and, and you have more curiosity and energy for thought more than anybody ever has before. Yeah. With the, wow. You all right? Yeah. You do CPR? Nope. Oh good. No guys out there knows with He does it. Yeah. Jamie really do it. Jamie practices every night with different dates. He does. Yeah. I can imagine. No. One of the greatest fallacies is that as we age, we don't need to do anything to reinvigorate our body. Right.


Supplements are very important. Hormones are Key. Exercise. Exercise is important because of, as I said about the brain derived neurotrophic factor. You can increase it to improve brain. This guy out of USC, Caleb, Finch, Finch, Caleb Finch who talked about, he believed that the reason for why we age and we die is because we lose our hormones in our brain. And therefore extremely important. Or is scotch. Yeah, there it is. That's what you need more of That? No, I need to clear the throat. Yeah. Yeah. Look at that. I got my voice back. Yeah. So in, as you said, you're 57 years of age.


I'm 72 years of age. And I think the reason why I'm at 72 with the level of clarity and functionality aside from my back, is the fact that I've always, 30 years I've been a hormone replacement. Nutraceuticals getting in good vitamins so forth because our body loses it over the course of time. And you need to keep replacing it. And the people who are listening to this have to might understand that you need to supplement, you need to be proactive on your quality of health. Otherwise you start losing it. And exercise not just for that, but also just to maintain your physical presence. Right. Your strength, your bone density. Yeah. You Know, at, at my age people say I still have my pecs, I still have my, you know, trims and fitness.


I dunno about general e energy because do You still do martial arts anymore? No, I stopped doing the martial arts. What I do in place of martial arts is I dig holes and yeah, we talked about that before. And put plants in garden, which is hard work. Not the other holes. Digging holes is hard work. Yeah. I remember one time you sent me a email said, so be careful because I was using a big pike to cut holes in the, in the ground. But I end up with lemons and I make lemon cello pomegranates, make pomegranates wine and so forth. I'm sensing a trend here. Yeah. And I, I just some quats, did you ever get the com? I said I did. Yeah. Thank you. Did you eat 'em? Yes I did. Thank You. Okay. Yeah. High in vitamin C.


A lot of Concocts are really good for you. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Like much more high in vitamin C apparently than Correct. Even oranges. Right. Oranges. Right. Every morning I have three of them. That's Great. Three of them. And it's great. Do you take liposomal vitamin C as well? I take liposomal. I take liposomal vitamin C. C. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I take that stuff too. Good. C That's such a great thing too. If you're sick is high dose intravenous Vitamin C. It's a A big one. Iv. Yeah. IVs. Let's see. Yeah, I had a skeptical friend of mine who dismisses all kinds of quackery. He was real sick with the flu. He couldn't get over it for weeks. Yeah. And I, I told him, listen man, I'm gonna hook you up.


Do this, get IV zinc and vitamin C and high dose vitamin C and B12. And he was better immediately. He said 24 hours later he goes, couldn't kick this fucking flu. He said, I had it for two weeks. Yeah. In 23 years I've been sick. 16 days. That's amazing. That's, that's it. I never got, well let me be honest. I got Covid for 12 hours. Tested 12 hours. 12 hours. Tested twice positive for Covid. That was a Wednesday. Let's see, it was a Wednesday. I think we were having yum Kippur. No, we were having Pesach, pe, Passover. And I got sick that night and 24 hours later, no symptoms.


That's amazing. Nothing. Quercetin, zinc. Little ivermectin. You know. That's crazy. You shouldn't talk about that publicly. No, I Should not. The ivermectin. Yeah, Ivermectin. Horrible shit. Yeah, you can talk about it now. Oh good. Now you know fucking people are taking it. Yeah. I think I sent you the Ivermectin paper with Ivermectin Femazole. Yeah. I have a 76-year-old veteran who was diagnosed with a Gleason seven. You know, Gleason is a grade of cancer, the prostate. And it was a Gleason seven. He went on 12 milligrams of Ivermectin every day for eight weeks. And at 12 weeks he got a PET scan done, a special pet scan done looking at abnormalities in the prostate.


They couldn't find anything. That's amazing. And his PSA prosthetic specific engine when he came, when his initial one with the cancer was 12.6, he's now at 5.3. Is that your Phone? I don't know. What does this cell phone sound like? Sounds like that It does. What do you think about All the people that are very Yeah, you had a Samsung phone. It's definitely yours. Significant. Is That a Google phone or a Samsung phone? Google. Google. You Like that? Yeah. Let me shut that. Yeah, I'd like it. They keep on trying to get me out of the, the first grade, first generation into the seventh until it dies. Oh yeah. I use it. Yeah. Ride or die, huh? Yeah. I don't like the software they put in there. Track. Google Just gave me the new pixel.


Nine Nine Excel pro. It looks sick. And then they gave me the pixel fold. It was like a gift when I went to the inauguration thing. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty sick. Oh, You were there at The Yeah. I wouldn't op the fold. Seems crazy. I'm addicted enough to watch YouTube videos on a regular phone. Right. I don't need a fucking tablet that I take. Have you seen what Huawei's made? Oh, Huawei. They're banned in America. 'cause they're too awesome. And also they spy on you. But Huawei has developed a threefold and apparently Samsung's gonna come out with one next year. They have a twofold. And it's a threefold though. It literally comes out to like a 10 inch tablet. It's, and it's very thin. Wow. Look at this. Well yeah, I saw, Look at that. I saw That's a threefold think it's Twofold.


Yeah. That's the threeway threefold. Yeah. And super thin amazing cameras. They they were so advanced. I was trying to get a Porsche design Huawei phone. They, they were working with, you know, Porsche design makes a bunch of things. They make like watches and sunglasses. They don't just make cars. Like Porsche designs like a separate entity of Porsche. And Porsche designed work with Huawei to make like the ultimate cell phone. And I was ready to buy it 'cause I'm a dork, you know, I'm really into technology techno. Yeah. And I was like, oh that thing's crazy. Lemme get it. And then I think I had a hundred megapixel phone camera on the phone. And this was a while ago. And a 500 milligram, 5,000 milliamp battery, which was also crazy.


But then they banned Huawei products in America. So you can't get that tri-fold Backdoor right. To the ccp. Yeah, allegedly. But it didn't, isn't TikTok too, like isn't all these things there, there's a lot of back doors. There's a lot of data getting scooped up. Yeah. My cybersecurity people keep on telling me, don't use Zoom because it back doors into the ccp. Oh boy. Yeah. That's great. So I haven't used it. So I use, can't use Microsoft. What the fuck can you use? Yeah. I don't trust anybody anymore. No, I'm scared. I I'm there with you. Yeah. Scared of all of it. Yeah. But I think it's all inevitable. And I think, I think if you look at the, the what's going on, like in terms of like what's, what's the direction that technological progress moves us into?


Well it's a direction seems of more and more connectivity, which means less and less privacy. So we're gonna have to work that out because when quantum computers can crack all encoding, it's like any encryption that exists, quantum computing is gonna crack all that. So you're not gonna have real encryption anymore. So like what happens with Bitcoin and digital currency? What happens with all that stuff? What happens with your bank account? Like, I don't know. Yeah, we're in weird times. Yeah. Weird times. One of thing that scared me was in the wifi. They now could go back and using ai, use the transmitted wave form to see who's in a room. Yeah, Yeah. You saw That?


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Accurate. 3D representations, three of the people moving around. Yeah. So I turned off all my wifi extenders. That's also crazy. Moffit. Yeah. It's just like we're, we're living in an ultra surveilled world. And I think the good news is that the new government is yes. Emphasizing privacy and freedom of speech. And the other government was emphasizing cracking down on what they called misinformation and disinformation and more control of what you say and do and where you go. And the way to get more control is more invasive technology. And that's what scares the shit outta me. Yeah. Is is people. It's not necessarily the technology, it's people taking advantage of the technology in order to have more control of the population, which makes their job easier.


Yeah. That's the reason why I only use my cell phone when I travel. Otherwise I don't use it. People call me and say, where are you? I said, how do you use my cell phone? Good for you. Yeah. It's off All the time. My Friend Adam Curry, he has, he's super paranoid, maybe, maybe not, maybe not paranoid, maybe super aware of like digital surveillance and all that stuff. Right? So he has a Degod phone. He has a phone that doesn't have Google on it. And it's, what are those, what's that operating system that they use for that stuff? Do you remember Jamie? Yeah. Doesn't your friend Musk have a phone that's coming up? No. No he doesn't. I just asked him the other day. He said no. We were talking the other day at the inauguration.


I was saying, dude, every other day I get an article about a Tesla phone. Right. He was laughing. He goes, I hope we don't have to make a phone. That's what he said. I hope we don't have to make a phone. Cause it wasn very difficult to pick a phone. But Whoever's Promoting it, graphene, that's it. Graphene os So graphene is Degod phone. So they take these pixels and they dego 'em and they put this Graphene os, which is a completely different operat operating system. Operat system. Yeah. And then you have another phone called the, the Unplugged phone. That Pixel Seven. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. And so they, they use these things and they work just like a regular phone. Yeah. And you can get 'em where they don't have 5G. 'cause some people think five G's bad for You. Yeah.


No, I still work off a three and four and I don't update the software because updating the software gives them more access to you. Dun dun. I gotta go again. Well, let's just wrap it up. We were at four o'clock. Okay. My Mark Gordon, I love you to death. You're an awesome guy. I appreciate you very much. Thank you. It's always good to see you. Thank you for all your research and All the work you do and spreading information and knowledge. Yeah. I really appreciate it. I, I appreciate the fact that you've supported me over all these years and the work that we do with our veterans and they've been receiving the benefits of the work that we've done. And, you know, stopping the suicide is the goal for the Millennial health centers. That's, that's It.


Yeah. And tell everybody the website so they could find it. The educational one is www tb Now. I don't think You have to say Www. I don't have need to say no. No. Know that. How about W Cube Type in the, the BI help now. TBI help Now. Help now. Dot org. Dot org. Org. And then is Warrior Angel Foundation still Warrior Angels Foundation's there, but they've melded into Yeah. This is Improved brain health by fixing the root causes. Yeah. This is biohack yourself, and I'll give a minute on it. A family called Lolly Groove. And if you were in Washington for the, for the inauguration, the Biohack Group, which is the Lolly Group, which is Anthony and Theresa Lolly.


They're the ones who put together Biohack yourself, which has been picked up by Robert. If Kennedy Jr. Has been their rep for media because they're, he trusts them because all they want to do is get the science out there. That's real. Not the bullshit that's been thrown at us. So they've been pulled in and there were 32 of us quote experts is what they call us, who participated in this program. So what they're doing is really cool because it's presenting the, the science behind what you've already experienced with us And what I continue to promote for brain health, for wellbeing and longevity, anti-aging.


Beautiful. Okay. Alright. Alright. Thank you. Thanks sir. Appreciate you Always appreciate it. Thank you. Very, Thank you.