
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Okay, this Meet The Cosby Kids. Oh my God, look at this. The thing says Meet the Cosby kids. Who wrote this sketch? I don't know. But what's funny is that back then that was ridiculous. Yes. Hey, I mean, Phil Hartman's gone, but All the rest of you, thanks for speaking up. Hey, this reminds me of a sketch that we did, right?


I, how come I just heard of this Now How come I just heard of this now. Boy, SNL was funny. Oh, SNL was great when Phil Hartman was on it. The early days of SNL were amazing. Yeah. Was Al Franken working there when they did that? I don't know, because I would think Senator Franken would've said something. Oh, he's Not a senator anymore. He got caught hugging a girl. Yeah. I would think after you got screwed over like that, you wouldn't still do Blue Maga. But I guess you would. Ah, He's just locked, locked in, you know, Hey man, That guy's great too. How Franken's a great guy? Yo, he had a funny What time is on code in this? Made me laugh so hard. He was, he was saying how the internet, how great it is for kids. You know, my, my son or my kid just did a, a, a third grade report on bestiality and the other kids just loved it.


Like, you know, How crazy is it that though, that, that that was a preposterous sketch? Well, you know, John Money, I'm sure whoever wrote that knew about John Money. Right. The guy that came up with that. I seen it on six. I bet they didn't. I bet They just did. Doesn't bunch our lampoon Harvard people. Right, right. So, You know, they go, oh, Simpsons they predictive future. No, the you're near the people that pull the levers of power in college. Like you're just gonna osmosis up their fucking plans. It ain't psychic. Yeah, but they don't like broadcast their plans to students, undergrad students. Yeah, They do. Why don't you think we got, what do you think a road scholar is? That's them broadcasting their plans.


That's what the great Bill Clinton, I I believe you had a meaningful eye contact with. What do you mean by broadcaster plans? No, the plans have never been secret. You know, like Yeah, But the plans were never in the nineties or the eighties. The plans were never turn boys into girls. Well, This was not in, not in your department, but I mean, you know how far back this should go, You know, you know, in Rome, the galleys of Kiley, You know what that is? No. When they were losing a Hannibal and they, the priestess of Kiley, it's like C-E-Y-B-E-L-E. It's looks like Sibley, but it's ly. Okay. And what, and the, and the myth behind it's insane.


Like, the myth story is this one God that was too horny that had both sets of organs. So they trick him. I love, I love, like they trick him with wine and he, they tie his dick to the ground and come on this. Somebody went to church on Sunday. Somebody went to a church and learned this tie His dick to the ground. Like how they do a bull like through the nose. Yeah. Then he, yes, yes, yes. Exactly. And then he jumped up and it ripped his dick off. Oh Jesus. I am, I'm done. And, and then so he be, he starts hanging out with his handsome nephew and, and his nephew is faking like he's a great hunter. 'cause his ridiculous uncle, he still a pussy, the uncle. But these gods sure sound like just LA people.


Why do All the gods just sound like LA people? This is that. So my favorite Kiley, yeah. The eunuch priest. So my favorite writing about it is like in an they, when they celebrate Kiley and then the, the, the legend or the myth has more of like, this wedding could sabotage by the jealous ripped off Dick guy. And, and the women cut off their own breasts and the men cut off their genitals. Oh. And, and there's a early Christian, I can't remember who's writing about it, but he goes, he goes, they, they cut off their genitals and go about shrieking in the street. They Cast themselves a sign of devotion to the goddess. Yeah. So I don't think nothing's new, you know, I think it's All the same shit. Repackaged in different ways.


So then, you know, They were saffron rose and clash symbols together as they walked down the streets. So they were basically having like a, one of those women's protests. Kailee was also known as magna mater or the Great Mother. So the doctor, if you heard Phil Hartman, he goes, mommy, he says, you know, like, yeah, this is like a theme that goes through history. Well, you know what Rome, what Nero did, right. What Nero did to one. Yeah. Took that boy, when his wife died, he found a slave that looked like his wife and chopped his dick off. Yes. And turned him into his wife. Remember when you had that guy, Thaddeus, whatever, the postmodern guy. I was just watching clip. Oh yeah. And, and I, I happened to just rewatch it and, and he basically told you like nothing's anything.


Yeah. Like, that's why I think All the simulation talk is, is all like, I look at everything as what's the marketing here to me? And a lot of it's like nothing means anything. So, You know, like it's, well, what's a big deal for you with kids you can do stuff with? Right. It always gets to that. Eventually. Well, most of those, Anything guys who say that don't have kids. Yeah, yeah. You absorb your dude. It is like middle-aged men. You know? By the way, I'm heavily invested in hot to coin. Lemme tell about these idiots sake. We, we should talk about that because I want to know what is, what, what is going on with the MAGA coin. Here's the thing that we were talking about last night. Yeah. The MAGA coin was worth $36 billion. Yeah.


Coin. So here Trump coin. Coin, it's not the MAGA coin. No. Trump coin. Trump, okay. Trump coin. So the Trump coin, I'm calling it the mag coin, sorry. The Trump coins were $36 billion. What that means is 36,000 people put a million dollars in. That doesn't even make sense. So that's 36,000 million. That's what, 36 billion is. I I believe you. Right. I'm not good at math. Isn't That right? That's right, That's right. I know Hawk two is going That Sounds insane. Yeah. That you could get 36,000 people willing, let's say it's way more people, way less money, they contribute.


It still seems insane. If you're using real money, You've never been to a casino or something. I but that, that's the point. We talked about this. Yeah. You and I talked about this. It's essentially gambling. It's degenerate gamblers is how the people that make the coins talk about the people. Right. But The argument is that Trump is ripping off his fans with this Trump coin. But my question is like, how, how is he ripping off his fans? It's basically like DraftKings like, like what Are you doing? So, so it's a casino, right? And the thing is, the reason people like, You know, hawk to a coin, people know it's stupid. Right? Right. But they, the kind of what people say the scam was, as I understand it, is they thought they were getting in on the dump phase too. Of course.


So the trick is it almost everybody getting in on it knows they're gonna have to dump it and they think they're gonna dump it first. Right? So they're not, the pump is for other idiots. I mean, it's built in that another idiots gonna shoulder the, the whatever happens for this. But what happens is, every so often, this is my buddy who was telling me who works in it, one of 'em does turn out to be real. So something like a Trump court, like I, now I'm more of a Warren Buffett where I wish I had Golden Trump shoes. 'cause I'll bet those will retain value. I think I a pair of those. Tony has a pair. I know you wore 'em to the club. I'm like, I wouldn't even wear 'em out. Why not? Those are gonna put my kids through Trump University. What about that Hawk Tua hat? Don't get that.


Sweaty fitness isn't just about what you do in the gym, it's also about your nutrition. But even with the best diet, some nutrients can be hard to get. And Ag one can help fill those gaps. AG one delivers optimal amounts of nutrients in forms that help your body perform. Ag one makes foundational nutrition easy because there aren't a million different pills and capsules you have to keep track of. It's just one scoop mixed in water. It's such an easy routine to keep in the mornings ingredients in Ag one are selected for absorption, nutrient density and potency, and are intentionally picked to work in sync with the whole formula for optimal impact. They're seriously committed to quality ag one is tested for hundreds of contaminants and impurities and they're constantly reformulating their recipe to dial it in. This is all part of why I've partnered with ag one for years. So get started with Ag one this holiday season and get a FREE bottle of Vitamin D three, K two, and five free Ag one travel packs with your first purchase@drinkagone.com slash Joe Rogan. That's a $76 value gift for free. If you go to drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan, seriously get on this.


It's, I feel That's gonna be worth bank someday. I feel like to promote HOK to a coin, it's worth it. You gotta spend money to make money. Joe ua, are you familiar with ua? I think it's a surfboard company. So here's the question. What's the problem with having a coin? Because there's a bunch of those coins and the thing is like it's unbefitting of a president. I get that argument. That makes sense. You know, he's, you shouldn't do that. You're, you, you should be really concentrated on running. The company shouldn't have some obvious like money grab. I Get that. What about being completely senile? Is that unbecoming? Yeah, that was should have been unbecoming. No Shut up basis, but unbecoming from now on The chart for Trump coin right now. But a lot of that comes from, it shows like the top 10 holders of the coin.


The number one would be the wallet who started it. And I guess that's his, okay. So that's, that's his. So he owns 80%. So here's the thing. If they don't sell, if the person who owns the coin, say if you made a Metzker coin and the Metzker coin Yeah, I did was worth $36 billion. Congratulations. Yeah, It is. I value that by The way, here's Now only up 5 billion. Oh, whoa. So I mean, when it goes Down, it dropped from 36 to five. Yes. That's not good. It was when they were saying it was at, well 30, whatever the highest was, the coin was worth 72 or $73 a coin. It's now down to 25, 26. Should You sell, how much do you have in it? Depends on How much do you have in it?


I I know you got, Don't disclose stuff like That. He gets in on that stuff. Well, Well if you can get in, have To catch the, the tweet early Friday night. I knew you didn't. Did we catch it? You ran that game Pharaoh. That Jamie's gonna just show up with like fucking velour pants on. Wasn't, that wasn't Ferrari. It wasn't That. Dude, please give valore pants Valore jump suit. I don't think, I don't One When a man comes in wearing velour, you're like, you just hit it big on Shitcoin. Didn't you Feeling good about myself, dude, I told you I think that's what Kamala was because they all knew she wouldn't win and they, they ran a great campaign. They keep saying that hypnotic phrase is well great in that they knew she wouldn't win. They all didn't like her and they all cashed in.


They go, they Did cash in. They didn't just cash in. Yeah. But a lot of those special interest groups cashed In because she's a human hawk to a pump and dump. Right? Yeah, because what was the final tally for the amount of money they spent? At first they were saying it was 1 billion, billion dollars, but it's more, I think now they've got it at 1.5 billion. Yeah, It's like the Tim and Eric billion dollar movie. And I'll bet Tim and Eric voted for her. They definitely voted for it. Smart. It's important when you're in Hollywood to vote, right? If you wanna get ahead in your career, you have to vote. Right? You have to vote correctly. Well, if you really wanna get ahead, you should do something dirty on tape with another scummy motherfucker that you can hold over each other. You know? That's how our government works.


That's What I heard. America's national bird should be gay blackmail. Okay. Do you know what the eye in the pyramid is? It's somebody peeping through a hole. There it is. And watching you How Kamala Harris burned through 1.5 billion in 15 weeks. So she's the hawk two of this. They're dumping it all on her. Even though it was probably how Howie Mandel's son-in-law that did it. She's pressed for more cash since the election, which is crazy. She's asking for cash Still. Yo, my girl gets, 'cause my girl gets Democrat fundraiser things do back when they, they overturned Roe v. Wade and, and then the next day asked for money. That's like the ultimate test of like how much of a cow you are. Right?


They said we need money because they just Roe V. Wade. No, they held Roe v. Wade, how long did they hold that over everybody's head that you're gonna lose Roe v. Wade if you don't. And and I remember Trump being like, I didn't tell him to do that and I don't think he did. I think that's one of those gun rights and doing that or the, the two. Like how do we emotionally hit somebody to make him do what we want? And since they do a shit job, the mafia that runs shit, they're running out of emotional buttons to push on you. Right. Plus they got you pumped full of drugs and make you not feel things. Right. So you gotta jerk off to my little pony eventually. Right? I'm sure there's no problem. Dude, remember Temple? You know what Temple Grandin is, right? No. The autistic lady that helped them.


Cattle ranchers, she's an engineer. It was real Ted talk circuit kind of person. Oh, I kind of vaguely remember now kill Me. 20 years ago my friend was there. He goes, yeah. And she realized 'cause she could kind of think like a cow because like they'd be spooked by shadows and stuff. And so she understood stuff about them and, and I was like, oh, that's interesting. He's very smart. Right? An engineer, right. Boy, what a useful citizen. Think of these useful citizens we have now that they're really technically minded and really focus on that. They com they self compartmentalize almost. Yeah. And You can program whatever sexuality you be like you're a woman. Like I I I am. You can fucking make 'em fall in love with TV ponies. And The more vaccines you get 'em, the more easy they are to program. Dude, my we Oh, last time I was here.


Yeah. Oh yes, you dead sleep. The last time I was here, I, me and my girl flew. And so the, I'm obvious asleep. I like to be knocked out. I don't wanna be awake for any part of the flight. Okay. And my girl sitting next to this other girl who she felt was a kid at first but was probably a 30-year-old woman. So she was like, she must have been from Pacific North Northwest, vaguely Asian, wearing a Pikachu mask. Covid mask, okay. Bright colors. Okay. Okay. She sits down and I'm, I'm passing, I go look and the, and the girls, You know, getting the cookies they bring you and she has a, a box with little Pikachu when she sits it on the, the tray and eats cookies like with it. Okay. Then Jenny's like, I fell asleep and she woke up to laughing because the girl's got an iPad and she's laughing her ass off at Clifford, the big red dog.


Okay. And it's like a 30-year-old woman. Yeah. And I go, just so you know sweetie, that chick will make more money than you ever have in your life. That's the new future. So I I when you told me that China thing that they were doing some weird intelligence raising experiment, what'd you tell me about? Yes. Yeah, they did a, well, they said that they were trying to take these babies and make them immune to HIV, but what they were really doing was making their propensity for intelligence much higher. So you think, see I, and then The guy, the guy got arrested for doing it and went to jail. Then they got out. But he was like this, like what's obviously they wanted him to do it. Like the whole thing is like Escape. Yeah. We got a computer. America's gonna hand you your ass. I'm sure they got the same story here, here, but they're, China's gonna hand us our ass.


They're Literally developing geniuses from the womb on Purpose. Hey, hey, so are we real weird geniuses. But Here's the question. Why wouldn't you do that if you found out that there was a thing that you can Do to kids that doctor mutilating the children? No, not these kids have been mutilated. Well sure, but if it's something just so simple as it just elevates your intellect. If there's a gene expression that they can turn on or off and this thing that they can do when the child is in the womb can make the child 25% more intelligent. Right. But they're gonna be autistic. Are you sure? Well, have you seen the telepathy tapes, which everyone tells about? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But that's not, those are nonverbal people. Like, Well you turn the cranks or whatever, it's a right blend of chemicals.


But how Do we know? We don't know that these people are autistic. They might just be just genius. It might not have a side effect. Like, wait, there are people that are genius. Wait, the Chinese ones are the ones, The Chinese ones where they manipulated the genes. The thing is like there's, there're, Well, I guess China, it's hard to tell me. There's a lot of geniuses that aren't like socially fucked up. They're just really smart people. So what, what is that? Like, what is, why does some people have a nine volt brain and other people have a fucking Tesla battery? Well That's the quest. Is it? That's why we have the oly. That's why we the eugenics festival every four years. Right. But why wouldn't you, why wouldn't you encourage that kind of manipulation in The w Well, I guess because, well these people that play God invariably end up being perverts with like, weird shaped dicks that they're taking it out on us.


Like, you're Epsteins and such, yo, all these tech dudes, I want their dicks out and I wanna see what kind of deformities they have before I let them be in charge of shit. You got a weird dick. I don't think you should be social engineering Shit. What would we say it last night about a guy who had a flute dick? Oh, I, What were you saying? I I, he could tell you this story. I don't wanna say I don't, you know, I don't wanna name names because you know, that's how Hitler happened. Do you remember? Do you remember? I think her name was Sta Is it Stacey Plaskitt? Whoever it was. Yeah. Yeah. And she has this woman behind her that's like this super autistic lady that's mouthing every word. Yeah. She's like, and I know that, I mean I alleg looks au I shouldn't say she is. I don't know if she is. Maybe she's just a very enthusiastic Young Lady. She wrote the lady that has like very bizarre behavior Patterns.


I know exactly what it's because, yeah, she wrote the words. I talk to myself like a crazy person. Okay, I have for my whole life. I'll just say just that. Look on that chick that looks like me. If I, I'm not even alone. I just am thinking about a thing. Right. But the fact with this girl's on air, She wrote the speech, her eyes Are right, but her eyes are wide and she's, she looks like an Alien. She's mouthing the words of her play. Yes, yes, yes, Yes. She's playwright. Yes. And she's mouthing the words that she wrote. And She's a writer on a sitcom. Exactly. And exactly. She's waiting for the actors to Deliver the lawn. That's, and by the way, that's every bit as creepy as psychic pu puppetry. That's the, do you understand how creepy that is? It's very weird. Yeah. Because you know that lady who's the represent Watch this. Look at her. Yeah, I've made that face. Look at Her eyes though. Look at those eyes. Gimme some volume.


The record page 50 55. Yeah. They went over it together. Interview. Look at her though. With FBI, employee Roya Delow, who You see. If Kamala had one of them, she could have done better. Look at those eyes. Look at those Eyes. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I didn't see that part. She Made a mistake. Yeah, she made a mistake and then the, the autistic girl corrects her into The record. Wait, I don't know if she's autistic. I shouldn't say that. 55 From the committee's interview with page 55th, 55 from the committee's interview, which took place on July 17th, 2023. In that The fuck, wait. Yeah, I, I'm missing the thing I'm supposed to be seeing. She mouthed her, which Took place on July 17th, 2023 in that were to leave this interview.


And Because she said up, suggest Or imply that when you said the laptop was real, that it meant that the FBI had affirmatively determined in October, 2020 that the laptop belonged to Hunter Biden. She realize that she made a mistake, so she's gonna correct her. We're to leave this interview and we're to suggest Orly that when you said the laptop was real, that it meant that the FBI had affirmatively determined in October, 2020 that the laptop belonged to Hunter Biden. So she has to correct her. So she leans over and says something to her. Would They be representing what you said? Correct answer by Ms. Delow? They would be representing what I said because I don't have much knowledge of that.


Oh my God. God. Wait, that's not what I, I said because I don't Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. No, that's not just writing the speech. That's fucking weird. Yeah. Weird. I didn't ever saw that. Yeah. Weird. Everybody needs one of them geniuses. Yeah, but that's like voice to one skull. Next, sit next to me on a podcast. Voice to skull. I would like one. Can we find one? Can we sort auditions tomorrow? Who's Jamie? Jamie Said the same thing. Yo, he knows about crypto. My yo Jamie's A deeply invested in Doc Tua. Tell this FUD about Hawk Tua. Do you know where Fudd comes from? I, I don't Know what Elmer fud. And do You know what the reference is from no hunting rifles?


So hunters and are firearms enthusiasts like Second Amendment people like my friend Cole Noir. Like people are like make YouTube videos on AR and that kinda shit. It's not Colin. Well Collins is his real name. Cole Noir is his online name. His real name's Collins. I've been saying Colin Collins is his actual name. Oh, doesn't matter. Okay. My point is super firearms enthusiasts to kind of go to like the shot show in Vegas and check out All the latest fucking red dots. They think of hunters that use like bolt action rifles as fuds. You're an Elmer fud, right? You're a dopey old hunter. Like you have a, you have an antiquated view of firearms.


I think it is different though, right? Oh, fear, uncertainty and doubt. Yeah. It stands for manipulative propaganda tactic used in sales market. I don't think that's what you were saying though. You're talking about Fuds Like dorks. I was talking about this. Oh, because you don't think the hot Tub tub was, you said I'm a FUD though. Yeah, fud. FUD But It's got, well I but but that's a you you use that like as a A noun. Yeah, They go the fuds. Oh I just wa do I like Sigma FUD factor. Yeah, but that's not what they're saying here. They start, they're saying it's a factor. Put a competitor at a disadvantage. The FUD factor. You know what I'm going off of is Sigma Grind set channels where they Oh, where they go crypto and like don't listen to the fuds. You know? So what I'm saying is that like real hardcore gun enthusiasts. Yeah. Look at guys wearing a hunting rifles as fuds.


It's both thing. Both It's both. Yeah, it's both. I get it. They're not, it's not just one thing. It's both. Right, Right, right. I thought it was, that's what I thought it was coming from. Maybe it's just like my limited No, all that libertarian crypto guys are, are kind of connected, you know? Oh, here it is An old fashioned, unimaginative pompous person. It's both things. Oh, fuddy duddy. They prob somebody probably took the term fudd and made an acronym out of it. Do you see what I'm saying? Right. And that's probably why they made Elmer fud, right? Yeah. It was probably already a term. And Elmer FUD was a dork. So you Name the gun people and crypto people go together, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well it's all people that are like really into a thing, you know? It's like coin collectors or Yeah, yeah. People are like, those is those similarities of people that are really into like collecting things.


You find them in everything. I bet archeology is the most interesting one. Well the people that like actually get like stolen shit. Like they buy it from China. They have like Egyptian mummies in their house and stuff. Yeah, yeah. Macon things. Scarce is the be, You know, like diamonds. But that's A big market, you know, for like illegal artifacts. Yeah. Like really, really rich guys in other countries, they like to fucking go behind back channels and get like Egyptian shit that was like rip ripped off from Tunes. Especially that, I mean when you hear like Templar night stories of s Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It sounds like Raiders of the Lost Ark stuff, don't it? It does. Like they were raiding the Lost Ark. Yeah. So that's a, that goes back a that I like that debunking guy's channel because he's not like, you know, he's he's doing real.


He's great. Yeah. And he's Coming on soon again by himself. Well I, if I can learn something from your thing is that's all I want. So Yeah. You know that guy's great. Yeah. Like, you know the guy that was like to Graham Hancock don't talk about that. It could lead to racism. Like, Oh this is Flynn Dibble. He's just, You know, Flynn dibble coin by the way, going to the moon. I bet It's worth a lot. Flynn. What is the, the Belco worth? But here's my question about the whole coin thing. Are they using real money? Is that $36 billion real money that they bought it for? Or is it, are they using fake money? Are they using like it becomes Real, She enu coin to buy? Probably Trump coin. But you know what I'm saying? Like, so I was watching this thing on she coin when they were explaining that if you bought Shibu Eno coin in the beginning, you know, like if you got a thousand dollars in Shibu Eno coin, at one point in time it was only worth $2.


But now it's worth like $17 million. That's right. Like If you hang on there and the waves, you know, like if Elon tweets about Shinu coin, that fucking shit will skyrocket. And then you got Right. And I might have asked him to do that when he was here before and he didn't do it. Look, Look, here's the difference between he's trying to ring The system. Janie's trying to nail Pelosi, the the crypto market. Guess what? 'cause I bet you know, people got a story about how they had a whole bunch of Ethereum or Doja, whatever, but then the place they bought the coin through was shady. Yeah. And now they don't have shit. So here's the difference. We get our real money the same way through darker occult magic. Okay. But there's insurance on it. Right. You get some more money.


That's why the p so to regulate it, some guy like that Ft X creep, they want be in charge of it. Right. There's a time tested oligarch way to do it. You go, we need, this is getting dangerous. Right? We have to regulate it and then they control it and then their boss hog, right? They need to be boss hog of the thing. So what you're seeing now is a mafia shift. The mafia of people that used to know what's his name, you know, he's at the McCarthy hearings and he was pretending not to be gay. And he had aids, the famous guy, Jagger, Hoover, The other one from the time that was friends with Trump and Raw. He had aids, He died aids his famous story. He prosecuted the Emma, the, the people that stole the nuclear bomb secrets.


I'm blanking on his dumb name. God damnit the gay black male guy. He's, him and Hoover worked it out. Its Scarpa. Huh? Is it Scarpa? No, no, no. That's the mob boss that died of aids. Trump's friend that, that notorious lawyer. Roy Cohn. Okay. Roy Cone. I don't know who he is. You Never heard of Roy Cone? Yes, yes. I've heard the name, but I don't know who he is. Like if you asked me like what does Roy Cohn do? Okay. I wouldn't be able to tell you. My guess is Roy Cone told Trump where All the bodies are buried. And, and I really got put onto this by dark journalists. I'm telling you guys Great Daniel list. His name is 'cause he is, he just, just the facts. He just gets the facts. Just the facts ma'am. Yeah. And so Roy Coh, that whole, the whole network that the whole pyramid scheme works on, which is blackmail.


Okay. Roy Cohn was part of that. And Trump you'll notice doesn't drink, doesn't do drugs. You know about who he slept. Yeah. This guy. So, you know who Trump slept with already. Like I don't care that he paid that chick to shut up. Why would you even try to prosecute for that? Like I give a shit, you know this shit, all these other motherf, how Creepy does he look? He wa okay, he wasn't creep, but he Looked creepy. He told he So Trump was going in, they wanted Trump to run. 'cause then you'd have to vote Hillary. You remember the, the, the story. Right? Right. Okay. And then Trump won. And it's like, you know, in fiction when, when Bruce Willis wins and he shouldn't have. Right. Right. And because you can't have a guy that you don't have blackmail on. Right. Think the president, if the president doesn't have the highest security clearance and he doesn't, the president doesn not he's supposed to.


I thought, but he doesn't. And the excuse is well he is only there 48 years. Right? Right. So already now you've told me there's a deep state with that. Just with that. Right. Right, Right. And now you're telling me that the president has not meant anything for quite some time because I, so there's secrets we don't get to know or vote for. And that's just how it is. And I you saw men in black just trust him. Listen, they got Will Smith on the team. Hey, I don't like the way you're talking. Yeah. This is for the good of the company. Yeah. Excuse me. Country. Yeah. Well that dude, The good of the country. Even if You think it like original sin, the whole concept of original sin, right? Yeah. That's incorporation, that's like the liability is on all of us for the company. Right? Like that's, that's an incorporating thing.


So everything's that. And like it's, look, everybody's gonna keep putting money in these dumb coins. Okay. And I'll bet you a Trump coin and which is bullshit. He, he's got some real crypto scumbags hanging around him. Larry Ellison, I don't know who the hell is looking at that guy and thinking he should be in charge of anything. Peter Thiel. I've ne I I watched you talk to Peter Thiel. I've never seen someone lie so artlessly and artistically in my life. What'd He lie about? Oh dude, I, I'm gonna put this out about Epstein Island. Maybe it's just some guys were cheating on their wives. Yeah. Maybe that's all it was. Peter. Some guys were cheating on their wives. See The thing is he's a gay guy and he's not interested in going to that island. So he is probably on the outs and allegedly.


Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I don't know if he's supposedly ever, that's Not the only game in town. Oh, I'm sure there's gay blackmail, but you can't gay when a guy's single and gay. Like what are you gonna get on him that he fucks other guys if only Open? See that's why they didn't want gay marriage to be illegal. To be illegal because what are we gonna blackmail with? Right, right, right. If you just be gay. Oh, that's right. Worse things. Right. We're gonna have to make you do a lot worse stuff now that you can be gay. Right. And why are there still people in the closet in this day and age when there's a goddamn rainbow flag on every corner? That's weird. Well, it's people that got trapped, right? Yeah. So they've been lying their whole life and they, the social stigma of it in the like the eighties and nineties. Like we, we know Aa, the Intel community. You just described the Intel community. Right?


Right.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the Vince Lombardi trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking. Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help us available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


Right? They got you. They got you. You gotta play play Ball. There's no forgiveness dude. So so look that's a, that's here's the thing. Like, you know, like Russell Brands into Jesus, you know, I don't know what's like true or not, but I do know the way the system works is perpetrator victim forever. And that's the pyramid. And so you're gonna have to forgive people. I don't wanna forgive none of them people at all. So it will take a miracle from Jesus to make me feel like that a hundred. I don't mind forgiving people. I just don't think that they should be in the same positions. If they were using their power to manipulate people and then something comes out about them that shows that yeah, this is why they were doing it, that person shouldn't be allowed to continue doing it and we forgive them.


They should find a new thing to do. Yeah. And I should. 'cause They shouldn't be in control of the rest of the country's life, Dude. When those files come out, the JFK ones 'cause You know what's, how much is gonna come out? They don't, the reason they over classify, I think is you don't need that much threads to pull, to pull it apart and much smarter than people than me. Just do that All the time. And you can still find them. And so when these new files come out And you know, here's what I'll bet. It'll be a lot of shit to go through a lot. Oh yeah. I always think of what that thing you told me of the judge Napolitano about if you saw what I saw, you wouldn't release it either. Yeah. Yeah. Now I think I know what that means, but I don't obviously What do You think it means?


Oh I think it's Monarch dude. I think it's part of mon. I hope it is. I hope they're gonna get that off their chest. That MK Ultra never ended. I hope we're gonna get that off our chest because that All the UFO shit is directly with that and I don't know which parts are the mind control shit and which parts are some kind of entity. So, and it's on purpose that you're not supposed to connect it, but they're very connected. Well I told you my friend Evan ER's theory about JFK What is that? That when, so here's what happened. They don't clue JFK in on the bag of pigs until very late in the operation. And air support is critical for the survivor. The Guys around Oh, Cubans. Yeah. Yeah.


So he pull not to Cubans Americans, American special ops guys. So they send in the fucking most ultra violent best killers we have. But they have to have air support. Well he pulls JFK pulls air support and those guys get fucked. And a lot of guys died that shouldn't have died. So those guys come back and they're fucking furious. And those are the type of people that you would hire to kill people. Yeah. 'cause they kill people already. So if you've got those guys and you've got this president that the entire special forces division that went onto that island once dead. So you have thousands or I don't know how many people deployed in that particular operation, but you've got, let's say you got a thousand hardcore killers that want this president debt because their buddies got blown up unnecessarily.


Yeah, totally makes sense. Yeah. I have a question. 'cause they are killers. How come they try to kill Fidel Castro 600 fucking times. Which is kind of high. Didn't get that done. Only tried to kill Kennedy once. Got that done. Well Kennedy was in a fucking convertible in Dallas and Fidel Castro was well aware. It's easier. Easier well aware that people were trying kill him. Him. Right. It's easier to murder your own people who don't see a comment. That's though Is what I thought. That's true. But, but Castro was, he was having like affairs with women who knew things and Yeah. He was James Bond that motherfucker. He was, yeah. He was tied in to people that were involved in the potential assassination of him. He was getting inside information.


That's why he didn't smoke the exploding cigars. They tried to do like a cartoon. They gave him an exploding cigar. This is just public record, which I blows me away. They're like 600 because he'll tell you what a monster he I'm sure he was. I know if someone tried to kill me 600 times, I might become a monster. Yeah. The first couple of times I might get different, you know. Yeah. But 600 times I might get kind of cynical. I might lose my shine. Yeah. Well he was already a monster. I mean, he was already, I I wanna know, Forcing a dictatorship on Those people monster's a measurement. And I wanna know what you're measuring against. I hope it's not against us because a lot of these guys come up smelling better when you measure 'em against America. Did you notice that? Such as George HW Bush and George w and Cheney and all those motherfuckers.


You, I look, Hey Gaza, what happened happened? I guess we're gonna move on. I don't wanna hear about Russia, China ever the fuck again after that shit. I don't hear about Uyghurs ever The fuck again after the shit they let happen in Gaza. Go ahead. Do the thing you're gonna do and take our money. You're entitled to it to do the murders you did. But don't come at me with that fucking moralism, The Morals of the west bullshit ever the fuck again. Because I'm gonna tell you to go fuck yourself. That's all. 'cause there's nothing I could do. I didn't do no shit. It is funny. It is funny that like George w when he is sitting on the stage at the inauguration, I look over at him, he's clearly medicated. I would just guess He's a, he's a Sirhan Sirhan if there ever was one.


He's sitting there smiling and look at, there's all these memes online where he's like seeing things that aren't there. But yeah, you have to be that. If you killed a million people, if you killed a million people on a false premise. That's right. And then how do you sleep at night? Well, they medicate the fuck outta you. You're fine. And what, but what about when you're kind of not a bad person? Deep down, how do we get people that aren't psychopaths to become secondary psychopaths, which is what they call a sociopath now because we need people to do murder. No, I want to join. Okay. But like we need people to murder for us. And you know, it's not that easy to compartmentalize that. Okay. Our whole public school system is based on how hard it is to get people to pull the trigger the Prussian system.


Right. That Prussian Emper invented our schooling. 'cause 70% of his soldiers were, you know, they tell you those rifles weren't Accurate. They were missing on purpose. Yeah. They didn't wanna kill people. So what the hell. Oh, they, they were growing up in loving families and, and we gotta fix that shit. Right. So here's The So separate them earlier from their parents. Yeah. Before you get that brainwave, it tells you reality. Okay. And then do you remember when suddenly pre-K, You know, outcomes of people went to pre-K are better? Yeah. Why? 'cause you separated 'em from mommy earlier. Exactly. Yeah. Do You know what happened with me? What did I tell you? I, I think one of the things that led me to questioning everything my whole life was that when I was, I didn't go to kindergarten.


Oh yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. So I went to first grade. First grade was the first time I went to school. Yeah. So it was just my family, this loving Italian family, you know, nice Catholic school, nice home, Catholic school, first grade. And then all of a sudden I'm being controlled by this nun who was a fucking ruthless cunt. It was the first time I'd ever been around a mean person. Right. Like, I didn't have like, mean people to me in my life. And this lady was just fucking openly vicious. She said she was gonna make me sit on a nail in the closet because that's hot. It was a weird shit. She would, You know, smack your hands and Yeah. She would hit you. They would do things. They would hit people in class. I don't think she hit me. I don't remember her hitting me. But she hit people in class.


And I remember Trauma bonding as A seven. No 6-year-old kid sitting there in that class going, okay, I know this is all bullshit. This is not what God would want. These people don't represent God. 'cause I was like really into God. My parents were getting split up when I was five and I was like really lost. And one of the things that I clung to was religion. As a young boy, I didn't even really know what it meant. But I wanted to believe that there was a God that made something good. Well, You had formed a, the, the part of the brain where you have a sense of reality and fairness. Right. You, you, that's, that's why they need to get you young for bootcamp. It's, it's bootcamp for Kids. I had gotten, by the time I had gotten to first grade, I had experienced enough bullshit that I realized that this lady does not re represent God. This was just some mean old celibate lady.


Yeah. And it was just, the whole thing was nasty and the way she treated the students was terrifying. And from then on it questioned things. It like literally set me down on a path from first grade. Yeah. And it was because they didn't get me when I was four. They didn't get me when I was five. They got me when I was six. Yes. My parents had already split up. I'd already seen some shit. You know, I'd already seen enough chaos to know that people are fucking not what they say they are. Right. I'd seen enough shit behind the scenes. No, it that they gotta get you. That's why, that's why it's so useful to have adults that care about Pokemon. You know what? We keep you a five year years old. One part of your brain Forever.


Forever. You're gonna worry. I Think that's vaccines. Well, okay, look, I think it's not either way. It's like, oh, I think it's the aluminum. We, we notice this effect from a, a chemical. Well I, we already know public record. They dumped that, that cobalt whatever on black kids in Chicago. We already know the shit they're willing to do to you at any given time. So why, if you notice that some kids get autistic and they're savant, they get savant is why wouldn't you just see, I mean, what was the point of bringing all them Nazis over after the war with all their great science if we're not gonna test it out. And these fuckers think they can do that to you. They all think they can. I if you remember the vaccine mandates, but there's an example of it. What am I in the military? I gotta take a vaccine.


'cause you I didn't sign no papers. Well, we're gonna nudge you if you wanna go to work, dude. But that's all a money grab. Well, Okay, But that's all a money grab that, that's all that's For a certain level. That's a no No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's a hundred percent what that is. That's selling the most amount of vaccines possible. And that, just look at the numbers. That's worth hundreds of billions of dollars worldwide. Yeah, you're right. Hundreds of That's right. Billions of dollars. That's a money grab now. Okay. But but here's The thing. Hold that thought. If you don't mandate them and you have more people that are surviving and getting through it and telling other people it's fine. You don't need the vaccine that cuts your profits in a massive way. Yeah. No Shit. A massive way. But that's all that is. Can I read you, you're looking into it too deeply.


They're not trying to make autistic people. What do you mean All First of all, that's a money grab. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. If, okay, nevermind the autistic thing. Of course it's a money grab. And because you're right now not thinking like hawk to a coin. You're thinking like a poor person. Well what, like I make weapons. I bet if I made more wars, I could sell more weapons. A hundred percent. I make fucking cures. I bet if I made more diseases, I could sell more cures. So the money grab Is well, you don't cures, you make uhuh, you make treatments. You don't wanna make cures openly. They openly discuss not wanting to have Cures. Okay. So you see how so openly this, this is the thing that, 'cause people will be like, oh, you're conspiracies, dude. I almost never tell the conspiracies.


I think I tell him in the green room Record shit. You tell him in the green room, you freak me out. Yeah. Just so, and and here's why I do that to everyone I meet, because I just wanna see, I just wanna see, And you corner him, he's his fucking giant lurches over people in the green room and is like, oh. And did, You know, Well one, because when then sometimes people say something so uninformed that I'm like, it is a triggering feeling. Well You have too much information. I think I'm, I, you know, like I've been a friend of yours for a long time and like, we probably met what, 15 years ago or something like that? Yeah. At in Canada. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Ari, How many years ago was that? This is a long time Ago. Long time ago. And I've watched Your comedy Attic Progress Comedy.


That's right. No, comedy wasn't the Attic. Jimbo Jimbos works. Jimbos Comedy Works. I'm Sorry. Yes. Comedy works in Montreal. Yeah. Yeah. So over time, what has happened is you have, through doing the Jimmy Door show, you got exposed to all kinds of really fucked up real conspiracies. And Then in the news it's, it's called the News. Yeah. But before that, but a real before that. But a real independent journalist like Jim, who's also a comic. Right. So before that, well, yeah, definitely. That's a big part of it. That was it Before. So conspiracy almost like to relax after having to hear that before that was Barry Crimmins and Oh that's, lemme tell you something.


Barry Crimmins used to tell me so much shit that I did not have the ears to hear. And he would bring up Nicaragua All the time. And so Oh yeah, Reagan did. And I would be like, Barry was a political commentator in a comic back when nobody was. He was also the real deal with it. He wasn't a pho. Oh yes. He wasn't a phony about it. No, No, no, no. He was a real deal with Everything we toured. Okay. I, he wanted toward me when All the whole media would try to ruin me for a fucking month. Yeah. Which I, I always knew they kind of sucked. But what I didn't know is that they just make shit up completely. Oh yeah. I had, so that's the real first thing where I noticed there's a big problem. The previous thing where I thought there might be a problem was I had forgotten if we were still in Iraq.


It had been some years. I was like, are we still doing that? Like it felt like I left the oven on. Right, right. And I had to Google if we were in Iraq still. And then, so that disturbed me a little bit. But I mean, I moved on with my life obviously then on the I media thing and then on tour. So Barry went on tour with me just to be seen with me because I was getting so much shit because he was a very left, he used to say, there's no left here. And I would go, you could have fooled me. And he was Right. So everybody's saying left and right here. What are, what are you talking about? There's upstairs, downstairs. That's all there is. But dude, it's, it's the same as this. The public school memos from your Rockefellers and Carnegies, they've written down the thing openly and said what they're gonna do.


Alex Jones didn't make up the new world order. Okay. Alex Jones didn't pull that out of his ass. George HW a thousand points a light, A new world order. Yeah. Your friend, your best friend Bill Clinton. Your, you Like Ship's passing in the night. You didn't get under the Clinton charm. You just got the The the I just got the demon behind the eyes. Yeah. We just locked eyes from each other. 15 Seconds. Thedro was crawl eyes. He just Looked over at me. We looked at each other for like 15 seconds. Dude. The the, the idea of like, if, I mean, do you need telepathy to read his mind when he looked at you? I don't. No, I don't. No. But the thing that's funny is he looked at you like almost like a fucking, You know, that chick that blew him that they would've ruined if she hadn't saved that dress?


Remember people like who saves the dress? Somebody that knows they pissed off the Clintons. But also you should know that your strategy sucks. 'cause you gotta have me on your side. You fucking idiots. No, they See that's the thing. You're not going to them parties. You're getting invited to. No, No, I Don't go to them party. Here's how they're gonna get you. This is what I think is they're gonna invite you to see a dinosaur be reconstituted. They have invited me to see some Things like that. That's where they whoa. Willie Baits. That's what Yeah. That's where they'll make their move, Joe. Yeah. I'm excited. I'm excited to be tempted. Hey Dude, if you wanna show me you made remade a fucking something cool like okay, Yeah, I'm gonna go. Yeah. That's how they get me. They can get me with science. You know, Barry Crimmins was the glue that kept the Boston comedy community together.


I know. And he was the reason why everybody there, there's no hacks. Barry. Everybody was scared of Barry. I was fucking terrified of Barry the first time. Barry was nice to me. I was like, Barry liked me and that's, it wasn't a hack. You know what's great is like where, where'd that go? You know the guy that's like Barry was far left, you would call Him. Well he was far left but supported American workers. American made things right. He was, he like would drink Budweiser. You know, like he would pull Budweiser out his jacket on stage. Yeah. He wouldn't drink foreign beer. Yeah. He was a, he was a real deal. Yeah. And a really fucking beautiful person. Well you know how the left transition, see it's all about transitioning. Nothing means anything. So what we do is take the meanings of words and we all stick our dick in it and gape the word until All the meanings slides out of it.


Mm. So that's so nothing means shit. A vaccine. Don't mean a va. Whatever. You thought a vaccine was a thing that makes you not get the thing. Right. That doesn't mean that anymore. It's never been that. Oh, I didn't know. Well thanks for educating me. Yeah. Oh we go don't worry. We changed it in the dictionary. They did do that by the way, don't do your own research. I'm never letting that go. I read that in Forbes. You must never, you must never do your own research. Oh, can I finish this issue of Forbes at least? Do I have to put it down right now? W why would you say that? Well, what's crazy about them saying that is All the things they were saying that were conspiracy theories. 'cause this is all in regards the do your own research stuff was all in regards to COVID-19.


All the things. Yeah. That people were saying that they were calling a conspiracy theory turned out to be true. Yeah. Every single one of 'em. But yet no correction. But yet they still want to be the people that give you the news. Hey, you know where they term tinfoil hat came from, right? I don't remember. Okay. Control old history. I can't recommend this channel enough. A lot of like recent history. But tinfoil hat, a guy named Leonard Kyle, K-I-L-E-S, he had patents on like Polaroid camera shit. Okay. He was a smart guy. Thought his girlfriend was cheating on him and he would fly into rages and was seeing a therapist. Bad luck for him. This therapist was a CIA guy. Yeah. Delgado. Those old things with the bull where it doesn't charge because they're putting, it's a chip.


You know, the brain chip has been invented a long time ago ago. So they put this in this guy's head without telling him a brain chip. And then it, it turned him into, I mean, it just fucked him up. Okay. And he ended up in a booby hatch. And the pain from, you know, 'cause microwaves have to be transmitted to his chip. So the pain of that in his brain made him put metal trash cans on his, because he's smart. He knew science things And what they were using, even though he was in pain. And then they started letting him use aluminum foil around his fucking head. And that's, So we get the term tinfoil hat from a guy, the CIA mutilated and fucked up. And now we say it as a joke. Do you see how magic works?


Yeah. What was the, the implant they put in on him? Oh, what was it called? The one they made in the nineties called Soul Catcher, which is ominous. Jesus. Yeah. Soul catcher. Right? That's what they called it. IS that was on cnet. I, I texted to you, dude, British Telecom. They Probably got lost in that fucking Scroll that you, Hey, if you're worried about the new Elon ship, I got great news guys. They don't need a chip to do the thing no more. They did it That, why do you think people go, who, what is this woke mind virus? Well, it's a lot like the Covid virus. A thing a guy made. Why would you even work on something like that unless you were gonna deploy it? The CIA verifies. Oh, they did think it was a leak.


Well, guess what? It wasn't a leak. I bet you it was on what? I think it was on purpose. 'cause I don't know why you're fucking around with that if it ain't on purpose. But why are you doing this gain of function research if you're not trying to find a cure? 'cause they clearly didn't have a cure. A cure for a disease that doesn't exist yet. That's suspicious. Hey, how come All the new viruses that come out, the explanation, the not racist and good explanation that you shouldn't research? 'cause that's how science works. Obviously not by not doing research, they all come 'cause some guy fucked an animal. All of them. Why do these freaks do this shit? And then you get blamed. So they go, so you create a virus in a lab?


No, you probably ate dirty Batwings. Oh, okay. There's this pattern of these assholes do something and then it's blamed on you. And it's in everything. The sci-fi. How many times I got seen a goddamn sci-fi movie with a, oh, because you humans with your war. Oh yeah, I did that motherfucker. Thanks alien. Hey, thanks for picking me up and raping me. That's what they do, right? They probe you. You wouldn't call it that at Puerto Ricans did it. Right? And then they tell you not to pollute. Right. Don't pollute. And then they erase your memory. So you have to pay for fucking hypnotherapy to remember not to pollute. What is the purpose of that? It was like a guilt trip for being alive.


Hey, what's your carbon footprint, Joe? Do you measure your carbon footprint? Isn't it just a warning about the direction of the human race, which is, oh, You know, we have president and you could go to his house and stick your thumb in his asshole and give him that information since he controls the nukes. And I don't, what are you, why would you go to a farmer and say that to him? When we got all these leaders that are in charge of that? There's something's fishy with that, isn't there? Oh, I warning accepted. We gotta stop being bad. Yo, nobody wants these wars. That's why they voted for Trump. Nobody wants it. Only a few people want it. And they're the ones who seem to be hiding All the information. And I'm supposed to go, whoa. They, they have to keep secrets.


Like I'm a a a housewife being cheated on. Right? Everybody's doting. You're going around so many corners that it's hard to follow where you first started from. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Well, you, you keep going with stuff. We started with autistic people and now we're at Well, It's All the same dude. It's All the same. I keep seeing the same cycle of like the, the UAPs. So, so, oh, they're having hearings And you know, Chuck Schumer, you know that that paragon of virtue is like, was he sick of the lies? And he's signing a bill. He's sick of the lies. Kurt. Oh, and El He's representing the people. Dude, You know, Lou Elizondo risked his career to tell us there might be something he might have heard and it might be dangerous.


Oh, how? And there's a documentary and I'm gonna see James Clapper on a documentary. James fucking clapper. He, he gets an attack of the ties about UFOs Hunter's laptop though. He's gonna sign that shit. Right? Right. But this fucker's gonna tell me the truth now. So I don't think there, I don't think there's no, there's something. I know there is. 'cause you wouldn't be all like how they're being about it. But I'm sick of this JJ Abrams mystery box storytelling, you know? Yeah. Well there's definitely a lot of propaganda. There's a lot of misinformation that's going on, I think purposely to try to muddy the narrative. Why? I think it's ours. I think a lot that stuff is Of course, but I also think we get visited.


I think that's real too. Yeah. I Think it is real as well. I think I Don don't think it's as simple as one or the other. I think that's right. One, one of the ways to kind of continue to hide it is to have our stuff and then eventually it leaks that we have advanced technology, but where did we get it and where, what are we emulating and are we in contact? And are all those stories, like what's going on under the ocean? Why are the, the there these things that have been documented that go 500 knots under the ocean, which is fucking insanely fast. That they can go from the ocean to the surface outside, into space, back into the water, documented, stuff like that. We don't have that capability.


So is that ours and or is that some shit that comes from somewhere else? Okay. Yes. They have it. Or is it a Combination of all those things? No, it's not ours. Yes, they have it. You understand? Well, it's, it's not yours and mine. But is it Raytheon's? You know what I'm saying? Like, does the government, does the government have some sort of like, top secret propulsion system that's 50 fucking years advanced from what we have now? I mean, everything they have is about that amount of time. More advanced. And I'll bet now it's probably more, probably because back in the nineties, yeah. Oh, you sent me the thing, the beast system, the flying saucer. That's a flying supercomputer that could spy on everyone and has those little Yeah.


And it's called the Beast System, which the level of significance of that is unbelievable. That's that They would call, that's the Bible. Well, that's the mark of the beast. Look, what's the con here? I'll be Larry Ellison. I if you saw his creepy ass thing, he's like, yeah, we'll be every, we'll be watching everyone. And if you're a cop, you can't do bad because it'll be what I go, we you are gonna be watching. Do I get to watch you Larry Ellison? Yeah. That was the creepiest thing that the idea that no one will have any privacy in that way. Everyone will behave Except for you. Right. Motherfucker. So what does God get to do? God gets to look at everybody All the time. But you don't get to look, you can never look at God. They're gonna make themselves God. It's real easy. And the way you do that, the way these They're Santa Claus knows, By the way, you know what?


Set me off. You've Been sleeping. He knows when you're awake. He knows if you've been bad or good. So be good for goodness sake. Who Wrote that? Some creep. CIAI bet the ccia a wrote that song. Really? That seems like been around a long time. No, well, all those songs are all, see you go to school later, right? When you've had have a family where you feel like loved in it. So you've already have established like a base reality. Right. You know, they talk about base reality. That's what it is. You gotta, it's not so cut and dry as left right brain. But you have a masculine feminine side so that you have parents to properly pattern those parts of your brain. Right. And your subconscious is the, is is the input. It's like a, a network, the subconscious.


Right? So you, so they want to get mommy or daddy out of the house. Okay? So you have a single parent's skull. Okay. And then stick their dick in your subconscious forever. That's the goal. That's the child. They're molesting is your subconscious. So like, dude, this, to this day, I think Brony is not a natural occurrence. I think a bunch of people that are on like Lexapro type drugs who are autistic Okay. Who are deprived of feminine contact, deprived of it. Yes. The kind of people that are gonna know about science. And then when an Epstein character invites 'em to fuck, fuck paradise, they'll go Right. You know, like the ancient assassins. They'll go to paradise and fuck. And you control 'em. What? Ancient assassins.


You know the assassins. That was what they do. They, they knock you out with a hashish. Then you wake up in the, in a garden with 72 virgins. All that bullshit. Wait, you're confusing the shit outta me. You know about that. Well, I know that if you're a martyr and you die, you're supposed to get 72 virgins. Well, that's the old, okay. That comes from the old man in the mount. The, the assassin. The term assassin. It's in video games, the term assassin. But he was saying this is like everybody knows it. Right? Jamie, you and I are pretty balls deep in conspiracies. I don't know what he's talking about. This historical Facts. Yeah. I'm following a, I mean he is everywhere, but I'm following. Okay. These are historical facts. Assassins checking stuff. Well, what did they do? It's a Sufi order. Okay. Of of Islam. And the guy, he would, they called the old man the mountain.


It's, they show in the Marco Polo Netflix series, the old man. He goes to visit the old man on the mountain and he had assassins, like young men, You know, probably kid to like teen and they'd smoke hashish. That's why it's called assassin from Hashish. Really? And you're knocked out on Hashish. 'cause you never smoked it before. You're a kid. Right. Okay. Okay. And then you wake up in a paradise garden that this guy has filled with women, then fuck you. And then you, you go to, they smoke some hashish. You go to sleep, you come out again. Like that's heaven. You get 72 virgins in a garden in heaven. Okay. This is a, like, it's more towards Shia, but I don't think Shia would they probably call him a Harry ticket? I don't know his Islam too well. But that's, that's what that's from. The 72 Virgin is not a Quran thing.


That's A, well also it's not, it doesn't mean 72, it means like a fuck load. That's what it means. Like the term, like when you say 72, it's like, like if have 72 wives, it's impossible to have that many Wives. But that heaven is a kind of, of like a dick val pussy Valhalla you to go to. Right. Right. Okay. But that comes directly from assassins. That's the trick. Young men into killing people. And so they would kill a guy and get killed doing it. And they had all these ways of doing it to historical thing And they thought they were gonna go to heaven and be in that place where they had all its girls. So that's a very effective form of mind control. Right. Right. You know, if I can put on a show for you that you believe is real, you know, whatever it could be. If I put enough Disney magic into it, you believe anything. Right. And if I have an island, and if I can fly everybody in on private jets And you know, you're gonna party with Bill Clinton.


Yo, And you're a nerd and noble laureates. Yeah. And you get take advantage of by the kind of girls that go for you if you're a super Nerd. And there's other nerds there. There's other nerds. Dude, think of these nerds, these tech nerds, the kind of women that go for them. They're either like some you ever see real genius with Val Kilmer and there's that chick that wants to fuck All the geniuses. And what is it real genius with Val Kilm from the eighties? From the movie? Yeah. From the eighties. No, I didn't see that. Oh. Anyway. Did You see it, Jamie? I think so. But there was one girl that tries to fuck Mitch, the main character. And because she fucks All the smart kids in the school. God, Val Kilmer was a handsome bastard. Yeah. He plays a handsome scientist, Perfect Teeth. Good fucking movie dude. Really? Yeah. I really like it. Okay. I saw when I was really young. But anyway, that, that eugenics shit where like, we're smart.


We should breed there's Right. You know, just like some chicks, like comedian and some like musicians, some of them like super nerds. Right. Right. Right. So now let's say I want to control important things like a nerd's brain. And how do I manipulate a nerd? Well, I send pussy to 'em. Right. I make 'em feel cool. Right, right, right. I give him my island. And then, I mean, listen, I mean, it's probably easier than bullying Bieber. Well, it's Definitely the best way. If you want to push a narrative and you want like award-winning scientists behind your narrative. We own the science. They said. Yeah. If you want to own the science, you have to compromise the scientists. You are right. I wanna ask, I like Eric Weinstein when he is on here, because I'm always trying to listen when somebody's picking up. I wanna ask like, like I, I watch Brian Keating All the time and he was telling you that thing about why maybe there's no alien.


I didn't really under it went nowhere what he said. But I do like him. But I wanna ask all these nerds who's paying for your scientific materialist nerd shit compartmentalized view that you have and your respective expertise. 'cause here's where we're at. All the experts told me women have dicks and they told me a gene therapy was a vaccine. And I had like, we don't trust the the shit that you went to school for. Like the the pat on the head Nobel prize horse shit. The Nobel Prize. Is there any more worthless fucking joke of a prize than the Nobel Prize? You gotta be a mass murderer to get one of those. Do you know the history of the no Crimes? Yeah. 'cause some fucking, yeah. So some rich asshole could ease his conscious.


But I don't even think it's for, I think it's to control the fucking, but No, no, no, no, no. The guy, they, there was a false obituary. They made a mistake and thought that he died and they called him the merchant of death. Yeah. In the obituary. 'cause he made dynamite. So to, to whitewash his image. Right. He decides to have a prize that he gives to the brightest minds. Yeah. So his name now gets associated with the, the most high achieving brilliance. Yeah. It's despicable, dude. The whole, It's kind of amazing though, because the Nobel Prize is the gold standard. That's the thing that everybody thinks. Oh, he is a Nobel Prize winning scientist. It's amazing. If you thought it was shit. But once I learned that, I was like, oh, this ain't shit. It's another sweater on a dog. Well, here's your pat on your head.


So why are super genius people this fucking stupid that They're just a little pat on your head. I got an a. Well, they all want status. They're just human beings. They all want to be the best of their, you know, their group. They all want to be right. They all, they, they all want to achieve in a way that they get awarded. That's why everybody in Hollywood wants an Oscar. They wanna have an Oscar in the mental piece. I mean, the programming is so obvious when you look at it for two seconds. How you're trained from birth to be a fucking pat on the head. Yeah. Dog. And you're trained to like, You know, that's why Temple Grandin knows how cows think. It's useful to have people that think like cows. Right? It's so useful. Mm. You can how they breed. You can tell 'em, Hey, you guys are all gay now. I don't want you breeding.


There's too many people. You're all gay now. Oh, I am. I am. Yeah. You're different sex. Imagine how great that is to have, what do they call, what was the term from the program? Bio programmable. Bio roids I think is what Kissinger called them. Yeah. That's All the mk shit. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What You can, that's what he called, that's what he called people that were under the spell of MK Ultra was something like OIDs a robot means laborer. Right. It's just a way to get slavery. It's just a way to get back to slave. Good old slavery, which never left. Well the, the experiments that they did with drugs on people and like, that's literally what created Ted Kozinski. And do you remember the one I'm sure they stopped where they did it in St. Louis. Yeah. I think they sprayed it out off the top.


Top of a building. Yeah. The, Yeah. They didn't even use the chemtrail. They did off the top of the building on the black kids in a building just to see. But wasn't it LSD? No, that's San Francisco. This was cobalt. But wait a minute. I I remember It's cobalt something. It's radioactive. Oh, that's right. It was to judge whether or not they would be poisoned. Point. And what level of poison Poisoning Make could survive. Well it says Nazi ish don't super. I wonder if Dr. Green was involved. You know who Dr. Green is, right? Mangalo. Oh, let's one step at a time. Yeah. We brought Before You go down Dr. Green. Let's, what was that experiment? Someone, someone told me there was one where they sprayed LSD into the atmosphere. That's San Francisco. No, no, no. San Francisco was pneumonia.


St. Louis. Doris Bates was a baby and her father died inexplicably. She has watched her siblings die of cancer. She survived cervical cancer learning. The army. Army conducted secret chemical testing in her impoverished St. Louis neighborhood in the height of the Cold War. She wonders if her own government is to blame. In the mid 1950s, and again a decade later, the Army used motorized blowers atop a low income housing high rise at schools and from the back of station wagons to send a potentially dangerous compound into the already hazy air in predominantly black areas of St. Louis. Local officials were told at the time that the government was testing a smokescreen that could shield St. Louis from aerial observation in case the Russians attacked. But in 1994, the government said the tests were part of a biological weapons program.


And St. Louis was chosen because it bore some resemblances to Russian cities that the US might attack. The material being sprayed was zinc cadium sulfide. Cadmium. That's what it was. Cadmium sulfide a fine fluorescent powder. Yeah. Oh yeah. The Russians have black neighborhoods. I guess The new research raising greater concern about the implications of those tests. St. Louis Community College bur max sociology, professor Lisa Marino. Taylor's research has raised the possibility that the army performed radiation testing by mixing radioactive particles with the zinc cadmium sulfide. Although she can sees there is no direct proof Fucking jerk off motion. Right. But Well, if she's saying this, she must have some reasoning.


Do you have weed? Yeah. But her report released last month was troubling enough that both US senators from Missouri wrote to Army Secretary John McHugh demanding answers. Wow. Oh Yeah. So this the, the San Francisco one was a disease thing. Find that Jamie, the San Francisco one. They were, they were spraying pneumonia into the clouds. Oh good. Yeah. Well, I'm sure they've stopped doing things like that. Yeah. What, what was the San Francisco one? The, I think they, they had the fog coming in and they wanted to see if they could distribute a disease that way. And so they spread a disease aerially to see how many people were infected.


How many was it? I don't know. What year was that? What year was it that they did that? I wanna say that was the eighties. What Should I say there was 'cause I type, I can't look up MK Alter. It's gotta be something else. No, no, no. San Francisco experimented with diseases on its population. Try that. What do you got? I mean, spraying in 1950. I mean, they just did it to you a couple years ago. 1950 was in the eighties. Okay. United States after secretly spraying San Francisco with sm what is sm. In 19 50 11, patients at a city hospital, condu contracted sciatica infections, one of whom died.


The army deemed the outbreak a coincidence and continued to use SM as a simulant. And subsequent open air tests Operation Sea spray. That's it. Operation Sea Spray. That's Okay. So a bacteria. So US Navy in 1950 US Navy secret biological warfare experiment in which Sia marsens and Basilus g glob gl deal gie bacteria were sprayed over the San Francisco Bay area in California. In order to determine how vulnerable a city like San Francisco may be to a bio weapon attack, killing at least one American and sickening at least 10 more.


Imagine, let's find out how a, we could be vulnerable to a bio weapon on our citizens. And to protect them, we will use a bio weapon on our citizens. Yeah. That's all. And we'll kill people. Yeah. Well, so that's the attitude is your cattle. That's the attitude Based on results from monitoring equipment. At 43 locations around the city, the army determined that San Francisco had received enough of a dose for nearly all of the 800,000 residents to inhale at least 5,000 of the particles. This is when within range of the inf infect Infectivity effectivity For anthrax. Isn't anthrax a cow disease? I don't know. But it's, it's, it's, It's a cattle disease.


Is that what it started from? They tested cattle diseases on their cattle. Get it. Jesus Christ. The bacterium was also combined with phenol and an anthrax simulant and sprayed across door set by us and UK military scientists as part of the dice trials that ran from 1971 to 75. Jesus Christ. There's no evidence that the army had alerted health authorities before it blanketed the region with bacteria. Crazy. Doctors later wondered whether the experiment might be responsible for heart valve infections around the same time as well as serious infections seen through seen among intravenous drug users from 1960s to 1970s.


Hey, I wanna hear a fun one. Jesus. You know about Kru Kru? No. What's that? You know the cannibal disease you get supposedly from in New Guinea? Oh Yeah, Yeah, yeah. They study. You ever see that creep his BBC interview? 'cause he was a raging pst. Like No Dude. So many of these, this is other creepy ass thing like, you know, it's Called the disease is called Kuru. KUR Is that yuccas? What? Kutz Feld Put it. Yeah, put it Jamie Deluxe is how he says his name. Jamie Deluxe. So this is a, this is a PreOn disease, right? Yeah. This is the same thing as like mad cow disease, But Right. So the guy that discovered how it works. Yeah. D well, no, no.


Just a no. Isn't this just Nature's way to keep you from eating people? Well this guy uses nature's way to do things with boys and they, he's interviewed and he's going No, they all jumped in. My bet. I mean, it's batshit, when you go back and look at the sci-fi visionaries and the tech visionaries, boy they really have a lot of weird things in common, which is boys or Schrodinger like girls. You know the Schrodinger equation from Schrodinger? You like young girls, you mean? Oh, he kept a diary. He believed women shouldn't be educated past the age of 12. 'cause their brains don't form past that. Yeah. I'm gonna paraphrase the great Schrodinger. What? And you might as well be with 'em while they're hot. 'cause they don't get any better.


You know, they're as smart as they're gonna get at 12. Yeah. Schrodinger. Really? Dude. Marvin Minsky, what do they call him? The father ai. He's big Epstein Island. Okay, Let's one at a time. Let's start with Schrodinger. 'cause this is fucking freaking me out. Schrodinger wrote that, what year was that? Schrodinger's cat. What year was that? Yeah, I, dude, I don't even know. It goes back a ways. Oh There You go. The cat is outta the bag. This is in Forbes. Oh, Forbes. Can I read this? I might be doing research. Is Forbes okay if I Austria Austrian physicist. Oh, go ahead. Schrodinger was a pedophile. Yeah, go ahead. Look. Look at the article. Ah, Pay wall. I was trying to find Different one. It was behind. Really? You don't have any more free Forbes articles for the month?


Why don't we have a subscription of Forbes? I dunno. We should probably have one just for the fuck of it. I don't mind paying those monsters. 74 99 for four to find out who's a pedophile. I mean, I find it. Well listen man, you know, you gotta know. You gotta know. Don't you think that there's some place for some journalism still online? Of course there is. Even. Right. Find dude. But is there hope for these people? Is there hope that the Washington Post, New York Times people like that can turn Around the companies? Yeah. I think Alex Jones should buy CNN. Sure. Today they went buying a paywall too for their Articles. Yeah, dude, they're the look when for the, the CIA was always deeply, you know, mocking bird and all that shit. Right. Here it Goes. But once Obama signed Smith Mont Monetization Act, dude, that is, they're deploying troops into the media.


Do you understand? Right. Explain that to people. Explain that, because we've talked about it before. But it it was a big moment. It was 2015. Right? I thought it was 14, but Whatever it was, it's a blur that in that range. But the world ended in 2012 to Happen. Legalized propaganda. Yeah. So it used to be illegal to propagandize your own the CIA, you know. But the CIA works in other countries. They're not Americans. Right, right. Well, after nine 11 and now they work here and, and then Obama signed a thing that they can propagandize citizens. So that means through the media. Yeah. That Means legally Bots on your Twitter. Yes. Yeah. They were, they got deployed on Twitter and shit. Yeah. And so, Well not just bots, but it might be most of the discourse.


Yeah. Well they call it, well the dead internet theory, it's not dead. There's living CIA. Yeah. Us Repeals propaganda Ban spreads. Government made news to Americans. What government made news is great. Where Does it say the Date That phrase government made news is amazing. The thing, the problem is you live in China with any other job. If you've been wrong so many times you would get fired. Yeah. You would. Wouldn't you? You if you lied so many times, no one would trust you to be the only people that get to dis distribute the news. So Why do you think it's still, oh, do you think it still works? How is That legal? How, how is that legal to propagandize American citizens with lies? Not only that, but you don't have to tell people about it. So like, it doesn't have to go through an approval process.


People don't vote If you tell people about it. Yeah. You should go stay in Russia 'cause we're gonna try to kill you. Yeah, Yeah. You can't tell people about it. It's, If people still hate Snowden, there's people that think that that guy did something wrong on any level. W yo the oath is to you, you, me. Not what Fucking but here. What's that? You, you don't, you you, it's not saying you should never have intelligent agencies. You should have int intelligence agencies. The world's a ba a dangerous, fucking crazy place. Yeah. But also you gotta have rules. They should be accountable to some somebody. Well, you have to have rules. And one of the rules should be you can't turn that shit on us. Right. That should be the rules. You, you shouldn't be working in co conjunction with a specific party. And your set goal is to establish a specific candidate.


And so to do that, you are going to use propaganda on the American public for a particular candidate that's running for president in the United States of America. You are gonna decide to lie and use propaganda and it's legal. That's crazy. You're supposed to do that in Guatemala. Okay. Yeah. Notre supposed to do that here. You're supposed to do that in other countries. Dude. There's supposed to be, first of all, there's, and I'm not even supposed to do that. But that's, that's what we think you're doing Well, you know, think you're overthrowing governments in other countries. I Just don't think about it too much and move on. I'm watching Landman later tonight. It's a good show. Yeah. It's, I'm on episode Five. Well, I like it because it gives you a real education from the petroleum industry who pays for it.


It's like, it's like a by the way, I'm not against, but I don't think that oil is even scarce now. I used to think that and then I saw that Colonel Proudie thing serious. Here's what happens. Once you get to gray beard times, that's when you're an idiot that doesn't know anything all of a sudden. Right. And that's what, so Barry who told me all this shit that I was like, all right, now I understand what he was telling me all this stuff. But now I've already aged out of the demographic of who gives a shit what you had to say. Do you know I Read a book in like, God, it was probably like the nineties called Black Gold Stranglehold. It's a crazy book. I don't know if it's even been disproven. 'cause this is back in the days when I wasn't really reading things on the internet. I was just getting stuff from actual books. So I didn't like research whether or not this book was bullshit.


But essentially the theory was that oil is a natural process of earth and it regenerates. And that's why some wells that used to be dry now produce oil. Again, the idea that it's a property of earth that we're tapping into. And it's not as simple as like this is a a a this is a finite resource. Yeah. That this is a resources that the diamonds sort of, but diamonds take millions and millions Of years to make a But there's not a shortage they artificially. Right. Well, that's true. There's not a shortage, what I'm saying iss, but, but the earth is not replacing diamonds All the time. Like it's replacing oil. The the theory Is that, yeah, no, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. The theory is that earth, You know, 'cause earth has a finite amount of gold. Right. It's a shockingly small amount of gold.


Have you ever seen Yeah, yeah, yeah. What they know better. They, they actually just found some new gold in China, so that, that might change that because they just found a, they, they found a huge amount of gold in China, like an enormous discovery. But the, the amount of gold physically they've showed it on like football fields. It's crazy. Really? It's like a football field of gold. It's like 10 feet high in the whole world. But gold has a very unique property. What is it in that you can take a tiny, tiny piece of gold and coat this entire table? Gold can be spread insanely thin. That's why a lot of things are gold plated. You know, it looks like gold, but it's not gold. That's very interesting. It's like steel. Yeah. But then over that they've got the thinness layer.


Right. And the more amount of gold versus steel is like 18 carat, 24 carat. Like the more the pure, the gold is, but pure gold in like a, a form of coating things. That's why they paint ceilings with it and shit. Yeah. Right. Yeah. The it gets, you can get it insanely thin. It's a super, super unique How heavy metal, even a thin layer of gold, like how much heavier does it make something? 'cause Oh, it must make something much heavier. Yeah. Gold's so heavy. But what's really fascinating is that gold doesn't serve any functional purpose to evolving man. But yet in that time period, it became the number one source of currency. Like in the time period before metal, like before we were able to make steel. Right.


And before people had, you know, electronics gold way, way back in the day was the thing for no fucking reason. You know what, there's all these other things that look pretty. Like, why did we decide that? Why this kind of metal said, You told me why. Yeah. 'cause You can spread it thinner. So You know how like Tom Cruise has to learn to read with Playdoh What? You know in Scientology, he has to play, you have to model a thing out. Playdoh. Oh, Play-Doh. I thought you meant Play-Doh the philosopher. I was like, what? No. Play-Doh the right, the dough. I'm so interested to see how you gonna tie this around to gold? Well it's like that's a, a like a child, you know, play with Play-Doh. Like that's the metal, that's the easiest to work like a child and make Yes, it is, but it Just doesn't make sense that people would be in the time where you needed a sword, why would you be willing to trade a piece of shiny, useless metal for something that's functional, that's gonna save your Life?


Oh, because if I'm creative, right? And I, You know, the, the, because All the shit's the endless battle of priest versus king. Now the engineers want in, but the, but the guy that figured out how to work the gold and read and write and do that, then they started breeding the kings themselves. That's what Egypt is. It's in Red Kings. I Think the better version of it is the Anunnaki version. The Anunnaki version is that human beings or the product of accelerated evolution. And we were essentially designed to mine gold for this alien race that needs it to protect their environment. And Because you can spread it is in, you can smear it all over the environment. This is in Zaria Sitin, the 12th planet. And so what he said is that the Sumerian tablets talk about how their atmosphere was eroding and that they needed to spray gold at their atmosphere to maintain their atmosphere.


Yeah. What's crazy about that is this is exactly what these fucking eggheads are talking about doing today by spraying reflective particles in our atmosphere. Well 'cause that air gold B shit's from their cult Gold would be the perfect metal for that. It's what my point, you can get gold dust can get so fine. Yeah. It's a very weird metal man. It's weird. And you know, I know it's weird that we are so obsessed with it and it doesn't really, other than like conductors and stuff like, and electronics it as a function like later in life, but it way longer way, way back in the day when you have jade and emeralds Right. And all these other things that should be like super valuable as well. Why gold? Why does that become the number one thing that everybody agrees we have to have? 'cause You can make it into shit and say it's magic.


No, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, No. You can make an atmosphere or a nice gold chain. Nah, I'm not enough. So That's a, it's not enough to make everybody kill people for It. Okay. It's no hawk to a coin. Yeah. But this, you're talking about, this happened at the time where people had animal skins on, you know, you're, you're, you're talking about the time where people like regularly just wore animal skins and made all their tools with Flint. You know, like, is This before Noah's Ark? I don't dunno what you're Talking about. When does gold, when does gold start being a currency? I'd like to know 700 bc. 700 bc You know, roughly. You know, you know what I like the story I like of, you know, 'cause you always hear about the book of Enock now. And so they name like the different fa you know, angels.


That the thing of accelerating evolution, if I read between the lines of that with my cynical eye from the covid times, I look at that as we did bestiality experiments. That's how I read. Look, read that. If you read like bale cycle and all that kind of shit. Yeah, they do sound. I don't wanna get off track here for a second though. So this was 200 bc so that's 2,225 years ago. Right? That's when they first started using it as currency. Roughly 700 Bc. But I thought they use it as currency in like Mesopotamia too. I thought like those kind of expensive coins. I'll see What I thought. It's like associated with the sun and shit. And silver.


Well they know That there's a Roman coins that are thousands of years old, right? Isn't it sun related to people Back then I thought that's the, the official thing That gold was sun related. Look, I'm, I'm not saying that gold isn't, like, anything that's rare is probably valuable to people. That seems to be a thing. Like we like limited edition things. Like people, like, they specifically like things that are hard to acquire. Like we were talking about like artifacts earlier. That's part of the thing. I'll bet with Golden Trump shoes. Okay. Here goes 5,000 years ago, Mesopotamia. Okay? They stamped silver and gold coins to pay armies. So it goes back further than that. Oh, it's so the earliest known mints, The me sh They emerged. Okay. The first known form of currency emerged nearly 5,000 years ago.


Not, not necessarily gold though, it was just currency. It could have been made out of What? Oh, you know what? Didn't they have currency that was also like beads? Yeah. That this was saying in that are Article. So then they switched to gold around. So it is the same, around the same timeline. Gold Became just like The first accept, I think the first currency blood that was the first currency was blood. Okay. So it doesn't go as far back as I thought. I thought that would make sense why we're so infatuated with gold. Well, I don't give a A shit shit about, but the zacharia hit thing. What's interesting is he wrote about that in the 1970s and then scientists in like the two thousands started proposing it as a solution to our eroding environment. Yeah. It's interesting, isn't it, that they have the, 'cause he's a wild fringe theorist.


And yet this is why, why I ask scientists, why do rich people, the ones that pay for you to be a scientific materialist, all your specialized knowledge, right? They believe in fucking Zacharias siting shit. What do you ever ask yourself that? Why do they Say that? But a lot of people, people don't believe in him though. Okay, here's why I do. Yo, that's why you gotta read Joseph P. Ferrell. I told you that guy's great. 'cause a very interesting thing about Chen, his background. Okay? He, he got into it from his antiquing or something in, he's in Rockefeller Center. It's like, who funded him doing all this? Well, you know, rocket Rockefeller Center, I'll give you a hint. It was Rockefeller Center. So that motherfucker was definitely into that shit.


You Know that shit? Yeah. Like Shirley McClain here, here's an example. Shirley McClean used to be like the Atlantis celebrity, right? Oh Yeah. Yeah. She went, she was the one who one of the first like famous ladies to go a little nutty. Well see that's how they frame it. Oh. Remember that, that one time that happened. But actually a bunch of these people are like that and they're smart enough not to jump around on a couch like Tom Cruise. Right? They're smart enough not to do that. Right. Such as Nelson Rockefeller. So there, dude, if you wanna get power, okay? It's not that you, you, you believe necessarily in anything. But what's the thing that might get me power? And I'll do anything. She claims to have lived a past life in Atlantis 2 million years ago. Wow. So she dates in 2 million.


She says she experienced memories of this past life while filming the 2016 movie Wild Oats and the Canary Islands McLean wrote about her experiences in her 2016 memoir Above the Line, my Wild Oats Adventure. What does that mean? Was she banging? Was she on a sex store? Is that what that means? I don't know what that means. Wild Sewing your Wild oats as a sex Store. But if You know actresses Yeah. Like How many of 'em are out of their fucking minds? So like, this is not shocking that someone would say they lived in Atlantis 2 million years ago, like 2 million years ago. We weren't even people yet. Well, First of all, we weren't people. That's not how she remembers it, number one. Right. But we know that, right? So this is why she's just a coach. Well, Shirley McLean says something different. She Had a dream. She had a very vivid dream.


Okay. So actors as You know, can especially like method acting, you hear about Right. Where they go in character and they're gone. Right? Right. So how do you develop a talent like that? You have to be able to dissociate outta your fucking body. Oh yeah, yeah. For Sure. So that's how you get those kind of memories. Well you probably have a detached connection to reality when you're a really good actor. We all have so good at like becoming this other person. Yeah. It's almost like you're throwing yourself into another body, another soul, another Life. Yeah. You'll see people like that are religious, make it like they're possessed by a thing. But I'm like, I don't see really a big difference. They Get possessed by a character like Daniel Day Lewis and there will be Blood. Yes. That guy is possessed by that character. Like I bet, I bet he created a past for that guy.


Of course. And had like moments that he made. He was Cobbling shoes and thinking through the fucking there will be blood guy that fucking Mind. Yeah. Yeah. But so that's what a lot of stuff is, is like you just take the power of that. I know, but you, you went on a long circuitous route from Zacharia Hitchin. Oh. So, and I want to go back to Zacharia Hitchin thing. 'cause You know, I had that guy Wesley Huff, who's a Bible scholar on the book. Yes. I saw it. Very interesting guy. Yes, I did. He Is very, very intelligent guy. He doesn't believe that Sitin could really read Sumerian. Oh Yeah. I was gonna ask, you were telling me that no one can read Sumerian. Yeah, Well this is what he was saying. And this is a guy that speaks and and knows many languages and is a legitimate expert in ancient Bible texts. Yeah. In in Aramaic.


He's he was explaining the difference between Arcadian and Sumerian and CUNY Offor. Yeah. Right. He's a legitimate language expert. And he said, I learned all these other languages, but Sumerian was so hard. I, it just doesn't work. I just couldn't figure it out. And he said, I don't think that Zacharia Hitchen could read it. I think a lot of people say they could read it and they're lying. He says, I think there's very few people that can actually read Sumerian text Who can, I don't know. He, You know, I'm, I'd like to ask him who can do it. I mean, there's courses You can take, but he says it's insane to grasp 'cause it's not connected to any other languages. He's like, there's a lot of these languages that are like similar to other languages and you can find patterns in them that are, he's like, it's so nuts.


It's so, so like when even we're getting like a translation of the epic of Gilgamesh. Right. Which was in, I think that was in Arcadian, right? Arcadian, yeah. Arcadian Rather Aian. That's before Sumerian or after, After they conquered Sumer and their languages sort of intertwined. He explained, but the who the fuck knows who, no one even knows what any of those words sounded like. No one can say it out loud. Which is so nuts. Like that language is so gone that you can't say it out loud. So when someone like Zacharia Hitchen comes along and he has his like detailed explanations for All the things that happened and that this planet called Nibiru had these beings called the Anki come to Earth and they genetically engineer humans and they knew about our solar system and all this.


I I don't know how he's getting that because other people aren't getting the same thing. And there's a, there's a website called Sit in Is wrong.com. And so I don't even know if this guy's right. This is the problem. I think this stuff is so weird. Yeah. The, the, the earliest versions of the or origin story of humanity are so weird that I don't think anybody really totally understands how to interpret them properly. I think there is lots of little groups that think that they have the ancient knowledge of it. Right. And it's almost like a Scientology zino scam. Right, Right. You're right. You know, like a, what do you call it? Mystery school? That's the the ancient, Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So all that is is a religion where I don't tell you what the belief is until you like a into deep to not believe it.


Right. It's Like that movie going clear when the, the writer, was it Paul Haggas, when he gets to like the top levels and he reads the fucking handwritten notes, he's like, what kinda horse shit, Dude. So how I got into looking into that shit was, I was like, okay, really wealthy people. I don't mean, I don't think Elon's the richest man in the world. I mean like the real like trillionaires. Like what's their z what is their Scientology that they're into? I just wanna know that. And it's very similar. Like Scientology is almost a knockoff light version of the Real Thing. So they make it like, oh it's the most sophisticated brainwashing. No it ain't, it's just one of many. It's just one of many. Well I think for a lot of people it helps them become successful. Yeah.


I think having a religious framework helps you become successful program. Think it's one, one of the keys to like these dagestan fighters in the UFC. Yes. Yeah. They're so religious and devout that they're so disciplined that they most, they don't deviate from the path at all. And because of that they just keep winning. Yeah. So my question is, who gave these priests back in the day, the sheet of Code of Passcodes. Right. Of one weird trick to get in her pants. That's a, some kind of ancient knowledge that these motherfuckers have. And oh, I'll tell you, another great channel is Windows on the world. 'cause this dude's talk, you know, Wallace Budge, the guy that supposedly Indiana Jones, I guess is supposed to be based on No. Oh well he wrote a malice has the book, it's Egyptian Black Magic or something.


Ooh. And it's all about crowd control. And so All the Pharaoh headdress, all that ridiculous shit they wear, there's a bunch of priests that are in breeding, it's almost like Dune in Dune, the Ben eRate were breeding the fucking people. Right, right, right. That that's that. And then there and you spend your whole day preparing for your death is the Pharaoh. And if you actually read the Book of the Dead, it's like not it's outta three amigos. It's like then the burning bush and you shoot your gut in the air. Remember three amigos. It's ridiculous. It's busy work and it, so you got a OCD culture now that you gotta, bro I have to do this and this and this and this for when the, when I get to the cross, the River Nile and the crocodile man asked me the three questions.


They would just do this pointless homework. Okay. And the priest controlled that. So I wanna know where the priest got the method of control from. Because I think that's what the big secret is that the Templars got is how to control crowds. Mm. And I think they, because it's Sovi like All the sports is that everything is a little pattern thing to like just keep you on the wheel of samsara forever. That does make sense. If you're talking about like the Egyptian story. Yeah. Of like going into the afterlife and all that stuff. Like they have it all mapped out. We got All the information, relax, go to work. Yeah. And then meanwhile the priest, right. And then, so this guy had a great, I think his name's Mark Windows.


Anyway, he had a great, something he said I had thought about a lot, which is Auten. So Auten, when he introduced monotheism, here's a way you can look at it. The industry of all these gods of polytheism had gotten so bloated, like the government had gotten bloated of priests where you're worshiping every little rock. Right? Right. And he was like, Hey look, we know there's the main God. He's like trying to cut government down. Like that was his big crime. That they buried him backwards and his weird shaped head. Yeah. He could be alien or they could have inbred him like a Hapsburg. I don't know if you know what happens, but people start to look like fucking aliens after you inbreed them enough, you know, and then you tie their skull up or whatever the fucking weird kill.


So I think his big crime was crossing the deep state of his time. Kind of. I kind of think that, but I think that what I wanna know is who are these people that have, they know the weird trick to do this and that and they think that they're entitled to do it All the time. Like what is that religion? But I think anybody that's in power thinks they should stay in power. Yeah. Like a mayor that's getting voted out. They think they should stay in power. Everybody who's in power wants to stay in power because that's the game. The game is to get to the top. The game is to get to the top where you're the one who gets it, ladies and gentlemen, the mayor of Dallas, Texas, Bob Smith. And he gets up there and says hi to everybody. It's the mayor, it's our mayor. He wants to stay that guy.


The Koreans call it squid games. Joe, have I told you about Tuco? But that's what it is. It's just a normal thing. And once you're in power, you wanna stay in power. And that's what we saw during this, this whole election. Yeah. Was that the people that were in power, we got to see, it wasn't even the guy. We thought it was the guy. We thought the guy once to get in power. So he's got the staff. Right. Why People are like, that's okay. It Wasn't even the guy, it was the people around the guy that we didn't vote for. Like this is crazy. If you're like a more sophisticated like NPR type fucking loyal Democrat. That's the kind of people that know that and think it's good. Like no, it's who he has around him that really counts. Oh, the ones I didn't vote for.


That's, it's so crazy. They say they like that, That a giant group of people that can easily be manipulated behind the scenes are now in control of everything and they just slide executive orders into front of this senile man. Yeah. Who, who was deemed not fit to stand for trial. Well that's what the problem with running a pyramid scheme is. You know, you're recruiting narcissist, sociopaths, the people that really succeed. By the way, every, every Are you talk about hawk to a coin Not, Is that what you meant? Well What I like about Hawk two coin is that a Veiled reference, no Hawk to a coin is to mag coin is strictly for Sigma Grind. Set alphas. What about Melania Coin? Yeah. Coffee. Dude, I wouldn't, how about how wouldn't mind get some Melania, How much do you think?


Cheers sir. How much do you think Melania coin's going for these days? Probably a lot. Yo, if Trump keeps promises, I'll bet the coin will go up. This is the way they'll compromise me. They'll come to me with a JRE coin idea and they'll explain to me. There's still NFTs out there. Dude. That was the best one. That one was like, you can't, you can't do it. You can't explain it to me in a way that makes sense. You can't, yeah. The only thing that makes sense is be because that's an NFT, but it's actually digital art people. That guy, the guy who made the giga Chad, the Elon Musk. That's jacked if you haven't seen that. Never. Oh, it's amazing. We should probably have that on the desk again. Was it distracting? Is that why we took it off the desk? It never totally, it's only ever been here. Really? Yeah. I thought we had it on, didn't we?


Oh, we had it on the desk unplugged when he gave it to us. Maybe. Yeah, yeah, you're right. It never was on a desk. But also that's the shibu inu. Oh I see. Yeah. Wow. So that Shibu inu coin is, how much is that worth right now this is what I, what we were talking about before, that if you put a thousand dollars into it when you started, it's worth like an inch a shit load of money now. Yeah. And I'm like, is that real money or is that like Dogecoin and this coin and fucking me Coin. It's all imagine Joe. Right. But that's what I'm saying, like is the $36 billion that bought the Trump coin, is that real money or is that a bunch of, did you sell Shibu Nuco to buy the Trump coin? Did you trade it in Trump?


I mean what? What Do you think? What is that? You believe it? Like what's going on? Well, if you do, I mean look, You can, But is that ultimately good? Is it ultimately good to have cryptocurrencies that aren't in, no one's in control of, maybe they're all volatile and crazy and moving all over the place, but it's not a central bank that's dictating the interest rates and telling you what you can do. You know what I mean? It's not something Called, well how, okay, lemme ask you this. How, how can I check to see that it's not controlled? Look at these giant spikes when people just fucking cash Out. 2021. So 2021, it was worth how much? A Lot more than it is now. Hey, $7. Where's Tua at? No, we check Tua. That's a 24 hour volume. There was $8 billion traded that day. Okay, so what is it worth at that time?


Not even, I mean, it's 0 cents. Oh wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. So What, why did I read that thing about people? That if you bought it at a certain point in, in Time, if you bought, if you bought here, which was January of last year. No, I think they were saying if you bought at the beginning, You know, well, yeah, it, it just depends on what day you bought. If you bought this date, you're fucked. Cause It wasn never been. So if you bought, but if you bought a thousand dollars worth at the beginning, what's that worth? Now That at I, can you calculate that? No, I don't know. Seven. I don't know. It's a lot. It's, the point was in this stupid thing, was they were just talking about the volatility of these meme coins. Yeah. How crazy it is. And that some of 'em actually prove to be profitable.


And so the question is, we have so many of them already. What? What's to stop people from doing it? Or their rule is it, it, I could see someone saying it's unbecoming for a president to make a big money grab and start a meme coin that I could see. I see that argument. But I, I, my question is, who's allowed to make them? If you have a shibu nu coin and a Doge coin, you know, a hawk to a coin, how many of them are there? Let's find that out. How many meme coins are there out there? And what's the rules? Like who, I'm not saying that anybody should or shouldn't be doing this, I wanna be real clear, but I'm saying what is going on here and how easy is it to make one of these things? And can anybody do that?


Yes. Yes. Yes. Anybody can do that. Yes. So is isn't that fucking weird? And is that weird and bad? Or is it weird and different? Or is it better than having an essential bank that's controlled by something that's supposed to be the Federal Reserve, but it's not federal. Okay, so you brought up gold. Right? So right here's the phases of magic first. Gold is his alchemy. And then dollars, which is sil magic. And now conation where we conjure it out of nothing. Right. You can make a coin. It's all Yeah. And if you're the president, you can make a coin. You can make $36 billion off that coin in a, in a day or two where it's worth or it was and it went up and down. That's where It gets real tough. 'cause he can't cash out. Right. If he cashed out, it would fall apart.


But couldn't you use that money that's in that account to get loans off of him stuff? You have To use it that day while it's still that valuable and know, you know, a smart person wouldn't do that. But imagine if you have Trump coin, let's imagine, I'm not saying that anyone's doing this, but if Matt, let's say we do a JRE coin and the JRE coin is worth $3 billion and we decide, okay, we're gonna take some of that money and not sell the coin, but use it as collateral for a loan to build a $2 million new studio. That, I mean, not for that, but essentially that's what the projects are supposed to be for. They're, they're launching a coin almost as a fundraiser, as a new way to be like a, a stock. But it's just not, it's not a stock. That's what Trump is.


That's what they're saying. See, I don't, okay, well that makes sense. Everybody's Got their own plans. That does make sense because then you are essentially crowdfunding the organization. And as long as he is not selling the, the coins, the question is like, when does it become a problem? Like, first of all, no one's making you buy into this, so it is what you say it's legal gambling. 'cause you're, you're, you're putting money in thinking you're gonna get more money. Okay. So you're gonna be able to find a moment where you're gonna cash out. And I know a guy who got fucked doing that, where his guy sold it at the wrong time and he lost a shit load of money. Does Oh, I thought you were gonna say he got cheated by the coin wallet he was in. No, no, No, no. Got fucked. That's The got fucked because he was trying to cash out and he he missed it.


Look, You're just not backed up If, if something goes wrong, you don't have the backup that you supposedly have with the other one. That's to me the main thing. But at the end of the day, you're gonna be part of the new Technocracy Inc. Energy currency. Yeah. You know, you know Technocracy Inc. The Canadian Yeah. Tech techno where the guys wear gray suits and they, and the whole thing was you're gonna have energy credits. Yeah. You always hear And it splintered into a lot of things. Right. You know, that's the one Elon's grandpa was in where they gave people number names that sound like we say kid named numbers Xh. They would do that. Yeah. But his grandfather left the guy. The guy was like kind of a phony and a loser. The main face man of it.


And but you still hear techno. But isn't the tech the techne? You heard of that? No. But isn't that a weird thing about people is that there's always al it always in every fucking stretch of the earth. Someone figures out like a system where there's a group of rules and laws. Yes. And there's gods and it controls people. You know why it's called? 'cause human nature is not good or bad. It's programmability. And so the first guy to figure that out is the guy that got to be the first priest. I bet. Well that's maybe he didn't figure out. Maybe somebody told him. Well That's how he turned someone into a soldier. That's how you turn 'em into whatever you need. Yeah. That's why we have the Prussian School of School. The teachers aren't there to know.


You're like, oh, these teachers don't, can't even pass an English test. And they teach English. Well, just so you know, the system was set up not for them to know shit. The system was set up with psych psychological things. So whatever rich guy is in charge that week, that's the psych. So remember common Core that everybody com All the liberals complained about Common Core. I don't have kids, so I didn't know how bad it was. But that's the bill And Melinda Gates are gonna be educating you now. Foundation's fucking thing. Right. And it's all psychology. They, they don't give a shit if you learn anything. Right. They give a shit if you're gonna be a problem. And the reason I know is they wrote it down openly. John Taylor Gato, you get all his books about education. Unbelievable. If you look, the Fauci book was interesting.


Wow. Really? Yeah. John Taylor got, he wrote a good essay called Against School. And so the history of it, see people die. People get old and die out. You got a new generation of suckers born that don't even remember. Right, right. But yeah, there were people shooting at the feds when they instituted public school. The, the whole idea of having someone like Rockefeller figure out the education system is so wild. Carnegie helped. Don't think it was an autocracy. Right. There was a few people involved. A bunch of of plutocrats. They had a design. They had a design. And that design could have been different. And who knows what we'd be like if it was dude. But here's the other thing. I think there's some aspect of school forcing you to sit in those classes.


Socialization, forcing you to pay attention. That, but, but there's some aspect of that that really gives you the motivation to not live that life. I, I, well that's how I felt. That's how I felt. I, I went in, when I went to school, I already could read. And so I, my I was more fully how you describe that thing. No, I was still pretty, I remember like crying 'cause I couldn't get in line. I didn't know the deal. But don't you think that's what makes like musicians, comics, artists, that's what makes it is like the resistance to want to be in that world. Oh, You know what I think it is? It's like, you know when they'd say how fo gras made, it's only bad fo gras made this way. But All the geese are like this and they're just force feeding poison into them to make their liver soft. And that's what we, it's Just grain.


They're giving them grain. It's so they Eat. Well, it's, that was a, it's not how good far gra is made at all. They treat them well to, or it wouldn't be good. Do You know that? Okay. But do you know that the, the ducks actually walk over to the feeder? Do You know? Yes. Gravitate. They want that to happen. I, because what I wanna saying have full bellies. I'm saying it's gross that they do it the way they do it. Yeah. They jam it. But the ducks want it to happen. No, I Know, but look, I I'm just saying that, You know, the Imaginary way, you know, Joe Bourdain told me that. I'm like, no way. He showed me a video. I was like, this is Great. Dude. Billy Voice had an article years ago about it. And the guy was like, look, if it was different, I tell you, but I'm telling you what I just saw. Yeah. But we're not in that good system. We're the ones from the story like this. And they force poisons in you. And then sometimes you lay golden eggs and that's what it is.


They, you're a medium, you're a big like a, a water balloon filled with blood. You know, they make snake venom where you, you, they bite the horse and they use the horse's hormones to make well, people are good. That's how we probably invented medicine, was using people with venom and then taking their fluids and making drugs out of it and shit. Like what? Yeah. You never heard of this? What are you talking About? How medicine was invented? Well, it was mostly the, the Rockefeller method was they were using oil. Right? Wasn't that like he converted Yeah. Pharmaceutical drugs to petroleum based production. I had a Little gold in it was that, Wasn't that like his di his Yeah. Under his direction. Oh Yeah. No, that's, dude, these eugenics didn't come from the Nazis.


It came from us. It came from our billionaires. And they're real into it Right now. RFK Jr is having his hearings. Oh dude, they, he's interfering again, new world order, not Alex Jones. That's the thing they said openly. Bill Clinton said it. You, you could tell who the whole gang is because they all said it. Then they change it to the rules-based international order. I every stupid like parrot phrase, I can never get outta my head now. Do you know what I mean? Like going back Iraq, they, the terrorists go to the sound of the guns. That fucking shit about why Iraq was a good idea. 'cause instead of attacking us, the terrorists will attack the soldiers in Iraq. Right. 'cause they go to the sound of the guns and you hear it three times and now it's a fact.


Democracy's on the ballot. Democracy's on the ballot. Yeah. Democracy's on the ballot. And then if I've been pre-primed, re primed properly with, you know, some good MK retard programming and I hear democracy on the ballot, I react differently than like your, you know, old people that still watch CNN who are just like, I heard democracies on the ballot. I might be triggered to go Sirhan Sirhan. What? Remember all those guys that went to kill Trump? Remember how weird they were? Yeah. The guy with two different color hair. Well, the first guy's the weird one because the first guy had like five phones. He, his house was professionally scrubbed. There was no silverware in his house. Yeah. He had no online social media profile. And he was 20 years old. Yeah. And he was in a Black rock commercial.


And he, there was some sort of metadata from a phone that traveled from outside of the FBI offices in DC to him on multiple occasions, his Folks were behavior modification therapists. Jeez. Is that weird? Hey, does he, I mean, I don't wanna tell tales outta school. Yeah. That's news Odd. It's a girl. Did I kill me? I mean, that guy was the perfect Lee Harvey Oswald. They'd scrubbed his past. There was nothing there, dude. Behavior. Wait, but you know how nutty that is if he pulled that off. Yes. That's, we were in his alternative timeline. We're in an alternative timeline. Seems Like the same old timeline to me. No, no, no, no, no, no. The timeline took two big shifts.


Mark Andreessen brought this up and I think he's totally right. Yeah. The first big shift was Elon buying Twitter. Yeah. That was a big shift. The second big, big shift was that bullet missing Trump. Those are giant Shifts. Well, yeah, that okay. The different timelines Trump Because then he wins. And then when he wins, and then now you're, he's trying to figure out what the fuck is going on. Look, It was all foretold in the Illuminati card game. I don't know if anybody knows about that Card. Did you see that thing that I sent you? I think I sent you, Jamie, where they were explaining how this new technologies mapped out 55,000 NGOs. Did I show it to you last night? Yeah. It looked like a, the galaxy, it looked like. It's so crazy. It's like there's a, what's An, an NGO non-government organization.


So That's the shadow government. Hey, what are these? So the government is funding non-government organizations. Yeah. This is what's nutty. So fractal technology maps previously hidden connections between 55,000 liberal NGOs revealing how tax dollars allegedly flow through major institutions like Vanguard and Morgan Stanley to groups like the Chinese Progressive Association. This breakthrough tracking system can now monitor every dollar going to every NGO exposing intricate funding webs that traditional tech couldn't detect. Example, black voters matter funds $4 million distribution network was invisible until quantum mapping revealed d dozens of subsidiary organizations.


The unprecedented mapping reveals a previously hidden web of financial relationships. So if you look at this crazy web of financial relationships and like, what, what is being done with all this money? It's just like shell corporations. It's like this convenient way to hide where All the money's coming from. And then this, this was a big part of what you were saying. Yeah. Like how much Kamala Harris spent in the 1.5 billion. A lot of it was to groups. Yeah. A lot of it was to NGOs. Yeah. A lot. Yeah. Literally, I mean, gets their payout. The Most egregious example, whether it's true or not, we don't, we we haven't been able to substantiate that celebrities were paid to endorse her publicly. It just looked like it from their faces and how they performed.


Well also like, it, it looked weird. Like the Beyonce thing was weird. People thought they were gonna go see Beyonce perform. Yeah. And Beyonce talks for 10 minutes and makes well, Great campaign $10 million have Hey, have Beyonce and don't have her do the thing. Yeah. Have her tell you her feelings and then leave really Quickly. Yeah. I ever tell you how to vote without singing the, but also it's like, did you really do that? Like did you really Once more. Yeah. Did you really fucking pay someone? And is that legal to pay someone to endorse you? That seems crazy. It sure is. To get like a famous person and look, it's one thing you want to endorse a a Toyota, you know, this is my truck. I really love these Toyota Tundras. They're so reliable. It's an awesome car.


But it's another thing to endorse a political candidate and to be paid for it openly. That seems crazy that, That that's Well, but we're fighting against Trump. The, the don't you understand Trump 50 cent turned down Donald Trump's $3 million offer to perform at Madison Square Garden rally. He still wants some Chelsea handler blowjob still. Yeah. Well that's how I read that. So I guess what this is saying is that the Republicans do it as well, but this isn't endorsing him. This is just performing. Yeah. Do I, I hope nobody has party loyalty here because you are a chump. If you do, you cannot go by the, look, we don't even know what a woman is. How are you supposed to know what a Republican is? But also that's not like a good audience for 50 cents. To be Clear.


He said it on a radio show and afterwards Trump offic or people on the campaign said that that was not true. But Mm. 50 cents. Oh yeah. You have to also figure in, they might just be saying bullshit. Boy, I'm, I'm getting sick of that. Yeah. Well, someone knows the truth. There's gotta be paperwork, you know? Yeah. There's Gotta be paperwork. You, I I mean I love the constellation. We had to use a quantum computer to figure out how would you see Planet, planet Biden family over in the other quadrant of the Yeah. Of all that money. Oh Dude, it's So weird that it's legal to just flow money around. And I think that's a part of this whole spending freeze, right? I mean, isn't that a part of this whole government spending freeze?


Well, I mean, look, I could believe that it's so out of hand that you had to invent an AI to figure out how much money's being stolen. Right? That's, I I can believe that. But Richard Grove from Grant Theft World Podcast has drawn a map of the connections of all and his are like, they're not like a a, you know, a cult or something. He just did All the research and has a map of it. And you can see All the little groups, they really do multiply like that. Like they're, they, they fractal. That's Wild. And it's Just so wild that there's so many of 'em. They do multiply and it creates this like, ecosystem of people that are there to support a very specific thing. Because their livelihood depends on A pyramid, if you will. Yeah. And, well, this is another thing that Did, did this happen or did someone propose banning federal workers from posting on social media?


And this was to prevent astroturfing. The idea was that They'll get around it. But this is the idea. The idea is there's no federal funds can be spent paying a federal employee. And that federal employee then pushes propaganda. Wait. But I thought we have, you know, military to do that for us. But The idea is they're gonna stop political parties from doing that. They're gonna say that you can't do that anymore. So you can't, you can't AstroTurf you can't like send a bunch. You have hire a bunch of people that send a bunch of things and you're paying them 'cause they do pay social media influencers. But you think they're gonna, they're gonna, You know, Heard of, You know that. Right?


They, they've offered, they've offered to pay people to endorse. This comes When I googled it, stuff about the Hatch Act keeps popping up. In general, all federal employees may use social media and comply with the Hatch Act if they remember the following three prohibitions on duty or in the workplace. Prohibition employees may not engage in political activity while on duty or in the federal workplace. So they, but they can do it when they get it home. I think this was something that Trump proposed. Oh. So pull pull that up. Be Yeah. Trump Trump's first order hit Workers construction Ag Federal judge. No, see if you find anything on that. 'cause someone was talking about it last night at the club and I said, I gotta find out if that's real.


That sounds crazy. And they were saying that it was to prevent astroturfing. Like, but if you say that federal employees, including like Congress people, they can't pro PO a OC can't post on Twitter. That's crazy. Yo, get rid of the Fs a court here. Here's some things on the list that I hope that he is gonna do. I I hope the FISA court thing that, you know, Tulsi had to be like, no, I'm for it now to maybe get appointed. Right. And I think they're not buy-in, she's for it or something. I don't know. I Don't You think that like the solution is that Of course everyone can post on social media. 'cause you have to be able to explain yourself and to, to limit someone's ability to explain themselves while they're a federal employee. That's a weapon that you could use against somebody. Yeah.


So they all have to be able to, but they should probably have to only post with their site. That probably should be a law. Like they can't have sock puppet accounts. They can't have bots. They can't be right. They can't hire a bunch of people to post stuff for them. Okay. That should be the thing. But if You're in that Smith Mu Modernization Act deployed to do that, what's who? You just compartmentalize it. So this one group can't do it. But don't worry, the Intel community is, is still gonna do It. This is the thing, this is the question. Like, should any, should there be a law against hiring a bunch of people to pretend that they're regular people and post stuff for you? You know? Well, I mean, I mean, should there be a law? Because I guess I have to go over it. Look, I hate dishonest motherfuckers.


So my knee jerk reaction is, Of course there should be. Right? But I'm sure like with every goddamn thing, like when I was really for the Patriot Act, because I was such a patriot, it turned out it wasn't about patriotism, it was about spying on you. Right. I found the, I don't, this is nothing about aban, but this is something in along the lines of what you're saying. Tweet About something like This. What is it? It's A subreddit called Fed News found that active worker or daily activity on their subreddit is high during the middle of the day. Oh, they're working from home is what they're saying. All the Tax dollars paying federal employees to post on Reddit. It'll make 'em come to the office. You'll fix half of that. Saying Yeah, they got, there's screenshots from federal Workers Post stop.


Go back. I, I couldn't see it the way it's federal workers posting their strategy to clog up the works and revolt embodies exactly why the US population is so eager to jettison so many of them. I don't know How Chad this is, But Well I'm sure it's, well there's a lot of people that are complaining about having to go back to work. The act of simple sabotage. I mean it's like these people don't need to read it. You, you, you've lived it yourselves. Go back to that. What, what is it saying? The act of simple sabotage. Yeah. You've seen how Put it up again, I don't know where you, the CIA has you covered with their art of simple sabotage manual. The main points can also be found here in case you would rather not be accessing a sabotage manual hosted by spy organization's website when said organization is now part of whatever the hell this administration is.


Oh, they Were good before. To summarize further, for anyone to lazy to click either link, organizations and conferences insist on doing everything through channels. Never permit shortcuts to be taken in order to expedite decisions, make speeches in quotes. Talk as frequently as possible and at great length. Illustrate your points in quotes by long anecdotes and accounts of personal experiences. When possible refer all matters to committees for further study and considerations. Attempt to make the committee as large as possible. Never less than five. Bring up irrelevant issues as frequently as possible. How wild is this haggle over precise wording of communications.


Yeah. Minutes resolutions refer to refer back to matters decided upon at the last meeting and attempt to reopen the question of the advisability of that decision. This is crazy. Well, that's an old manual that they're passing around online now. It's been out for a while. And see how it accurately describes everything that's going on around you. Advocate, caution, be reasonable and urge your fellow con, con con to be reasonable and avoid haste, which might result in embarrassment or difficulties later on. Wait, I thought the Soviets were doing this. This Is so crazy. Yeah. Remember the speech by the Soviets demoralized.


So what is this called? These motherfuckers? This Is, this is like another Reddit post about federal workers or something like that. And that's what I was trying To, and making work assignments. Always sign out the unimportant jobs first. See that important jobs are assigned to inefficient workers. Oh boy, this works really well. The fire department. This is so crazy. The LA fire department really could use this info. Is this real? That's What I'm gonna try to find out. Yeah. This is old though. You didn't know about this. What is it called again? It's like a manual to overthrow countries for the cia. A I'm trying to explain. I understand. Go back. Just I, I understand comments On a post that someone even commented on another post and that's why I gotta figure Out. Right. But what is it titled When you click on the first one? Yeah. That one supervisor Told us to stop posting on Reddit.


The ci? No, the Simple Sabotage Act. Oh that's not a simple, the art of Simple Sabot. Manual. Yeah. Manual. It's part of what they're writing. But this was the manual. Yeah. So what we're reading is straight from the manual. Yeah. Maybe That's again, Thing the art of Simple Sabotage manual. It seems like a way that's a, to clog up up the gears of society. And look, if you're, if you're a George Soros type character and you're funding these ultra liberal progressive das to l leak crime back out onto the streets and be as lenient as possible. You're, you're do like that would be a way to do the same kind of thing. Like you create more Camps. Yeah. Such as him. The same thing is keeping the border open. Yeah. Don't check no one let the gangs in. Have sanctuary cities where you don't even arrest the gangs. How, How much do they gotta do it on purpose before you figure it out?


Well It seems so on purpose when Trump cleans it up like that. And that's when you know, That's when you know the art of simple sabotage. So this is on the CIA's website. So Jamie, now your computer is fucked. I can't believe you click that link. Son of a bitch. Dude, they tell you the stuff they do All the time. That's the thing. Nothing is classified that. I mean it is but it's not. They tell you, they tell you and then forget About it. So they were teaching people to do their jobs badly. OSS it's like when you're on a union job and they're like, Hey, slow down mafia Making a slow back. It's All the mafia. Everything's mafia. Those are mafia tactics Rules. S radical. Did you ever read that book? Yes. They, Glen Beck used to bring it up, but the way he made those people fart a lot in the theater. It was like the end of dirty work.


Yeah. This is really interesting. A telephone at the office hotel or a telephone switchboards delay putting calls through, give out wrong numbers, cut people off accidentally or forget to disconnect them so that the line cannot be used again. Yeah. We have AI to do that now. They, They were doing this like way back in the day trying to make things work Shitty. It's Demoralizing, isn't it? It's Demoralizing. And it, it keeps people from figuring out that you're doing something. Yeah. If you live in East Palestine, Ohio. I bet that was very demoralizing. What a fucking bizarre world we live in. That's, this stuff is being revealed now for the first time in mainstream life. Because all throughout history, if you were talking like this, if we were in the eighties and you were talking like this, you're a fucking crazy person.


Yeah. Well here's what's funny. The term conspiracy theory, lest we all forget, came outta Alan Dulles at the CIA after they murdered JFK. Yeah. And he told his minions in the press to keep saying conspiracy theory. Yeah. So that's where we got that from the pe I mean that's mind blowing. Yeah. And people didn't want to be labeled a fool. So he didn't wanna be labeled a conspiracy theorist. And so it shut down the conversation. Well Did he should tell that to the judge when he goes in Right. On his Rico. Your Honor, this is just a conspiracy theory. You know, how come that's a crime you can be prosecuted for? I call it a collusion theory. Yeah. Remember they started saying collusion 'cause they burned the word conspiracy. So they had to say Trump. 'cause what you're accusing of is conspiring with Russia.


But they had to keep saying collusion 'cause they made that term suck for intel purposes. Right. Right. And every time they change the brand name. So UAP it's 'cause they go in the water. We have to change it. Do you? That's why Oh No. It was the, the word got muddy. Yeah. The word got muddy. The word UFO got brought. Who Muddied the word by the way again? Refresh me on who muddied the word. Oh, you Assholes. No, a lot of things muddied that word. The people in charge UFO but was also muddied by crazy people. Oh, I know. They're useful to help muddy waters. Yeah. Listen man, they do it on their own. There's a lot of people that do it on their own. Well, okay, once you tell the first lie Yeah.


All kinds of speculations are gonna happen. Why the fuck are you allowed to keep these secrets? Motherfucker? I I know I'm supposed to go. Oh, it's a complicated world. Yeah. Lying does complicate the world. That's true. A lot. That's true. Like Guess if they do have secrets. That's true. But what I'm saying is that the UFO stuff was muddied up with the same reason why the Loch Nest stuff was muddied up. It was brought, it was like people that got high at parties and annoyed the shit out of you with Nessie stories. You know, you're like, enough, you're a fool. Okay. You're wasting all your time paying attention to something that's not real. Yeah. It's a wheel For you. UFO got put into that category for a long Time. Well that's where you hide it. Here's where you hide things. But, but this is the thing that happened.


They shifted it in 2017. Yeah. So in 2017, when the New York Times makes that report, now all of a sudden this is a real story. Was Covid happening yet? Not yet. No. Oh, 2017. Oh Good. This is So we got prepped for maybe some disclosures. Yeah. Yeah. I think that they needed to do that in order to slowly leak what they already have. I want to know how they're gonna tell anybody anything. Because here's why you gotta keep a secret for a long time. The secret's real bad. So how am I gonna tell? It's like somebody's cheating on their girl with a horse. No sir. Interesting evil shit. You were lying to Congress. So if you lied to Congress, you're in trouble. They own Congress. But But this is the thing.


If it comes to a trial and it gets exposed. Right. Some people get, look, some people get sent down the river. You know, some people get sacrificed. That's probably what happened with Epstein. Right. People Get Of course get sacrificed and fucking hug Hefner made it to the end. People Get sacrificed. He's a good operative boss. Hog served with distinction. Yeah. You know Boss Hog was CIA That's why said that. Yeah. You were telling me that last night. That is so crazy. Tell He spoke five languages. He went to Yale. He was a boss Hog for the digs of hazard who played a moron And his Yeah. And, and he was, it was Strom Thurmond and somebody else he didn't like. That's the voice he was doing for Boss Hog. And he's wearing a padded suit. He's not even fat I don't think. No way. He's a bones man.


Boss hog. Yeah. Bone. It's skull bones you mean? Yeah, he Was skull bones. Yeah. I think he was Vietnam. He served in on, I Find a boss hog on the Dukes of H. Nobody says, I've never heard any bad like nk shit about him ever. By the way. So Are you allowed to play Hogan's Heroes on tv? 'cause they have a bunch of swastika Swastika Allowed to. Yeah. Well I mean, chase Bank has a swastika, so why can't they Here He was, You know, chase has a swastika for a logo. Right? What? Hold on. Yeah. Look at hold please. One step at a time. You're you're scattering on me. Brooke was fluent in English. French, Japanese. Spanish, Russian and Italian. Yeah. Holy shit. They also said that he fussed with a half a dozen other language such as Arabic, Mandarin, Chinese, Dutch, Parisian, Persian rather Polish and Swedish.


Yeah. One of his hobbies was moving into and restoring rundown houses. In 1981, he lived in a modest home on a modest street in Los Angeles where he did his own gardening and carpentry. He called his boss hog character. Despicable. But enjoyed meeting fans of the show. I did not like Thurmond Character. Despicable. He's 5 6 180 5. Oh that's crazy. I didn't, Yeah, Well actually that probably. Oh, he did wear, he wore padding to seem fatter. Could just google like a, a scene boss hog on Dukes of H. Let's watch a scene. He was definitely a little fat. Yo. I think Bob Odenkirk got his impression of southerners from when I used to watch Mr. Show. I think he was doing Zo. I might be wrong.


My, my question was, you can't show the Dukes of Hazard anymore because of that fucking general agent. There's Just some good old boys. Never mean no harm Like a Detroit assembly line. Now let's see what color you got here. Oh, orange. I like this. That's good. What's this one? Blue. That's pretty. What color you got here? Red. I hate red. Look what you gave to me. Hey. Hey boss. Hey boss. Hey rescue. You dodo. Listen boss go hit. I just come in and report And what a horrendous gunshot wound. How come you're still standing? Alright. Which one of you cutthroats gunshot the boss in the gizzard. Huh? That's go bus. Can You hush up your dodo?


What? That's just pink. What? See Hey, that's just pink. Yeah. This shows you the evolution of culture. 'cause that might be one of the dumbest scenes I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. It's amazing that this was a popular show. He's mocking a guy he doesn't like with that voice. I know. But the show like Moon Tunes Show's terrible. It's so bad. Go back and look at All the eighties movies you ever watched. Oh yeah. And the messages are kind of strange at That show. That show's so bad, dude. Like at least that scene in that show is so bad. But the point is that because of the General Lee, because of the Confederate flag that they pulled it off a television. Yeah. Right. So you don't see it anymore. Which is like, I heard Bill Cosby bought it, so he couldn't watch it.


Didn't he? He did that with something, right? The little rascal supposed, I don't know if that's true or not. I don't know if that's true or not either. That was All these, look, all these rich people, they get to a level like your, your Rockefeller. We have pr Thanks Rocket. 'cause nobody liked that motherfucker. And so they invented PR to help sell him. Right. And that's why we have Who's your favorite billionaire? Right? So you're like, people hate Elon Musk. I'm like, oh, which billionaires do you like? Are you like Gates? Yeah. Bezos. I, you should pick one, like a futile Lord and you should serve under them and fly their banner and you could do it with these. Great. Now I serve Hawk to coin. I dunno if I brought that up, but my lady to it.


That's the programming is so obvi and Disney's not gonna be woke anymore. We're gonna go back to Bavarian Fairy tales. It's all Nazi shit. The whole, every single thing. And you, the programming is the Prussian school. We brought Nazis after the war. They helped us go to the moon at nasa. Right? Yeah. Was everybody just moving on from that? You think they shot JFK? 'cause not Nazis. Like CIA's covering for Nazis. And what if j if JFK gets rid of the CIA, who's gonna protect the Nazis? You don't think they would be super smart Guys? Well, I think there's a whole bunch of factors like we talked about. No, It's a Corporation with the special forces guys.


There's a whole bunch of factors that wanted to get rid of him. Yes. Shell companies. He was, he seemed to be doing a lot of the same kind of things that this administration's kind of doing. Like trying to clean house. They try to shoot Trump twice. Yeah. That's what's nuts about the, the whole JFK story is that he like openly talked about getting rid of the ccia. A I know, looking back now, it feels kind of stupid that I thought they didn't kill him. Now I'm like, why would I think who else would've done it? Like, You know, maybe it's the mob, maybe it's the something like, oh it's a, it's, it takes a village. You know? Yeah. If Why would you only have one guy do it? Especially back then, like back then it was so easy to keep a secret in comparison to that.


Well, how did, how did, what's his name, Lee Harvey Oswald get out of Russia with his, the, the daughter of a, what are they? SVU. So their intelligence agency, military intelligence. The daughter of of a, somebody from that. Yeah. Who got, who the hell got him in and out. Well that's when we worked with Reinhardt. Galen from the Ss remember when we merged Right. All that project Gladio shit. Pretty much everything. Like every, everything you hear about the Devil's Chess board in that book. Those are, that's when we merged with the fucking Nazis. And they're, but they were like good WEF Nazis. Like, do you know what I mean? They think globally, they act locally. Well it's all fact, you know, operation Paperclip is a real thing. Well We should forget about it and just not connect it to anything.


I think, I think it would be best if you didn't connect things. It's funny that people don't want to admit it. It, it is interesting. It's interesting like that, that it's so it puts so many other things into question. Yeah. Well now that I don't believe in God, I got nothing. So I gotta believe in this forever, don't I? Now that I know I'm a scientific materialist and I know there is no God. 'cause you what, what else can I rely on except the, the promise of transhumanism. One day I will be a robot man. Yeah. That's a, these fucking weirdos say this shit. There is no na dude. When I'm watching Bad Thad on here go. There is nothing, there's no essence of anything. It's all like not, you know, just name it and claim it. I'm like, do you know how insane that is?


What just came outta your fucking mouth? But they think that And he told you, well, it's just intellectual gymnastics. They're just doing intellectual gymnastics. They're playing around with ideas and they think they're smart enough. Their ego is so silly that they think they're smart enough to take in a logical thing and promote it as logical. 'cause it makes them look like a contrarian or like an an abstract thinker. Yeah. Well how do you make your money and then yeah, you Make your money by being a bullshit artist. So if I'm pretending to be a rebel Yeah. If I'm wanna shape, if I'm a Bill Gates, that's just so concerned about the health of the children of the world, you know, I mean, he's a good guy that wants to help. It's not just about the money. It's about my fucking Pharaohs tomb. I should have.


I'm gonna fucking get people like that that care about the money and they're gonna be under me in my little pyramid. Isn't it Interesting that we always know that that has been the case throughout history, but we don't wanna believe it's happening with the elites of the world now. Like in our minds, we wanna separate the people of today from the people of the past that did the same thing over and over and over and over again. Yeah. Throughout history. Hey, I Don't wanna believe I'm bold, but guess what? I gotta wear a hawk to a hat wherever I go. Name it and claim it. So You were saying that the HOK tool girl has gone missing. Is this true? No, I don't think she, I she probably hasn't posted online. I think now's the time to get in. But Jamie was telling me she's supposedly missing. But it's like when Sury Cruz was missing, Didn't she make a statement saying she had no idea what the fuck was going on?


Like she didn't understand Yo coffee. Zillow had a thing about it. Like the, the dude Dkng Hollywood or whatever. He's married, he's married to Howie Mandel's daughter. He's known for go starting these up. So it's like a George Foreman grill. George Foreman didn't invent a grill. Right. They're like, this is your grill George Foreman. Right. That's what they did with Hawk Tua. How much, how many different crypto coins are there? Jamie? Did we find that out? I It's honestly it took, it's it's innumerable. I want to be dead ass. Like innumerable. I say that again By that. Who could be a million? Yeah. I Mean you can start, we could start 10 right now and they could all be called the same thing. Now do you like Boy Hawk Tua K how much money are you putting Behind it? But this is the thing. It's like if you were a a, a crazy person that invested in NFTs.


I Am. If You, if you are one of those people that gets in on these things, like why wouldn't you get in on this stuff? It seems like some people are probably, you're Probably better Now. Just like some people are professional poker players. This Is what I was That's exactly what, that's exactly it. There's A coin called fart coin that started up Can You, that has, it's like a billion dollar market Cap. Can you? But how it was started, I was trying to get into was someone turned onto like an ai, maybe two ais and gave it some parameters and it created this coin and so then someone launched it. Oh, that's the thing. My buddy they Launched now it's worth a billion dollars. But like It why it's that is All the parameters and the project and everything it's supposed to do. And what they're supposed to do is all laid out here on this website, which almost all of them are.


I think you're supposed to have that. Okay. But here's the big question though. Where's the money coming from if it's worth a billion dollars? Is that real money? Has someone spent a billion dollars? Yeah, someone fronts a billion. Like if in theory, if you think there's a billion to start, someone put a billion. Is that true? Yeah. Oh, you have To. It doesn't come from nowhere. Wait a minute. Really? So you can start a coin, but you need a billion dollars of real money. That's the pump. Jesus Christ. You, you got a pump before you can dump. So it's Actual money. Oh, that's a good rule of thought. Or is it crypto money? This is the question like I was saying, like does the Trump coin, did people take their shibu inu coins and buy Trump coins? Do you do? Is that it almost Doesn't matter. Look, Wait, wait, wait, wait. It does matter because if you put it on your American Express card at the end of the month, you're gonna have to pay.


In order to do that though, you have to make, in order to do what you just said, you have to make, you have to go through an exchange to exchange it into a coin. Back then you're exchanging, you Know, he sound like poor dad from Rich Dad. Poor dad. I've never watched that. Oh Well Rich Dad says go into debt. That guy's a billionaire in debt. Has you ever seen Rich Dad Poor dad? No. His real story is so much better than his fake story. Yeah. It's so interesting. Here's my advice. Don't go into debt. Well that's what poor dad real freedom To say. Real freedom is the ability to do what you want when you want to do it. And My rich dad told me, only poor people work. See, you only had one dad. Right. I The deal too, I think Trump send with something about a billion dollars.


Like if, if I owe you a billion dollars, it's Your your problem. It is. It's your problem. And can you say he's wrong and that's why I look. Yeah. Oh my God. Well some of these are pumping dumps. But I say Hawk two is a keeper. That's the weird thing about getting wealthy, is you have to meet other wealthy people. Yeah. And so imagine like, hang out With them. It must be fucking weird. It's so weird. Yeah. It's so weird because I'm pretty normal. Like I've I'm pretty much the same person. Well we'll get to to you pretty much. I'm like a better version of who I used to be. That's what I strive to be. That's what I think I am. Yeah. So if that's the case, like what, what, what is the draw of like being a part of like these elite groups?


'cause people wanna like be a part of this. You want be in the secret media. Want To get as much power as possible. Yeah. You want to go to the conferences and speak at the conferences and be around all these other rich ballers and rub elbows with All the elites. Have a drink and then Yeah. And you wake up and I show you a god your liver's on right up a tub and or you're in a tub with a Gunther kid. Yeah. And then and now I own own you you motherfucker. Yeah. And then now you're Oh how this person just starts singing a different tune out of nowhere. Right. How much of you that you seen? Right. Lot. It's really odd. Almost as if somebody had something on him. Isn't it a little weird? It gets weird what Happened to Bernie. But that's a broken man. I wonder what they to him, Didn't he he didn't he just tweet something ridiculous? He better or else something's gonna come out he don't like that's how I take it.


He tweeted something ridiculous. I read that. I was like, this is does not even make logical sense Dude. All these people saying shit. That makes no logical sense. You know, opinion. If you're motivated, you'll say the shit that makes no. If you're properly motivated. One of my favorite things was when the Bernie people were mad at Bernie for making money off of his book. 'cause he made like a million bucks off his book. Yeah. Right. And they're like, oh you're a part of the problem now. Yeah. No he was, his part of the problem happened in legislation. Not in the book part. I Think he Is. That's pretty honest actually the book. 'cause most of them get paid out the ass. I think the idealistic perspective of what he was trying to do makes a little bit of sense. Yeah. Well that's why they pick a guy and he's the guy that's allowed to say that. But he ain't going to back it up.


Well They were worried that he was going to, they were worried that he was gonna be able to make it into the actual White House, which is why they sabotaged him in the primaries. Yeah. They were worried. And that's why. But don't that's he would've thrown It's My first attacks. Yeah. The when CNN said that my show was sexist and racist and transphobic. Those Bernie bros phobic. And that's a real thing. Oh that's a catchphrase. A Bernie bro. Right. You turn 'em into a a scumbag, you turn 'em into like a or a clown. A Bernie bro. A broad, well You can get identity, see identity politics. The great part of that is You can take Yeah. Instead of talking about shit that matters, You know, the economics, let's say. Right. Right. You can talk about shit that doesn't matter, which is your outer shell. Yeah. And You can pretend and you can turn the superficial into the most.


And that's where we live now. Yes. And MK retard land. Yeah. I mean gold. I could see how they start using gold. It works Well it's not as old as I thought it was. Which kind of throws my whole fucking theory into a monster ranch. You can't spell gold without old. That's what we say in the gold business. It still doesn't make sense to me that even thousands of years ago, we all agreed on these stupid metal coins. But it does make sense that you kind of need something like if it just logically They probably had a prehistoric Jekyll island where the cave cave JP Morgan and the rest of the boys met and then they're like, we're gonna use gold from now on. You know, it used to be salt.


Salt. They used to go to war For salt. Yeah. That's why I never believe, and I think it's not true about salting the earth to make crops not grow. Like can you imagine you Roman and they're like, you got done with the battle. Like all right, we're gonna dump, let's say your pay. Right. Can we not dump my paycheck on the earth? Like a ray's gonna wash it away. Salt was worth so much money. 'cause you could preserve meat with it. Yeah. Otherwise you couldn't have meat. 'cause they didn't have refrigeration. So they would take everything they would cover with salt. So salt kills bacteria. I should probably eat more salt to preserve my meat. Well People think that salt lowers your or makes your blood pressure higher. There's like so much. Yeah. Stupid shit that's connected with Salt. It turned out was the thing that where they pay to pretend. It's not that, You know, like your, your fructose and your Well it it got lumped into that whole thing where they were trying to connect saturated fat and heart disease.


Yeah. Cause it wasn sugar companies. What You lived through when they flipped the polls on what's good and bad, like several times. Well that one's documented. Right. 'cause that one they actually, they bribed scientists, the sugar industry bribed scientists to lie. Yes. And so that flipped it on. And then they were looking for other reasons why people were getting fat. Other reasons why people were having hypertension and all these different things. And salt got thrown into the mix there. But the problem is salt's an central mineral. Yeah. It's like a very important thing for, for human life. Yeah. Like carbon. Yeah. You fucking actually need it. You You should put salt in your water in the morning. Take some Celtic salt, sprinkle it in some hot water in the morning and put it like squeeze a little lemon in there.


It's fucking good for you. Salt salt's very important. You should never get any sun. Right. That's what I was told. Yeah. You should get sun super get No sun on. Super important. This idea that then the bad skin cancer that people get from what I've Makes sense. Jimmy had it. He he was explaining the whole fucking thing He did. It's like a Yeah. Yeah. He had the little, the kind that where you, it's not, it's no big Deal. Yeah. And the kind that's bad. Generally you get because you're not exposed to the sun Boy, what a, what a Blooper. When you get exposed to the sun in like a big burst and your skin's not prepared for it. It What a blooper they made with that one. They, That was so many things man. With the downplaying the, the, the positive impact of exercise and diet on health. Do you wanna pretend that all health comes from a fucking injection?


Wait do you think that was even? How about that? How about global health people? The people that are aren't healthy. How about that? How about look at them and you go, that guy's not healthy. You Don't wanna fuck Peter Hotez like, ew. RFK, he's 70 and he looks like that. And look at this fucking, Well he's, when I had Peter Hotez on and we talked about food and diet, I was like this is the most crazy unscientific per I was very kind to him about it. But I was like, you don't eat well and you don't take vitamins. Yeah. Take that lab pill off Motherfucker that crazy. And you don't exercise that. This is crazy talk. Yeah. This is absolutely crazy talk because there's a fucking giant amount of scientific literature on the positive impact of all those things.


So if you are not addressing that science and your only science is I have to stick you with a fucking experimental needle And I happen to make the thing that we stick in you. Yeah. I happen to be a guy that makes money off that. But don't worry about that. You think I would promote it if it wasn't the best thing. Jesus Christ. It's just we don't want to believe that that's how people in positions of authority would ever behave. Because the responsibility that comes with being in that position where you're the person that informs everybody else and you, you are knowingly going through this with fucking huge blinders on that. Even when you get exposed, you don't realize, oh it really is hypocritical of me. Yeah. You know, I should actually supplement my food with vitamins.


I should stop eating garbage. He's like a junk food junkie. He was talking to me about getting junk food. Yeah. But he likes to get cheeseburgers and fries. Like, Hey buddy, that's so bad for your immune system. All that stuff is terrible for you. That's your diet. I read time. I think it was Time magazine that said actually processed food probably isn't that bad. Isn't that, isn't that funny? They said that, you know, one of the most re recently thing they said actually aluminum in in vaccines isn't a bad thing. I thought there was no aluminum in Wait, I thought they said there was none of that in there. No, there is. There has to be. Hey, Here's one, there has to be an irritant. So I, you know, I was in a doomsday call. You know Jehovah's Witnesses predicted famously the end of the world. Yes. 1977. And boy that was embarrassing when that didn't happen. Huh?


What jerks And and then meanwhile climate change has predicted the end of the world. I can think of like four times off the top of my fucking head. So now they have a worse record than Bible people. The climate prophecy is less reliable than the crazy religious people. Well not even Bible people, Jehovah's witnesses, Everybody. Like a lot of people Harold camping and predict the end of the world. That's embarrassing. But Al Gore made a fucking movie that wasn't right. The coral reefs were supposed to be gone, but they're back now. Yeah. The rainforest. As a kid, I was afraid about this. There's more than ever because it turned out they breathe carbon tree. I never heard of this. Have you? Yeah. The trees breathe carbon.


Yeah, That's What I heard. Oh. Oh, it's gonna be a desert. Why? 'cause there's too much oxygen for the trees. There's too much tree air. Oh, There's more. The earth is greener now than it was a hundred years ago. Oh, fossil fuels. Remember they, we were talking about oil. So that's Sinclair with the brontosaurus on the can. Right. And that was to, that's marketing. Yes. That's, if you look up Colonel pr Pratt, P-R-O-W-T-Y, he's like a guy that hung out when they came up with this energy pol cause it wasn military come up with our energy policy. Right. And that Rockefeller made his money really kind of transporting the oil. 'cause there was oil every, all over the fucking place. So a guy's gotta control all like diamonds, let's say. Right. And then cause it wasn, it governs like everything, your energy.


Right. They could just control all kinds of shit. And then they could say it's scarce and we don't have enough of it. And then they could do your carbon footprint, invent BP came up with that term and people say it like an asshole, oh, is my carbon, not their carbon print. Have a big one if you want, but your carbon footprint. Like I sh like, like I'm Catholic now, but of climate change. Right. What's Your sins? Well, why was I born? Right? I shouldn't even be on the earth. I'm so bad for existing. Why don't I find Jesus if we're gonna do that game right, where I feel guilty for being around for carbon. Well, guys on a goddamn plane, private jet telling me that. Well, it offsets it all his global health Work. Yeah. That church thought that you could offset Satan with by paying for it.


And then they had a schism. I think so. I think it didn't work out. The fucking Al Gore movie was so wrong in so many ways. If you go back and watch that movie, didn't he say about like 2005, the fucking polar ice caps were gonna be gone. Like the whole thing was so nutty. Yo More shit's coming true at a dumb ass revelation book in the Bible than anything Al Gore said. Is that disturbing? It's Very disturbing. I mean, if you like, It's very disturbing. Yeah. Like they wrote it and or fulfilling it themselves. Disturbing is how it feels like to me. Like, Dude, it's, but it's one of those things like you're a vaccine denier, you know? Good. It's the same kind of thing. You, You know what I'm saying? Did you deny if you, if you're climate denier Yeah. Yeah. You, you denied Christ. Yeah. Well, Fauci Hass got the, what do they call it? The Jesuit look, the wire glasses.


And that You could see it like transferring that weird cath Robin D'Angelo. She said it. I want my Catholic guilt to be your policy on race now. Oh dear. And then, so it's like, you're racist 'cause you were just born a Caucasian. You have to understand that. So, because you can't help but you're racist. I need you to be racist against yourself from now on. That's what they were teaching. And you're like, okay. The, the people right now that are still on Fauci side, that still think he did a great job. Yeah. And that he was, there's still people out there that really think that, hey, he didn't know about the lab leak theory and that he didn't, didn't coerce people into changing their stories and didn't have the, a power to grant money. They're not gonna look And they're not gonna look into it. They're Not gonna look into it.


They, they think that Trump is an evil man because all Fauci did was do a good job. Oh. And he saved millions of lives. Do you know that the vaccine saved millions of lives? You gotta repeat that. It did. It saved millions of lives. Not even arguably in there. It's gonna work millions And millions of lives. Yeah. Well, I, I'm surprised just because after I got it, I immediately got covid. So I'm a little surprised. Well, here's the thing. It slowed the spread. You're not scientific and you don't trust the science. I did. I did. And that's why we're having an argument about this. Yeah. And I have to clap back at you. I think this is called clapping back. Yeah. A James clap back from James clapping. It is a CIA invention. You give him a clap back.


We don't even know how many people Saved. I didn't say Hunter's laptop was Russian missing? I said it had the earmarks of a information operation. Yeah. And someone who's on crack, who just films his dick. 24 hours a day's a legend does have the earmark legend. Yeah. I mean, the guy did it so wild that it seems fake. Why Is Hunter not a political streamer with this level of de degeneracy? He really should have a fucking Twitch channel. He would rule Dude Hunter, just play. Just go hard. Your dad's dead. Go hard now You can go hard now get back on the wagon. His piece soft. Let me tell you nothing to sneeze at. He took a lot of China knows. Now I'll Tell you that everybody knows. Everybody knows. But they knew already. That was one of the reasons why they were paying that guy. Like Why did Biden Pardon Biden's that I've never heard of.


Because they were all built guilty, Apparently. Yeah. And why I didn't know banks were reporting suspicious activity. You know? 'cause he has, you know, the Shell Company Galaxy, He has a bunch of suspicious activities. By the Way, normal person has 20 shell companies. I dunno if you know that I have 80. Yeah, well you're smart. I keep 'em in my pocket. What? These shell companies? Yeah. The whole idea behind a fucking full pardon? There's almost none left. You want some more? I can get more made. No, I I probably enough. But go Ahead. The whole idea behind pardons is supposed to be, there's a crime that you did that we think you served enough time and the president has enough information or they, whatever they say, you're admit admitting To it.


Well, it's like this weird power that you have to commute sentences and pardon people for crimes, alleged crimes that were, they were convicted for. Do you know the, the Justice Department under Biden, as they so eloquently said to the January 6th people, if you accept, because remember they were like, Trump's gonna do preemptive pardons. Remember that? Right. Biden would never do that if we recall. And they, they got letters just so you know, if you accept the pardon, that means you're saying you're guilty. And it doesn't unring. This is the quote unring the bell of your prosecution. And they're right. It doesn't because now, and that's what, what's his name? What he was talking about with Fauci. Like, you can't plead the fifth ever again if you take a pardon. That's what we were talking about last night. So Fauci is gonna rat people out.


That's cool. I hope we stick with it. If they bring him in and they make him sing, the thing is like he could perjure himself. Like if you, if they know something and you say something that is not true on the stand of, you lie on the, if they determine now you have a whole nother crime. Yeah. And the thing that they didn't pardon him for is the stuff that happened during the AIDS crisis. I don't know what the statute of limitations on that stuff is. Yeah. But if you go back and you want to try him for what he knew, I mean, this is the Dallas Buyers Club. If you want to try him for what he knew about suppressing other therapeutics other than a ZT or if you knew that he had the data on a ZT and how quickly it was killing people. Yeah. Well once you do the first batch of mass murder, it's easy to go from there, isn't it?


But In the 1980s and nineties, like no one knew what the fuck was going on. There's no internet. There's no Yeah. RFK junior spreading the word with his book. Like no one gets that information. So that happened for a long ass time. And then when he tried to do it again in 2019, the single fucking solution is the vaccine. And the vaccine. Only people will drop their ideological bullshit, get vaccinated. You know, Matt Orit does those great compilations of him saying the opposite and the same breath. Oh, He's crazy. It's, that's a, a person that's in extreme position of power, they probably got drunk with it And you know, and is able to justify a lot of wild shit. Okay. The way they can justify it is, is because most of these people are controlled by some kind of intel.


Hopefully ours, but maybe not. And they, yikes. We still make do gain of fun. Hey, good news. We do gain of function and with China our adversary still, I don't know why that would be, But wasn't that also the talk about Ukraine? That Ukraine had bio weapons last peaceful? No, no. They had, let me quote peaceful bio labs. Oh, peaceful. Now I don't know if you know the nuanced difference between a peaceful biolab and a bio weapon lab, but it's real nuanced. Peaceful biolab is where they grow mushrooms. That's right. Buy my mushroom gums. Yeah. It's the, of the company. Peaceful Biolab. By the way, if mushrooms become legal, somebody please make a, make a product called Peaceful biolab peaceful lab.


They'll be fun. Like, and like, you know, it's like a, a tribute to the show. Yeah. Well I love in the Korean War, those soldiers didn't wanna come home. Right. And this is what started the mind control race and the Manchurian candidate and all those movies was these soldiers wouldn't come, come back. They defected to North Korea and they said the United States has been using weaponized viral, you know, germ warfare on the people of Korea. And so that's when we knew they must be under mind control to say such nonsense. Right. There's no way the government would do that. Yeah. So we knew on other people. So that's how we knew for sure. That's what it was. And so that started a nice mind control race. And that's why you, we have the story of the Manian candidate because China was go whoever the fuck was gonna do it.


Guess what? When you hear about what our enemies are up to, that's how we fund what we're up to by sp scare. Oh. They don't wanna tell people the truth because it'll panic them. When the fuck do they not want you panicked? Is this a different government that I haven't heard of? The number one thing they love is you to be traumatized and then forgetful. Right. But the UAP thing, they don't want you to be traumatized by something more powerful than them. The problem with the UAP thing is it dissolves our faith in government because government is just as useless as us. Something. Yeah. I didn't think they were God. Something. Yeah. If there's something from another planet that's so beyond us that it has complete control of our nuclear program, complete control of our internet, our grid Yeah.


Controls the population can't be totally invulnerable to weapons and comes down. And so God takes over God. Well, a, a superior race, A bunch of people already believe in the thing you said, but don't think it's aliens. And they're fine with it. In fact, like I think it's, oh, people are gonna go crazy and then they're gonna come at us. Is the fear. Yeah. 'cause that HU You know, Orson Wells famous thing, I bring it up All the time. Everyone panicked. 'cause they thought it was real. That's not fucking true. Well, some people panic, but it wasn't nearly the hysteria. People that tuned into the middle that didn't know really freaked Out. I think it was not even that. I think what now that we know the papers didn't like radio because it was much like podcasting is to the, to CNN.


They were trying to kill Kill. That is what I think. Really? Yeah. Well it was greatly exaggerated. Right. The negative impact of, And then taught as fucking science. For many years the People committed suicide. So that was the thing that we were told in school. They told you people killed themselves from that. Yes. Yes. Yeah. When I was in high school, I remember they were talking about Orson Wells and the, the, the teacher in high school was explaining, I'm 90% sure of this, the foggy memory. 'cause I was probably 15. But in that foggy memory, I'm pretty sure they were talking about people com committing suicide because of It. Yeah. Hilarious. So I that's before Roswell or whatever that, what's the Use of that op? See if there's any evidence that people did commit suicide after War of the Worlds. 'cause look, there's a lot of schizophrenic people. Unfortunately there Are now Back then too.


No. Yeah. Okay. While the war of the world's radio broadcast Yeah. Is often associated with mass panic, there's no credible evidence of any widespread suicides directly caused by the broadcast. Yeah. The idea of people killing themselves due to believing in Martian invasion was real. And is generally considered a myth. Though some listeners did experience significant distress and fear due to the realistic presentation of the fictional event. I'm sure that's true. So the suicides is probably what always happens. Right. People exaggerate shit. Dude, I, how long are they gonna use suicides as an excuse to like lie or like climate change right now. That's like a dog you blame farts on. That's what climate change is. Do do the fires.


It's unbelievable watching that. Well, people calling the fires, climate change is crazy. How would that absolve Newsom and the gang if it was climate change? Either way, shouldn't you have water in the fucking hydrant? Shouldn't you have more water? Because climate Change, he should have water in the hydrant. What is this? This is Still opening the 1984 Olympics. Wow. I had a fake alien. So that's back. I don't Think they told people about it either. I kind of skimmed Through it. Is it Michael Jackson in there? Whoa. They, I read, what Was it they used some Disney people. They apparently they went through a couple tests. This is a jet engine of some sort flying a flying saucer in. They had a bunch of lights on it. What? Oh my God. Dude. It gets, because they didn't tell anyone this was gonna happen either.


They just started doing it. Oh my god. Dude, imagine. And then there's an alien inside There. How big is it? What's the alien look like? I think like 50 feet. Holy Shit. Oh, it looked like there was a helicopter above it, dude. Well They're flying over Olympics. So this is the opening. Right. But it's not suspended by a helicopter. I don't believe so. No. I was trying to read into how they did it. I thought I saw a helicopter above it. Here's The, let it go for a little bit. What's 10 minutes long? They Should do this at the mall in Miami sometime. Look At that. That's amazing. Yeah. Boy, in 1970 or 84 rather when this was going on, you probably scared the shit out of people. They probably thought the real aliens were actually landing at the Olympics.


Finally. God, look how excited people were about the Olympics back then. Yeah. Our ritual has attracted the sky gods. Yeah, There's the alien. That's wild. Dude. Why do we have Olympics again? Dude, that's wild. Well, because people wanna make money off of athletes that work for free. Yeah. It's called eugenics. Look at this Has been created. Look at All the lights flashing. And now the alien himself. Ah, Oh my God. That is no one on stilts. That is a man. Seven feet, eight inches tall. What?


She's got Seven. Whoa. So that's how they practiced it. So they practiced When they talk about Bluebeam, that an alien invasion Back then. They practiced it in 1984. They practiced it. It's fun. I wanna know how they powered that spaceship thing. That's What I was getting into. They had a article in 2004 when they were bringing it back up and the guy from Disney was explaining how he did it. So if they could do that in 84 and then the government with all their black ops funds, They have laptops in the seventies and it's just a matter of how expensive it is to make. And then that's why you're always like 30. Just as a rule, you're about 30 years behind the best shit they got. So You think all these things that people are seeing are ours? Well the drones. No, the UFOs, the things that go underwater.


The things that, all these things that fly through the air. Insane Speed. They also made this in 1974. This thing's called an X jet. Yeah. But It was really loud though. So Like 19. What? This was in the seventies. It Disappeared. This guy's flying around in a flying chair. Yeah. I looked up in the seventies. This Could go 60 miles an hour. Could go up to 10,000 feet. Feet. Did you, You've seen how many people died testing that. They only tested it with three people as far as I found. How many left? And they didn't, they had no flight experience. They wanted that on purpose. This is not So do you, this is Nuts. Yeah. Did There's a bunch of shit that, Wait a minute, it says no propeller. Yeah, it's a jet engine underneath it. Yeah. Oh my God. How hot does it get? What does it do to your balls? I don't know. What does it do to your balls? Probably cooks your balls probably. Wow.


How do you not get cancer? It Affirms your gender and flies your, you're Not even supposed to fucking wear earbuds anymore. Everybody's saying the EFI from those. I was, that's why I saw you last night. I was like, what are you doing with Bluetooth earbuds in? Oh man, this supposed to be bad for you. Hey, it's too late now, dude. And even the Wired Ones. I had the shot, The wired ones are like slightly better. But everybody's saying like, oh, EFI Brain. If I just look at a dude, All the shit you're worried about. They done did it. It's done. You're Not worried about the earbuds? No, no. I'm not worried. 'cause I already, I can't sleep unless I have a TV on just the tone. So do you understand the amount of damage that has been done from the blue light from the screen? They signed that into Walter too.


That's another Obama hit. You know the energy saving light bulbs and all that where you just get blue light and it ravages your dopamine. It's, but with principle of casinos, everything's a fucking casino. So All The blue light that we have in our house is like with LED lights. All that's bad for you. Yeah. But you could find out more about like, I'm not an expert it by any means, but you can find out about people. You sound like an expert I'D to give you a doctorate. Would you accept? Yes. Now he's, I think you Need an honorary doctorate. Can I tell you from like Conspiracy university, I'm A doctor of hawk two Accord. Maybe Austin U when they will they open up here? I don't know dude. Helicopter. You're right. Oh, so was it elevated by a helicopter? Yeah. So it had to be and wide enough to be carried by a big lift helicopter. Yeah. See that's what I thought I saw. I thought I saw a helicopter above it.


That makes a lot more sense. You saw the Charles Hall video, right? That guy Charles Hall talking about the tall whites. Yes. So, 'cause that one, it was one of the first ones. We talked about that yesterday on the podcast with Jay Sands. Yeah. So this is also how I started, you know, now conspiracy stuff would be like, this to me is not, not like actual objective facts that are public record, but shit where I'm like, it's a guy's story. Right. So his story is so interesting because it, it's like what made me laugh? So I just started looking at this as a joke 'cause it's making me laugh When you describe the tall whites treat us like we're like, you know, this is like the Philippines to them like a base for doing stuff. And if you we're as strong as apes compared to them, is what he said about the tall eight foot very white people.


And Jason's met one. Well, as they're talking about it, I'm like, this sounds very familiar. Like, is this wait, is this like the Congo to them? Like are these space Belgians? Nah. And I'm like, oh wow, that's hilarious. At the top there's even whiter people. But doesn't that make sense that if human beings evolve more, we're gonna evolve more into like weaker and weaker things with stronger and stronger minds. And that's what they look like. Well I'm sure that they like Really frail. I'm sure he said that when it ran, it almost was like when it was moving fast, it was almost like it was running into the wind. Like it was very awkward. He's like physically the thing was very did Awkward. Did he say what Charles Hall said about, it's not that they're telepathic, they have a thing they can wear that looks like an Xbox headset. No, he said that he, it was making noises, but he was reading its intention in his mind.


And when the thing experienced disgust and anger, he experienced disgust and anger that it was some sort of a telepathic link between him and this thing. So that's the difference in the story. Obviously This is just who fucking knows what really happened. A guy's telling me he met an alien. Well, I look for Differences. I'm not saying this definitely happened. Of course, what I'm saying is, this is his story. The thing had giant eyeballs that were twice the size of a humans and it had like a such a light colored skin that he thought that it was suffering from hypothermia And it was wearing military dress uniform. So it was in a pristine, totally clean uniform. And one of the guys in the car said, Hey, he has no ears. That's the first thing the guy said. He said, this is what it looked like.


He said, although the nose looked a little bit rounder. So I said this thing, communicate with him and essentially imparted in his brain memories of the structure of this thing that it was looking for. So it was looking for some specific type of metal that he didn't know what the fuck it meant. And he couldn't, we still couldn't figure out what He meant. I saw yesterday saw that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But bizarre. Right? So, so, but if If, but if you think of like us to Neanderthals Yeah. Neanderthals to them, like it's gonna move in that direction where they're spindly and weak, they're not gonna use their bodies anymore. Yeah, Sure. The main part I'm focusing on is the relationship that we have with these supposed white creatures. Why?


When I first heard of them, I remembered when I saw Charles Hall and I'd forgotten about this, but like 2011. And it was in, I wanna say Newsweek. And it was like a wacky news item that around the same time as the Israeli guy that said he worked with the federation, that ex Intel guy came out and said, there's a, and the Canadian ex Intel guy said, right, This is like 14 different star federations or something. So some Farsi newspaper said Obama works in league with some extraterrestrials called the tall whites. And I had never ever heard anybody called the tall whites. I think they meant the Bush family now. Hey, I believe it was George HW Bush looking back. But at the time, 'cause X-Files time when, you know what, what's the thing they push on your narrative?


Not saying whether there's aliens or not, but clearly they don't want you to know the real story. So what's the narrative they program you with? So in 84, that's the Steven Spielberg era. Do you know what I mean? Right. Like coming off the sci-fi thing. Right. So all I'm doing is listen to everybody's story and I wanna hear themes and I want to hear the differences. So the guy Doty, the guy who's the ex from Mirage Men that movie. And he now is like, I'm not lying anymore 'cause I'm, I'm retired from lying. And so, so I'll listen, I'll hear your lies out. Right. But then I'll listen for you changing like, just basic shit. Like the details when they change and they're always slight. I'm like, wait, that's different than the, so what I thought about tall whites, but this is I guess the, the tall white technology of back in the sixties was they couldn't just do it with their mind.


They had a headset. Charles Hall is very specific about how they did things. Okay. And he was like, they're not like gods, they have tech. It was, it stood out because it didn't have any of that fucking ESP kind of, he goes, they had voice to skull. They had a thing where they could talk into your head. By the way, voice to skull Is real. Well maybe this, this thing was wearing a hat. Maybe the thing was under the hat. Yeah. Or maybe the hat disguised it. Yeah. Or maybe it was the thing disguised as a hat. Oh, another thing that stuck out with Charles Hall that made me remember his story compared to other alien stories is they were not environmentalists. They thought it was weird. We ride horses and shit because they sit on most civilized worlds. Our author Charles James Hall, claims to have lived with aliens for two years in Nevada. After a few months, he finally overcame his fears and started to communicate with the extra terrestrials.


When You hear him talk, you'll understand. I mean, let's say this is, What's this? It says overview. What is it a movie, Documentary or something? Yeah. Walking Tall. It's like, yeah. Walking with The tall whites. Oh, I know what I'm watching tonight. I, yeah. So do me a favor. Send me that. Send me that in a text message. So I just, and then, 'cause here's the thing, if you look up as a joke, I was like, okay, what is the racisms of aliens? I wanna know like the diff the Lord. Right. The reptilians. Those are the worst. Right. So, so, and I'm trying to look, so because I was looking that up, that took me on a whole different track. So then I start hearing about the Nordics. Right. You know the other alien, right? There's tall whites. People say they're the Nordics. Oh, they're not? No, No. The tall whites are Johnny Wi Edgar Winter albinos.


Okay. And the, the Nordics have hair. The nor har the bad guy from the first Die Hard. That fights Bruce Willis. Right? The Albin. Yeah. That's from All the descriptions. That's what a Nordic looks like. Yeah. They have that big head. Right. Right. And so there's a bunch of these and Then there's the grays, Right? Yeah. There's the Nordics. Okay. Nordic aliens. They look Jack, they're like, they all like Bill, like Aquaman. Yeah. So, okay, let's say they're, let's pretend that they're real. And, and I don't know if they're are not The women are hot. Yeah. They're not Nordics. They're fucking Germans if they're real. Well, Germans didn't have that color hair. No. They they had a breeding camp. Remember Germany had a camp to breed people that looked like Nordic Space Brothers. Which is crazy 'cause he didn't look like that.


Right? He did not look like that, did he? It's, yeah, that's, yes. He wanted everybody to have blond hair, blue eyes. But bitch, you don't. But dude, that guy's not the fucking ultimate evil by the way. We, he's a fucking farm team of, you know, who funded Hitler? They say Prescott Bush. Right. Well I heard it was Oxycontin. Well, oxycodone, You're thinking of the nation of England the biggest drug cartel empire. That's why the king's the king. 'cause they're opium. Empire. Empire. Well, that's why China has a grudge against ate to this day because of the opium wars. I I, yeah. People have a hard time forgetting when you force them to imagine instead of fentanyl just coming in. Right. The cartels were saying like how they do with other stuff.


You have to take this. Yeah. Get The whole country hooked on opium. So we are, we're more classy now. We just privately do it to your experts that you trust like a child. Right. So, so all this, that's why I laugh when they're gonna invade Mexico. Oh, you're gonna get the cartels that You know, who trained the Zetas? The famous Zetas. Right. TV Seal Team six. You know that, right? What Do you mean The training them to be the insane killers that they are? Who do you think went, because we gotta fight com's. Wait minute. Hold On. Yeah. Do you mean in the zeta in guys like an actual deployed team Train Black Ops. Cause it wasn it's a Crime. Are you talking about people that have retired and go into mercenary service?


There You Go. Oh, Fort Bragg. That's where the fucking Us train cartels terrorists. Mexico. Founders of the Zeta's Drug Gang Learn spec, special Forces techniques at Fort Bragg before waging a campaign of carnage. So Fort Bragg is, there's so many connections. The S syop one, they're called Fort, they're not called that anymore. Now they're called something new. But There's recent connections, like a bunch of recent connections to Fort Bragg. One of, Well, they go back quite some time Actually, of one of 'em was the guy who got arrested on the golf course with the AK 47. Had he spent time at Fort Bragg. Oh, the Two, the the fake ISIS guy and the Tesla truck guy. Yeah. Yeah. The fake ISIS guy was the guy who drove through the crowd in New Orleans. Right. And then the guy who was on the, the golf course with Trump.


Both those guys had come through Fort Bragg, Of Course. And then this, The Psyop division right there was the eighth Battalion or fourth Battalion. The one Did you We played it. The thing about Bragg units also led the way in the Korean and Vietnam wars and the War on Terror. Today, Fort Bragg is one of the largest military installations in the world and continues to train and field the US Army's best. It's the largest military base in the entire world. Built in 1918, around the end of World War. So it probably has a section of that base that's dedicated, But Ghost in the Machine Commercial. Remember that Ghost in the machine, the out of Fort Bragg about the Psyop division? Did you see it? No. Dude, you've seen it, right? Ghost in the machine. It's on, it's on YouTube. You say it's like, have you seen Gladiator?


We all see Gladiator. No Ghost. We haven't all seen Ghost in the Machine. Well, No. Was it it was a recruiting ad. It was a recruiting ad. Do You know what he's Talking about? Have you ever heard of it? Have you seen it before? Jerry? Irregular recruitment for an irregular force. Listen, We're we're running outta time. Oh. So we'll wrap it up with this. Let's, let's say this, I'm a little man and this is a little town, but there must be a spark in little men that can burst into Flame. John Steinbeck. There Are Many people, oh, this is the second one. This isn't the first one. Wait a minute. Let's see. It's a recruitment Ad for who really don't understand. There's two. The most powerful weapon Has many difficulties. Oh, this is a crazy commercial. First one's worse topic. It In the hand of the oppressor. Keep Our people in.


Freedom is indivisible Is the mind of the oppress Man is enslaved. All not free. Modern war has become a struggle for men's minds as well as for their bodies. What? Well, today we face an enemy who spends enormous sums of money and manpower all over the globe and attempt to subvert the thinking of the people of the free world. Fu the vibe and ultimately the substitute. It's a contest Unlike any we have ever faced in our history as a Nation contest for the minds and hearts of people around the world.


All people When power corrupts, whoa, poetry clean. This is a movie. I'd kind of wanna watch it right now. Yeah. I don't think that's What it Is. That art is not a form of propaganda. It is a form of truth. Go on Behind every idea, control of Emotions, and be gained by understanding the stimulus response pattern. How creepy That is A belief. Everyday things become associated with these climate stimuli, partly by a process called conditioning. Jesus Christ. War, war. Oh, that's a weird title Behind every, okay. Okay. Pause it, pause it, pause it, pause it.


Let's find the the other one goes to machine one. So who put this out? The US Army? Fort Brag. That is so nuts on our YouTube channel, I think, or no, this, this is goes to the machine. Two again, wait. Goes to The machine. One is Try to find ghost to machine one. Hold on real quick though. What? Fourth psyop group. Yeah, they're YouTube channel. I clicked on this from like the US Army's website. I know guys, they have a psyop channel. Well, because they're recruiting too. If you're the college machine. I understand. But let's see. Ghost in the machine one. Okay. Oh, That's this one. This is my favorite. Here We go. If your opponent is co of co temper, I am seek to irritate him. I am pretend to be weak. That he may grow arrogant. I am Sun Sue.


Oh, China. China. Art of War China Clown world. Where'd that come from? This dude dancing around. Have you ever wondered The peaceful pro-democracy demonstration in China comes to a violent and bloody hand. Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall. Ooh, Who's pulling the strings? Question mark. God, Whoa. Wolves hiding nearby. Whispering, Born from the ashes Around me Of a world at war.


You'll find us in the shadows at the tip of the spear. China, You Said a threat rises in the east. This is crazy. No Russia invades Ukraine. No warfare. So this is a recent film. Yeah. It's from like 20 17, 18. The soldier Who edited it No. Much more recent. It said Russian invades Ukraine. Oh, That's true. They're, they're staying nameless. They don't want their name to be Out there. Well, why would you, whoever edited it Yeah, is nameless. They're Staying in the Shadows. I get it. I get it. Wait, I'm freaked out for the rest of the day. Bye Kurt, let's wrap this up. I gotta get outta here.


Appreciate you. I love you very much. Hot To, you're awesome. Hot to a coin to the Moon. Hot to it. To the moon. Up some Melania coin. Wild talk. Much love to you all. Bye.