
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience, Train by Day, Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Little things you say, Like imagine having to be that measured in, in everything you say All the time. Just stick to the talking Points, bro. That's my whole life. Oh god. That's stressful. Yeah, it's super stressful. Especially if you're a little intoxicated. You know, you get a couple of whiskeys in you and you start talking shit. You gotta be responsible for every word that comes outta your mouth, even if it's stupid. But, You know, I think people get it. They get what? That people are human beings and they can stumble like people, they forgave a lot of Biden stumbles until they're like, what the fuck?


You know, a lot of people like in 2020 were like, there's no way. There's no way he's gonna do it. He was too old to run when it was 2016. Yeah, But you know, he, he's kinda always been known for the gaffes. Like, 'cause I remember when, when Obama was picked him, that was like the number one concern was like, but he be, sometimes he be saying shit, Didn't Obama, he was famous to quote as Joe as a, don't worry, Joe will find a way to fuck things up. Oh, I never heard that. But This supposedly what's hard to know what the quote was, but Supposedly, but he got, but he got outta, he got out all of it. I mean, Well that's because the machine was behind him, right? So he gets into office and you saw the, like, like Mike Johnson guy, the speaker of the house, he said that he had talked to him.


He, it took a year to have a meeting and he finally had this meeting with him and he was wanted, wanted to talk to him about something. And he said, why did you sign this executive order and it had something to do with liquid natural gas? And he said, I didn't sign that. He said, yes you did, sir, you signed it. Can we get it? And so he, he has the secretary print it up, he brings it in. He had never read it. So he was just signing executive orders that he didn't even know. He didn't know what it was about. He said he thought it was about research And it was about shutting it down. And so it, that's a, so there's a bunch of people behind him that want to do things and they think it's for the best interest of the country. And they're all acting as a big group that's like the puppeteer of the president. And that's not how it's supposed to be. It's not supposed to be that way.


But isn't they like that with every president? I don't know. I feel like, 'cause I think when a president brings in a new cabinet and the new cabinet starts doing different things, then you see what's happening right now. Right. So they've already found thousands of criminals that had snuck in here and had committed multiple crimes while they were here. And the Biden administration had left the mayor and they allowed them to stay in these sanctuary cities and sanctuary states. And Trump's just yanking 'em out and flying them back to Columbia and flying 'em back to Mexico and flying 'em back to wherever they're from. Get the fuck outta here. No, but I look exporting them in planes. The Biden administration could have done this too. Yeah. But I think, I think they, every president, they getting there. They do, they do little shit different than the other side.


But at the end of the day, the big major shit that would help out the average people, that shit, it always just falls short. A couple votes. Trump is talking about getting rid of income tax and replacing it with tariffs. I asked him about that on the podcast. What? I thought he was joking around. Yeah, exactly. He was saying that it would be better for the economy. We'd have way more money if instead of you paying tax, these companies should be paying tax. Like why are they making such a killing off the American people? But the companies would just charge us bigger prices, wouldn't they? Well, here's the thing. Could they, if we had American manufacturing that can make the same products? No.


So the whole i the whole reason why, but you Can't make the same products for the same Price. But if you have other countries charge tariffs, and I think we've charged tariffs in the past and it's a, it's an interesting thing. It's like you make a trade agreement. It's essentially a trade agreement. And his position has always been that one side of the trade agreement was unbalanced in, America does a stupid job at negotiating its trade agreements. So he wants tariffs and everything. That's what he, that's what he threatened the, the guy from Columbia with. He said, 'cause they didn't wanna take the prisoners. The flights were coming over and he didn't wanna give them approval to land. He said, we're gonna tax you, we're gonna tear a you 25% and then like in a week we're gonna jack it up to 50%. And this guy wrote like a poem to Trump.


The most ridiculous thing ever. The guys are wild, dude. That's the thing is like, if you bring in the tariffs, you have to make 'em so high that, that the American goods were cheaper by comparison. Well you'd have to really ramp up American manufacturing in a lot of places. Like we don't make phones. That's one of the craziest things about America. We don't make, we can't make a phone, we anything. We can't even make a phone. We make mistakes. Well, I mean maybe we could make a phone. Isn't there one phone that is made in America? Isn't there one phone that's manufactured here? I think there is. I Mean even if it's assembled here. Is it the nothing phone, is it? Is that it? I think it might be assembled here. I don't, I think they still have to get somewhere. They still have to get shit from China. Yeah. They have to get shit from Taiwan.


The key pieces have to get shit from India. Yeah. Everybody gets their shit from somewhere. Yeah. I mean, like I said, the problem with American man veteran is you can't do it for us cheap. 'cause you have to pay people That. No, our problem is, first of all, we're addicted to buying new shit All the time. I have a, I have a bunch of phone lines and one of my phone lines, I have an iPhone 11. It's like five years old. I don't notice when I'm using it. As long as it still works. You don't notice on a normal experience. What do I do with my phone? I'm not fucking making complex video rendering. You know, what am I doing? I'm watching YouTube videos. I'm text messaging people.


You don't notice. Right. But we're force fed this idea that you're supposed to get a new one every year. Like it's one of the weirdest things. You get a new TV every year, you get a new computer every year. Why the fuck do you get a new phone every year? But every year they keep pushing us to get a new phone. If you make a phone that's American made more durable and lasts more than a year, it would be worth a premium. And I wouldn't have to feel bad about like slaves in China making it Like, he makes this like the only phone they need to bring back the Nokia phones. Remember those brick phones? Yes. Well, don't do that Would just indestructible. Make it dope. Make, make it a dope phone. But you know, I don't know man. I don't think, I think we, I think those days are long gone.


The days of American manufacturing. Yeah, well I think with incentives, with government incentives and people understanding that this competition that we're having is all technologically based. And if all of our technology is getting made in another country, that's essentially a national security issue. See you, you know, you know what I realize is like why? 'cause sometimes, You know, politics comes up in the green room and I just, I always separate myself from the conversation because I realize what everybody has, regardless of what size the issues they on is y'all have hope. I'm cynical. I'm cynical in the motherfucker. I'll be like, this shit was old. This shit been, you know, it's like, so for me, I'm like, I see, I see the asteroid coming.


Yeah. And I'm like, ain't nothing we gonna be able to do about that.


Fitness isn't just about what you do in the gym, it's also about your nutrition. But even with the best diet, some nutrients can be hard to get. And ag one can help fill those gaps. A one delivers optimal amounts of nutrients in forms that help your body perform. Ag one makes foundational nutrition easy because there aren't a million different pills and capsules you have to keep track of. It's just one scoop mixed in water. It's such an easy routine to keep in the mornings ingredients in Ag G one are selected for absorption, nutrient density and potency, and are intentionally picked to work in sync with the whole formula for optimal impact. They're seriously committed to quality ag one is tested for hundreds of contaminants and impurities and they're constantly reformulating their recipe to dial it in. This is all part of why I've partnered with ag one for years. So get started with Ag one this holiday season and get a FREE bottle of Vitamin D three, K two, and five free ag one travel packs with your first purchase@drinkagone.com slash Joe Rogan. That's a $76 value gift for free. If you go to drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan, seriously get on this.


I don't, this rant I'm interested to see, look, if, if Robert F. Kennedy Jr gets, gets approved, I'm interested to see no if they start removing pesticides and herbicides and all these things that are killing people, if people's health improves, if we remove things from the human diet, if just start educating people on the importance of diet and exercise. I would love to see that. Yeah. But you know, the problem with that is we live in a society where like none of that shit's gonna happen unless they make more money than what we already doing. That's not necessarily true because you can motivate people. There's a real power in free motivation. And having a government that's like promoting health in that way would cause a bunch of people to take that step that they've been thinking about taking.


So a lot of times motivation doesn't catch you flat. Motivation catches you looking for motivation, right? Like you want to get your shit together, be like, ah, I just fucking need to get to the gym. I just need something. And then one day the government announces that we are going to turn the health of America around and we are gonna promote a, a national fitness regime. We're gonna start bringing it to, to schools and kids to get people healthier. We're gonna bring in organic food and start feeding kids when you feed 'em in public schools and have free Shut lunch. Try to do something like That. Yeah, she did. She got shut down Immediately. Exactly. They shut her Right the fuck down. Down. Yeah. They Bitch down. No, no, no, fuck, you're gonna fucking kill healthy profits.


Fuck this healthy shit. Because that, because that's the other thing. But, but what's different now than, than what was happening back then is we're so divided. If, if somebody in the government suggested anything was the best, the healthiest thing, at least half the country would be like, I'm not fucking with it for that very reason. Yep, yep. You know, it's like you're so right. Yeah. It's like it is like they attached Obama to Obamacare, even though it was, it was not a bad thing. Right. Right. And if like, if Trump was literal, be like, Hey, every, every American, Trump and Jackson is the best exercise. People are like, that ain't doing no Trump jacks. Yeah. That's your president's exercise. So it's like, we so divided, nothing's gonna stick. I also think that the problem with like healthcare and all these things where people are getting paid, you are dealing with a bunch of different games that are being played inside a game that has a function and that function is healthcare.


Like it provides healthcare in a kind of shifty, shitty way. But the, but the game it's playing is make the most money. That's the game. It's playing the game. It's, it's playing a financial game. Yeah. That's why it's coming up with reasons to deny people. And it's using AI to figure out how to deny people and they deny a large amount of claims. So it's, you gotta look at it like what it actually is, you know, is funny. It's not that it's all bad, but that there's a bunch of different games. Each person in that game is playing their own game. You have thousands of employees. You have thousands of people trying to corporate climb the corporate ladder and make more money and get promotions and make more money for the company and impress the board.


They want a fucking yacht, Bro. I, well, I I, I'm, I'm talking about how much we're divided, but it's weird how, that's the one thing they couldn't divide people alone. Like I remember like after, after that, after the to got popped like on CNN and MSBC and Fox, the, the narrative was the like, how sh dare people be excited because at first they tried to do what they do with everything. And they, they said, oh these is, look at these liberals fucking laughing at death. And, and then they realized like, oh, it's the insurance industry is fucked over. Everybody. Everybody, they don't give a fuck who you voted for. They don't fuck you. That might be the one. Healthcare might be the one thing that we can come to like a bipartisan agreement on that health insurance and insurance companies in general, they, they're just captivated by what a corporation is.


A corporation has a responsibility to its shareholders to make the most money. And they just, that's a problem with the whole structure of it, is that no matter what the business is, they find a way to make money more than they find a way to do the thing that they're supposed to be doing well as a service to people. If Trump actually, if Trump actually fixed healthcare, I, he, he would go down as one of the greatest presidents. He, he would be like, it would be, I think it would be a whole different, like if he actually did like viable real change to the healthcare system that like, made it work for everybody. Well it used to be that there was no social media. So if you wanted to make a big change, the government could gaslight you on TV in these press conferences and bring out experts and they could gaslight you and tell you what to do.


And that was All the information you had. Right? That doesn't work anymore. It doesn't work anymore. So this is one of the reasons why this is the best time ever to kinda revamp healthcare and revamp like the way people think about what is healthy, what is healthy, But how are you gonna revamp it in the way that still makes money? You, It doesn't have to, first of all, first of all, you're gonna lose money. The country's gonna lose money. It's like who's gonna get the money? There's an exchange of money, right? So if a lot of people are sick All the time and a lot of people are on Medicaid and a lot of people are on health insurance, the country's gonna spend more money that's going to go to pharmaceutical drug companies. But it doesn't have to go there.


We can't commit to giving it to them every year just because they've figured out a way to keep getting it. That's dumb. The right way to say is we have to look at the collective money of the country. Wouldn't it be way better if we spent way less on healthcare because people got healthier because they figured out there's no easy way to do it. You have to have diet and exercise. It's the most important foundation for any healthy human being. It doesn't matter what kind of exercise it do, it probably doesn't even ma matter what kind of diet. As long as you are like committed to eating healthy real food. The whole thing is just diet and exercise and movement. That would fucking cure 70% of the problems we have in this country with healthcare.


Because people would be healthy. And so then you wouldn't be as susceptible to getting sick. You wouldn't be as susceptible to getting injured. There's a bunch of things that would probably likely stack up financially in our favor. But, but so that's how you make money out of it. You make money out it. 'cause everybody makes more money. You make more money if you're healthy. You make more money if you're active, if you're, if you're in the bed All the time, 'cause you have back surgery constantly. Or if you've got this and that and the other, you go to a lot of interruptions in your life. They're gonna hiccup your career. They're gonna hiccup your, whatever you're trying to accomplish in your life. If you're, you're dealing with being sick All the time. So You think, you think if people were healthier, they would deny less people. I think if people were healthier, first of all, you would need way less healthcare first.


That's the number one thing. If people were fit and they took care of themselves, there's a giant part of, if you looked at all of the healthcare issues that we have in this country, there's a a giant chunk of it that's connected to diet. It's connected to the standard American diet. Yeah. It's connected to eating too much calories, garbage, food, obesity, that all that is po It's possible to shift that in a different direction. You just have to change the way people eat and that you would see other people getting results and then you would want those results. If you hear RFK Jr on TV trying to motivate people to do this and you see him working out, like maybe that's the thing you need that takes you from, man, I gotta go to the gym one day to fuck it.


I'm going to the gym. This is it. And then if more people do that, there's more healthy people. If there's more healthy people, there's less losers. If there's less losers, the country makes more money. The whole GDP goes up. Everybody, you, you're, you're gonna do better. You're gonna do better with whatever you're doing in life if you're healthy because health is energy. But how do you make people want, Like you don't, you don't make 'em do it, but you inspire and the government has never done that before. Why not try it? Why not try that? Why not try that? Why not? And try to like fucking gaslight people and tell you gotta wear a mask in your car or you're gonna die instead of that gaslighting. How about pump 'em up? They scared the fuck out of everybody with Covid. How about they pump everybody the fuck up Go with health.


The government, if the Government wanted everybody to do anything, they have to pay 'em. You know, another problem with my theory, I give you a tax break if you lose 40 pounds, Here's another problem with my theory. Trump eats nothing but mc, McDonald's drinks Diet Cokes sharp as a attacked 78 years old. Like, okay, I don't know what to tell you. If he came back, if, if he disappeared for like six months and came back just jacked, jacked, Shaved his head. Did you see him play tennis with Serena Williams? Nah, He took his shoes off. He's playing tennis with Serena Williams. I mean playing, playing, Not playing like as good as she can play. Oh, obviously she's not gonna embarrass you. No. Obviously not that. But I mean, Volleying back and forth.


I mean, And he's playing. Is he running? He plays tennis man. He can play tennis. Oh. Like the guy plays tennis. Like he's, I mean, I don't know how to play tennis, so I don't know if it looks good, but I'm looking at him hitting the ball. It looks like he's doing it the right. He doesn't look like me. If I was doing it, I'd be a fucking spazz. I don't know how to play tennis. Completely lost. Yeah. Yeah. Well let's see it. It's 'cause It was in 2015. Oh it was? Yeah. Oh. Oh God. Damnit I got lied to by the reels. I thought it just happened. Oh no, no, No. 2015 Wanna trap Serena. But check out the tennis. Check this out. She could clearly fuck him up, bro. Oh, that's a nice gentle serve look at it. But look at dude, he's firing back.


Both of his shots are outbound that He's old. I mean, but he is doing better than I would do. Oh, way better than me. I mean, he plays tennis. There's video of him playing tennis. There's like photos of him playing tennis. So he does do some things. It's like there's a lot of guys that are too, they can't go to a gym. It's just they don't, they need a purpose or they need something that occupies their brain. So they play golf or they play tennis or they play games? They do, they play a little pickup basketball. They do that for their health. Yeah, because they just can't do the gym thing. I just don't wanna do it. So they do something that keeps 'em active. I mean, most of the people I know do shit like that. Yeah. So he's active. Pick up basketball or soccer.


But That dude just eats cheeseburgers and shit all day long. Like Yeah. It's like, I don't know what to say, But he probably also has zero stress. Well he has a way of letting shit roll off his back. I mean, he had to have some stress and that guy shot at him. But even then he gets hit in the ear and he stands up and yells, fight, fight, fight. It's like, is this a movie? Are we in a, a movie? Is this like a simulation? Yeah. And Then his ear healed up like wolverine, Bro. It healed up pretty quick. You can see a little mark on it. You can see a, there's a little tiny, if you look at it like when he was right there I go, lemme see it. And he leaned in. You can kind of see, You know, wolf's wild. The ears filled with blood vessel. That's why I bleed so much. Nobody Talks about it anymore. No. You know what else nobody talks about?


The guy who blew up the cyber truck in front of Trump Tower. What happened to that Guy? I don't even know what you're talking about. You Don't know that story? Nah, see, I don't follow any of the pop political stuff. Well, this isn't even political. This is a weird story. It's a guy who was like, now is it being confirmed that that's him? I'm gonna look, I I let's pull up the story. 'cause I don't, I don't want to do it any mis justice. But this was after the election, correct? Yes, definitely. It was real recent year. New year's Day. Okay. New Year's day. That's, that's how crazy the news cycle is. Like, you forget, you forget what day things happen. Like was that a year ago? No, it was last week. Oh, all right. There's like something constantly bombarding you All the time. So this dude, that dude, that dude.


Yeah. What is the story behind him? He was a special forces guy. Right? And he was in, I think he was in a television show with Tim Kennedy. They had like a special forces TV show where they did something. So this guy's like, you know, he's an operator. He is like a serious soldier. Why a cyber truck? And he allegedly committed suicide with a large handgun, a desert eagle. So, oh, he, he Rented it. Okay. Large handgun. And blew up this thing. It's his self inflicted gunshot wound. What it, the whole thing's weird man. Nobody, nobody could imagine him doing this.


Everybody's saying it doesn't make sense. Why would he, this guy knew how to make bombs. Why would he make a shitty bomb like that? That doesn't even blow up the building. It just blows him up in the car. And why would he do it in a cyber truck, which is like the most durable car you can buy. Like that whole thing. The cyber truck. You saw that video where I tried to, to shoot an arrow through it. Oh yeah, yeah. My arrow exploded. That thing's solid steel. So why would you blow yourself up in a solid, why you would get a convertible and fuck everybody up. Right? You would, if you were gonna blow up yourself in a car and you wanted to do the most damage, you'd have a car that you'd wanna blow apart Those Teslas contained the entire explosion.


Yeah. I mean was it, did he leave some kind of manifesto? I don't know if he left a note. Did he leave a note? I think so. Yep. They probably found it like barely smoldered or outside. Look, it's like when, remember when they found the, the terrorist passports, the planes went into the fucking World Trade Center blew up in front of everybody's face. Just a gigantic, enormous pile of fire. And yet this dude's passport just barely singe on the outside. Like a Bugs Bunny cartoon falls to the ground. That's what the whole Sean Ryan thing was about. 'cause they sent the email and then it was, did the guy write the email? Right? That's right. That's right. Right. All right.


That's right. That's right. Now I remember, God, I forgot Sean Ryan was involved in that and people were saying that he didn't, that guy didn't send that to you. You got hoaxed and then Sean Ryan proved that the guy did send that. So he was saying some stuff in there about drones. And what was he saying? Let's put up what he said. You know what I realized, man, Shout out to Sean Ryan. It said in case I do not make it to my decision point or onto the Mexican Mexico border. I am sending this now. Please do not release this until one Jan and keep my identity private until then. First off, I'm not under duress or hostile influence or control. My first car was a 2006 Black Ford Mustang V six for verification.


First of all, that's not true. That was not his first car. No, no. He had a different car. We'll find that out in a second. Put a a tab on that. Jamie. What we have been seeing with drones is the operational use of GDIC propulsion systems powered aircraft by most recently China in the East coast. But throughout history, the US only, we and China have this capability. Our open location for this activity in the box is below. China has been launching them from the Atlantic, from submarines for years with this activity recently has picked up. As of now, it is just a show of force. And they're using it similar to how they use the balloon for si, si, si.


How do you say that? Si and ISR, which are also part of the integrated comm systems. There are dozens of those balloons in the air at any given time. The so what is, because of the speed and stealth of these unmanned aircraft, they are the most dangerous threat to national security that has ever existed. That basically have an unlimited payload capacity and can park it over the White House if they wanted to. It's checkmate US government needs to give the history of this how we are employing and weaponizing it, how China is employing them. And what the way forward is China is poised to attack anywhere in the East coast. I've been followed for over a week now, likely from Homeland or FBI.


And they're looking to move on me and are unlikely to let me cross into Mexico. But I won't because they know I am armed. And I have a massive V-B-I-E-D-I think that's vehicle something, vehicle born. Oh, You know, you're a military guy. I've been trying to maintain a very visible profile and have kept my phone and they are definitely digitally tracking me. I have knowledge of this program and also of war crimes that were covered up during airstrikes in the Nimrah province, Afghanistan in 2019 by the admin, D-O-D-D-E-A-N-C-I-A-I conducted targeting for these strikes of over 125 buildings.


65 were struck because of C-I-V-C-A-S that killed hundreds of civilians in a single day. US FORA continued strikes after spotting civilians on initial ISR, it was supposed to take six minutes and scramble all, all aircraft descent. Comm the UN basically called these war crimes. But the administration made them disappear. I was part of that coverup with us FORA and agent redacted. They cut his name off of the DEA. So I don't know if my abduction attempt is related to either. I worked with generals General Miller's 10 staff and on this as well as the response to Baal Murga, A OBS commander at the, at the time, redacted.


Okay. He said, you need to elevate this to media so we avoid a world war because this is a mutually assured destruction situation. So he gave his LinkedIn for vetting active duty. You know, he, he get his profile, the whole, All the whole deal. Now the problem is that was not his first car, so Google what his first car was. But why, why, why lie about that? Because somebody might not have known, like if you ask, like there's a lot of people that say, what was your first car? And a lot of people don't know I've said it publicly, but like, how many people know what my first car was? Right? Right, right. So if you're a dude and you're hanging out with other dudes, like, I don't know what your first Car was.


Oh, so you're, you're you're suggesting someone else wrote that? Yes. Yeah. I mean, if they get the car wrong, yeah, Yeah, you right. I mean, that's a hell of a, that's a hell of a detail to get wrong. Right here I had, my first car was a 1973 Chevelle, but I only had it for like two days. It broke down and the guy sold me a lemon and I got my money back. He came and got his car. I think he knew he fucked me, you know? And then my next car after that was a 1968 Oldsmobile. So I remember, I know what my cars were. Like, you're a kid, you get your first car, you know what your first car was. Yeah, Of course. Bitch. If your first car was a 2007 Mustang, you're gonna, everyone's gonna know. You're gonna tell everybody, right?


Yeah. You're not gonna forget what your first car Was. You are gonna know you're gonna, you're not gonna be confused. You're not gonna be confused as to what was your first car. You'll have, you'll pull it out right away. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean I I've never seen anybody get that wrong. Your car is like, the first time you have freedom. You can't believe you can just drive anywhere you want. You go to your friend's house, you're like, dude, I can drive. Yeah. It's one of the wildest experiences I remember clearly just learning to drive and how wild it was. You could just drive. We're so used to it. It's terrified. We're basically riding around in amusement park rides. You would pay a lot of money to ride in like your car that Audi.


Yeah, bro. That's like, you're in a, you're in a super capable sports sedan from 2024. So you're talking about like modern suspension and anti-lock braking system and everything's controlled electronically and you have a fucking super powerful engine. It's all taut and all and it moves differently based on how the fucking ground moves. Like whether it's shitty surface or smooth surface, they just adapt to everything that thing's glued. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah, those things are crazy. This this world that we live in today is so fun. You would remember your first car? I'm Having a hard time.


No, this is, this is one of the strangest searches I've had. I'm, yeah, I'll add this to conspiracy. I can't find anything that's coming up with a date before like January 4th, which would only been a few days, excuse me, a few days after I've done Google search and Twitter search. Twitter search didn't show anything and I hit latest and it's still not showing me anything recent. Damn. Somebody wrote a whole article about how that was not his first car. I know, but it's just weird that it's blocking this stuff. Look at the Thing. Can you try the brave browser? How would They? I it, I don't know that it would have a, I'm on a website. I'm on Twitter. And what was, what was the proof That was isn't isn't giving me anything more recent than January 4th. So when they say about discrepancies, does anybody use the car as a discrepancy?


Because I definitely know I read that. No. A hundred. I, that's not what I'm even bringing up. I'm sort of saying like, the search is being manipulated right now. Like, I can't search for this. Oh, what, that's what I'm trying to say. Ew. Like searching for his name in the in car. Was it? I don't get anything in the last three weeks. That, that's weird. No one on Twitter. He is talking about, Let me imagine this. Is it possible that if there was a story like this and you were trying to like, cover up discrepancies and you didn't want people talking about it, could you just flood the search with a bunch of other stories on it so that it takes so many pages to get to it that you never get It? I would argue yes, you could, but that's, I'm not seeing that. I'm seeing the opposite. I'm seeing no stories other than like within the 48 hours of it happening.


Which wow means that's, I find that odd. That is weird. Like, I'll go to page two, bro. This is how checked out I am. I didn't even know this Happened, happened. News news isn't showing. It's like four weeks ago. Four Weeks ago. But how about just write, will you do me a favor and just write Matthew Lisberger? How do you say it? L lisberger ls burger's car was not first car. Just say first car. I did. I I No, but but let me ask you. Just say First car was not a 2006 Ford Mustang. All right. I guess That's too Specific. Yeah, that's Too specific. Let just try. Okay. Was not First car was not a 2006 Ford Mustang. I mean, it's, it's, I'm getting the same thing. That's sort, I wass not the best way to do a search.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the Vince Lombardi trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus pets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio.


The other thing was, it's very strange that the gun that he used is a crazy gun that is a crazy gun to shoot yourself in the car. And the question is like, when did he do it? Because it looks like the guy in the video in the car sits there, pulls up and then the whole thing blows up. So are you telling me that he's blowing himself up and shooting himself at the same time? Like does he have a button on his left hand? That's the bomb detonator and then the trigger on his right. Here's my point. Oh man, that shit's how he advancement. I get tweets from two hours. The cyber truck might have shot him. Shit. Say that again to when I take off the word car from my search on Twitter. I get tweets from two hours ago. So there's still tweeting like crazy about It. But when I type in car now it's, You get January 16th.


Yeah, I'm on latest. That's weird. You typed first car. I didn't, I just typed in the word car. I would, Shouldn't matter. Tell me the whole Try first car. I Already, I just, I already did that. I I Know I reduced it so that it was less specific. But what's the rest of the conspiracy? Incorrect. After the first car discrepancies. Right click on that show. More so including incorrect reference for the first car. Lisberger owned according to public records, his first car was not a 2006 Ford. Contrary to what is mentioned in the email, this has led to skepticism on whether the email is real or fabricated. That's it. So, well where's The, according to public records, that was not his first car.


Well show us the public records. Let's see. It was a BMW 2008 one series BMW. I would, I Would add wouldn't this just be registered under his name? Maybe borrowed one. Maybe his parents registered. I think they checked his parents' cards too. Yeah, But what about, what about that 1998 is a full Mustang, but It's 2006. There's a big difference. See right here. Why is Sean Ryan spreading an easily confirmed fake email? If your first car was a 1998 Mustang, would you say your first car was a 2007 Mustang? The dates don't even line up. So he had a 98 Ford Mustang. Why is the BMW circled? Cause It wasn. I don't know. Cause you see, the thing is, whenever weird shit happened, the first people to talk be full of shit.


They the wor those, they're the worst people. So it looks like he didn't have, he had scroll that back again. So he had a 98 Mustang, not a 2007. That was his first car. Then he had a 2008 BMW and then he had a Jeep. He never had a 2006 Mustang. You Can see right when he got divorced. 'cause he got a Mustang again. Yeah, I'm Back baby. 2018. 2018 He got a Ford Mustang GT that's, that's that midlife crisis. He got the GT too. Greg Fitts Simmons Got it. He got it with the Eco Boosts. He was telling me how much he loves it. I was like, loves, I was like, I know, but, but you Didn't get the V eight. He's like, oh, gas mileage. I'm like, shut your mouth. What do you mean eco boost?


Oh, it's a great engine. Don't get me wrong. It's got plenty of power in comparison to old cars. It's way more powerful. I mean, it's a fast fucking car, but the eco-boost is just more fuel efficient. It doesn't have the same horsepower. Oh, okay. And the, the GT has the coyote V eight that has that rumble. It makes you feel Alive. You know when you Rumble, You ever been at a red light with a guy in a Mustang and they take off and you hear that sound? Especially if he's got a manual. Now my, my, my homie, when I was in the service, he had this, he had this fucking blue Corvette. I forget what year it was, but it was older shit. But he, he was obsessed with this motherfucking cor And it was so fucking loud.


Yeah, it was definitely like a, you know, 70 something. Ooh. You know what I mean? Yeah. Or 60 something. It was like a old Oh, the cool ones. Yeah. But it was like no modern technology in this motherfucker. It was loud as shit. Corvettes are the only cars that looked good into the seventies. All the other American cars turned to dog shit. They turned it, they became boxes, they became fuel efficient boxes. But Corvettes always had that. And then eventually they fucked that up too. And they made Corvettes like flat and like looked like a wedge. They looked so stupid for a while, but now they're back. Now they're better. They're better looking now. I think like Tony's, I think that these new ones, the 2020 fives and 20 sixes, they're, they're better than any other car ever.


Any American car. Like the Corvette ZR one's, the greatest American car that's ever been built. Really sound. It's 1100 horsepower. I don't know shit About it. Oh, Brian Timson, you ready to look at this? You got one? No, no, no. I don't have one. But this is Google. This, this is literally the greatest American car I ever produced. Buy a Long shot Corvette. Z one, ZR one Z. It's got a giant wing on the back of it. It's literally a race car that you can buy. It has a 1100 horsepower if, or excuse me, 1064 horsepower. And this is not even tuned. Right. Guys are gonna be able to do things with these things. You're gonna get these Hennessy guys. Oh, is this new? Yeah. You're gonna get these Hennessy guys that are gonna like jack up the boost and make 'em even faster.


These things are insanely fast. Insanely fast and insanely capable. I don't know if they've got berg ring times on them, but I, I wouldn't be surprised if it's the fastest American car ever. How Much does that cost? I think it's like $190,000. I think They're coming to Austin soon, Bro. This car is fucking insane as carbon fiber wheels. It's insane. Oh man. And it's beautiful. Like look at that thing. I mean, it's just a piece of art and engineering, you know, together. It's really, it looks like what you'd expect from a foreign supercar. Yeah. From like Ferrari or McLaren or something like that. That's what it looks like.


It looks incredible. I dunno how we get on the subject. Oh, we were talking about how you remember your, you would Remember your first car. Oh, you remember your first car? Yeah. Fuck. Imagine your first car is this thing. Your first car should be a Miata. Someone should, everybody should drive a stick shift. Miata. Well, You can't buy your 'cause like, like some people get crazy and they buy their kids shit like that, you know? Well, you know, it's like motorcycles. You know, I was gonna get a motorcycle license at one point in time and one of my buddies was gonna get like a ninja. I was like, bro, we shouldn't do that. We shouldn't just hop right on some crazy bike that you gotta get comfortable with the whole deal riding a bike. Bro. If I told you how many of my, how many of my friends or family that I've had to talk outta getting a motorcycle, like, like, it's like that midlife crisis part where it's like, Hey bro, you never rode a motorcycle like you 40, you can't start now.


I got real close and then the universe gave me a whole bunch of signs. Nah, Bro. Even 'cause even the, even the best riders in the world will lay that bike down. Yep. So it's like, you out here, you haven't ridden a bike ever, or, or in 25 years. It's like you gonna get fucked up out there. You ever see the one, when the dude is flying down a country road? He hits a deer. No. Oh, This dude is like on one of those race bike Boom. Flying through the air, Bro. I saw one the other day where it was the other way around. It was like, it was like the end of a parade or something. And there were girls in the street and this guy, a bunch of motorcycles went by, but only one girl got hit.


Oh God. But it was Like, Oh God. Oh man. That's Vehicles. Yeah, but you Can't, yeah, you Can't stop. So you didn't see this thing today, A Black Hawk helicopter collided with a American Airlines flight. Oh, over DC Yeah, over dc. Over DC yeah. And they, they plunged into the Potomac and everybody's dead. And there's video of it. There's a fireball in the sky. The helicopter collides right. With the plane explodes in the sky. Watch this. Boom. They explode and collide in the sky.


And then this is the plane. Oh Man. It's crazy. And it, it's only, I mean, I, it's not, there's nothing fortunate about it, but it's fortunate that it landed in the river and that it didn't land on apartment buildings, you know? And kill, kill a bunch more people. Man, I don't even know how that happens. I've never heard of something like that happening. It's, and then where did the helicopter emanate from? Where did it come from? Jamie? Probably Andrews, because this is a military helicopter. Andrews air force base. I'm guessing, I don't understand how that's possible.


I don't get it. But I don't know anything about flying. Man. You know what? Honestly, man, it comes close to happening a lot. Fuck. That's so crazy that a military helicopter collides with a American Airlines jet. Yeah. And this and I I I don't think it was any kinda malfunction. It probably was back communication. Somebody got wrong information. Yeah. Maybe unless we find out that someone was on that jet. Like someone who had like Important was on that Jet gravity drive scientist some fucking, some fucking dude. He's at the forefront of quantum computing. That's, and he's got a laptop with him that he's trying to deliver to somebody in Saudi Arabia.


This is why I checked out, bro. 'cause because because 'cause it's so hard to take the everything serious because it's like, it's too what? We live in such a ridiculous time where that like, that, that is the chances are more than zero. That what you said is the case just now. Right. More Than zero. It's like we live in a ridiculous, we don't trust anything. Right. I don't. So it's like that could ha that could be somebody. Because my next thought shouldn't be, I wonder if somebody important was on that jet. The other thought was that you can control those helicopters remotely. You don't have to have pilots. No bullshit. Nobody. Yeah, you can, You can fly a helicopter Remotely. Yes.


They, they use artificial intelligence now. Not just to fly helicopters, but also to fly jets. And when they use jets that are controlled by artificial intelligence versus jets that are controlled by the best pilots. We have the jets can controlled by artificial intelligence when dogfights 100% of the time. Yeah. But they gonna fuck some, I mean, listen, I, 'cause all I have to judge, oh this Is, this is the tin foil we're putting on some tinfoil. Yeah. But all I have to judge my artificial intelligence is the Google Gemini and chat GBT and they be fucking shit up. But is just Consumer Grade. It's propaganda. This is consumer grade shit that didn't exist a while ago. And you want some coffee?


No, I'm good and exists now. So here it is. Blackhawk remote controlled demos have been performed by Sikorsky aircraft and Lockheed Martin to demonstrate the ability to remotely control a Blackhawk helicopter. These demos have shown the potential for autonomous flight and the ability to perform missions without a pilot. Okay, but here's the other thing now, but this Is the thing. If it's such a super sophisticated piece of equipment, how is it not, if it is being piloted by a person, how do they not have sensors that detect where the planes are? How, how is that even possible that you could be in a place where planes are flying 500 miles an hour left and right all over the place, landing and taking off and you're gonna fly through that and you don't know where the planes are.


That seems insane. That doesn't even seem possible because like, how could you exist as a military aircraft if you don't have a comprehensive analysis of everything that's around you? All the time? We have sensors. We, we put 'em on jets. Why wouldn't we put sensors on the helicopter? Well they They probably do have 'em. So why didn't it work? Wow. We, we gonna find out pretty soon. We'll even know or we'll Never. But everybody's dead. Right? So how do you know when everybody's dead? They think the pilots are dead of the helicopter there. I believe there was was there was supposed to be two people in the helicopter. I, four three. Three people in the helicopter. And was it like 60 or 70 people? 60. 60 people on the plane are dead. Damn. Only 60 people on a flight. On a flight. Small flight. That was A Yeah.


Figure Mostly a figure skating team. Figure Skating team. Fuck man. Oh yeah, because, 'cause that's the thing I was saying, it would've to be a group of people. 'cause if they just wanted to take out one person, why, why, why waste a helicopter? Like there there's better ways to kill a one person. Yeah. Well also you want like the worst press possible kill a plane filled with young figure skaters. Mm. The sweetest, most delicate people like twirling around on the ice. I mean, we think of them like, they're almost like super humans. You know, the, they, we don't even wanna think about, that's why like when that Tanya Harding, Nancy Kerrigan shit went down. Nobody even wanted to believe it's possible. The figure skating community's got thugs.


Remember that? Yeah. The figure skating community tries to take out people by breaking their knees. And that shit was ripe for comedy for like five years. Yeah, yeah, yeah. People get vicious about shit, man. People get vicious. And, but here's the other thing. I, it might just be incompetence. Most likely it's Incompetence. Somebody was just fucked up. Or Most likely someone made a mistake. Most likely. Yeah. But in this day and age, when you know about things that have happened And you know about false flags, you know about all kinds of shit that happens, you always gotta wonder. And if, if we do find out, here's worst case scenario, what if a foreign government has figured out a way to hack into our equipment and they can get a helicopter to fly right into a plane?


Oh, like this was a test around What if this was like proof of concept? See, I think a better conspiracy would be if we found out that it was like that, like Delta was behind it. You know what I mean? Delta trying to take out American Airlines or like Alaska was like, yo, no, we gonna fucking ruin their reputation. But if you were a foreign country and you wanted to demonstrate that you have technical superiority over people, how would you do it? Well, first of all, you'd lay the groundwork, right? This is one thing they definitely did. Right? Where's that lighter bro? Like that? Thank you sir. You lay the groundwork and the groundwork is sell 'em All the shit they need. Sell 'em All the shit they need. And some of the shit you sell 'em, put a back door in there, put a little back door in there.


And they've been doing that. That's a fact. That's why Huawei was banned from the United States. They banned Huawei phones. They're the, they were the most sophisticated phones. I mean they were coming outta China. It was so good. Dude. They Was great. Yeah, those, yeah, I tried, I've told this before, forgive me if you heard it before, but I tried to buy a Porsche design Huawei phone. It was an amazing phone. It was like so much more advanced than iPhones. It had a bigger battery, it had like a hundred megapixel camera. And then right before it was coming out, they put the ban and then there's all these national security concerns. And Huawei is like spying on Americans and something about their routers and their systems. They figured out there's like backdoor possibilities that were engineered into these things.


So they sold us cell phone towers and computer chips and all this stuff and All the components that you need to run your ai. So wouldn't it make sense that if they're a part of it, they're integrated into it physically and we know they've put back doors on things. Wouldn't you put back doors on the stuff that you're putting into jets? Wouldn't you pack? It's like, who's making that stuff? Who's making all those electronics that are inside the jets? I think we make those. Do You think we make the chips? Do you think we make the chips? Do you think, do you think we make, what do we make? Do we make the hard drives? Are you sure?


I don't know. I don't know. Do we make the processors? It just seems like it would be the smart thing to do. We, It would be a very smart thing to do for your military. But do we make the, the, do we make the processors or have there been installed some sort of electronical backdoor into almost everything that we have? Almost everything we have or anything could be taken over. I think that it, it probably is the case, but it's definitely our government doing it. You know the Michael Hastings story, right? No. You don't know that story. Oh, this was the guy who was a journalist who was writing for Rolling Stone. And he goes over to Afghanistan. Was it Afghanistan? He goes over to Afghanistan and get stuck there because of the volcano.


So the volcano in Iceland, I think. So this volcano blows up and the sky's covered with dirt. You can't see for like weeks. So you can't fly. So he can't leave there. So he gets stuck with this troop. He's embedded with these troops. And they get loose. They get loose, they start saying things, they start talking shit about Obama, the general talks shit about Obama. And then this guy puts all this in the story and he puts all this in the story and they, they thought he was like one of their homies. We're just hanging out. We're just boys. He's not gonna write about that. I mean by like I wrote about all that shit. You get these 20-year-old kids, they're deployed at war and Of course they're gonna talk shit. They're kids. You get the generals like hanging out with these guys. They're gonna talk shit. They're a bunch of men out there doing war.


So he has to step down. And he, the general is one of the most beloved generals in the military. And then this guy is terrified for his life and his openness. The reporter, the reporter's terrified for his life because he's been threatened nothing to do. So then he dies on, was it Laurel Canyon? LaBrea? LaBrea. He, he dies on LaBrea going Melrose And Highland. Sorry. Oh, Melrose and Highland. And I'm watching the video right now. But that's, Well, either way. Either way. Point is he's in la he's going like 120 miles an hour and he goes straight into a tree and the car explodes. The car explodes and hit, watch how fast he goes, look at this.


He just hits the gas and boom, runs into a tree and explodes had said, you know, if anything happens, I didn't kill myself. And then the question was back then, so was this, 2005 13. 2013. So back then the question was do they have the technology to take over vehicles? And if you ask people that are honest, the answer is Yes. Yeah, they do. There's a way to do it. It's not impossible. It's not like, you know, breathing underwater. It's, it's, it can be done whether you have to get access to the actual car itself and put something in there.


I don't know. But that's why People, it can Be done. That's why people, like, it's gonna be a couple generations before people will be down with it being fully autonomous cars. Like, you know, we see all these driverless cars around this motherfucker All the time, but it's like, I ain't getting one of them motherfuckers. Yeah. Get the fuck Outta here. No way. But, but 'cause if they wanted to kill you, I mean, we saw that in the, the old, the, the new total recall, they did that where it's like All the cars drive themselves, but when they want to find you, they fucking stop your car, pull you over, You know? Yeah. Fuck that. Well, everybody's terrified about that, You know? And there's cars right now that they could shut off if, if there's a police chase.


That's what OnStar does. Right? So like, if you're in one of those Corvettes, I bet that Corvette has, OnStar does that Corvette of OnStar. So the, what the, the way they sell you OnStar is they say, well, Brian, if someone steals your car, we can just shut it off. And you're like, oh, that would be good. I don't want anybody stealing my beautiful car. But the, the other side of that is we could also just shut it off for other reasons. Right? Right. We can shut it off because we don't like you and we just decide to shut your car off. But don't worry, it says right here that, that's illegal. You could have the wrong political opinion depending on who's in power. You know, you want to give these people power because you don't want the other side to win. But then the problem is, now you've established that the government, which is not always you, is going to have power and they're gonna just be able to shut your fucking car off stolen C seven Corvette disabled remotely by police using OnStar.


Yeah. They just shut 'em off. See, that's a, that's a happy moment. Look at that. The, the, the sad moment is you got a trunk load of meth and you're making a run for it. They just shut your car off. Right. But imagine, imagine being a drug runner and, and getting All the features. Well, the drug runners always get caught going too fast. It's the dumbest fucking thing you'll ever hear. They always get busted going like 16 miles an hour over the speed limit. What's it saying, Jamie? Mandatory. Mandatory. My favorite comes with mandatory OnStar subscription. There's no way around it. One of my favorite online lawyers, whoa. He always goes, his name was Bruce Rivers, but he always saying, never commit a misdemeanor while you committing a felony.


Ooh. You know, it's like you, if you moving cocaine, don't break the speed of it. Yeah. Put on your seatbelt. Yeah. Yeah. It's just the dumbest. But you get these kids that are willing to do these drug runs and they're cocky and they're probably using. Right. So they're probably taking a little amphetamines while they're driving to stay sharp. Brian can't get sleepy behind the wheel. And they're probably not the most reliable people anyway. They're literal drug runners, like what they're doing could get them locked up for the rest of their fucking life. And they're probably gonna make $2,000 for doing this. Yeah. And they have some cool stories. Yeah. I mean, who, who's gonna make the money? They're probably doing it for somebody else. Right. They're probably moving it for somebody and they, they have to sell it and they get a piece and then, you know, and then they keep doing it.


And that's, that's, they just have to hope they don't get arrested. And then they do it a few times to get a little cocky. I mean, someone's bringing all this shit in, like, how's it getting in? How many car, if you're a cop and you're just out there looking around at All the, how many of these moving trucks have fentanyl in 'em? I think the CIA bringing most of it A bit, a bit of it. I mean, for Sure. Because who stop selling drugs when they get away with it? Nobody. Right. Why, why would they stop doing that? Right. Right. They just now they just know how to not get caught. Well, maybe they probably work with people. Yeah. 'cause 'cause please believe if we really, really wanted to stop drugs, it would be extreme. But we could, but we don't want To. Two would be too hard. You'd have to take away too much freedom from people. They wouldn't stand for it and they'd vote you at all. I'm Talking about just stop it from coming in the country.


Yes, you could stop it from coming in the country, but you're not gonna stop a demand. The the real problem is just like the prohibition of alcohol. And I'm not comparing meth with alcohol. 'cause I think most people, most people that I know responsibly use alcohol. They take a, a few drinks. I mean, I know a bunch of people who have abused it. I know a bunch of people stop, had to stop drinking. But most guys that we're friends with, you have a drink, you guys wanna do a shot, let's do a shot. Yeah. And then you go do your show and no one's getting drunk every night. Right. I don't, you know what I Mean? I rarely see anybody get Drunk. But if you're out there doing meth, there's a chance you're not engaging in like responsible meth use. There's a good chance if you're using meth, you're going hard.


You're Just microdosing. You're Just going, nah, no one ain't Mark go so bad. They're going hard. I think meth gets you to go hard. You're listening to fucking slayer in your car and you're fired up and you're making bad decisions. Yeah. I mean, you definitely just not thinking you're just doing, But what is Adderall Adderall's super close to meth. Super close. It's the, it's an amphetamine for sure. Yeah. It's not the same, but it's, And yeah. And You can, it's In the hunt. You Can, people do wild shit on that shit too. Especially if you take a lot of it. If you take a lot of it, it might as well be meth. If you still, and people abuse the shit out of everything, you tell 'em to take one, they're gonna take five or six. I Think the biggest problem is like, most people's lives suck so bad that like drugs is their only thing.


You know what I mean? That's true too. That's true Too. Because that's, that's happy. That's instant happiness. It's like That's true. Even when you, because you know what's, what's so funny is I think a lot of people assume that, that most of the, like homeless people on the street are homeless because they got a drug, they had a drug problem. But it's usually the other way around. They usually are fine when they hit the street and they, they start using drugs cause it wasn. Like, what else the fuck you gonna do? Where, what else you gonna get happiness from you not Right. You not warm, you not safe. Well, there's probably a bunch of different scenarios there, but a lot of it has to do with drug use and a lot of it has to do with self-medicating. A lot of those people are just like severely mentally ill and really should be in some sort of an institution. People are never gonna stop getting high.


No, they're not going to. This is, I'm smoking a cigar right Now and I, and I don't know if, I don't know what the, I don't know what the solution is. Oh, just legalize everything either. I Don't know. I I would've said that five years ago. But, and maybe that is the ultimate solution. But it, but the way it's implemented, 'cause I think they, they tried that in Seattle or Portland or Somewhere. Yeah. They had to stop It. Yeah. And so it's like, but they also just went from what we doing now to like, just everything's legal. Yeah. Yeah. But they also's Portland. They're ridiculous. Those people are ridiculous. That was Seattle, right? No, I think it was Seattle. Was it Portland or Seattle? Which one was it that, it was Oregon that legalized everything, right? Yeah. I think you're right. I think it was Oregon.


Yeah, it was, it was Oregon. So it was Portland. Portland's ridiculous. They're ridiculous. So if you just say you can just do drugs wherever you want, just do whatever you want. Everything's legal now. Everyone's just gonna be brazen about it. You've got a culture that was, that it was demonized for so long. And you have a, a culture of mental illness where people are looking for something to get them outta this rut that they're in. And the only thing that makes 'em feel good is fentanyl or Oxycodone or whatever the fuck they're taking. Whatever that shit that makes you lean over. What's that stuff? It's A lot of shit to do That. The stuff that they're doing. Yoga, the street Tran drink, something like that. I think whatever the fuck they're doing, these people, they're trying to escape. Right?


Yeah. And the the idea that you just like leave them, they're obviously like severely mentally ill. Like if we spend money on people with illness, why don't we spend money on people with mental illness? It seems like if you wanna support Medicaid, shouldn't you support like mass medical assistance to most of these people? 'cause a lot of 'em are probably severely mentally ill and unmedicated. And maybe they can be helped. Maybe someone can take 'em into an institution and give 'em, get somebody calling you a socialist right now in a common Section. I am in a lot of ways I am with some things like the fire department. I think the fire department is a very socialist idea. We're all gonna put our money into this.


This one group of people that's gonna act in the best interest of the entire community and put out fires everywhere, regardless of who's got money or doesn't. Like if you're a poor person and you live on this block and your house catches on fire, they don't say, we are not gonna put that fire out. We're only able to put the big guys fire out. No, a fucking house gets on fire. Everybody agrees that that fire needs to get put out. So the fire people move. That's, you spend your tax dollars on That. See, that's how I feel about healthcare. That's, it's, it's true. That's a good way to look at it. It's Like, imagine the fire department could deny you when your house was burning. See, The problem is they're already making so much money doing it the way they're doing it now. And they've got a really good system. If I was a business person involved in that system, not just a human being with ethics and morals, I would say this is the way to do it.


'cause this is the way we're gonna make the most money. Yeah. But, but people are tired of it. That's why people were cheering when that guy got shot, which is kind of fucked up. Here's, here's the truth of the matter. Some shit just can't be for profit if we, if we want it to be for the the best. Some stuff can't be for profit. The thing about that guy shooting that person that's the most disturbing. It wasn't just that everybody, that a lot of people cheered for it, but was the, the most disturbing was that people weren't mad, they weren't outraged. They didn't treat it like a regular assassination. It was like an assassination where he deserved it. Right. It didn't seem like a bad, even, even though people were like, that was horrible. It didn't seem like as bad a thing as like if someone shot John Lennon.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Or not even a famous person. If someone just randomly shot some, you know, executive as he was walking out, You know how I reacted the same way when they got Osama bin Laden? I was like, it's the same to me. Really? Yeah. It was like, because think about It. You felt, you feel like that insurance guy was Osama Lan? No, but I mean they both, they both are indirectly responsible for the death of how many Americans. Except he was doing it for profit. Osama was doing it for the love of the game or whatever. I do think it's a corporate capture issue. It's a, because I think the culture of the, the corporation is to make as much money as possible and deny more people than the other insurance companies do.


Like they, they had a higher rate of denying. Yeah. But you can't let people's grandmas die and no. Let them stay in pain and shit and then expect them to have empathy for it. Did You ever see that one video? I think we played it on the podcast where this woman talked about how she made a decision to deny someone care that they definitely needed and she was thanked by the company and then the guy wound up dying and she knows that she could have given him the lifesaving care. She could have approved it and she was rewarded for not approving it. Like they were like, you did the right thing. So that's like, the culture is not about, it's, see like what we were talking about earlier, it's not really about healthcare. Healthcare is the arena in which they're playing their game.


But the real game is the people behind the scenes that are trying to make money. And especially if you're doing something that is not, you don't have a lot of me, it doesn't give you a lot of meaning to deny people healthcare. It doesn't give you a lot of meaning. Like you don't feel like you have a meaningful life. So those people guarantee you, they get addicted to material stuff. They get addicted to getting a nice Rolex, I wanna get the newest Rolex. I want to get a fucking Ferrari. I want To, and you and you also gotta like it Got it. Got to switch up your whole ethic. Yep. Yep. And you gotta somehow or another placate yourself, whether it's with drugs or with buying a new purse, something you need new stuff all. You're not gonna live in a fucking log hut in the woods.


If you're living like that, you're not gonna be interested in starting your own fire and reading books by candlelight. Shut the fuck up. You, you're doing cocaine and you're trying to buy a house. Yeah. And you're surrounded by people that like Yeah. They're, they're impressed by the shit you're the doing too. So, And they're probably all medicated. Yeah. Everybody's on probably something that's like, allows them to like, not freak out All the time. Some sort of anti-anxiety medication because of what they're doing. And then they're not, they don't feel fulfilled in life. You know? You don't, you don't feel like that's a good relationship between you and the way you make money and the way you interact with people? Nah, I don't think they feel guilty. I mean, some people might feel guilty afterwards. I don't, I think a lot of 'em are medic.


I think they feel bad. I think they're medicated. I bet. Yeah. I bet. If you're in, I bet you have anxiety when you're doing stuff like that and you probably need an SSRI probably needle something, But, but it's like the easiest person to lie to is yourself. So it's like, you probably feel like shit. You get that first paycheck and you go, you start twisting shit. So you can justify it. Like, well, you know, somebody would do this. And you also realize, hey, the re rest of the public, they don't know. They don't know. That's just the insurance business. That's the business. Yeah. Well this is, this is standard. Yeah. Standard's a word they use a lot when they try to fuck you. They, people looked at it very differently than someone just shooting some other person. They almost looked at it, it like he deserved it. And it was, and it wasn't bipartisan. That's what I mean. That that was the wildest thing about the whole thing.


It was like, you couldn't tell but by any other information from anybody how they felt about it. I just felt nothing. Honestly. It was weird too. 'cause it gave a lot of liberal grifters the opportunity to celebrate someone getting shot and murdered violently. Which is like, should be the, the complete opposite of the way they view violent crime. They should think of violence as being the last Resort. Violence is abhorrent. Violence is not a part of a civilized society. We want kindness and compassion and you want people to be able to live their life. Help. You don't want violent murders on the street if you are a progressive.


But a lot of progressives were cheering when this guy got murdered. Yeah. I Mean the, It just shows how many grifters and hypocrites there are. The Thing is I would, 'cause for me, it just depends on who got murdered. I'm not rooting for a murderer, but certain people die. I'm like, eh, You know. Well, I don't even know what this guy's relationship to that guy was. I don't know why he wanted to kill him. I don't Specifically, and they haven't said specifically. I mean, it's a lot of speculation about was it a family member or like he'd had a back surgery that screwed him up. And, but I, like I said, I only, I only get the news that like rises, that's like forced in my face because I don't, I don't watch any of the, I don't watch the Channels.


To me it's, it's different than like, let's say some Iraq war veteran assassinated dick Cheney. Like that to me makes more sense. That one makes more sense. But I think people, like, here's a guy who knows that this guy engineered this thing where they lied about weapons of mass destruction, led us into a war that ultimately wind up killing. Who knows how many people. But I think pe I think Dick Cheney would've got a better reaction than, than this guy. You think people would've been sad that Dick Cheney got shot? Well, they would've thought it's very dangerous because whenever a vice president gets shot, everybody feels vulnerable. I think that's a, that's something that you can, you can, partisan is partisan has a word.


I think it's something you can make, you can make Try it out. You can partisan. But with, but like I said, that's what's special. That's what's special. That's what's special about this is Everybody got fucked over by Insurance. Everybody got fucked over. Like, so like there's people that love Dick Cheney. There's people that still hold, like those politics from back then. I don't know If anybody loved Dick Cheney. That's why it was really crazy when Dick Cheney endorsed Kamala and they were all like, yeah. Like what are, you know what that guy what You forgot. Yeah. But, but I just mean, I don't think people, I don't think he's as hated as, I mean, the truth is nobody, I didn't even, nobody knew that CEO's name before this. But the whole business is hated. So it's like he became the face for that. And it's, it's definitely apolitical.


It's like, like, I don't know, a single, I don't know a single person that hasn't had an issue with health insurance. Yeah. Well again, it's a business, it's a business designed to make money. And all of them wanna make, I mean, they have an obligation. They need to make more money next quarter. What can we do? What can we do? They start denying people. And if you're using ai like specifically to deny people, like, like let's make this more efficient. Wow. Is That what's happening now? I don't know if that's true, but I've read it, I've read it that it's some insurance companies are using AI to deny more claims than ever. See if that's true. I wouldn't be shocked. Would you be shocked if you're a company and you're trying to make the most money and you find out that there's software that allow you to make more money and all you care about is making money, you're not really caring about healthcare.


You don't want people to feel, if you did you just say, we should all make less money and give out more money to these people. We could, you know, accept more claims and we would have a, a much healthier world. That's not right. And we would feel better karmically. Right. Wouldn't that be nice if they thought like that? You'd have to own the company. You'd have to be like a guru, like a really calm, peaceful guru. And you would own the company and just have like an ethical insurance company and not give anybody stake in it. Don't let anybody like try to juice the system. 'cause they wanna make more money. Oh, Like a, like not like not a public company. Exactly. Stay private. Stay private. Yeah. But don't you think the type of person that State golden pony boy wanna Make an insurance company? Like I think you would've to be a certain type.


A certain type. Yeah. You have to be a psycho. I should profit from suffering somehow. Yeah, I should. Well, you're gambling, right? You're gambling that something doesn't happen to you that's more expensive than All the payments you've given me every month for 10 years. Yeah. Because I think if you, if you start heading in that direction of like ethical healthcare, yeah. Eventually you gonna arrive at though there shouldn't be health insurance. It should just cost what it costs. It Should. Well it should probably be the same way we treat the fire department. But if we're gonna do that and people say, what about all these people that are obese? What about all these people that are like eating bad food? Yeah. We gotta educate our society. We have to think of ourselves as a community, as a collective community. Educate ourselves. And healthcare should be something that's paid for by the government.


Insurance companies use artificial intelligence to automatically deny claims, which You can raise concerns about bias and inaccuracies, which can raise concerns about bias and inaccuracies. If your claim is denied by ai, You can take steps to understand your rights and challenge the denial, keep records document all correspondence with your insurer, including denial letters and any communication about ai. A lawyer can help you understand your rights and determine if the denial was made in bad faith. Like you're fucked. Yeah. For most people, especially people that work all day and you're dealing with this shit, you're fucked. I Mean, I think this is in California, Landmark law prohibits health insurance companies from using AI to deny healthcare coverage.


All right, that's great. Especially like using it specifically to deny. So that's California, that's great law. The whole country should adopt that using AI to deny. Yeah. I really think that the problem is that there's been a long history of profit for healthcare and that they go into it to profit. And the the real problem with that is, seems silly, right? You want, but you also want the best surgeons, right? You want the best doctors and they have to be motivated. And most of them are motivated both by excelling in their practice and also by material possessions that reward them. Like doctors always have like a Porsche. Doctors have a Mercedes, doctors have a nice house.


Like you should be a doctor Brian, you should be a doctor. Nice doc doctors make a lot of money, but they also have a fuck load of bills and they have a fuck load of insurance. Okay? So they have, the problem with them is like liability insurance. Like liability insurance for malpractice insurance for doctors is crazy expensive. But don't doctors still make good money in country states? They do, but they're, they're constantly moving people in and outta their office because they got a fucking heavy nut to cover every month. Convenient. Yes. United Health is facing multiple class action lawsuits over its use of algorithms. It's investment practices and it's treatment of patients. Algorithm use, claim processing.


UnitedHealth is facing a class action lawsuit over the algorithm it uses to process claims. Yeah. Big lawsuit Of health. Yeah. Yeah. Monsters. Monsters. But this is also because we've set up a system of profit. Now imagine if that system of profit existed for the fire department. Imagine if you had to pay fire department fees every month. And if you didn't and your house burned, they go, Hey Brian, we just checked and you don't have fire coverage. And so then now you're fucked. That sounds you can, you can't get her so money. That's crazy, right? Yeah. I mean I, I haven't seen that Happen. So we agree that the fire department should be kind of a socialist organization. Yeah. Okay. Why not healthcare? Yeah, that's how I feel.


But then the problem is, you know, Dr. Fucking Grossman, he wants, wants a Ferrari, he's the baddest motherfucker for fixing knees. He fixes everybody's knees on the Lakers. He wants some money. Give him a Ferrari. He's the best. Yeah. But the problem with that is like, how do you pay, how do you, like how much does everybody get paid? Does the government just pay everybody the same way they're getting paid now? Or does it become like a government job? Like, You know, like you're a, a state appointed defense attorney. It becomes like the NF nfl, you know what I mean? Like not as motivated as some like super high powered defense attorney that, you know, handles huge cases and knows the law inside. You know what I'm saying?


It's like, who's gonna fix you now? That's worth, worth it. 'cause like my friends in Canada, they say yeah, healthcare is free. But like one of my friends, she had a weight, my friend Jen, she had a wait like a year plus to get a ACL surgery and it's all fucked up still. So like for this ACL surgery, she's waiting like a whole year to get her knee fixed. I'm pretty sure. I hope I'm not speaking outta school. I'm pretty sure it was, it was close to a year. And so she's got a bad knee for a year. Whereas like in America, you're supposed to be able to go to the doctor. The doctor says your healthcare is up. Yep. You definitely tore your ACL Brian. Okay, well good news is you're covered. You know, you have a deductible, but this is your deductible. Okay. We can schedule you for February 16th. This is what we need you to do. No aspirin, no this, no that, you know, don't eat within eight hours you get here.


'cause you're gonna go under, they tell you they prep you for surgery Or they tell you all of that. And then they go, oh actually you not covered because you didn't tell us about this thing from Yeah. You okay, well I still need the surgery and I don't have, You know, $50,000. Right. It's like that's the shitty part. Yeah. 'cause there's some people that like, they are healthy and they take care of themselves and they pay their insurance and then, You know, they get a tumor or something, you know, unforeseen. Yes, 100%. And they're completely fucked. They're Completely fucked. And it's like, that shouldn't be possible. Well how about this fire insurance deal in California? What happened? Like a giant percentage of those people that lost their homes in that fire. They didn't have insurance.


These insurance companies pulled out a fire coverage. What? Oh, bro. Did, did you also know there's fucking this fires the same thing's happened in South, south America and Africa. Really? Yeah, just whole places is burning the fuck down. Just, I, I'm, I'm shocked that I'm not hearing more about that. 'cause you know, I only, Here's the thing about the fires. There's satellite video of those fires. All three of 'em starting at the same time. You ever seen it? No. No. It's super suspicious. Super, super suspicious. There's, there's a set, there's satellite footage of All the three fires starting at the same time Simultaneously. Yeah.


You wanna see it? Yeah, I did. You need to see it? 'cause it's so creepy. I think it was arson. I think somebody did it. Whether it was a schizophrenic person that a fire bug. There's a lot of those people that are fire bugs, man. There's people that are like actual arsonists. And when you get into the conditions that happened in the Santa Ana winds when California's dry, like you remember when it was? Oh yeah. Well you, you were there in 2018 with that big crazy fire, right? Yeah. Did you see any of that on the 4 0 5? Yeah. It Was insane. Yeah. And it, and I, and I remember there being a big one, probably like 2007, two or 2008. The thing is like, it doesn't have to be some crazy conspiracy. Like people think it's a conspiracy, a land grab this whole thing. Maybe, maybe.


But also people start fires. It's a, it's a a, a known crime. In fact, one of the people that they arrested, he had a fake firetruck. So this dude was a, a known arsonist, I believe from Oregon. He bought a firetruck and drove with a fireman's outfit and was going into these areas. That's actually hilarious. And he's a arsonist, like a known a so he's probably starting fires. He Arsonist with a fire truck. How crazy is that? But some people are just out of their fucking minds man. Including a lot of firemen. Like that's a problem with firemen. There's there's been firemen who have started fires. But it's wild that you like they, I feel like if you go to prison for arson, like you purposely burnish it.


If they let you out, they should at least track you. Like they track pedos, You know? Well You're, you've killed a lot of people. Like if one of these, if someone, a human being was caught that did definitely lit these three fires that appear simultaneously. If a human being did that, they're responsible for, I don't know how many deaths, how many people died? I think it's 25 or something like that. Yeah. 25 burned alive. How many, how much damage? How many people are gonna die? The damage. Sure. Like you're in jail for the rest of your life. For everything. For the damage. You're in jail for the rest of your life. You, you, you owe $350 billion and counting. It's $350 billion of damage. And then Altd is gone And Aren, they still having the Grammys or whatever or the Emmys?


I don't know. They probably are. Well we did the UFC there. We did the UFC like in the middle of the fires. Oh Wow. I didn't think we were gonna do it. I was like, are we gonna do it here? And Dana was like, we're gonna do it. The Clippers are gonna play there on, I forget what day but earlier in the week. And if the Clippers play, we're gonna do it. Otherwise they were gonna do Vegas. They were just gonna move everybody to Vegas if it got worse. Because they keep starting new ones start Not one of one. No. There's one that's up in Santa Clarita. Somebody started one up there or something. Started one up there. The 2018. They know it was an accident. 'cause they know there was a part, the part that cost $1, that one part failed and it started a fire.


A $1 part. Yeah. I think we're gonna just see more and more of this. It's getting hot and Well have to fix it. They have to fix it. You have to clean up the brush. You have to do what they did with the water where they opened up the water from the north to come flow freely down to the south and not diverted into the Pacific Ocean that fill up the reservoir that you had. That was 11 million gallons. That was empty fucking psychos. Like what are you doing? You clearly, you haven't taken the right steps. If that can happen, it can be at least mitigated. You're always gonna have those crazy winds. You're always gonna have arsonists. You're always gonna have things that fuck up or something Starts a fire accidentally. But Don't they don't they do all that shit every, don't they do like controlled burns and all of that stuff Every Year.


Fact check old satellite footage falsely linked to 2025 LA wildfires. This is saying. So what is that video of three fires starting simultaneously? 'cause people were saying it was the California fires is the, I don't know, looks like it. This is just A picture. But this is from 2020 four's. Fires. These are, fires are in a different spot than the ones that just happened. So I don't know if that's the one the, it's hard to say. This Is the captioned From the, so it's mis captioned. So it's not true. What about the one where it shows a person starting the fire? 'cause there is one video where they think that they have an image, an actual image of a guy starting the fire.


I think it was a person near it, but I'll double check. Whoops. Just happened to be near it with a blowtorch. How about that guy? They caught that one guy and he is like, I was just lighting my joint. He had a blowtorch in his hand and they made like a citizen's arrest. Oh yeah. But he might have been telling the truth. Nope. Dude had been arrested like eight times. He had, he had vandalism all kinds of shit on his resume. Violent crimes. I believe that Don't mean that don't mean he was lying. Well he had, he was running around in a fire with a blow torch. Hey bro, put that down. Yeah, but how you gonna light your, how you gonna light your shit and A lighter? Yeah, it was, he said he couldn't afford a lighter bitch. A lighter is a quarter. Yeah. That's wild. I mean that's wild. I just to like carry a blow. Social Lighter. How much is a lighter? How much is like one of 'em little bick lighters.


A dollar. Is that a dollar? Yeah, like a dollar maybe. It's probably a dollar 20 something. See if it's made in America, it's gonna cost more. All right. Yeah. Otherwise China's gonna chop off our fucking supply of Bicks. Who makes Bicks? Am I guessing? See I'm see in, in my head. I was thinking like you in the house, you can't find the light up. So you're like, I got a torch. I'm gonna use that. I'm run around on the streets. But you're saying he was like walking around outside But he found him out where the fires were. Yeah. With a blow torch. And he said it was empty. He's like, look, it's empty. It's like, even if you're telling the truth, like your stupid ass deserve, but Also you just the Inconvenience. Yeah. It was a criminal. What was I just gonna ask you to Google? I'm trying to find a picture of the satellite of a person near the fire when it started.


But Huberman filmed, people starting fires. Andrew Huberman, he was driving down the street and he caught these guys starting a fire and filmed it, put it on its phone. It's like people are starting fires here because you got all these homeless people and crazy people and people that wanna burn it all down, man. And while the fire is going on, they feel like, fuck it man, let's fucking, let's help this fucking fire. Fuck these rich people. I mean it's the palisade. It's like the richest people in all of la Mm. You think that's their motivations? Yeah, I think a lot of that for the arsonists. I think it's a lot of it is like, fuck society. My life sucks. I think a lot of people just, there's crazy people like the guy from Oregon that are like, almost like amateur firefighters.


Like amateur arsonists. Did you see? It's like their, that's their side project. Did you See Chappelle talk about it on his SNL monologue? I didn't, man. It's the best one ever. Yeah. Easy. I know. I need to sit down and watch it. Everybody tells me it's awesome. It's, yeah, it's the best monologue I've ever seen. Oh, on SNL Well he talks about Palestine and co compares Palestine too. Yeah, he, he pretty much went, he pretty went through, went through All the major things that's going on. The Palestine thing is nuts. I watched a video yesterday of Gaza and I don't know if you've seen like, fly over drone footage or what it looks like now. Nope. You wanna see it? Yeah, I see it. Oh, do you Want like live? Nah, I wanna see, see it. I see it because I said I never see shit like this.


It's crazy. You shouldn't go looking for it. Good. Nah, nah. I won't send it to you anymore. Nah. I just, no, I don't mind if people send me the news, but I just don't actively go seek it out. This Is so depressing Because I'm like, if it's, if it's, if it's something I need to know, somebody will tell me about it. They, there's a lot of before and after videos where they'll show someone driving down a road before and they show what it all looks like now. It's like the city doesn't exist anymore 'cause it's so, it's like if way bigger than downtown Austin wiped off the map. Look at this. Yeah, This is crazy. So this is flying drone footage over Gaza City and it's just, everything's destroyed.


Everything's destroyed. It's like a, like a nuke went off. Look at this from the sky. When you look at it like as far as the eye can see, just destruction. Everything's got a missile hole in it. Everything's collapsed. Everything's fucked up. Every now and then, like one house in or one building in between is untouched. But most of it is fucking destroyed. If I was the guy who lived next door to that house, that's perfect. I'd be like, who did you pay? Motherfucker. Right. He doesn't even get blown up once. I mean, This is crazy. Crazy. And this is right now. Right now. And somehow we're being fed that this is the only way to do this, right?


I mean, and then somehow I know this is acceptable to get rid of Hamas just to completely annihilate everybody. I mean the, the number of people that are dead now is off the charts. They don't even know how many Bro, This look, this looks insane. Insane. Insane. It's insane. And it's happening right now. Oh, this is how it used to look Is what it used to look like. Look at that. Shops and cars. And now it's just, just destroyed everything. Destroyed. They bombed the fuck outta everything. Boy, this shit make you feel something. Well this is like, this is never coming back. Like this is like, they essentially like moved everybody out of there.


Like who's gonna stay there now? What is all of this sh what is all of the is what is, what is that? What is All the tents? Temporary tents. Oh wow. Tents where people have to like stay in tents. And by the way, they might bomb those tents too. The whole thing's very scary dude. Because the, it's, it's just at a level of destruction that's impossible to say that you support it. It's like, this is insane. These are human lives. Like how many, how many people are dying here? Is this the only way to do this? Is this the only way to do this? This seems, this seems crazy. Yeah. And how did you guys get to this point? Damn, see man, see Joe, you know, this is why I avoid the news. Good.


It's 'cause All the happiest, All the stupidest people I know are happiest shit. So I'm like, I just need to know less. No, You need to and I can enjoy. I think there's something to that, You know, less. I think we kind of need to pay attention nowadays. I think things are getting real weird. Real weird. 'cause because you know what it is? It's the death of truth. Like, it's hard to know if it's true. You hear something, it sound true and then you hear something else go, that's not true. And, and then both can point to the links and studies and you're like, I, it's just stressful trying to figure out what's correct And what isn't. Yeah. That's on purpose. I know that's on purpose. That's they're, they're doing a real good job of confusing people.


That's when I, when I, you know, And everybody thinks they're right. Everybody thinks they're right. Yeah. And there's also a lot of stuff that's going on behind the scenes. Like a lot of the way stories are amplified is to serve as a distraction from other things that are taking place at the same time. Like they love to do stuff like that where they'll push out a story, like some inflammatory story that really the design of that story is to get you distracted from other things that are going on simultaneously. That's what I think a lot of this, when I think about the UFO stuff, I'm always like, man, this, if I wanted something to distract the shit outta people, this is a really good one. Oh. But not saying that that's what they're doing, but it makes me Should the the scientific discovery yesterday?


No, you were about to tell me at the beginning. They fucking, they had a, they they found a, a asteroid. Oh, I Did see this. And it had like most of the ingredients for life on it. Yes. Like All the amino acids. Not all of them, but like all but three. And then all of, I forget what the big ass word this lady used, but it, I think this was a theory before, but it's becoming more and more likely that life was seeded by Asteroid Impacts an asteroid or something. Yeah, That's a, a theory called panspermia Panspermia Me. Yeah. And it also accounts for some things that don't fit in like, like psilocybin mushrooms.


Like they, there's something very alien about them that one of the things about spores that spores can survive like almost anything they could survive in a vacuum that could survive through space. Like spores are like insanely durable. And it's if you have the potential for all of these amino acids and d different minerals and, and there was absolutely salt on that. Right? Wasn't there salt on that rock as well? I don't know. I mean, lemme see. I think there was a bunch of different elements of life on that asteroid. And why not spores? And if, you know some mushroom that grows on another planet where these human beings interact with nature through it, then it just lands here on earth.


Did You find it Osiris Rex mission? So they found amino acids, nucleotide bases, minerals from salt water and more. Yeah. So that means it has All the building blocks of life and it comes from salt water and a chunk of it comes flying off. Isn't that nutty? Like that's how a lot of things they think that's like maybe how the water got here. That's one of the theories. An a Yeah. That like comets a comet. Yeah. That comet's hit us and that's where we got the water. Is that a real theory still because they changed those, you know, like they look at 'em and they go, well maybe like now they, they're wondering with whether dark energy is real.


They think maybe time moves differently in between galaxies. Like they've got some like new theory. Yeah, I've heard, I've heard, I've heard what's, I think I heard Neil Degrass Tyson talk about that recently. All of it is like, what Are you even saying? Yeah. Or, or like, or that gravity is different in different places. Something like that. They think there's like that gravity and space time moves differently in the voids in between galaxies and planets. Wait a minute, who's saying that? Who's saying that? Like what are you saying? Right? That's what I'm saying, bro. They Thinking that's what accounts for the, I just need to know less 'cause it's breaking my brain. That's why they're apart from each other.


It's not that dark energy is pushing them away from each other. I don't know like, 'cause this, this is the theory of like dark matter and dark energy. It's like 90 something percent of the universe is this theory. Right? Right. So what does that mean? So if it's not that then is 90% of the universe what it's like just space time moving in a different way? Like what happened? Yeah. So I mean science has been kind of killing it. Well they've got some new tools now. Like that James web telescope. That thing's crazy. Yeah. Remember when I first told you about it hadn't launched yet and I was like, that's gonna change everything. Well I remember Duncan told me something about it a long time ago. He said they found something that they think is at least 22 billion years old.


They found some star cluster or something that they think is 22 billion years old. So it throws the whole big bang thing. No. Is he talking about the meth star? No, that's interesting too. 'cause the Methuselah star is actually older somehow than the entire universe, which doesn't make any sense. It's like 14 plus billion years old. So it's like a little bit older than what they think was the big bang. But then didn't somebody recently, well not recently, but didn't someone say that like it's still within the margin of error. Yeah, it's still within the margin. The Methuselah star is, but not this new discovery. So the new discovery for the James Flood telescope is they found galaxies that formed too quickly and that they, they formed so long ago, like so far away.


'cause they could see bigger now bigger now that it's changing. Like there's two things possible. Maybe we were wrong about how quickly galaxies form, maybe they form way quicker or maybe the universe is way older than we think. It's so maybe the reason why these things exist and then you can find them. And then although there's things that like blink in and that they exist at one point in time and don't exist anymore. They don't know what the fuck those are. These red lights, that red spots that they found in the universe. But they think that it's very, people are very reluctant to commit. Right. 'cause they don't really know. But the potential is that the universe is not 14 or 13 point whatever billion years old, but maybe as old as 24 billion years old.


Or maybe The next time you come in here, I wanna be to the head the next time you have one of these motherfuckers, these Lawrence Rauch, these Mothers. Do you wanna be in here with that Mico cock? Yeah. Because I love, I'm fascinated by this kinda shit. The Problem with two people talking is like, I kind like lock in on these dudes And I just wanna listen. Yeah, but you, I'd want you to chime in too, that just the like with some of these people, like you have to have one-on-one because even if I do two guests, like everybody always has something cool to say, right? Yeah. And then someone else is talking and you wanna, and it's hard, it's hard to like work it. And when you got someone who's talking about something like very esoteric, very difficult to grasp, you know, they're talking about like quantum physics.


You try, they're trying to explain to you the, the, the, these the dynamics of these subatomic particles. You're like, what? Yeah. You need like one person just locked On. Every time I hear a quantum physicist talk, I never understand everything they say, Bro, I barely understand a, a fraction of what they're talking about. Even when they talking about other shit. Yeah. Yeah. Like they're Operating on a different level. You try to give you a fucking recipe. Oh Yeah. Jeez. Christ man. Weinstein's crazy smart in a, a spooky way. I know. But he's like, he forgets how much smarter than Right. He'll talk to you in a way that like, you're like, I don't even know what you're saying.


Yeah, Bro. Like I don't have that degree, bro. Yeah. Well he has a theory of everything. I do not understand it at all. I don't know how many people could follow it. I don't understand it. But that kind of person that would sit around and try to create a theory of everything he's of the, the belief that potentially we're looking at us made stuff that's like super advanced and that they've put a lid on it somehow. But why? What would be the purpose of that? Because I think if you develop something in secrecy, like they do All the time with like the stealth bomber, all these different things. Even the Manhattan project, you develop things in secrecy and then there comes a time where you, you test them, you use them, you have them, but then are you gonna admit you have them?


'cause then the enemy's gonna infiltrate. They're gonna find out you have 'em, there's espionage, they're gonna steal your information. They've been doing that forever. We talked about these back doors that China has and all our electronics or potentially could have, right? How many things are vulnerable because of ai Now? How many things are vulnerable because everything's attached to the internet? How many things could be hacked? Who fucking knows? But the, the reality is we're in like a, a very uniquely vulnerable position in terms of if someone did have that kind of technology that could take over AI systems, that could kill the power grid, that could fly things through the sky autonomously that move at speeds that are impossible to imagine with conventional aircraft and can really, like you said, park it over the White House.


Maybe part of what he's saying is true. Maybe he really did write that. Maybe someone wrote that. And it's like some truth and some wacky shit to try to throw you off of the truth. Which is also a strategy that gets used when you have something that's like a real conspiracy. You know what you do? You attach it to a bunch of other shit like witchcraft, voodoo, fucking ghosts. Attach it to stupid shit. Yeah. You make it sound crazier. Make it sound crazy. Yeah. These, these people came from, they, Bigfoot is an interdimensional traveler who communicates with people telepathically And you know, add some stuff to it that just makes it stupid. But inside of it have like the truth. They definitely do that. They do that to make people's stories seem stupid when they go and tell 'em to the press.


Yeah. I mean that's what I would do if I was, if I, if it was in my interest to keep some kind of weird thing secret. Like, tell people you just gonna sound crazy. Well, if you were like abducted by a UFO you're gonna sound crazy. What are you gonna do? Like You walk in the green room and you see, and you see me changing heads, you know, I mean me, me I turn around like, oh, have You been a robot this Whole time? Yeah. It's like no one will leave you. Yeah. The the new Alien Romulus. Yeah. Have you seen the new one? Oh yeah, it was great. It's fucking great. Actually. I saw it. That was the first time I actually enjoyed one of those, I don't know, they call 'em four D or D Box where like the, they got the smoke and all that shit, You know.


Oh, You went to one of those places? That's I saw that movie. Yeah. Oh. Oh, that's a good move. Yeah. And the thing is, it's not a consistent experience yet, but that was the best one I've had so far. Oh. Especially when I felt, when I realized like you could turn the water off. 'cause 'cause like when like the alien spray some other shit get on you and shit. Oh. It's like a spray from the ceiling. And I was like, you know, I'm having a good time, but I Don't wanna get wet, but can I turn this fucking water off? Ha. But you but You can. I just didn't realize it for way too long. It was the first of these alien movies since the original that captured the spirit of the original one. Yeah. Like the fear of going through the corridors, not knowing where that thing, is it hunting you the way it got to those people. That was a good alien movie.


I think that was the best alien movie since Alien One, I think. Ugh. Alien Two was like that though. Yeah. But Alien two that were too easy to kill. I didn't like how they could just gun 'em down, But, but you're right. It was the same sort of, I don't know, Prometheus was kind of the same kinda spirit Too. Prometheus was pretty good. Covenant was better. I liked Covenant. Covenant was really good. Michael Fastbender, he's the shit. I didn't like Prometheus until the second time I watched it. Oh yeah. But Yeah, 'cause it just wasn't what I was expecting, you know? Mm. It's like I Right. But once I saw it, like on its own merit, it was like, It was, I think covenant's better. Prometheus is pretty good. But you know, they had this story to tell about like seeding DNA and the fucking, the operators speak.


Oh no, You right. Yeah. Covenant was, covenant was the one where they, where they where they landed. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that was great. The, the, the other one was, there was the actual like human-like aliens in their planet and they have like some war and they all die. And this one guy comes to remember, these guys remember? Yeah. That's Prometheus. The, I forget what they called them. Did they call them the operators? No, But there was, it said no Xeno Morphs, but they didn't, they didn't have a war. They, they were seeding of the planets. They're gonna do a Prometheus too. Says. Says no Xenomorphs and Prometheus too. Oh, they're gonna have a Prometheus too. It's gonna be old articles. I'm just, I hope they do another one stumble across it because you have like a whole universe of alien possibilities now because they skip timelines and shit.


You know, like this one, they is like right after the Nemo gets blown up and they find it and they find the dude, you know, you saw it. Yeah. It's fucking good. Well, You know what was double about Aliens One and what was the one? The, the one Prometheus? No, no, the Aliens two. The latest one. Oh God, what did I call it? Romulus. So what what they had in common was like the, the, the protagonist didn't know what they were dealing with. Right. So that's, they made it more exciting, you know? Right, Right, right. 'cause it was right afterwards. So people hadn't known yet. Yeah. And every and All the other aliens after there was like Yeah. Susoni. We was like, I know exactly how to deal With these fuckers. Exactly. Right.


Get away from her. You bitch. Please believe me. Yeah. When she's got the fucking robot suit on. I didn't like that either. She, that thing would fuck her up in that robot Suit. And then wasn't there one where like, they, like she gave birth to Juan? Yeah. Sigourney Weaver was probably the first woman that was the badass in the lead franchise of a science fiction action movie. And it was 1979, Bro. Speaking of which, yo Charice Theone. It's a, it's a movie on Netflix. I have no idea why it wasn't bigger, but it, it's called like she's a, she's a Mortal. Can you look that up? She's immortal. Yeah. She's A, she's a, she's leads this team of Immortals.


Ooh. And they're like mercenaries or whatever. So it's like a superhero movie. Ki kind of Old Guard. Old guard as good as shit. Really? Yeah. And she really, she's real good at playing like a badass, you know, she played Fiosa, she killed that Shit. Yeah. Well she also played Eileen weo, that serial killer bitch. Yeah. She don't fuck around. Yeah. So, Yeah, she's a beautiful woman and she gained like 50 fucking pounds to play that person. Really? Yeah. She got fat shaved, her eyebrows off looked disgusting. Like Charron is beautiful. I mean, she's like stunningly good looking. Yeah. I've seen her in person. And then you see what she looked like in that movie. Like, You know, the kind of courage that it takes to do that I didn't see it. I Didn't see it. Oh, you never saw a monster, Bro.


Okay. No, I've, I've seen Monster. Yeah. Monster's a great fucking movie. Shout out to my friend Patti Jenkins, who made it. Wow. But that movie was like, no ladies do that. Like Robert De Niro did that, You know, You know, Marky Marks done that. Stallone got Fat for a movie. They'll do that, but like for her. Wow, bro. Yeah. Crazy. And she looks just like that way. No, but I, no, but I didn't see this. I I, I was mixing this up with another movie called, look, I Piss on Your grave or something. Oh yeah. There's a revenge, there's a revenge movie called I Piss On Your Grave. I was telling you before, you know what's good, it's Nas Rado. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna go watch it. I'm, I'ma download it for the plane. Actually, it's, I'm saying it right now.


It's the best vampire movie ever, ever. The best vampire movie Ever. That that's, that's a big statement. That's a big statement. I'm saying it, it's the best vampire movie ever. It's the creepiest vampire movie ever. So you're saying it's better than Blade. Blade was awesome, but Blade was a superhero movie more than it was a So you don't, cause you don't Count Blade as a vampire movie. It Was a vampire movie and that the superhero had to kill the vampires. But he's a Marvel comic guy. I've known Blade since I was a teenager. I was into Marvel Comics. So Blade's a vampire movie the way that like Diehards a Christmas movie. Yeah. Blade was a badass martial artist who was half Vampire, who was fucking up Vampires. He was the Day Walker. It's a fun superhero movie more than anything. But The movie wasn't really about the vampires.


Yeah, right. Okay. She's saying it was like they were the enemy and he was the good guy. That was the movie. Okay. The movie was essentially, You know, revenge. They killed Ridler. Oh shit. You know? So what about like, what's the one that the, the Teenage Heart Thro one that kind of ruined it. Oh, Twilight. Yeah. That's Bullshit. But do you consider those vampire Movies? Yeah, those are vampire movies. Okay. All right. All right. They're fun. They're fun. If you're a girl, like, there's a lot of stuff that girls like that I don't like, I don't have to like it for it to be good. Obviously it made hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. People love those movies, but, You know, I'm not one of those people that's like, it doesn't have to be good for me to like it. 'cause there's a lot of people that like bad movies. Right. I, I can't get with it. Yeah. I don't, I'm not a fan of watching bad movies, but, but Nas Ferrato is Is the trailer for Nosferatu.


Yeah. It's really good dude. It's really good. Like, for real, like, if you like a good old fashioned hog vampire movie and the dude who plays Count or Lock is the dude who played Pennywise in it. Oh wait. And it's the best vampire ever. They're probably not gonna show you anything in the trailer, what he looked like, but, holy shit, dude. There's this one scene where you get to see like his whole body naked when he rises up out of the coffin. Spoiler alert. It's insane. The, the, and not just creepy, but beautifully shot. Oh, I remember seeing previews for this. Oh dude, it's good.


It's good. It's good then. And they're not gonna even show you. And even in the trailer, they don't show you the vampire. See, I like that. And when you, when when you do get to see the dude, it's incredible. That's not real. That is like some fan made shit. There's a video where you could see him Google or lock So much of the shit on the internet is bullshit. I was, try not to spoil it for Brian. What, what he looks like. It's a big reveal in the movie. I don't know really, but it's based on the, the image, the way he looks is based on the original legend of Dracula, which was a guy named Vlad the Impaler.


So Oh, he was real. Yeah. Yeah. This is what he looks like in this. No, but you gotta see it like, this is a very toned down version of it. See it, it's incredible. But like, if you like a good, scary horror movie, it's the best vampire movie. Big reveal. I love a Reveal. It's a great reveal. It's really good. And it, they drag it out. Like you get to see 'em kind of in the beginning and then, then eventually you get to really see 'em and you're like, oh my God. And this isn't my take. I've heard other people talk about it like this. But that's the other thing that made Alien great was like before it's like you don't always show the monster. Exactly. Exactly. Right. Cause it wasn like, 'cause because 'cause 'cause like horror is like seeing the monster and how much it's gonna definitely kill you.


Yes. But like terror is like knowing that there's some shit in here and I don't know what the fuck it is. You need a little foreplay. Yeah. Yeah. It is like, I walk in foreplay Before you get horrified. Why is Johnson dead? Yes, he was. I was just in here with it. What the fuck? Why the Wall built it? Yes. You know, that's the, that's the shit that makes it Good. Exactly. Exactly. And this movie does it Perfect. Jaws. Jaws, yeah. That's why Jaws was such a hit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's right. That's right. Jaws was Great. It still holds up predators still. You ever seen Predator? Predator holds up? That Still holds up the first predator? If it bleeds, we can kill it. No, no, no. My fa my favorite line is when is when Jesse Ventura? No, no. When they walk into the woods in the, in, in the, and old boy keeps making noise. He goes, he goes, you fucking this motherfucker.


Like, he tell him like, if you make, if you keep making noise, I'm gonna bleed you. Woo. I'm like, leave you out here. I forget what, I forget what the word is he used, but he was like, I was like, are you telling everybody where the fuck we at? By the way, you moving, talking, tripping, slotting. Yeah. There's something about that. The idea that a sporting alien would come down and hunt people. That's uniquely scary. So many iconic scenes in there too. Oh yeah. The the, the joint where the, with a native dude is like, fuck it. Yeah. That long one. I'm take off my shit. I'm gonna cut my chest. What's up? Yeah. That, that's a fucking dope one. The the one where they, where, where Arnold and Apollo Creed. Where they do this Right here. Yeah. So, so this is what's wild.


That's a meme now. Yeah. Right. Just but just their arms. And, and a lot of people don't even know that it is from Predator. They just, they just see it as like, that's the, that's the meme. Right, right, right. Yeah. I've showed, I've tried to show that to one of my nephews. He was like, oh, that's the, that's like the cooperation meme or whatever the fuck they called It. They started getting silly with aliens versus predator. Remember that? They were doing that for a while. There it is. I'm here. I'm here for that. I'm here. Oh, that's an arm wrestling. Senior predator. Yeah. That's it. They're like, this is how too bad asses. Say hello. Yeah. They have arm wrestling in the air. It's so stupid. It's so dumb. No, this movie was, the dialogue is crazy.


That's back when Carl Weathers was jacked. Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. I did know when to quit. Huh? You didn't know it to quit. Huh? What is this fucking tie business? Ah, come on, forget about a Tie. The way they acted back then was like, it was a different form of language. Ah, yeah. It's like, it seemed so fake compared like, if, if that was like a director today, like the same director that didn't know sra, he'd be like, cut, cut. What are we doing? Yeah. Are you guys really meeting each other for the first time or is this like a play? Come on. But also, and also it's like, convince me bro, the run that Arnold had, Oh, he did a y of great movies. Like just actions. Like he's the Action Conan bro. He did Conan, Conan the Bob, You know, who was the best Conan though?


What? Jason Momoa. What? Jason Momoa did a terrible Conan movie. But he was the best Conan 'cause he was the only Conan that looked like Conan really looked like Conan was like super muscular. But he wasn't a bodybuilder. He looked like a killer. He looked like a UFC fighter. He looked like, like Yuri Prohaska would be a good Conan like that kind of build like a big strong guy but not a bodybuilder. And also it's like the film was more stylistically appropriate to like the Conan lore. But What do you mean how Conan looked In the books? Oh, I didn't know Conan was books. Oh Dude. I'm a super Conan nerd. Super nerd. There was like a comic book before. Yeah, well it was a book.


Robert E. Howard. He wrote books about Conan the Conqueror. And he created this whole like world of Samaria where he is from. And this whole lore of this one usurper who rises and kills everybody. And that's Conan and he, he key slays dragons and monsters and demons. And you know, I think he comes back from the dead at one point in time. Like it's the, he's a cra He's the greatest warrior of all time. But you know what Conan was for me as a kid, it was my first like John Wick. Right. It was like, oh, this dude gonna fuck everything up. Well That's how the books were. Yeah. The books were incredible. The books were written by a guy who lived with his mom and committed suicide.


So the dude was like, he was getting, he wanted his life sucked. He was super depressed and he got thrilled out of imagining him being Conan the Barbarian and conquering lands and, and having sex with all these beautiful women and killing Sorcerers. Who comes book? They came up after he died? No, they were, this is like in the 1930s. The thirties is when he wrote it. Yeah. Yeah. It was a long time ago. He wrote these books and then they turned him into comic books in the 1960s. When did they start making Conan comic books? So then they had the comic books and then they had illustrated books.


And then I think that was the first Conan movie was Arnold. I think he was the first Conan movie. And there's been a few attempts since then, but no one's really captured the books. The, like stylistically except for like the Jason Mamoa movie. But the movie just wasn't that good. Just wasn't a, someone needs to, you need like a real, like a Robert Eggers, the guy who did this No Sferra movie. That's his name. Right? It's Robert Eggers, right? Who? Sorry? The guy who did the No Sferra movie. Yes. I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That guy, like that guy did a Conan movie. It would be sick. But it has to be like a realistic movie.


It has to be a movie of this realistic warrior encountering these crazy things. It can't be like cartoonish. It can't be like, I just have to believe this dumb shit. Too much suspension of disbelief. It's gotta be like a wild movie based. He made that The Northman. Oh, the Northman was Amazing. Did you see that? Yeah, I saw that. That's exactly what I'm talking about. This kind of movie is exactly like what Conan would have to be. That movie's fucking great. That's like one of the best Viking movies. Not the best one ever. It's actually dark as hell. Really good movie. Oh, it's, there's no good guys in that movie. No. That movie's crazy. And probably representative of Real, the real life of Vikings, the way they really lived.


'cause they were fucking ruthless. That movie's great, but it's also got like supernatural in it. There's a lot of cool shit in that movie. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, they believed in a lot of supernatural shit. If that guy directed Conan Holy shit, then you would get to see like the real books. 'cause the Robert D. Howard books were great. So the same guy I did Nasra did Northman? Yes. Oh, Okay. Yes, bro. It's good. It's Fucking good. Nasra is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. It's great. And it's, it's so beautiful. Like the way it's shot, it's so beautiful. There's a scene when he's walking up to the castle. It's the creepiest setup of all time.


It's so good. I don't want, I don't wanna ruin it. Okay. It's so good. If you like those kind of movies, I love those kind of movies. I grew up on Monster movies I grew up on like, you know, that's why I have that American werewolf in London out there. Yeah. I grew up on all of that. I'm here from Monsters Action Revenge. That's, that's my kind of movies. No Serrato cinematographer Promises. Robert Eggers Werewolf is unlike anything done before. Wow. A medieval werewolf movie. Oh boy. And the primary candidate has never been used in a film. What does that Mean? Maybe the the guy they want to lead it. Oh yeah, the actor. The perfect subject. Like the character of the, Oh, wait a minute.


So it's a new character. He did the lighthouse too. Yeah. Wow. That shit was weird. And The Witch. Wow. That guy's done some killer fucking movies. I'm excited about this werewolf movie. I've been saying that forever. Someone needs to make another good werewolf movie like that. Benicio Deltoro one Specific medieval image or Tale of Werewolf Free that's being clipp close to their chest. So it's like a story that hasn't been made into a movie yet. Yeah, but medieval So like candlelight spooky. This is gonna be awesome. Remember the Jack Nicholson werewolf one? What was that called? Oh yeah. That was terrible with I know. Michelle Pfeiffer. That was so stupid. They were like, ah. It looked just like a person. I went and saw that I, my family went and saw that and I went and saw another, a different movie.


It was the first time that, because we used to, it was like a thing we did. We'd go go to the movies like every other week. But, and my, my, my father, my step ain't give a fuck about no age limit. And they're like, you gonna see what we seeing? You know? And this was the first time I was like, I don't wanna see that shit. And I, it, and I still end up going in there after my, 'cause my movie was over before this. I think I went and saw this Is a Jack Nickles Short circuit two Or something like he's gonna chasing after this deer. Ah, I'm a wolf. Look. He just looks like a regular guy. It's so dopey. It's so silly. Like, look at this. They decided to make a horror movie that wasn't that scary. And he moves like the $6 million Man look slow motion jump, obviously Stunt man.


And he is gonna tackle this deer. And I'm supposed to believe this. I'm supposed to believe that this dude who just looks like a dude can run faster than a fucking deer. Look at he is running. It's so dumb. He's flying through the air. Like, how does becoming a, a human that's part wolf make you this fast when you look exactly the same. You know he is gonna, he's on a tree. He flies and he grabs the deer. This is so stupid. It's so stupid. The owl's freaking out. This is crazy. This is crazy. Did you ever see the Benicio del Toro one Uhuh?


There's one good scene. One good scene when the doctors are examining him and they're trying to tell him that he's out of his fucking mind. And he, the doctor speaking in one of those medical theaters like they used to do in the 18 hundreds. And he's explaining that this person has delusions and they think they're gonna be a wolf. And so we're gonna show him by having him tied to this chair while the moon turns full and we're gonna like cure him of whatever the fuck is wrong with his brain. So they have him in this thing. Gimme some volume on this. And once Mr. Bert has witnessed that the full moon holds no sway over him, but he remains a perfectly ordinary human being. He will have taken his first small step down the long road to mental recovery.


I can just feel everybody in this room about to die. Everybody's gonna die. It's great. Oh, This is awesome. He witnessed his mother's self-mutilation. His young mind Smith showed up, Accepted, created a fantastical truth that his father is to blame His father's werewolf. Skip ahead or Yeah, skip ahead a little bit. You moron tonight I will kill All of you. I will kill all of you. Yes. Well, as you can see, like country, please do something about it.


This is existing. Kill me somewhere in the deep. Kill me To Him. It seems very real. Get the fuck GaN It seems to be locked, sir.


It's a great fucking scene. See, my only problem with great fucking scene, my only problem with it is, is that a scary enough wolf? It is. Not. Everything else is great. It's not like American Werewolf in London. It's too much like the Wolf Man. Which is what it was kind of based on like an updated version of the Wolf Man. It's more like the same guy who did that makeup, by the way. Did the American Werewolf in London. That was Rick Baker. That was like the teen Wolf. Wolf was, right? Was it was Rick Baker that did that, right? Yeah. Rick Baker. So the thing is though, it was not CGI and that's what they were trying to achieve because like, there's a difference between the way it looks when it's to do with a mask on. It looks more realistic. Like it doesn't take you out of it. And there's something about CGI that even if the Wolf looks good, it takes you out of it.


Like the American world in London, you didn't get to see shit for like a long time. Yeah. Like it was deep into that movie. You saw Flashes of the Wolf until it was in Piccadilly Square and started like killing people. Remember that? It's been a long time since I seen that movie. The guy turns into a werewolf in the movie theater. He goes to a dirty movie theater. So he is in this dirty movie theater and they're playing porno films and he's talking to his dead friend. He is telling him he's gotta kill himself. He's gonna become a wolf and kill people. And his friend is like rotting. It's hilarious. It's very funny. And he turns into the wolf in the movie theater, kills everybody, and then bursts out onto the street and starts killing people in traffic. And I do remember like a, there's a scene with a subway scene, right? Yes.


There's a subway scene where there's a businessman he's trying to get away and he sees it like creeping up on him. That's a good scene too, because you barely see the wolf. You see this guy running and you, you know that it's coming after him. You see the terrified look in his face and at the end of the scene, you see the wolf enter into the frame at the bottom of the escalator where this guy's like completely exhausted and sliding down this escalator. Right. You know the scariest movie I've seen recently? Well, I guess the baby scarier the right word, but it was the sequel to X. The sequel to X. And I'm forgetting the name of it. Yeah. Not Malcolm X, but like, it's the same but the same girl played in both movies. You know what I'm talking about? It was called like, she was like a Okay.


Yeah. So the sequel to this movie. So what is X? It's about like it's A slasher film. Yeah, It's a slasher film. Yeah. Ooh. And the la the but the sequel to it. I, 'cause I never saw that when I saw this. Okay. I still haven't seen X Maxine. So X what's called Maxine? Maxine with two X's, three X's? No, no, that's not it. It's not Maxine. Oh, I'm sorry. I thought I had to screen up. Shit. My bad. No, that's not it. What it said was A sequel right here. No, no, that's on it. It's got that same girl in it. Who's the sequel? Whol? No, who's the star of this Pearl? That's what I mean. That's Oh, pre. Oh. So Pearl was Thel prequel. Oh, okay. I didn't realize. Okay, so so Pearl came outside. I saw Pearl before. I, I haven't seen any of the rest of these.


This shit is, I liked it. And she's a serial killer. She's, she's insane. No, this is Not very true. But it's like, you kind of know she's the monster the whole time. But she doesn't become monstrous. It's kind of the same thing. And she's cute. Yeah, she's cute. She's adorable. At first glance, I wanna be special dancing up on the screen, like the pretty girls in the pictures. I will not let you leave this farm again.


I Am worried there may be something real wrong with me. Rumor has it, they only take one gal or town. We are looking for someone with X factor. It has to be me. How about a film nobody else has seen? Illegal Will be eventually I know what I've done. Yeah. Dude's making a huge mistake. Terrible, awful murderous thing. I want to be loved from as many people as possible, but truth is I'm not really a good person.


Jesus Christ. Yeah, bro. Like you wanna talk about like a, like This, this looks psychotic. Like this bitch is just slipping in the insanity further and deeper and deeper and deeper. I just don't think you should show this to America right now. You Know what I'm saying? Like, after Luigi, after people celebrated Luigi, we don't want to like glorify people that just go on killing rampages. It wasn't a rampage. In fact that, you know, that's the thing, that's the thing I respect more is that like the people that like shoot up a place. It's like, it is like if you mad at somebody, go after them. Why you killing the people that gotta do with your beef? Right. At at least he was like specific he didn't like That's another one building or that's been memory hold the New Orleans guy just ran over all his people.


What New Orleans guy? You didn't hear about this? No. This was how long ago Jamie? That's The thing. New Year's Eve, they were like within eight hours of each other. This And the, so this New Orleans guy turns down Bourbon Street and just runs people over, ran over like 200 people. Bunch of people got fucked up. Bunch of people died. How many people died? I think At least 14 less. I think like 200 people were injured. Wow. 14 people dead. Was He or more He was, he was in the cyber truck too. Yeah. And he was also truck, not a cyber truck. No. He was a run. Yeah. Sorry. Not a cyber truck, but he was also one of the guys from Fort Bragg. Like we were talking about it yesterday with Metzker. Metzker will get you to believe in conspiracies, bro. Medsker will take you down some rabbit holes.


He just hit you with so many though, so Many row I can't even get because like, that's like his, oh, you didn't know his entertainment? Oh yeah. It's his life. Yeah. And I'm on the complete opposite end of the spectrum. Exactly. I like to hear people that's into it, talk about it. But I'm but I'm never gonna go look It up. Yeah. Well he luckily, you know, Kurt gets it if you like, dude, I can't right now. Heck, he'll stop. You say I can't, I can't do this right now. I gotta go on stage in five minutes. I can't hear how many people Hillary Clinton killed. Right. I I think he's, he probably is a, is abreast at every conspiracy theory. Right. But he believes a bunch of 'em that are kooky. He, he and I have had some conversations about ones, I'm like, wait, what? Why do you believe that that one doesn't make any sense?


Because, Because the primary belief is that the official story is bullshit. A hundred percent. So if you, if, but This is probably true a lot of the Time. Right. But the way you run into logical trouble is it's like, just 'cause they lying don't mean that the first alternative that people give you is the truth. Right. Like some kooky YouTube video. Yeah. That's got it broken down. So it's Like they don't want you to know. Amazing. I saw, bro, have you, did you see this shit? You know, Godfrey The, the comic? Yeah. Yeah. So He had, I forget the name of the scientist, but he had like a scientist come on and debate Lord Jamar, Lord jamar's a flat earth. And it didn't go, oh, it didn't go well.


Of course it didn't, You know, that Doesn't make any sense. Was that that Professor Dave guy? Yeah. Professor Dave. Yeah. Professor Dave's done quite a few of those. He's doing the world a nice favor. Yeah. But it's like, but but bro, imagine, imagine that being your whole life as just opposition. Well, to what? To bad science. It's to people getting led down a bad road and believing something that's uniquely preposterous. No, but You know, the earth is flat. You know Christopher Hitchen, right? Sure. He made his whole career like debating Christians and Muslims and he would like go to their churches and debate their leaders. Right. And somebody asked him one time like, Hey, if you could, if you could snap your fingers and make all religion just go away.


Like, would you do that? And he was like, honestly, no. 'cause I just like arguing with them too much. Duh. You know, or something to that effect. Those weren't his exact words, but it was like, I think something to, so to that effect, I think you, I think you gotta be a special kind of person to be like, no, I want All the smoke. I want, I wanna argue directly with people that I don't think, well, Christopher Hitches was uniquely brilliant and he was so good at forming arguments and sentences and he was, his grasp of the language was so expert. He was a great speaker, Amazing, amazing speaker. So that he would have these conversations with these people and they'd be like woefully under prepared and they just, they couldn't handle, he also has an incredible amount of knowledge when it comes to religion, whether it's Christianity or Islam.


And, and he'll call out everything that has ever happened. That's terrible. That every one of 'em has dones real. And he knows that information at the tip of his fingers at any given time. I grew up religious and he was the one that made me be like, He makes some very, very, Very Compelling, logical arguments. 'cause also the problem with religion is that there's so many of them too. And they're so different and they all think that they have the right one. That that's a real problem. But I think the desire for religion seems to be a part of the structure of our thinking. It's like one of those things that reoccurs everywhere. There's groups of people, there's a desire for meaning and then there's a connection to a higher power that we all seem to agree is not just likely, but you feel it's presence every now and then.


But, But also it's like the, we we're puzzle solving creature. So it's like the, the need to have an answer to the puzzles. Oh yeah. And also to have a daddy. We always want someone who is above us. Whether it's the president or the mayor or your father, whoever it is, you, you want some person who's looking out for you. And it is, it is watching over everything. And as a plan for all of that, Wait until your God gets home young Man. Yeah. Wait until you, God is watching you jerk off. Oh man, that, that fucked me up for a little while when I was like, you know, God was watching All the time because We used to go, when I was little, we, I would get, there was a church that was also a school. Like they, they were a Christian school, but on Sunday they used the school buses to go pick up kids.


Just like school. But it was for church. Mm. And what, And you know, and we got sent to that, you know, it wasn't even the church my grandmother went to. She just sent us to this one. What is better? An overly religious childhood or a childhood filled with crime and violence. Clearly overly religious. Wow. Right. That's better. 'cause you can learn your way out of some stupid shit that they talk to you into when you were young, depending on what the religion is. But crime and violence gets you killed. Someone else gets killed, you go to jail. It's not good. Like, it's definitely better in terms of like, what is more compatible with society to grow up very religious with very strict rules. And then maybe as you get older you sort of recognize that.


I mean, doesn't it depend on which religion It does? It definitely does. Yeah, it definitely does. I mean, you have some religions where you get a gang of wives. Woo. You get a, That sounds like more trouble than it's worse. Yes. Well that's the reason why the Mormons moved to Mexico. They moved to Mexico. What do you mean You don't know about that? They, they're not in Utah no more. Listen, when Mitch, what's his name? The fucking guy I ran for president. Oh, Romney. Mit, Romney. Mi mit. Mit Romney mi, mit. That's why I was fucking up. Mitt Romney. Mitt Romney's dad was born in Mexico, so his dad couldn't be president. But Mitt was born in America. Mitt Romney's family was Mormon.


And they moved to Mexico in the 18 hundreds because of religious persecution. And part of that was polygamy. They made polygamy illegal. So these guys, well fuck it. This is like the 18 hundreds. They're like, Mexico ain't no different than America in the 18 hundreds before cars. Everyone's on a horse, you got a house, whatever. Right? Same shit. Let's go to Mexico. They went to Mexico. Mexico, Mexico went. And to this day they have giant Mormon compounds in Mexico. And then recently there was a situation like they're armed to protect themselves against the cartel. It's like wild shit goes down. And one of, I think it was like a family was killed. I think it might have been an accident that the cartel mistook them for someone else or someone did.


And there was like this real problem. Did it get revamped? I don't know what happened. I don't remember how the story went down, but I remember it was a big international story. And then everybody was like, wait, what's going on? There's giant camps of armed Mormons in Mexico. Yeah. They don't fuck around. Like why did they, why did they move to Mexico? And that's why they moved to Mexico is 'cause they have religious freedom. They, they don't fuck around. You know, religious freedom means they at the forefront of, I bet you the Mormon's got an app. Oh, they probably have an app. Yeah. Like, but like that's the story, right? That they were killed by the cartel. I think it was a woman and her child was killed by the cartel. Six children. Three women. Six children. Oh my God. Oh my God. Attacking a group of Mormon families in Mexico.


So nine women, scroll back up. Nine women and children from a Mormon community in Mexico were killed while traveling in the three car caravan south of the US Mexico border. On Monday, three women and six children, all with dual US Mexican citizenship were killed in the attack. Security minister Alfonso Zo said a news conference Tuesday, here's what we know about the attack. The victims were all shot while in the vehicles, while driving. Investigators believe the three vehicles traveling between the Mexican states of Sonora and Chihuahua were ambushed by criminal groups. Monday Mexican authorities said, women and children between 14 years old and 10 months were massacred, burned, alive. LeBaron said, mothers were screaming for the fire to stop.


They were driving together for safety reasons, said Kendrick Lee Miller, whose sister-in-law was killed in the attack. The family was supposed to go to Miller's wedding next week in Lamo. She said, Wow. How did she know they was screaming? She was she there? I don't know, man. I don't think everybody died. Children who were hospitalized in Tucson will survive while Jessup, whose son married Donna. Langfords daughter told CNN Willie Jessup, excuse me. Three of the children have very serious injuries, but two others could be discharged soon. Oh. And they wasn't connected to that dope shit. They got to be, Well, I don't know. I don't know. They said it was a mistake of mistaken identity. But they always say that in case of, because listen, this is why that don't make sense to me.


Oh, No, no, no. They don't say that. It says it's not clear if the attacks were specifically targeted or if the family was a case of mistaken identity. But you don't accidentally shoot the wrong caravan. I mean, what's the chances that as another caravan look just like yours? Well, here's what it says. It said, Castana said there were longstanding tensions between the families and the cartels. He said one of the women killed was an activist and there were frictions over water rights. Mm. Oh Jesus Christ. Who? Scary dog. I mean, scary. It's scary for whoever live down there. Yeah. I feel pretty safe where I'm at. Yeah. But imagine living in a place that's controlled by the cartel. Like, you know, the government has its faults in the United States, but it's superior system.


But hasn't The Mexican government like started cracking down on the cartel? I don't know. They did that shit somewhere. I mean, I'm pretty sure the dude is a, a dictator. But he just, he just locked everybody up. Venezuela Is Venezuela. Yeah. They just, they they literally imprisoned All the gang members. They just locked every single, even if he was a, if you was associated, they made these Giant prisons and they just filled the prisons up with gang members and the the crime just stopped. But that was the immediate effect. Is that still the case now? I don't know. That's a good question. Like, you know, is that what they're gonna do forever? They're just gonna keep these guys in that cage for the rest of their lives. That's Expensive. It is expensive. But is it less expensive than letting them wreak havoc and ruin your entire community?


I don't know. It's a very totalitarian thing that depends On who you give a fuck About. Well it's also depends on like how many of those people are set up. How many of those people weren't actually in a gang? How many of those people were like, maybe somebody doesn't like you. I Mean, Probably a little bit of that going on too In that type of situation where it's like a drastic change. Yeah. And they rounding up hundreds of thousands of people. Right. There's gonna be a couple of revenge joint slipped in there. Yeah. Oh damn. Sorry Jorge. I accidentally put this is the right. Yeah. Crazy. Oh, El Salvador. Oh, El Salor. Ve It's not Venezuela, it's El Salvador. Look at that. Oh my God. They just said, fuck it. We're just gonna take crime down to zero. So Is this life in prison? Well, you know what, man? I mean, is this better?


It seems like it's better than having the criminals run society and kill everybody. I mean, but at least like get them on some bicycles. Provide em free power or something. I don't Know. And what have they done? You know? But also, if you grow up in that community, what are you gonna do? Like if you grow up and your whole family's involved in the gangs, like what do you do? Like you're, you're literally guilty by birth. You know, if you grow up in those communities and that's all they've been doing forever, what do you do And what do you do? You know, How do you sustain that too? Right? I guess if you have enough money because now you don't have to fight crime anymore. So now everybody's locked up. Mm. It's dark. Well, it's just gonna be new criminals.


Yeah. What, what could fix the world? Brian Simpson? Is it gonna be technology? Is it gonna be mushrooms? You know, my stance, we done, Nothing's Gonna fix this shit, bro. We're cooked. We passed the point of no return. But why do you think that though? Because people can exist in small groups together in harmony. Why can't they exist together in large groups in harmony? Because I think pe people are less intelligent in the way in large groups. The larger the groups, the dumber, the the dumber. The average iq I bet. Like in terms of like how people behave. Well I think also in large groups you don't have to think as much because things are like set up for you. Yeah. And it's just because you, you know how I know we're doomed. Okay. Online gaming, when you go go play a team, I'm playing this Marvel rival shit everybody playing now.


But it's like, try to get matched up randomly with five other people and get everybody to cooperate. And the how often you come across people that are just completely selfish to the point where like, they'll lose, they'll lose on purpose. They like, and they, they take the penalty for losing too, but just to ruin your day. Well that's just randoms that you're meeting online though, Right? But I mean, You gotta cultivate, you See, oh, you see how people communicate it. And obviously the gaming is a certain demographic, but I just mean In sales it Just reminds me No, it's right. No, it's not. It sales, it's regular people out there that just act like assholes when they Yeah, Of course. When they're anonymous. Right? Of course. Because they can, yeah. So People, people will do selfish. Oh, you see these percent, you see these game shows where it's like, you know, know it's that whole, what's it called?


The prisoner's dilemma, whatever. Oh yeah. We could all win or I could win. Right? And how often do you see people just go All the time, fuck all of y'all. And and they probably encourage you to do it 'cause it makes you good tv. So look and I know, look, I, there's good people out there. I meet extraordinary people All the time now. Especially now that I live here. I meet people All the time. There's like, wow. You, like, if it was more people like you, yes we would be good. But it's so little people like you. Right. But how many people like that do You know now? You know a lot, right? Yeah. I mean, You know, a lot more Not not enough. Yeah. But you know a lot more. And the key is just to try to limit your associations with people who aren't exceptional. Try to be exceptional, first of all to attract exceptional, exceptional people. And then kind of like encourage other, you gotta surround yourself with people that are cool.


Like surround yourself with people that are interesting. Surround yourself with people that are exceptional. It gives you like energy in this life. It gives you like motivation. Yeah. Everything. You gotta make new friends. Nah, I'm not, I'm not with that either. Some friends are worth making. Some new friends are worth making. Yeah. But I know what you're saying. I know what you're saying. It's Hard. You know what is, I can make a new, I, I'm very emotionally unavailable, so I just need friends that don't need that. You know what I mean? That's interesting you say that because you're very friendly. I don't know why you think you're emotionally unavailable. I think you just don't like to be bothered by nonsense that people could fix on their own. There You go. I'm very easily irritated. Yeah, but it's not, you're not emotionally unavailable. Like when we talk about stuff, like everybody talks about stuff in the green room, you're like one of the most like honest people.


We talk about that. But not, maybe emotionally unavailable is not the right word, but I'm very, I I feel very much burdened by unexpected obligations. Yeah. So like if you hit me with some last minute shit, get outta here. Or you like, or you or you constantly need me. Yeah. Because I'll be there for you. But if you're constantly needing stuff and it's good to the, I just Exactly. But you, you gotta realize that's a transactional situation then. I know that's a bad situation. That's not a situation. You, you haven't surrounded yourself with people that are like autonomous. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of people that aren't, they like need friends for everything they do. And they can't make decisions. They don't get their shit together. Bro. You know What I, I love being by myself. I love, I love going to a restaurant alone. I love company too.


But I'll go to the movies alone. I, I, I like being alone. I like shopping alone. Well you have a balance where you spend enough time in front of like thousands of people. Because You know what I don't like? I don't like variables. It's like the more people, the more people that come, the more shit can switch up. The more you can go Wrong. That's, that's true. Oh yeah. And also you get like all these social dynamics at play when there's a bunch of people together. Like, look like we've, how many, how many times have we eaten dinner? Would you, what would you say is the perfect amount of people to bring to dinner? It depends. There was this one time, I don't wanna say the time, but where there was a bunch of us and a bunch of other people and it really helped that there was a bunch of us. 'cause we all huddled up together. Oh right, right, right. Remember that time? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Oh, and don't forget, V Vegas was great.


It was a lot of people at that table then. Oh yeah. Yeah. But that Work. But we knew all those people. Right, right, right. You know, know those are all people who were like close friends. It was a, it was a good time. It was, it wasn't like there was no social dynamics at play. You know, when we're all hanging out. It's generally just fun. There's no like, one person's trying to get to the top. Yeah. Comic comics are different. Yeah. But, but I say but just, but six is for me, six is a good number. If I hear that it's gonna be more than six now it's like, it's gonna be separate conversations and it's gonna be Right. And what if Bob can't drink? What if Bob starts drinking and he gets real loud. Right. And then you want, you need vegan options. Someone's non-gluten, gluten-free please. You have a gluten-free menu.


Yeah. But, but yeah. Yeah. I just, I don't like being in big groups. Right. I know what you mean. I get it. I get it. It's like, you know, like when you're a group of people and then one person has a friend that they tell you is cool. Oh yeah. Don't worry. Bob's cool. Like Bro, my middle, my middle name could be who all gonna be there. Right. You invite me to something. 'cause 'cause even now, like my, like Derek and them, they'll invite me to stuff even though they know I'm not coming. Right. Oh yeah, yeah. Dude. Come to the, nah, I Can't. I'm good. But that's also like a reflection on your sense of humor. 'cause you're always finding things that are stupid and everything You, Your act is essentially, let me tell you about some stupid shit.


I know it's a, it's a, it is a gift and a curse. Oh, it's a gift. That's why I say like, ignorance is bliss. If you, when you notice too much, you can't be happy. You can't possibly be happy or you gotta distract yourself with like, you can be happy for a second when you're on, on a drug or having a good time. Right. But eventually you go, yeah. How did that fucking helicopter crash into a plane? Yeah. You, you think about all these different variables. Oh you know, I used to say that to my students when they, they would fight because a lot of 'em that were really smart, I would notice they would be much more nervous. Wait, what did you teach than the dumb kids? Martial arts. What do you mean?


I, my Of course it's martial arts, but my dumb ass, my mind went to like, you, you be teaching in the classroom like a professor. Oh and they would fight. No. Yeah. No, no, no. I mean I'd take 'em to tournaments. So I had students that I would take to tournaments and the really smart ones would be the most scared. And I would've to tell them it's because you're smart. The reason why you're scared is 'cause you're aware of All the variables And you know you're vulnerable. Whereas dumb people don't think that they're overconfident and they're not aware of All the variables. But you can overcome this. I'll be like, I did it too. I have the same feeling. I don't wanna do it. It's stupid. Why am I doing this? Why am I risking my health? Why am I risking my safety? You have all those thoughts that are gonna go in your head, but you're gonna learn something about yourself from doing this.


And you're smart and that's why you're nervous. And you should be nervous 'cause it'll help you. It'll help you move faster. I used to use custom auto's expression. The custom motto. This great thing that he told Mike Tyson, he said, fear is like a fire. It can cook your food if you can control it or it could burn your house down. And that's what it's like. It's like that. But the intelligent people are the ones that are aware of it. The intelligent people are the ones that oftentimes struggle the most with overcoming anxiety to compete. Right. Because they're aware of how fucking dangerous this actually is. They're not blissfully unaware, like in moron who's walking into a cage fight not knowing they might get knocked the fuck out. You know, not gonna happen to me, bro.


There's a lot of those not gonna happen to me bro, guys. Yeah. But You can, You can still be world champion and be that person. Oh well if you're gifted. Right. If you're gifted and if you're genetically gifted, You know, and if you're, you're driven and you really work hard and You can enjoy it. Yeah. You could get pretty far And you, you're not gonna talk well you're not gonna speak well in like At the end. Yeah. Yeah. At the end it's gonna be rough Because it's amazing to me. Like that's another thing like when we talk about like legacy and stuff like that. But, but MMA wise John Jones is like the equivalent to Floyd Mayweather in terms of like how little damage he's taken over. Yes. There was a few fights where they were real rough. The Dominic Reyes fight was real rough. He got hit a bunch of times in that fight. Right. The first GU fight He got caught a few times by Lyoto Machita before he put him to sleep.


Lyoto was catching him a few. He, he hit him with one big left hand. Rashad Evans clipped him with a big right hand. But for the most part, John is the very best at utilizing distance and also having a Strategy. He said that was the hardest he ever got hit. Rashad. Rashad. Yeah. Well Rashad knocked Chuck Lidell out. Col that punch remember? Yeah. Out cold. One shot. Was That the first time that Chuck Lidell got knocked out? No. Chuck Lidell had gotten stopped by Rampage and Pride. Okay. And then Chuck Liddel, I mean he, he'd been stopped a few times. No, I mean like after Gun Stopped Rise. No, because Rampage stopped him during his rise. Like Rampage stopped him when the U Ffc when he was a champ in the, or maybe he wasn't the champ, he was like the best guy or one like he was like Tito was the champ for a little before Chuck fought Tito and everybody knew that Chuck was gonna beat Tito.


It was one of those things where like this is a bad matchup 'cause Chuck is a really good wrestler and just a ferocious striker. Ferocious and so aggressive and just nasty power and just would throw himself into the wars throw. He had an iron chin so he just fuck you. He just throw himself and really skillful too, man, like underrated skills but just a desire for the firefight that was like nobody else but Rampage beat him. Rampage stopped him in pride. So they had an exchange where they were gonna send UFC fighters over to over to Pride to fight the best pride guys. And Chuck was one of the best UFC guys. And Rampage stopped him and Chuck fought Alistair ov him and Alistair ov him was doing really well.


But Alistair damn Chuck stopped. Alistair just That this though Rampage used to have that Money. Yeah. Oh bro. This was when Chuck was Chuck, right? This was not like past his prime Chuck. This was like in his prime chuck. But Rampage was fucking ferocious. He was so good. And Pride had knees to the head on the ground, all this shit. And Rampage eventually, I believe he stopped him with like body shots on the ground if I remember correctly. I remember he just beat him up and then they stopped the fight. I think he just got on top of him at one point in time. It was a grueling fucking fight though. But I think this is like the end of it right here. He was just beating him down and eventually they stopped the fight.


So these punches to the face and then just dig into the body How tiny that referee is. I know. And then it looks like he got on top of him. Yeah, he got full mount and then they stopped the fight. Yeah. That was Rampage in his prime. Rampage. In his prime was Motherfucker. I saw a video of somebody talking shit to him. Like one of the young fighters now talking shit to him. It was Kevin Holland. Oh yeah, yeah. Kevin Holland and him had some sort of a disagreement. Yeah. So they don't get that. He don't get like legend status. Like where you gotta let it slide. I Don't know. Young guys are, you know how they are Because that's like, that's like, like if Randy Couture say something out pocket.


Right, right, right. And you are a fighter. Like you kind of gotta let Shit, you gotta go slide. He's a legend. Rampage is a legend. You know, it's like there's a lot of guys you just, he just, You know, when you talk about BJ Penn, talk about him with respect. Yeah, because, because because also like it, it doesn't, it, it doesn't look good. No. You arguing with With especially like, I'll fight you right now. Like that kind of shit. Like Right. That's not a good look bro. Yeah. Especially the guy like paved the way like Rampage was, this was like when Rampage fought Chuck, what year was that? Was that like 2003? What year was that? I'm gonna guess. I'm gonna guess. Oh five. Oh man. Was it 2007? Oh wait, this is the UFC though. That pride fight was Different. Yeah, well Rampage knocked Chuck out. That Was like oh five probably. Oh, in the UFC too.


Rampage caught Chuck with a, yeah, a right hook. 2003. The video 2003. So then they fought again in 2007. Is that when happened? Show that one. Yeah, rampage knocked out Van Deley Silva. He lost to Van Deley Silva twice though brutally in, in the U in Pride. The one of the fights was fucking brutal. Brutal, brutal knockout. He, he got knee in the face and went through the ropes. Unconscious. What? So this is Chuck and Rampage in the UFC. This is when Rampage won the title. And you know, Chuck had already fought him once and got stopped. So he was wary. But this was When, and this was, this was way past his pride Chuck, right? No, he was in his prime man.


He was still in his prime. He was the champion. Chuck was the champion at this point in time. But Rampage was fucking good man. He was fucking good. Yeah. And just so dangerous. Boom. And I was saying he's the funniest guy and he's very funny. I actually interviewed him on, I did that UFC show for a while. I forget what it's called. But it was, we hung out together. We rolled, we did Juujitsu went and got something to eat eating that. Right. But he's very funny dude. He used to have this crazy monster trucking left hook though. And he used it to knock out Kevin Ram. There it is.


Boom. Heavyweight champion. That's how he won the title. Yeah. It was awesome. Chuck's confused. But you know, that's what happens when you get knocked out. You don't know what the fuck happened. You think you're fine. Really? Yeah. You don't know what happened. You get shut off. You're like, what happened? Like sometimes guys get shut off and then they, they dive for the, the referee's legs and they think they're still fighting. They take the referee down. I seen the dude swinging at the ref. Oh yeah. They don't know what's happening. I mean a lot of these guys are on like full fight or flight after they get tagged. They're just in, it's just chaos.


They don't know what they're seeing. Referees get hit All the time. Yeah, that's what I was like. Look how tiny that you saw how tiny that motherfucker was. Like, what you gonna do? What are you, what are you stopping in there? Right. How are you gonna get Rampage off Of Chuck Liddell? I like, like Herb being like David Motherfuckers. Right. Right. Move him. Well you need, you got herb's, a big guy. You know that's what you want. Or a strong person like dude, you just have like Physically's Gonna ask you politely. Cause you, well Imagine if like Francis is fighting, if Francis is fights, how are you gonna get Francis off somebody? Right. And like, how are you even gonna move Him? And, and it's like there's no way that like Herb Dean's stronger than Francis ano, but impossible. But it's like, but you gotta be strong enough that they feel you. Right. Like they snapped him at, you know. Yeah. You can't be 125 pounds ramp and no refereeing that fight. I thought That was a woman at first.


Mark Goddard's good too. He's a big dude. Mark Goddard. Yeah. He's great for those big fights. I've never, He's, he's big. I don't think I've ever seen him in person. Oh, you've seen Mark I met, I met Herb Dean. He's one of the best referees. The best referees. I mean there's quite a few of 'em that are really, really good. But the, I always say the gold standard Turb, he's the gold standard. And Big John, when he was doing it, he was the gold standard. He stopped. Yeah. He does a commentary now. John does commentary. Well, he is doing it for Bellator, but I think Bellator is now no longer. So who's that? He also has a podcast with Josh Thompson. That's Really good. Who's that refer, read that Dana White hated it. Steve Mati. Yeah. What happened to him? Does he still reference? I don't know. I haven't seen him in a while. He saw him at a kickboxing event many years later after Because he is like, that dude, dude's never gonna work again.


Like that's wild shit to say in the mean Yeah. People make mistakes, you know? Yeah. But what did he, what was his fuck up though? He, he fucked up bad, right? He fucked up a few of them. There's a few of those guys that fucked up a few too many fights and then they just, you know, you just can't, after a while, we need someone reliable. And when you got a guy like Mark Goddard who almost never fucks up, everybody is gonna fuck up. They have the second hardest job. The first hardest job is the fighter. Second hardest job is the referee. Right. Third hardest job is probably the judge. My job's easy. Yeah. And the, and the ref. The ref is, they can only see from one angle. So, but we miss shit All the time. And we have monitors, at least the, the refs have, or excuse me, the, the judges have monitors now.


They didn't used to have monitors in the early days. We had a fight to get them. Monitors we're like, we should be able to show them stuff in the replay that the crowd is seeing. 'cause sometimes you think a guy got knocked down, but he didn't. He just tripped. Right, right, right. And it looks like he got knocked down, but really he just got punched on the shoulder and they just fell down. That happened in that fight with Islam, MCHV and Muno. Muno caught him with a right hand. It looked like he hit him. We thought he dropped him. But really what happened is he kind of hit him in like the shoulder and they tripped legs together and Islam fell down. And then Islam got, well we thought he was hurt. So if you were judging that, I mean Islam finished him in the first round. He subbed him in the first round.


So it didn't matter. But if you saw that fight and if that went to the distance and you said, oh my God, he's hurting him. He's, he's, he's rocking him on the feet. You would maybe score that round from WNO when if you saw the replay, he go, oh, he didn't rock him. He just slipped. So you don't have a monitor. Can they hear y'all Too? No, they shouldn't be able to hear us because maybe Like it's bias. Yeah. Maybe we frame it in a way that's different than the way they think it. The whole reason to have three different point of views is to have three different expert perspectives. You don't want them hearing what me and DC are saying. Right, right, right, right. You want 'em like watching the fight. 'cause if we're on someone's nuts, You know, and then this guy's like, oh, he definitely is winning. You know, and maybe the people at home are like, fuck you.


The other guy was winning. Like, there's a few of those fights. Yeah. Some were, it, it has, it's been a while. No it hasn't since. It was like a really questionable one. You know what's an interesting one? Not a questionable one, but an interesting one is Rab versus Umar. So Rab Dwa Willie and Umar Berg Madoff, they go to the distance. Five round fight Rab winds up winning a decision. Are those in That same card? Yeah. Yeah. Amazing fight. Amazing fight. Probably the best 135 pound title fight in the history of the sport. It was incredible. It was so well matched. They went back and forth. Umar apparently broke his hand in the first round. Was still throwing it for the whole fight. He took, he wound up taking Meab down and nobody expected that. He got Maha's back.


Yeah, I remember that. He won the first two rounds and the, the question is the third round. And so I watched it a couple of times and me and John Annick and Daniel Cormier had been going back and forth with text about this. I was like, man, that third round is so close. It's so close. I could see judges giving it to Umar. He landed more strikes on the feet. He did get one takedown. Moab got a couple takedowns, but he didn't do much with the takedown. But Daniel had a really good point that at the end of it, RABs was accelerating and it looked like Umar was starting to get tired. See, I thought, see I tuned in at that point. I started that pay-per-view at that third round. Yeah. So, so I hadn't seen the previous two rounds. But at the end of the third round, Umar has Maha's back.


He's behind him and he's controlling him against the cage. And he had wound up taking Meab down at one point in time. So it's like he landed a lot of strikes on the feet, like probably did more actual damage. But Rab did take him down more and Rab was pushing the pace and Rab did also land shots. Like it was close. It's the third round. That's the real close one. 'cause I gave the first two rounds to Umar and then you get into the third, you're like, ooh, that's the one. That one's close. Because the fourth and the fifth were clearly Rab was coming on strong. Meab was like put, it was, it was astonishing. His endurance. Yeah. Astonishing. His fucking cardiovascular systems off the charts.


It was a good ass fight. His cardio is fucking insanity. It's insanity. It's like Michael Chandler. But I would be very happy to see that fight again. Very happy. I never seen Michael Chandler get tired. Incredible. Like, I remember his last fight when him, he lost with Olivea. Yeah. Yeah. But he's, he's sitting there standing up with a motherfucker on his back in the last round. Yeah. Like, I've never seen him get tired. No, He's an animal. Well, he trains like nobody. I mean his, his strength and conditioning routines, you can watch them online. They're fucking crazy. Cam Haines went and trained with him once, said the guy's a maniac. But that's his weapon. Like to have that kind of cardio, that kind of discipline to have that kind of cardio ethic. Some people just wire different ethic, man, that work ethic. It's also the work ethic man.


You have to have that work ethic. 'cause you, he's been doing it for a long time and to still have that work Ethic. That's what I mean. Even the best, the best people in the world, they get tired of it, You know? Yeah. He's not tired of it, man. He's definitely not tired of it. He's still exciting. I mean, Olivea is one of the best in the world. And he had Olivea hurt in that third round. He had him hurt. Like he had some moments in that third round we're like, holy shit. Like this is a real fight. And Olivera is as good as it gets. He's one of the best submission artists in the history of the sport. And he couldn't get him. Yeah. Got him in the first fight though. First fight. He cad him. Remember he hit him with that clean left hook. I don't remember. Chandler had him real hurt in the first round.


Rocked on the, on his back, fighting him off in the first round. And then they start in the second round. Chandler moves straight to him and Olive Oliveira just pieces him up. Oh yeah. I do remember. Yeah, I do remember that. Yeah. Ooh, he hit him with a clean left hook. It was clean. I think I was there. You might've been there. Yeah, man, we, we man. Yeah, we had some good ass fights this year and now Oh, and, and now Crawford's about to fight. Yes. He's gonna fight Canelo. Oh man. I just hope he's big enough. I hope he's big enough to keep that dude off him. 'cause Canelo hits so Hard, man. That's one dude that like, I believe All the shit He be talking Crawford. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, he's Good. He don't just be saying shit.


They, they tried to say that like Errol Spence was damaged because of what Crawford did to him. 'cause he was damaged from the, the car accident. I'm like, maybe, or maybe Crawford would've done that three years ago. I think he's that good. He's just so skillful. He's so slick. And when he gets, and he's also the best guy in the sport at Switch hitting. He'll go from South Paw to Orthodox and be just as good and trip you up. Like you're, think he's gonna start South Paw. He starts orthodox. You, you prepare for Orthodox. He's fighting South Paw. He feels like he's got you timed better Orthodox. He'll switch it up. You know? He's super accurate. Oh. Like, and just knows so much about boxing, about where to be and what's coming and Yeah. He makes it just, he makes it.


He's a, he's a strategist. That's also entertaining. Yeah. You know what I mean? He's like, he's an artist. Like remember like a young, like a young bee hopp? Yes. It was like, Just, just so sharp and made it look almost entertaining. You know what I mean? Roy Jones in his prime. It was art. You were watching art. He's piecing up people. It was an art form. Whew. All right. Brian Simpson, let's wrap this bitch up. Bring it home. Let's do it. Let, let's do it. Everybody. You BS comedian on Twitter, BS comedian on Instagram, Bransons comedy.com for tour tickets. Netflix special Live from the Mothership. Bam. Streaming right now. That's it. Thank you brother. Later, bro. Thank you. Bye. Thank you. Oh, All right. You know what? One thing we forgot. Talk about what? I wanted to Thank you for sending people to go watch that clip of Wop on YouTube.


Oh, I got a lot of One of the best videos or one of the best bits of all time. I love that. Alright, go see it. It's on.