
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Hello. What's happening, Dave? How much good to see you again man. Good To see you too, Joe. Thanks for the invite. Oh, my pleasure. Thanks for coming on here, man. I really enjoy your videos. Your, your website, your channel rather on YouTube. DeDunking is, it's, it's really great because it's so obvious. Like it's one of those things where you don't need like, some big crazy set or high production values to make something interesting is just you with a bookshelf behind you talking about stuff and it's Great.


Well, thanks, I, I appreciate that, Joe. I, I'm very passionate about this stuff, so it's, it, I'm glad that people are taking notice and that I'm sitting here talking to you right now about it. It's crazy to me though. Well, you were one of the, you Like me, we're one of the early readers of Fingerprints of the Gods. Yeah. And that's sort of how you got into this whole subject, right? Yes. I, I actually had that one pre-ordered from Hastings because I'd read the sign in the Seal. Oh. And okay. So I was already like, Graham Hancock's pretty cool. I I liked the way he's coming at these things and I saw that there was a thing at Hastings to pre-order fingerprints of the Gods for like 25 bucks or something. You get like $3 off. And so I did and was reading it cover to cover when I had Graham sign it and him and Santa both were just looking at how beat the hell it is.


Right. Because he'd been in a construction truck where we're going job sites for like 20 years. But That's awesome. So the sign of the seal, was that about Ethiopia and The Yeah. The arc of the Covenant? Yeah. What's your take on all that? It's interesting. Anytime they won't let you see the evidence. I get like all of my alarm bells Gopuff. Right, right. It's like, but I understand why they wouldn't want you to see it if it really is the arc. I'd like to see, I guess the best thing we could do to, to test it without seeing the arc would be to look into the, the claims that these guys go blind and they show signs of radiation. Yeah. Let's explain to everybody what the claim that, that they believe that this one church in Ethiopia actually possesses the arc of the covenant.


And that these priests that are supposedly guarding this, they all exhibit signs of radiation poisoning. Yes. They all just exhibit signs of radiation poisoning. They go blind, they die quickly. And then somebody else and one priest at a time is allowed to be like the caretaker of the ark. And How long do they live? They wanna say like a couple years, something like that. I can't remember really. It's been not very long. Yeah. They, they, they die pretty quick. Imagine that job. Yeah. You get that call. Yeah. Like, how much do I love Jesus? Get radiation Poisoning. Lord, This is kind of fucking crazy. Yeah. And it's, but there's a lot of evidence in that book that was really interesting, like the Knight's Templar statues and stuff, and in old, old Paris cathedrals that would lead Graham to, to Ethiopia, just all kinds of weird stuff that made it really interesting.


Little Indiana Jones, man, it is like real life kind of Indiana Jones shit. And so I was just anxious for that fingerprints. And I was Point, well, something that has that much radiation that kills people so quickly would, wouldn't that be something that you could measure from outside of the church? You would think they'd be, you'd think that our boys would be all over that shit with the satellites and be like, yeah, that's a spot to watch out for. Right. Send a team. Right, Right. Because that was one of the speculations about the new New Jersey drones, which was really weird, was that there was a, allegedly, this is part of the speculation, allegedly there was a warhead that was missing from when, what was it from Ukraine?


Was that the, I I think it was from like quite a while ago. So there was a warhead that was not accounted for a nuclear warhead. And the thought was that somehow or another it had gotten snuck into the United States and these drones had the capability to scan for gamma radiation and that they were looking for access, access gamma radiation, which would indicate that this thing was there. That would make sense. It, I, I saw that on Twitter. I saw if you guys talking about it, it, it would definitely make sense. It's weird that the drones just kind of stopped around Christmas time. Well, not only did they stop, but there was also this, this, I don't even, I hesitate to even talk about this 'cause it's so much of this is horseshit, but there was a lot of speculation on Twitter that there was something that broke up in the atmosphere.


And the, the, the conspiracy was that this was a Chinese satellite that was controlling those drones. Oh. And then the Trump administration recently said, no, there are drones. I mean, okay, why wouldn't you fucking tell us if there were our drones? You just flying a bunch of SUV sized drones over New Jersey for weeks at a time. Yeah. It had to be some reason. Yeah. What was going on and how, you know, I get, you know, I get you can't tell us everything. I get it. It was weird. They, yeah, they, they just stopped at the Christmas time. I was kind of worried about that. 'cause I went to see Mark Gagnon in, in Brooklyn. I just was there last week and I was like, man, I hope I don't see a bunch of dang drones in the sky and stuff still.


But, 'cause I've had that booked out for a couple months. But yeah, my friend Mark saw one, Mark Norman, he saw one, he said it was huge. Really? He said it was really big and it moved really fast. And he said it, it had propellers, but it didn't sound like a regular like helicopter. So it was real weird. I saw a lot of videos of them and I saw a few guys talking about 'em that seemed somewhat credible on Twitter, but I didn't see that, like guys that had talked about being weapons developers and stuff like that. But it, it's so easy nowadays to just bullshit your way through things. And there's money in it. Right. I mean, you can get clicks. So it's, it's like there's the days of it needing to be a government conspiracy in my mind are like way long gone. There's I, if I pretend I see Bigfoot and I fake it good enough to get a bunch of, to, to get on Joe Rogan.


Well man, I'm doing pretty fucking good now, isn't I? Yeah, You can make some money. Exactly. So I, That is a real Problem. I'm really skeptical of like, everybody nowadays, like, treat 'em all like crackheads. I am too. And I, I like that about your channel, that you are quite skeptical about a lot of things. Even things that the people that are, You know, heretics of the arch archeological world they subscribe to and you're like, eh, not so fast. Which I think is great. Well, thanks. I think it's very important. But getting back to the Ethiopia thing, if they, we have this capability supposedly to scan for gam gamma radiation from the sky. Why wouldn't someone fly over that church and go, yo, there's a crazy hotspot here. You would think probably somebody has.


If, if not, like, like, like I was saying with the satellites, in all honesty, the, the feds monitor that kind of shit like heavily. And so, I mean, if it's possible that it wouldn't be, You know, any kind of weapons Grady stuff. So they might just not be looking for that particularly. Can they monitor for gamma radiation from satellites? Can they do That? I'm not sure. I, I know that they can look for, I know they can look for, I'm not sure how they detect it. I'm not sure what they use to detect it, but I know that they can look for radioactive material from space. Huh. So the thought is that if this arc of the covenant is there and whatever it is, is somehow radioactive, is there any sort of theory as to how they develop some sort of radioactive thing?


Like what, what is it supposed to be? I mean, it's, it is it a, it's not a reactor. It's some, it's in a box, right? Yeah. Like what, what is it? Well,


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. People like to throw around all these red flags, you know, things someone says or does that you don't like, which is fine. But instead of focusing on the negative All the time, why don't we focus on the positive? If you're looking for a romantic partner, think about what traits you like to see in a person. If you like to work out and stay in shape, you might wanna find someone who's also health conscious. Or if you like to travel, you probably want to find someone who's just as adventurous. Now, once you're in a relationship, it's a whole different ballgame and things aren't always going to be perfect. But that's what therapy is for. Therapy is an excellent way to work through any problems. Even the small ones, like say you and a loved one have been fighting a lot lately, but you still really wanna make things work. Therapy can serve as a mediary, it can help you identify the problem. It teach you positive ways to address it. If you're new to therapy or want to try something different, BetterHelp is a great place to start. It's convenient and affordable. Since everything is done online, it's already helped over 5 million people worldwide. Connect with a credentialed therapist. Discover your relationship. Green Flags with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash JR to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/jr.


The theory that a lot of people have is that it's a weapon that, like in the Bible is described like shooting lightning and things like that. Right. And what Graham mentions in the book, it's an interesting point, is the Bible records. Moses going up to Mount Sinai coming down with 10 commandments, getting mad in at the Israelites worshiping a golden calf. And he breaks the 10 Commandments and then goes back up the mountain and comes back down after another week or so with the 10 Commandments again. And Graham points out that this could be a memory of him going up and getting the wrong stone, and then damnit smashes it goes back and finds the right stone that he's looking for, that it had the proper, you know, uranium rich or whatever, speculative radiation stuff.


So, but inside of the box, a popular theory is, you know, if you've got metal, wood, metal like a transformer. And so the popular theory is it's a way to generate electricity. And it was also describe like the way that guys in the Bible are, if they, if they touch it, they have to carry it with sticks. And if they touch it, even to steady it, they get killed and stuff. But I I, I honestly, I don't see it being a transformer that wood metal or metal wood metal thing has to be stacked. You're not just getting it with one layer like the Bible describes. But yeah, it's an interesting thing. When you say it has to be stacked, you mean spaced in between each layer? Yeah. Like if you've ever seen a doorbell, transformer, no. Okay. Okay. Transformers is at the bottom of it will have multiple plates and it'll be like a plate of metal and then a plate of a silicone or something like that to that's conductive, non-conductive, conductive, non-conductive.


And there'll be multiples of those. And this is part of the electromagnetic changing of the, of 'cause What a transformer does is it steps electricity up or down, and vol swaps voltage for amperage, basically. So it, the metal, the metal plates are part of it. So the idea is does that this thing would collect electricity inside the box and then use the Israelites would use it to throw lightning at the enemies. Now, there's still a lot of speculation as to how the box would work, but Moses was also said to, after going up and seeing God, he was said to have had to cover his face with the cloth for the rest of his light life because it was shown. And Graham speculated in that book that it might be because of, you know, radiation sickness or something, his face was covered in sores for the rest of his life.


Hmm. So It is interesting. So if this thing is radioactive, like how would that conduct electricity? No Idea. It would probably be, if it was, it, it, maybe it's the power source. Like we have radioactive batteries on satellites and shit. Right. And they convert that radiation into electricity. So it's possible. I mean that's, I'm, you know, I'm not really too like big on the ancient high technology, but I'm always willing to speculate and look at the angles on it. And that's, that's basically where they come from on it. The guys that are really big into the arc. Some guys even will, will claim that it, it's a capacitor, like a full on capacitor, which a capacitor stores and discharges electricity.


It's why we were told not to When you don't touch the tube on your TV when we were kids. Right. Because it'll zap you the capacity. We're old. Yes. We remember tubes on TVs. I watched a friend of mine working on an arcade machine once, and one of the leads popped off of the thing and he was bald and it tapped into the top. It fucking laid his ass right out. Wow. Bam. Straight to the ground. I was like, oh shit. You okay. Wow. But anyway, yeah, that's what a capacitor is. So some guys believe like Billy Carson would, would say that the Ark of the Covenant would fit inside of the sarcophagus of the king's chamber, which it doesn't. And that it's a capacitor to power the pyramid. So, So it doesn't, how do you know that it doesn't?


Well, The Bible has the specifications for the size of the Ark of the Covenant. And they're not the same as the How different are they Considerably? Is it larger or smaller? The arc is larger. Oh, it's larger than quite a bit larger. Oh, really? On than the inside of the Sarco. Have you ever seen the one that Donald Trump has at Mar-a-Lago? No. He has Recreation of the Ark of the Covenant at Mar-a-Lago. No shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It doesn't look bigger than the really, the reason why I said it is it doesn't look bigger than the sarcophagus. Maybe I need to look at it again. And I, there's a possibility that I'm wrong there. But I know, I know that the measurements are off by enough that it was like, this isn't just a little mix and match. This was it's way off. I Feel like we should have a recreation of the arc of the covenant here.


You probably should. I probably should. There's no reason. Jamie, can you pull up that one? It was it visiting the Mar-a-Lago? I think I was trying to find the Story, but it's pretty dope, man. Yeah. It's like Indiana Jones type dope. Nice. It's, it is really cool. It looks awesome. But if that's real and these guys are just guarding it and dying of radiation poison, like, hey, get some fucking better leadership and let the world know. I mean, if you really want people to believe in God in the Bible, what better way than to say, not only is the Ark of the Covenant real, but we have it here at this church in Ethiopia and we've been suffering for the past x hundred years. I mean, how many priests have died? I don't know. I have no idea.


A lot. That'd Be, it would be a lot. That'd be a good thing to know. Well, This would be, I mean, this was supposed, the arc was supposed to have been brought there by sheep, is the queen of sheep is son ic. So if you're talking, you know, thousands of years. Right. So Ethiopia has a lot of, here it goes. That's it. Oh damn. A place. That's the one that was a Trump's foot. It's definitely a replica. Oh, that's not the one. No, no, it is. But it is the one. Well, Who knows, right? No one's seen it. Right. But, but I mean, That's One I meant, I mean, the one that's at Mar-a-Lago, there's photos of it at Mar-a-Lago people, this Is the one that was at Mar-a-Lago. Well see, that looks like that would fit inside the sarcophagus, doesn't it? Scroll up a little so I can see that. Yeah. Maybe, maybe I was wrong about that.


But I do know that Except for the handles. The handles Are the, I do know that the, the measurements are off drastically. It's not, it's not just a, an inch or two. It's enough that you're not sliding one in the other. Can you show a photo of it at Mar-a-Lago? I know we pulled it up at one point in time, because when these folks are standing around next to it. Yeah. There the far left. Yeah. See, yeah. See that looks like it would fit in there. It does Look like it would, but yeah, if you look up the measurements, I, I wished I, I don't, don't have 'em off the top of my head. I was doing that, but Contract. Oh. But yeah, they're, they, they are that the king's chamber. Yeah. If the, the sarcophagus in the king's chamber and the Arc of the Covenant are Yeah.


I mean, I feel like we should send the Green Berets into that church. Like, come on. Oh yeah. There's, come on guys. Tell us what the fuck you got. Go get some enough. Enough of this. Enough hiding. You, you, this is like, if you have that, that is, that's something for the whole human race to know. That's not something for you to hide. That's not yours to, to covet. That's wrong. No, but, but if they've been hiding it forever and it's a religious icon and it's, and they're like the, the keepers of it or whatever, How big the sarcophagus isn't the King's general. Yeah. Dang. That thing's that, that, that's crazy. The, the king's chamber itself is so bananas. The the whole thing, like, why, what did you do?


Why'd you do it this way? How did, how'd you have the resources? How'd you get those stones that are that big up so high? Oh man. There's so much, there's so much about the pyramids in general that are just so hard to even like the, like I'd mentioned a little bit last time we talked the squaring of it's, so it's like 756 feet long and there's like two to three inch variation on, on at the most. So you're, you're talking like thousands of a percent on this massive thing. And, and if you just stretch a rope from one end of this table to the other and pulled it tight, it's gonna sag a little and you're 756 feet, you're not getting a two inch accurate measurement at that with a rope. Right. With the ropes. You have to use something different. Yeah. So, so what are you using? Yeah, exactly.


That's what are you using? How are you using it? How do you get 2 million, 300,000 stones all placed within 20 years? So the 20 years. Yeah. The 20 year thing is not just That, throw that one out. 'cause that's, that, that's, that's the cynical side of things. That's where they are. We have to stick to what we know. Yeah. What we believe. It's like the, the, just a couple ferals before that guy built three pyramids. So you can't just say, well these guys were only building them each generation for tombs. It's, it seems to me like it's a multi-generational project. If that's, if these guys were the ones that built them, like, like the historians say, it seems to me like every generation was working on three. I'm, I I break ground on my grandsons.


I'm getting my sons going and I'm finishing mine. Every generation was probably doing that. 'cause these things probably took a hundred years to build. Man, they're huge. Yeah. The only explanation outside of that, it was some lost technology. Yes. That's the only explanation. The problem with the lost technology thing is where's the tools? Like what, what'd you use there? There is some evidence that there's some sophisticated cutting methods, the coring, the drills that indicate like a very high speed drill, which is interesting. So it's not just as simple as, you know, getting some tube and slowly working its way through the, the way it's cut into some of the granite indicates that it was done at a high speed. So the question is like, how, what, what was the material?


Where is it? Yeah. What happened to it? And you can, like, the, the argument Of course would be, this is the kind of stuff that we get looted right away, right. If you watch Right. Watch Mad Max. And they're not running around picking up bottle caps. They're picking up the, the stuff you can use. But on the flip side of that, the, You know, the evidence, you know, if you look at any one of your videos or mine that are about the pyramids, you're gonna have thousands of comments of people that are like, here's my theory on the pyramids. Right. And most of these are pretty mundane. Most of these are, I think they might have used water too. I say we kind of need to exhaust, in my mind, we kind of need to exhaust all that mundane shit that, that, that people can throw at this problem before we really can start saying, okay, now let's, let's, let's just step outside of history and speculate harder.


I, I'm, I'm willing to entertain the things, but if you really want to find out what happened, in my mind, you kind of have to be more, more grounded with it. That's how I look At it. Well, I think if we're looking at a linear timeline between the technology that was available to people, say 15,000 years ago and today, then yeah. Then you have to look at it in a more mundane way. Because obviously they didn't have electricity then you're thinking, obviously they didn't have diamond tip cutting tools that were made out of like some super titanium or whatever the fuck the alloy was. But if we're looking at lost technology, and if we're looking at the possibility of, you know, when you get into Graham Hancock stuff, specifically the younger drives impact theory, which I'm always fascinated by both the people that fully support it and the people that fully dismiss it.


Both of those things are interesting to me because you don't know. Just stop. Thank you. Just Stop shut. Thank you. Shut your hole. So accurate right there. Shut your hole. We're all just guessing. Yeah, we're guessing, but we're all looking at some really interesting stuff. Right. We're looking at the iridium, we're we're looking at the micro diamonds. The nano diamonds. We're looking at the, the black mat. Yeah. Do you know about my friend John Reeves up in Alaska? The, the, the bone yard in Alaska? No, I don't. John Reeves. He, he actually, this, he found this, this was actually sawed, this isn't, that's an ancient mammoth bone. Oh, wow. The, the cut, the piece that was cut out was how it was carbon dated. And I forget what the carbon date it was.


It wasn't that extraordinary. Hundreds of years, I think. Right. It was only hundreds of years. Right. Or maybe a couple thousand, I forget what it was. But the fact that it was sawed at the top is very interesting. Yeah. Because they were trying to, some of the bones they've dated to tens of thousands of years, including animals that they've found that they've found bones of that weren't even supposed to be in this area. So he has a very small piece of, he has an enormous piece of land, but a small piece of it. I think it's only about six acres where they're finding an enormous number of willy mammoth bones, short phased bear, all these different lions and all these different animals that some of them, they didn't even think were in Alaska 10, 15,000 years ago.


And there's also a thick layer of dark carbon that indicates that like something happened, like there was some sort of massive burn. And the theory is that there was an enormous flood and that this was a basin where a lot of these animals that died got washed into and then covered. So they have this wall that is essentially permafrost and they hose it down. They do it All the time, and then they see a mam, a mammoth tusk, and then they slowly work it their way out. Okay. But he has where, go to his, go to his Instagram page. John was supposed, he's every year he's our last guest, but this year he got pneumonia. Oh, that's bad. So we, we had a delay him until recently.


But this is all stuff that they find. He's a gold miner. So this is all stuff that they find incidentally on his property. Well, it started out incidentally, and now they search for it. But that's John right there in the middle with the baseball hat on. So he the big guy right there. Okay. He's a giant human. I see. So, I mean, you gotta see him in real life. He's huge. But this area that he has is extraordinary because he's got enormous. See, that's how they hose it all down. So he's set up this multimillion dollar research facility out there. He's got huge warehouses stored and thousands and thousands of these bones. Wow. And it's just in a six acre area. And then there's another additional area that's a similar size.


So you can see one of the bones, one of the tusk sticking out. But he gave us that a step bison skull that's in the lobby. I don't know if you saw that. That's 10,000 years old. Wow. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. And so he's got a bunch of, I mean, he pulls 'em out left and right. See if you can find like some of the, the bins that he has. So he's got these enormous, like look, look at all those mammoth tusks. Holy shit. Just stacks of 'em. Yeah. A ton of 'em. And they're all over the place. I mean, his, his property is really, really extraordinary. Wow. But it's all his, yeah. So he's like, Hey, fuck off. Yeah. Like, I'm, I'm just going to dig this stuff up myself. I don't want anybody coming in lying and bullshitting and controlling the area.


It's on all on private land. So I'm just gonna keep pulling the stuff out of there and hiring people to come in and, and do some research on it. Look all these bones I found. Isn't that insane? That's, That's wild. So the, that's the theory. The theory is that this was an area where a lot of these animals that died probably instantaneously by the impact got washed into and Okay. And I, I, I could see that. I mean, he does a lot of fucking bones there. Mouth. Oh, this Is you, you're only getting a tiny fraction of it. Yeah. If you actually see it, see Jamie, see if you can find one of the images of his warehouses, like from like a, there's some overhead views of the warehouses. They're huge. And they're just filled with bones and he pulls 'em out every day.


Like whenever they want, they go down there, they hose down the perm permafrost. And because it's in the permafrost, it's all preserved. Yeah. Wow. That's what I was just thinking is permafrost is preserved real well. Yeah. Yeah. So these, geez, these are just low angle, just a check. Yeah. But these are all storage bins. Yeah. But they have filled with bones. Oh man. I mean, it's pretty extraordinary. That is wild. Yeah. That's, it's sad that he doesn't want to bring the scientists in, but I can understand why it's, you know, it the, the way that things are nowadays, it's, he Doesn't trust them. Exactly. Yeah. A lot of people don't. And he wanted to come on here to like spread it out to the world. One of the things that he found out was that they dumped the previous owners of his property before he owned it.


The what, what, what museum was it again? Jamie American National History. American National History Museum in New York City had acquired some of the bones and they had so much of them that they dumped some of 'em in the, in the East River. Now they denied it. So he sent divers out to the exact spot in the East River, and they started pulling up step bison bones and all these different, like, wow. Ancient, ancient animal bones from this exact area where they said to look for it. So it's pretty much been confirmed that it's true. And they, he does know that they have some of them still, and they won't release them to him. So until they release the bones to him that are rightfully his, he's like, fuck off. Yeah. You can't come here. I, I Can understand that. Yeah. But his spot, in my opinion, is one of the best indicators that there was a mass casualty event.


There was some sort of a huge catastrophe that took place that killed all of these animals. Now we know that humans were around back then, the question was house sophisticated. Were they, and this is where it all gets so weird, you know, 'cause I've been following this forever and ever and ever. And I was following it long before they discovered go Beckley tepi. Yeah. And so the question was that the archeologists would always, the, the really arrogant archeologists would always throw in the faces of these heretics. They would say, well, if this is true, where's the evidence of this ancient civilization that was so sophisticated that can make massive stone structures 10,000 years ago? There is no evidence. Yep. Well now there is. Yeah. So now they have to kind of look at it and go, well, okay, we're wrong about that.


But we're still, we know 2,500 BC maximum. That's how old the pyramids are. They don't, they don't it, A lot of the scientists, most of the scientists are actually scientists. But the ones that we end up seeing are the ones that are invested in creating a narrative. They're the ones that they want to make sure that pseudo archeology and pseudoscience is always on its back foot and never gets a fair day in court and blah, blah, blah. These guys, they don't, they don't give us any real accurate interpretation of the data. They'll step way outside of their lane to tell you what's going on. It's, they, they're, Oh, you mean like flint dibble? I mean, I mean exactly like Flint dibble.


Well, you were the guy that broke down what he was inaccurate about when he was having that air quotes debate with Graham Hancock. Well, yeah. It's all very unfortunate because what he does know is really interesting. All that stuff about ancient seeds and stuff and how they, they change over the time. And you know how you can tell whether a seed is domesticated versus whether it's feral? Yeah. Oh yeah. He's, he's, he's good at what he does, at least as far as that stuff goes. But like, like there was another, there's a guy that's a trained anthropologist that made a couple of videos about him, Sam Urban from a illegitimate scholar. And he, I think Graham mentioned him here before. He, he's a, he specialized in underwater shipwrecks and he just blasted the stuff that Flint said, not just the 3 million shipwreck.


He just blasted on a scientific level, this is wrong, this is wrong, this is wrong, this is wrong. Yeah. He got way out of his lane with that. Yeah. And, and that's, you know, I, that's I guess one of the biggest things here. I all those guys right now are laughing. Go, you're an electrician, Dan, you're outside your lane every time you talk about this shit. But the Difference, you're outside of your lane. I'm outside of my lane about fucking every, I'm not talking about people getting beat up or cracking jokes. Yeah. Well, Only you would've a painting of you busting shouss ass. I didn't make that. Every time he posts that picture, he is like, I had a great time on g I'm like, man, I, I seen that on, that's a, that's a beautiful work of art. Right? It's very pretty, very pretty Good painting. Yeah. So we're all out of our lanes.


Yeah. It's with something, every person who's an expert is outta their lanes with a lot of things. But There's a difference. And this is like what you alluded to it a minute ago, where it's like there's a difference between saying we know for a fact and we're not sure. Yeah. And you know, a common atheist argument, if you talk like Richard Dawkins, you'll say, the minute that a scientist says, God did it, they're not worth a fuck to me in the lab because they're not working anymore. They're like, I've got the answer. But that's the same thing as the science is settled. If you say the science is done, we know for a fact you're Not, you can't say that. Yeah. Well, you're no longer worth the fuck to me In the lab, science is not settled when you don't have All the information in the universe. And we Exactly. Since we never will. Yeah. Well, maybe. We'll, Yeah,


It's a big weekend. Get in on the action of the big game and UF C3 12 at Draftking Sportsbook, the official sports betting partner of the UFC, the men's middleweight and women's straw weight titles will be on the line and the co-main events of UF C3 12. And Of course, pro football is crowning a champion at the big game. Just getting started. Pick a fighter or a team to win this weekend. Go to DraftKings app and make your pick. That's all there is to it. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. It's a big weekend only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus beds expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot coast slash audio.


Yeah. Maybe we won't, but maybe our future people will, Future selves. Yes. Yeah. I mean, what we're looking at is a mystery. And Egypt to me is one of the most phenomenal of All the mysteries, the one of the most fascinating because whatever happened however long ago, those people in Africa did something that no one's been able to do since yeah's. And they did it That's right. In a way that defies our understanding, not just of what they could do back then, but of what people could ever do, including right now. Yeah. And there's a lot to be said like that. You can't see about a ancient Egypt that's amazing. Like, You know, the Bronze Age collapse, you've heard of that right? In the sea. Peoples e Egypt was like the big power that survived.


Like all these other big powers. They were destroyed. They were crushed. They lost everything. Now, Egypt got smaller, but it survived. It wasn't until the Greeks came along that it was, I mean, there were, they'd been conquered off and on, but it wasn't until the Greeks came along that they were truly subjugated. And that's Thousands and thousands and thousands of years. And by the time the Greeks showed up, that shit was so, well, do you look on the ossian? They say that there's graffiti that's like the sacred geometry shit that was hermeticism that was popular in Greece. So they're seeing Hermetics stuff when the sacred geometry on it. And that's like, you know, thousands of years later, there's, there's their minds are blown the same as they ours are today. Wow. And that's, that's really fucked when you think about Alexandria, the great going there and tripping balls on the same shit we do.


Right. Going that's, that's crazy, man. One of my favorite quotes is that Cleopatra was born closer to the age of the iPhone than she was to the construction of the pyramids. Yes. And that's when you think about it that way, you're like, wait, what? What for real? Like that's just the conventional dating Yeah. Of the age of the pyramid, which is much discussed and debated Very much and Probably should be. It really probably should be. You know, and I know people want to point to carbon dating, but the problem with that is that we know that people resurface things and they do do touchups. In fact, they're doing touchups right now.


Ill-advised in my opinion, on the, the base of the sphinx where they've covered the feet. I, I think that's horrible. It's terrible. I I, I should have airdropped this to Jamie. I'll send it to him in a second. There's a image that I've got of that was just sent to me. That's a pretty amazing, the, there's a wall of one of the magazines in one of the pyramids that has a bunch of those VAEs in it. And this wall is like that collapsed. And the magazine is the name for a room. Anyway, they reconstructed this room, they reconstructed the wall and it's got a, a piece of one of those VAEs in the fucking wall, like right in the rubble that makes up the wall.


And I, I could not, I just, shit, I don't even have it saved. I'm sorry, let me grab it real across. Sorry. I should have done this before. You're One of those dudes use that tiny little phone. Look at that little thing. I'm an old guy. Is that the iPhone Mini? Is that what that is? Or is that the SE or Something like that? Yeah, the se I think something like That. How long is the battery left on that 20 minutes? 14, 20 minutes is is a, is about 30 extra. My son actually, he wanted an iPhone so bad. I got him an iPhone, had it for two years. And he's like, can I please have an Android? I'm so tired of having to charge my phone twice a day at school. Well, the new iPhones last forever. The new iPhones. Well, I think the Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra and the X 24 Ultra have the longest battery life in comparison to the iPhone.


Like, you know, they do those tests where they play like the Avengers and they'll play it like nonstop on a loop to see which battery dies out quicker. Oh yeah. The Androids last longer. Well that makes sense. But it's, but not by much. Like you have to be a total psycho to go. I have an, I have an Android, I have a, a Galaxy S 24 Ultra and I have an iPhone. I've never had one of 'em run out of batteries. If you charge it in the morning, you have to be a total psycho to have it have no battery life. At the end of the day, you should go to a doctor. You have a real, real phone addiction. The only time I ever had that problem recently was when I went to the Met. I went to the Met Museum in New York and that was, I, I burnt.


I had never, I was blown away by the artifacts and stuff. It ended up like basically burning my phone into the ground in order just Taking pictures. Yeah, you got a dead battery son. Yeah. It's kind of amazing that batteries work at all. Which, one of the things I wanted to bring up to you was the Baghdad battery. Yeah. Do you think that's real? Is that, was that what that was? Or is there some debate? Let's, let's tell people what it, what it is. The Badda battery, it's a, it's a clay pot. There's a number of 'em. They're clay vessels. They have a, a copper and lead inside of them. And the way that the cap is and stuff, you could potentially fill them with orange juice or something like that, a minor acid and get an electric charge from it.


Now it wouldn't be much of 'em, but you could do it. And that's someone that's worth noting right there is that you can, this has been, archeologists have determined that. Well, yeah, I mean, we don't like to admit it, but yes, these potentially could have been batteries. So like there is a, a guy that deal with debunking on it that's an arch, a popular YouTuber. And another archeologist came around and, and kind of slapped him around a little bit. And he had to admit, he's like, okay, yeah, I didn't do my research. Good. So this is the Baghdad battery. Yes. What is the conventional explanation for what these things are? The conventional explanation is that they're pots they, they really don't have like a, a, a good solid debunking of it.


Like despite what it says there on the screen. But because of what, I mean this is not speculative right? Because of what the actual materials are. If you filled it with a minor acid, it would conduct Electricity. Yes. Yes. You, you. So it does work. Yeah. It, it, it, it wouldn't make a lot, but it would make a little Like how much is a little like enough to power a toothbrush? I don't think that much, but I know that the reports anyway was that a guy was able to make a very minor electroplating with it. And that would be the, the kind of thing that would be most likely applications because other stuff requires serious Right. So like plating things with gold and stuff like that. Mm.


Interesting. So the real, the the craziest theory of all for sure is the Christopher Dunn, the Christopher Dunn theory about the actual pyramid itself. He believes it's a massive power plant. And he believed that they were using some sort of chemicals and a certain frequency of like, vibration to generate hydrogen with All the chambers and all. And you know, the way he describes it, it sounds very compelling because there's, I don't know what he's talking about. I don't, he might, he might be making it all up. Right. So the way he's saying it sounds so interesting. I've never heard anybody try to break down whether or not what he's saying makes sense though. Well, I like Chris, I get along with him. Well, I, I talk to him on the phone probably a couple times a month.


He's, we, and he knows that I disagree with him. The, the thing that right off the bat as an electrician, the first thing that would stands out to me is the claim of getting piso electricity from the blocks, which piso electricity is the electricity you get from like a quartz crystal when you stress it. So like your watch or a charcoal igniter for a grill, right. You just, there's a, the igniter is just a piece of quartz that they pop it with a little spring and a stick when you pop it and it's got a piece of metal on each side and wires and that harnesses the charge. That's the first thing is each one of the quartz crystals in those big limestone blocks would have to have a piece of metal around it and wires coming off of it or some, some way of harnessing the electricity.


There's tons of natural electricity happens All the time, right? Tons of, but you have to harness it in order to do something with it. Is this just our understanding of how to use electricity and could there potentially be something that we missed? Well, It's of of, there's, there's definitely stuff we don't know about electricity. I mean, we'll start there. There's clearly things we don't know about it. We're, we still have guys working on the shit All the time and they're making better and better semiconductors and whatnot All the time. And, but having said that, maybe, but at that point it's, we're kind of like, my thinking on that is, is if we're going to say this is a technological thing and here's the way we get there. And then it's like, well, but we can't really do this.


Well couldn't it be something else? Well, at that point, why say that this is why build a technological story from what we have. Why not just make shit up? Also, it's like what came first, the chicken or the egg? Because if you have the technology to turn that thing into a gigantic electrical generator, where did you get the technology to build it? Yeah. Like what do you use if this is the first one, if you figure, so that means you made more of these to make electricity to fig or some or other form of power. You did something. And that's what to me is so amazing about this that no one can really look at it and go, oh, this is simple. No. You know? No, it's even, even if you com just, it's a tomb.


It's a tomb alone. Even those guys have to admit that it's not simple. No. Right. But when you look at it from a potentially technological angle, I mean there's, Chris had put a lot of work into his theory. It's not, and it is intricate and he's a very intelligent person. Yeah. He, he is really, he's so smart that when I talk to him, I, I feel like, you know, I feel like I'm talking to a guy a bit smarter than me. Right? Yeah. He's intelligent, but I don't agree with him on some of these things. And that's really, I, I think that's one of the reasons he likes me is because I'll be chill about it and just be like, have him like, like yeah, you're fucking char. Yeah. That's a really important point. And that's one of the things that I really do enjoy about your videos. When you disagree about something, you're very cordial about it.


It's, I think that's important. 'cause You know, I've talked about this many times, but it's a real flaw with human beings. We attach ourselves to ideas and we defend those ideas as if we're defending our worth as as people. And it's stupid. And if you're wrong about something, it's just information. It should, it should just be an idea. It shows far more about your flaws if you're willing to defend ideas that are clearly inaccurate. I couldn't agree with you more there that thanks for the compliment by the way, but yeah, I couldn't agree with you more there. It's a complete mess. And, and especially when it's science, that's where, it's where archeology really can piss me off because these guys, there's a lot of it that's just made up stuff, right?


It's, it's one thing to say, we know for a fact this was carbon dated to x and blah. It's another thing to say this looks like that. Therefore it's this that, I mean, that's the same, the guys say that about all kinds of shit, right? Oh, here's these stones look like pillows. Ergo they must be concrete. Well it's like, Jamie, could you show that stupid image with the anime face on it? I, I'm using this one to drive that point home that the parado is not just because it looks like something does not fucking mean that The parado Yeah, it's parado is when you see, see something in the clouds or whatever. Oh, okay. Okay. Just because something looks like something doesn't mean that this is the way to suss what a fucking ancient artifact is. Oh, this one is the image of the, the eyes of is the eyes of Horace.


Is that what that is? Yeah. And then so there's a lot of weird speculation as to what that means, right? Yes. And some people think it means the pineal gland. Yeah. There's a lot of, of, of speculation about that. Agreed. But we, my point is obviously we can't just assume that, oh, well, because it looks like some anime girl, it's they ancient Egyptians we're all, Of course, but That's, well one of the best ones is that the image of someone holding up something that either is a basket or looks like some sort of frequencies are emanating from some device. Yeah, that one's interesting. Yeah. Like maybe it's a basket. It doesn't look like a basket though. No, it looks, looks like some You're trying to indicate something. Yeah, It does. It does look like they're trying to, at the very least, highlight This.


The other ones with the, the is long fallous looking tubes. That's that, that seem to be some sort of energy source or something. Well, a lot of, and a lot of 'em have that like pyramid shape on their, on their crotch, right? Yeah. A lot of just like this big straight, and it's not, it doesn't look phallic, but I mean, it, it kind of implies it, but it, it imply almost like it's a, like it's symbolism for something. Right. Those long tube ones. See if you could find those, how would you describe that? Like if he's gonna search for it, Energy emanating from the right. That's Yes. This is one of the hardest things about this is trying to find Bam, he found it. Oh, damn. Oh, so then lights That's yes. Dirt. Yeah.


So like, what the hell is that? That's, yeah, that is a, some people think it's a, then that's an actual light bulb that's a bong to the left. Some people think that that's a, that's a light bulb. Well, Like, what is that supposed to be? What the hell is that supposed to be? There's, it looks like a serpent inside of it. Yeah. It's there, it, the mainstream thing is that it's like a symbol of, of life and like that's the, I forget which, which plant that is, but it's, What's that thing above it too? What are those little that Yeah, what the hell's that? Well, It looks like writing of some sort, but I'm not sure what it says. That's one of the, my main hopes for ai. That AI will get so sophisticated they can start deciphering these things in a more meaningful way.


In a way where you could use, you know, these large language models. Like if, if we get like some, you know, like they have the Rosetta Stone, the Rosetta Stone allowed them to decipher a lot of the ancient hieroglyphs. If they could get some sort of much more comprehensive analysis of what they were trying to say with this stuff, You know, that would be nice. Yeah. Yeah. If it's even possible. I mean, I'm just guessing. Well, yeah, It's D light. It might be something that they can pull off. It's, you know, AI's a tough one. You'd have to ask Elon that's more his neck of the woods than mine, But, so it's a part of the it reference is part of the Egyptian creation myth. Yes. The, the water lily or the, the lotus flower was it that came out that, Hmm.


It's so weird. It is there. Their iconography is weird. That's one of the reasons I was taking so many pictures at the, at the Met. It was just like, there's just, it's so many things are just weird. Just fucking weird man. Yeah. You just look at it, you're like, this does not, it's So old. Yeah. So old and so weird. It's like we don't even know what their language sounded like, which is also amazing. Yeah, it is. It's, it's like I just have All the places in the world where I could go back in time and observe, you know, just somehow undetected, you know, if you get a a a like a a some sort of a sphere of time that could place you in a place where you would, you wouldn't disturb anything, but you could observe.


That's what I like what was going on. Yeah. Well, how'd they do that? What Did it look like? Yeah. What did their culture look like? What did the people look like when they were going about their, their daily tasks? You know, we used to think it was slaves that built the pyramid, but now they think no, they were skilled workers. Yeah. And they think that based on what their diet was and they were eating good food and these, these people were well taken care of Yeah. That were involved in working around that area. So like who are they? What was it? What was it all about? Yeah. That's one of the things that it, they, when they say that it's not slaves that built it, that kind of makes me chuckle because Yeah, we know that they had, you know, well fed people that worked there, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they were the only people that worked there.


I mean, if you go right, you know, down to construction over here, you're gonna have a guy that's eating at zip or eating at freaking Burger King or whatever, and you're gonna have another guy who's eating a $300 lunch and they're gonna be working the same job site. Right. Good point. So, but, but Also probably a lot of 'em didn't wanna work there and they were forced into it, which makes you A slave. If paid pay slaves, well, they're still slaves. They're still slaves. That's right. If you kill 'em when they leave, they're slaves. They're still slaves. That's right. It's like you have a job to do, no matter what you want to do. Oh, you want to become a musician? Fuck off. Go push that rock, Push the rock and push it some more. Well, You know what? That one is another, The, we are never going to stop being fascinated by the people of the past that we don't understand.


And I think, again, the best example of that is Egypt. Yeah. And that's where like we were talking about how the archeology and the archeologists and pseudo guys will argue with each other so much about, and it gets so bad blooded about it. It's like, man, I talked about this a little bit last time, but there's really is I see it as two distinct, like halves of the human psyche at work in this thing, in this regard. You can almost see it, the, the, the distinction in the way that scientists tend to be antisocial. They're, they're not, and it may not be, antisocial might not be the right word, but they're just a little fucking weird man. They're the kind of guys that, they dress weird, they talk weird, they act weird. They just come across fucking weird. You talking About Flynn Dill? I'm talking About all scientists in general, but yes, he, he would be one of them.


But he is not the only one. Like John Hoops is a great example of this too. If you watch him, the way he carries himself, the way he talks, he's just fucking weird. And he look at Einstein, watch that guy, he carried himself fucking weird. Yeah. But my friend Chris Williamson has a very interesting take on that, that I think is very accurate. He said, if you expect regular people to get extraordinary res results, you're nuts. You're being silly. Yeah. You're gonna get weird people that are gonna get weird results. That's exactly right. Yeah. I agree with you. Now, I, I am more scientifically literate, I think, than most of the people that I know. So, and I kind of feel like, like Shane Gillis jokes about being nicked by the Down syndrome thing.


I just, I feel like I was nicked by the antisocial thing. I walk into a bar and if I don't know anybody, my first instinct is just to go sit in the corner and watch. Well That's, that's part of the problem with being intelligent. You're worried that you're gonna get dragged into a dumb ass conversation and it's, you go, won't stimulating, it's the opposite of stimulating. It's brutal. Oh, it's terrible. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But if you sit in the corner and watch, well, then you look like the weird old guy creeper in from the fucking corner. So you just go sit at the bar and talk to people. But I, I'm aware that, you know, I can be a little off that way. Right. But these guys, they're, every now and again, one of 'em will show up. That's like a Carl Sagan. Now, this guy, he, he, he's just a regular Joe. He could talk to everybody and he happens to be a fucking great scientist.


And, You know, he got a lot of shit from his colleagues for that. He got a lot of shit from his colleagues for taking the time to talk to the peasants. Yeah. But, And the way he did it wasn't abrasive. You know, if, if somebody asked him about aliens, if they're like, man, you know what, what do you think was the aliens were up to over on Alpha Urry? What kind of technology do you think they have? That's almost his initial response. It'd be like, how, you know, you're always thinking, how the fuck am I supposed to know? Right. But then he'd, well, you know, alpha Centuri is about a billion years older than our star. So if you were to assume that they were around for a billion years longer than us and had the same stuff, and so he, he would entertain them and then he would do things. He would interject a little bit of science. When they would ask a question, he would answer it and make sure that there was a little science in that so that people that really didn't give a fuck about learning about the science.


I just wanna talk about UFOs. Yeah. Spoonful of sugar and the fucking medicine went down. You're walking out with some science in your head, bitch. Like it or not. Yeah. That's being a science educator. Right. Which is very important And very rare. Yeah. For 'em to be good. It's very rare for them to be good. Yeah. The, have you seen the, the recent images that they got from Mars of that big square? What the fuck is that? I, it's one of those things where I was, was talking to Jamie just before the show. It's, it is a bad day to be a professional skeptic. I'm telling you. What if, as you've been making the last year, living the last 20 years, poo-pooing All the aliens and UFO shit and whatnot, man. Oh man. Is it a rough day for you? Because that same shit was Lidar from the South American Forest.


You'd be like, yeah, it was probably a village there. That makes sense. This Is even more clear than Lidar, right? Yeah, I know. It's, it's super square. It's above the surface. Yeah. Super. Jamie pulled a photo of it up. This is super recent, right? Yeah. I Just, a few days ago, I, yeah, This, this, it found it recently. I think it's been online for a while. Oh, really? Really? Yeah. Yeah. That's what I was reading. Oh, so there's is it that there's a massive data that they scan from the surface, and then someone just detected this recently? I think someone Just found it on the website. But it might be one of those things. It's like, who is going to go by hand over each one of these images? And I mean, you're dealing with the entire surface of a planet. That's what is it, like three quarters of the size of earth That I think that might even be a little small that, but It's smaller than that.


Yeah. I mean, I think it larger than that. I think it's, yeah, I think it's a little larger, but I could be wrong. Well, so something smaller than earth. Yeah, but bigger than the moon. And you're gonna go over the entire surface of it. It's a lot. Yeah. And this, I think they think the rough estimates of this square are between 300 colo, 300 meters and multiple kilometers. They don't know how big it is. You know, it's 'cause it's like, it's hard to get a reference. Yeah. So I think the estimate is at the very smallest, it's several hundred meters across. So this thing, this square, it's really crazy because it's right angle, right angle, right angle, right angle. Yeah. And doesn't look to be very asymmetrical either.


This One says like, they added that square so you can see it better. It's like superimposed on that one. Yeah. Yeah. But this is the original image. Just this alone. You're like, what The fuck is, like I said, if, if, if you were to tell me that was a lidar picture from South America, I'd be like, Okay. Yeah. It's just too convenient that it makes a square. It just seems so weird. It is. It's, and then there's another image that goes along with this that's even more bizarre. Maybe not even more bizarre, but it's like, almost looks like a cone, like a cone structure that's emanating from the surface. Like surrounded by a circle. Yeah. Have you seen that one? I haven't seen That one, but I've, I've seen people talk about, So you can find that one Jamie. Things like that.


Just had that one. I lost it now. Yeah. It's, it's real weird stuff. And no one has, like, the, the face on Mars was real interesting. I got really into Richard Hoagland and all his sidonia stuff for a while, but he was making some very bizarre measurements. Like if you go one half of the distance between this and three quarters of the way between, that's exact number that takes like, what do you, but, but don't do that. How about don't do that? Oh, don't do that. How about Don't just fucking arbitrarily look for some sort of, I, I did that in the video once, kind of being a dick, making fun of the idea that there's all this data encoded in the vases. I have no problem with the idea of the vases being like, You know, proof that these guys were, You know, they're definitely fucking exacting and whatnot.


But the idea that they've like hidden data, Is that the Cy Idonia face? I, I guess and it's right by the square. What? Really? Wow. I guess, right? Is that what that's saying? I don't know. Yeah. Oh my God. It says the giant square structure. Just a short hike from the legendary face on Mars. Holy shit. That's crazy. How do they miss that? They were concentrating on the face, which is like, it might be a face might not be to me. The original images Yeah. Look really wild. But then the images afterwards were like, oh no, it is just the weird light hitting it in a certain way. And you can find plenty of structures on earth that will do a similar thing.


What's that one? I was, I saw this too. Why is that? I this weird shit. They're finding like sticking out. Yeah. You find weird shit in nature that, that's not as compelling as the other one. There was something that looked like a cone. So the actual image when they got, what is that dirty stuff you got on the Bottom, Jamie? Horrible feed that you, Hey, I just typed in Mars Photo Terrible time for a bathroom break. Twitter. What, what's wrong? What? Twitter works. And it is kind of wild that Twitter has like hardcore porn on it. Yeah, it always has. Yeah. Very weird. I'm not complaining. Do whatever you want. I'm, I'm all for doing whatever you want. But this original tract of images, it's a long one.


And if you scroll through it, one of them is some very bizarre looking cone like structure. That's it. That's it. Oh, okay. Yeah. That is weird. Very weird. Like, what's that? I mean, it could be just a mountain, but it looks like a zit. It does. It's it is. And the fact that it's so close to that other thing, that's what's screwed. It's the face too. Yeah. The face, isn't it? They're all, yeah. So it's all this one area that's been studied for a long time as being that there's a bunch of different things there that you can interpret as being some sort of a structure. Well, Jimmy was sharing that video in res in response to this. The, a buzz Aldrin saying that there's like a, a Monolith.


A monolith on the moon. Yeah. Yeah. I hadn't seen that before. I mean, I embarrassingly hadn't, I mean, I've always been a little out of the u ffo side of things. I've always watched it, but always, you know, just a little bit. I'm, I'm usually looking at pyramids And shit. Wouldn't you like to feed buzzards some mushrooms and say, tell me what you know dude. Yeah. Tell me what you really know. I like tell what you know. I did you really go I I like the clip when he punches that fucking dude that calls him Buzz. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. That guy bark. You're A liar. Yeah. Needs to work on his punch. Really? Yeah. Had a clean shot and didn't do much. Hey, it is a zero gravity training. His bones are deteriorated. Getting space for so long. That is a wild thing that does happen to them. Mm. It takes forever for your body to get back to normal.


Yeah. It's, when you're up there for a while, It's crazy to think that like, that stress is needed. Like you, if you don't have those kinds of stresses in your life that, like your body just Yeah. Which fucks up the whole Superman myth because Superman came over here, his body would deteriorate. Yeah. After a while it'd be just like us Poor Guy. Right. Wouldn't even work. Wouldn't you Can't just fly. But obviously cartoons, no x-ray, but of it. Yeah. All those things. The ability to go so fast, you could spend time backwards. Remember spun the earth back the opposite. Save Louis Lane. Yes. And It was like water goes up the hill. Yeah. If you could somehow or another make sense out of the possibility that a civilization existed on Mars and was wiped out millions and millions of years ago, that would change the way we think about everything.


And I feel like that square is one step closer to like really needing a comprehensive analysis of what's there. Yeah. Because before it was just like, oh, it's a lifeless planet. But at one time it had an atmosphere. Interesting. Oh, they found frozen water. Oh, interesting. Well, they actually found liquid water now. Yeah. More interesting now they found a big square. Okay, what's that? Yeah, that one to me is the What's that? And this is where it, my mind, the, this is where the, the, that skeptics versus dreamers thing gets really fucked because The, the answer should be the same for everybody.


Let's just next expedition, let's poke around a little up there, right? Yeah. Let's, let's find out the evidence. But the answer's always from one side. It's definitely this from the other side. It's definitely not, not completely, but that to the point where we don't get to draw a parallel without John Agney. The the site. Yeah. The underwater site that Graham Hancock likes to talk about. The skeptics are certain that it's a geological formation. Most of the other people are not. We need work done. That's the, the, the clear fucking answer is just put some money at it, put some bodies on it. And until then, the answer in my mind is when somebody asks me, what do I think about ya goony? I say, well, it's interesting, You know, it probably been eroded for a long time, so it might be manmade and just looks naturally, it might be natural.


We need more evidence before I'm gonna hang my hat anywhere. Right. And that's, which Is very reasonable. And, and in all honesty, it should be the scientific position. It should be the position that the scientists are espousing. If they wanted to have credibility in this sphere, they should be the ones towing that line. And then let the peer idiots all be certain, and this is how we know it was, and the scientists can look, but instead they get in the mud and act just like everybody else. They, they also stall progress with their arrogance. They stall progress by dismissing any possibility. Like what are those ones? Is it near The Bahamas? Those enormous stones that are on the floor, the surface of the ocean. The Bimini road.


That's Right. Yeah. That one's weird. Yeah. Like if you don't think that's weird, like, come on. And, and they're right that it is, I I would agree with the geologist that there's a really good chance that it's just beach rock, however we can do work. Yeah. This is the stuff that's like the people that, You know, if you say that the rocks are geopolymer and sex, say who, Iman or whatever. Right? It's like there's no reason for us to argue about this man. We just fucking do some work. Right. The Bimini road was really interesting. There's a lot of really interesting stuff that they find under the, under the water that makes you think, okay, what is this and the ya goni thing. Like if that's the case, see that to me that could easily be natural.


Yeah. When I'm looking at it right there, that easily could be natural. They're not uniform enough to, for bells to Gopuff, you know. But that one lower right, that one right below that, Jamie right below your cursor to the right. That one freaks me out a little. Yeah. That seems like those are stacked. Yeah, it does. It seems very much like that. And when you're dealing with, if you want to go really crazy with the, like the John Anthony West version of it, which is like 30,000 plus years, that's probably what you would have left over. Yeah. That's very accurate there. That's, there's a thought tool that archeologists use called the So Solarian hypothesis.


And Solarian is like this Dr. Who, bad guy that was went into hibernation. There were lizards. They went into hibernation like before the I dinosaurs died out. And then they wake up one day and there's all these monkeys running around on their planet. And so, but that's the Dr. Who's thing. Right. But the, the solarian hypothesis is basically a thought tool for archeologists and historians to say, well, if there was a advanced civilization on earth 10 million years ago, what would we need to find in order for it to exist? And or what would we find now 10 million years later? And the answer is usually like radioactive material. It's like 10 million years, man. You, you might find a couple of bones, but the odds of finding anything that's gonna actually prove that they had technology.


Yeah. Not much. That's also the problem with the idea of this very sophisticated construction methods of the pyramids that we're using some sort of advanced technology. Like what would, if John Anthony West is correct, and he's talking about 30 plus thousand years, what would be left after 30,000 years? Well, certainly not much metal. No. Oh no, that's, that stuff would be looted right away. And even if it wasn't, what would be actually left of it if it was just like sitting on the ground be Rotted and, and melted. Yeah. To nothing. The, the video that you sent me yesterday, the, the one with the, the stone nubs, the, they talked about holes, all those, I can't say for All the sites, but like the coliseum and stuff, they used metal to bond the, the bricks together and the concrete together in places.


So years later when the city's under attack and they need metal to make swords, they looted it. That's, that's recorded. That makes sense. And it happened a lot, a lot in the Roman world. So I'm Glad you brought up the nubs. Yeah, because the nubs, that was one of the videos that I watched of yours yesterday where for what we're talking about folks is there's many places like Machu Picchu. There's what, what other places have nubs? Oh, All over the place. Even that Montana thing. Even In Montana, which is weird, Montana, you'll see 'em on Egyptian sar, Kapha guy, you'll see 'em on the casing, unfinished casing stones at the bottom Mancar pyramid, you'll see 'em basically almost every megalithic site on the planet has some nubs somewhere.


All the ones, if they're finished blocks, you'll usually find nubs somewhere. And do you think that it's possible that those nub, there's the nubs, those nubs were used to hoist things up and move them into place? Oh yeah, Absolutely. I, it, I mean they, they, there's a technique called a lifting boss that, that's used to lift big things like that. But there's a couple other issues with that being the only reason that they're used for one, A lot of times they're small like that and they wouldn't really do you much good for two. A lot of times we see 'em like on the lids of a, of a coffin, for example, which you wouldn't wanna leave it there afterwards 'cause you don't wanna facilitate the next guy to be able to pop the coffin lid. Right. So You say that they're small, but if you were trying to place something Exactly, and you were lifting it up from the bottom, the only way you would be able to do that is if you had something like a nub sticking on the outside of it.


Yeah. In order to catch a, a rope or keep it from walking or something Like that. Right. Or whatever it is, boards or what, whatever you're using to lift that and place it into position. Yeah. Oh yeah. There's, like I say, there's, they, they are lifting bosses are a thing. They're not, it's not unknown. And there's a, there's a good possibility. I mean, there's not a good possibility. Quite certainly quite frequently these were used for that. And interesting also that the bottom stones don't have them. That's the fact a lot of people do bring up a good point. I didn't talk about it in my video, but it's interesting point is that why did they get left now? Like that one around the windows there, like to me that's pretty clearly to the left, Jamie.


Sorry, that one right there. Yeah. The one's got, that one's pretty clearly to me. Like that's functional, right? I mean they're, they're right. That looks like maybe like stopped, had an iron gate attached to, or something Veranda or some shit. A smoking balcony. But some of 'em on the other hand, they'd look a lot more questionable. Okay. Like, like those Are Odd. Yeah. Thank you. Those are really odd. They're just fucking weird. And, and sometimes you see 'em on, on things that don't like the, the, the stone was carved in the ground and they left these On scroll. Sorry, Jamie to the one a little bit higher with the red tint to it. Upper right hand side, upper right. Right above that. Yeah.


Click on that. Like, that is so strange. See, And, and now like on stones like these, you don't really need a lifting boss. Okay. You got like that. Look at that stone that's on the right there. That's all the one to the left. The that guy there. You could just use that lip on the corner. Right, right above, right below the cursor. You could use that lip for a lifting boss. You can tie a rope around that thing and put it, push it wherever the fuck you want it. There's Right. But if you wanted to get it to sit down without having to pull out whatever's underneath it or whatever underneath it getting crushed, wouldn't you want something to assist you? Like that little nub? No. Yeah. You, yeah. Well you, but again, you could just pop it into the corner on the side and do the same thing.


Right. But if you were doing that as a method for each individual stone and some of 'em you couldn't pop in like that. Yeah. Okay. I Can go with that. You know what I'm saying? Like it would be a technique that you would use to hoist these things into position. Does anybody have an explanation of what these things are? No. Well, yeah. I mean they, that's the lifting boss is what the mainstream explanation is. I say that all of 'em were for that. And there's again, there, there's, it's the ubiquity that really makes it different to me. It's like, and, and the popping up on different sides of, of the ocean. And that's where it, it just seems kind of weird. It's like there's for it to show up the looking so similar used so similar all over the place, left behind when they're done. That's kind of weird too.


Right? They Didn't polish 'em down. They didn't polish 'em down. Yeah. The rest of the walls. Us a lot of times, I mean the stones are fitted so well together. Clearly they knew how to make these stones flat as fuck. Why is this part still got this big tit hanging off of it? It's just a little, it's weird. Despite the title of my video saying the true purpose, that's just click bait. Nobody knows there's, the best mainstream explanation would be lifting bosses. The most common alternate history explanation is usually like, it's like a leftover from the concrete being pulled out. Like the guy in the video was saying, or it's like if you have a bag of concrete and it's just like the one little spot that kind of seeps out.


I don't think that they're from geo geo polymers, but that's, Yeah. I've heard the concrete explanation too as far as the, the, the stones and the great pyramid. But Yeah, no, we can test again. We can test these things. That's, that's where the, some of the guys that claim that, that they're all, everything's geo polymers will pretend that we can't test things. But the reality is we absolutely can test that for that kind of shit. I mean, that's not difficult at all actually. So the problem is, and this is where it gets, like you said, the archeologists stand between things. The problem is, is that in certain places in the world, like Peru for example, in Bolivia, it's fucking hard to get Look at those alien bodies right down in Peru, right?


Yeah. Those Okay. Oh, we've been looking at 'em. Oh, I'm Sure you have. And the scientists keep saying they're real, but the only fucking scientist I ever see weighing in on 'em are Peruvian scientists. It's like, okay, let, let, let some people from around the world. Oh no, no, no. Fuck you guys. These are us. All right, man. That's, But is that like a hyper exaggerated version of the boneyard? It it, it could, it could be deeper Implications. It could be, but we've seen a lot of the same kind of stuff with them, with, they, they have a problem in Peru with archeology and, and corruption with the money. Like, I don't know if you saw my video on the elongated skulls, but they, I didn't. Okay. They, that video I just covered basically how those things came in, these big bundles.


Okay. They'd get these grave bags and there'd be a body in there. And so they harvested a couple of, I think like 600 of these bundles. And every time they just get opened and willy-nilly shit get moved around. Rockefeller ends up trading for a few of 'em and into finance. 'cause they could didn't have finances to store these things properly. So Rockefeller got some of those heads. Oh, oh yeah. His, he, he, and we don't know how many exactly. He reportedly just four. But like, he gives the money to these people to, to like restore all these mummies. And the first thing that they do is they restore a bunch of textiles that other mummies that they don't have anymore where like packed in and shit. It's just even All the way up into the sixties, an anthropologist opened like 70 some odd bundles, recorded what he found in four of them and put the rest back on the fucking shelf.


They've been stealing artifacts and selling 'em on the open market. Right. And it's all about money. The so Really rich people, like some billionaire guy goes, I want a mummy. What do I gotta get to? I want a mummy room in my castle. I want one with a head. I want one with a really weird head. Yeah. Which one's got the best head? Let's open 60. Okay. And that's just the, the Cusco tunnels. They just, this what's so fucked? They just announced this January. Archeologists have discovered that there are tunnels running under Cusco in Peru. They connect to the Temple of the Sun, to the fortress of Axman and some other places around there. Oh, these are crazy. It's gonna be great man. We did all this lidar, it's gonna be amazing, amazing discovery.


Fucking Brian Forrester uploaded video like 11 years ago of him going on a tour of those tunnels. You could pay a guy 20 years ago to go on a tour of those tunnels. They fucking were. The Spanish were riding about them in the 16 hundreds and the late 15 hundreds. The only reason that we didn't investigate these tunnels is because in the thirties was when archeology started becoming a thing and going down there and checking out those skulls and shit. And the exact same time, Madam Levitsky and Edgar Casey was like, you know those tunnels that are supposed to be down there? I bet they were built by the Atlan. And so ever since then, archeologists have poo-pooed it. There was a guy in the two thousands that, it's a, he's an Atlantis hunter. He did ground penetrating radar in early two thousands. Found those tunnels. They rejected his work. He had a priest that witnessed those Tulsa bend down in them.


He was rejected out of hand all but, but then, but that's okay because 25 years later we found it. I, I promise they didn't steal or sell anything in the last a hundred years that the world knew that these things existed. Rich people were going down there and throwing money around and there was zero safeguards. It's just like, so to circle back to the UFO or the aliens there, it's like, I have a real problem with that shit in Peru. 'cause I can't, yeah. It's just so tainted. It's so corrupt. It's so weird too. I mean I love looking at it. I wish it was real, but that to me is always the problem. Whenever it comes to alien stuff, I want it to be real. So that part of my brain, I have to go, Hey, stupid, let's, let's just because this is an x-ray doesn't mean this is legit by the way, I can make you a fake x-ray pretty easy online these days.


Yeah. It wouldn't be hard at all. But these x-rays are so compelling that if they are legitimate X-rays, if someone really did just piece this together with a bunch of random bones, what a fantastic job they did. Yeah. 'cause it doesn't look awkward at all. It looks real. It, the, the thing, the thing about them that looks the fakest is just a photograph of the bodies themselves. Everything else looks fucking pretty legit. Right. If the x-rays are real. Yes. And that's, this is part of the problem. But the x-rays that they show that they say are real God, they look so cool. I mean you see the three fingered hands, you see the bones look similar to ours, but different, you know, there's enough of it that's similar to a human beings and it is some sort of a bipedal, you know, homage like creature, whatever it is.


And we know, I mean like we know that humans existed with a bunch of other hominids on this planet for a long time. So it wouldn't be like for us to discover a new species of, even if they weren't aliens Wouldn't be crazy. Imagine if they were like way more advanced than us, but they wiped, got wiped out. That's, you know, there's versions of us that aren't as good as us that aren't here anymore. Yeah. Right. That's fair. So we have homo sapiens Dennis os that didn't discover until a decade or so ago. Yeah. Right. So then there's a bunch of different versions of human beings that weren't as good as us and we're the ones that maybe ones were better. Yeah. And maybe the ones that were better didn't make it. Yeah. Because we almost didn't make it a ton of times.


Yeah. And a lot of it doesn't. It's, we're not, it's, you could say, well why did we, some people would think at that point, why did we make it? And the ones that were better. Not if that's the case, but we're not in direct competition with each other to survive necessarily. It's also with mother nature and all these other things. Sure. So like you just wrong place, wrong times. Species gets wiped out. Sorry. Yeah. What is this Jamie? It's about the, I'm reading an article about the mummies right now. And this Popped up. Met metallic plates have been found throughout other areas of the mummy's bodies from the interior, covering some of the bones to external attachments on the skin, forming a bifunctional implant with no signs of rejection. These polymeal poly metallic plates have been analyzed using a light-based measurement revealing an alloy compound of copper, cadmium, osmium, aluminum, gold and silver.


He added, notably the silver has a purity of over 95%, which is rare in nature. Additionally, cadmium and oum osmium, relatively recent discoveries are currently used in satellite communication and satellite structures. This is what they're telling us though. One of 'em was found. That's the one. This is a daily mail article. Pregnant. This is a daily mail article. It is a daily mail article. I Said one was pregnant. I think that's the one. Yeah. Yo belly. They still fuck. That's kind of crazy. They don't have ticks. How's it pregnant? Right. Shouldn't they be farming that off to a test tube if they've gotten past intercourse? Do it like oc occupying The, the really weird ones were the, the x-rays of the body in that position where you see All the skull and the, the way the skull is formed and the way the fingers are formed.


It's very weird, weird, weird stuff. So 3D reconstruction of one hand. Yeah. Wow. Super weird stuff. Yeah, it is pretty wild. It's If it's real. Yeah. But if it's just somebody's art project, you fuckers. Yeah, I read that. So I read that the art project was the little small Ones. Yeah, the small ones and the rest of'em em have been debunked. So did they have hundreds of them? Apparently? What? Yeah. Okay. What do we have to give you? Trump get on it. Tell Trump, You Know what I'm saying? Scrap that. Scrap that. Turns Out they're Aliens. We no longer want an expedition to Ethiopia. Scrap that one. We want the bodies Imagine. Well, we need a bunch of expeditions. We need answers.


You know, we need someone who is like at a high position of the White House that's interested in this stuff. That would be very nice in Honesty. Yeah. Like find one of 'em things, bring it to America and let's do a live stream of scientists actually. And analyzing it so it doesn't get gatekeep at all. Yeah. We just get a chance to see like, show the whole world what this is. They did that with a couple of the bundles. They, they tried to, with a couple of the bundles in the fifties. There was a anthropologist that opened up two of them on, on video. And when I was researching for my video, I found that those movie reels are lost. Nobody knows where they went. They just disappeared. Big fucking shock.


There's a newspaper article that recorded what she found in one of 'em that newspaper article's, not in their archives. It is, it's it's, it just stinks. It just stinks. It's like, I I am not gatekeeping. Well yeah, it's, I'm not a conspiratorial type of person, but I'm not stupid either. Right. It's pretty clear. Fucking conspiracy there. So what was supposedly the synopsis of her article, She was just talking about what she found inside of the, one of those mummy bundles with the, the elongated skulls and the artifacts that would be under the grave goods and stuff. And The thing about the elongated skulls is some of 'em have a larger capacity, which is interesting. So it's not simply like, 'cause we know that there's a technique that they do with young children where they put boards on the side of their heads and they flatten their head.


You can actually form someone's head. Oh yeah. But that's not necessarily what was being done here. No. It there's the, the kind of nuanced argument is that some of them were legitimate aliens or other species or whatever. And then some of them were people trying to emulate that with their, with their own kids. Right. Like that it was a status symbol to have that elongated head. Exactly. Some people try to fake it and pretend maybe it was just a genetic anomaly. Right. Like some sort of bizarre, like we, we, we talked about this. The people that are born, there's a certain tribe in Africa where a bunch of 'em have only two toes and they look like ostrich feet. Wow. Have you Seen that? Oh wow. No I haven't.


That's crazy. Yeah. Jimmy could find it. It's real weird. So it's some genetic anomaly that like a lot of people have there. It's not really, it's not rare. There's a photo of a bunch of 'em sitting there with their feet up. Like that's what their, their toes look like. Oh wow. Yeah. And so there's quite a few people that have this genetic anomaly with their toes. Wow. Yeah. Very strange. That is. So they have two enormous toes. So their feet are completely different than ours. Wow. Yeah. And there's quite a few people that have that. Now you could imagine that a similar genetic anomaly could take place with the shape of the skull. Absolutely. If you could develop people that were a bunch of 'em.


Or it's a, a gene that can spread, like you can pass it on. That you could have something where people had a larger head. Yeah. And a weird shaped head. Yeah. That would, and if it offered any sort of of advantage at all, you know, and you might think, well how could that be? It's, you know, obviously a, a problem. But if it, if it offered any sort of advantage like the, you know, the Galapagos Islands, right? The iguanas there that go down and swim in the water and eat moss off the bottom. Y'all got webbed feet. So it stands to reason to me that whatever happened that isolated Galapagos and made it a shitty place to try to find food for an iguana. You got one of these iguanas, it's a little mutant McNugget running around and he's got webbed toes already.


And he's like, fuck man, nobody wants to hang out with me 'cause I look all weird. But then this happens and all of a sudden he's the only guy that can consistently get food. It's, you know, that kind of disadvantage, turns advantage overnight kind of thing. So, well Those advant, those weird adaptations take place quicker than they thought. And a good example of that is the Congo. You know, there's parts of the Congo where there's an amazing BBC documentary about as a multiple disc cv, cd DVD rather thing that I had back in the day. And this Congo documentary, one of the things they found was there was a lot of plains animals that got trapped in the Congo. So the Congo, because of the change of the climate there, at one point in time it was planes, so it was grasslands.


So you have all these antelope and all these different animals that normally exist in these open wide areas, but they're jammed into a rainforest now and they've adapted. And one of the animals that adapted is the dyker. So the dyker is a small antelope that can swim underwater for as much as a hundred yards and eats fish. Jesus. Yeah. Wow. Okay. So this thing that lived out in the plains, like All the other little antelopes now can fucking swim and dives underwater and can swim a hundred yards underwater. That's insane. And eats fish. That's insane. So This weird adaptation that takes place just in the Congo. Yeah. You know, which is, this is like incredibly vital environment that so much diversity of life exists in.


That's Weird. It's weird, but it's crazy. Like how, how ubiquitous those things can be. Like, You know, Madagascar in the lemurs, lemurs basically like have all these evolutionary niches in Madagascar filled in like instead of a woodpecker, there's a lemur with a big ass fucking finger. And he tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap. Really? Yeah. If, if you can look that guy up if you want Jamie. The whoa, the Madagascar's got almost every major evolutionary niche is filled by a lemur. It's really? Yeah. It's a fucking lemur island man. It's just cov It's just if like the different kind of lemurs on Madagascar all over the place. It's not every single one, but like woodpeckers, there's no fucking woodpeckers there.


The insect eating birds are not birds. They're lemurs. Whoa. The whole, the whole island is, That's it. Look at that. Look at those fucking claws. How weird that looks. Fake The eye, eye earth. The finger of death. The world's most demonic lemur is also its most endangered. Meet the creature with the ugliest finger on the planet. What does it look like? The full version of it? Show picture. Whoa. Look at his eyes. What a cool looking. Wow. That's a lemur. Yeah. That looks like something from like Lord of the Rings. That does not even look like a real creature.


Yeah. It's evolution's crazy that way. And it's like, whoa, Look at that little fucker. You get a great example of like, like probably heard them say that like the dinosaurs get wiped out and allowed mammals the opportunity to take over the planet. Like otherwise mammals would've just been a bunch of shrews running around in the grass. Right. And that's that, that exact kind of thing. It's like that lemur ain't gonna outcompete woodpeckers, but he don't have to, so he gets to take off and do his thing. You Know, because there are no woodpeckers there. Yeah. So something fills that niche. Exactly. So we, it's that same kind of thing. We get to see it in, you know, like you were talking about the what the, what's that name of that deer thing you were talking about?


The dyker. Dyker. It's an antelope. Yeah. Antelope. Yes. That to become a underwater meat eater. That's, that's quite a jump. But there's probably not many alligators down there doing that exact same job. I mean, not many things taking, its, its spot. Otherwise it wouldn't have been able to find a niche there. Right. There wouldn't have been no food. Right. Yeah. There's just, it's really interesting. There's herds of antelope running through dense rainforest running through puddles in the water and everything. Really crazy. 'cause they just sort of got trapped there. Wow. Wow. Wow. That's so insane. It's like the, the, the mountains that they have in the South America where they've got, basically it's like the same as an island where it's like nothing can go down from a certain elevation.


So like there's a bunch of things that live up in the mountains that are basically evolutionary isolated and have been for 10,000, 20,000 years. And so you got a bunch of goofy species that are only next mountain over there. A little bit different. Next mountain over there. A little bit different. Same as the finches that Darwin was chasing around in the early days. Yeah. Pretty interesting stuff. I I, I can nerd out on all that shit for a long time. I love it. But Just the sheer variety, the sheer variety of life forms that we know are real. And what's interesting is like things that are cryptic or, you know, cryptozoology type deals. People are so dismissive of them. But I'm like, by God, there's so much that's real. There's so much that's real.


Like one of my favorites is the the little hobbit man. Yeah. From the island. 'cause that was dismissed forever. That was just nonsense until a couple decades ago. They're like, oh hey, okay. We just found something that's like a little tiny person, a little three foot person. That's not us. You know, it's, but it's byed and it's seems to have worked with tools and hunted. It's, it's funny how skeptical they get with this stuff. It's, it's, or where it's not even skeptical. It's cynical. 'cause I mean clearly we know that island dwarfism exists, which is where things get smaller or bigger on islands depending. Right. You might have some big ass swans and some small elephants on an island.


Yeah. Lizards get bigger. Right, Exactly. Smaller things tend to get bigger and bigger things tend to get smaller. So if we know that's a thing, then why is it a problem to assume what that would happen with, with humans or with hominids. Right. We know what happens with the elephants. Yeah. Dwarf elephants on these islands. It's for, and that's the kind of thing that honestly is almost as sounds like religious thinking, not scientific thinking. To me it's like we're better and we we're not, we're immune to All the same forces of nature. It's like a scientist would just should just be like, okay man. It is, it could be. Right. Yeah. It's just ego. It's it's Ego. Ego works with everything in the wrong direction and it's including science and Well That's, to me that's, that's kind of, it's kind of fucked because even though I know that those guys, like I was saying earlier are socially awkward and probably emotionally stunted quite frequently, can't even suss their own feelings.


But at the same time it's like science is the whole fucking expedition. The whole undertaking, the whole reason you do it is to see clearly. And when trying to get rid of, Joe has an opinion. Jamie has an opinion. Dan has an opinion, they're all different. But if we all see the same thing, we can be pretty sure that this is real. But if I see it different than you then Jamie. Well now Yeah. And so when they inject their ego heavily into it, political, political quite frequently nowadays it's, it's not fucking science anymore man. You are, you are defiling the thing that you set out to do. Yeah. You, you know, you're doing it. So I get kind of, let's just Call it no truth. Like truth is the most valuable thing.


If you're speaking openly about something. If you're talking about something publicly, truth is the most important thing. As soon as you are willing to violate truth, to preserve something else, like your status, your ego, your, you know, your place in the hierarchy of information. Well now I can't listen to you anymore because I know you're willing to lie. You're a grifter. I mean, yeah. And obviously politics is the best example of that. I mean especially today. I guess it's probably a good time to talk about this. There was a thing that came out recently. There was a book that was some book about the Kamala Harris campaign where they talked about her getting on this show and they said a bunch of things that weren't true. They talked to a po supposedly talked to like 150 different people about her.


And you know what happened with her coming on this show? I don't know if it's 150. A lot of people, they didn't talk to us and which is kind of crazy and, but just like, they didn't even ask, but they said things that just weren't true. One of the things they said that weren't true was that we lied about the day that Trump was coming on. No, we just didn't tell you that Trump was coming on. He was already booked a long time ago. This is how it worked. Trump was really easy to book. Like super easy. We offered one day, he said yes, that was it. There was no, what are we gonna talk about? How long is it gonna be? Is it gonna be edited? There was nothing. Yeah. There What's the wave waiver here, gimme that waiver.


Sign it. It was so easy. So he was already booked. They never committed to doing the show. So all this talk, there was another thing they said that the reason why they did the Beyonce thing, the Beyonce event in Houston was so that they could be in Texas to do my show. They never agreed to do the show. None of that's true. They never agreed. That's fucked. They also said that they sent someone down here to the studio to do a walkthrough of the set. That's not true. The Trump administration did. I mean if they are trying to say that they as in the entire federal government, well I don't think the Trump, well I guess the Secret Service is a part of the federal government. Maybe you can kind of get away with saying that because the Secret Service came down here for Trump and looked around that we sent someone down, but it was not, it was the Trump administration sent 'em down 'cause they're the only ones that had a date to do the show.


These people didn't have a date to do. They never agreed to do the show. This is a really important, even after Trump went on, they offered for me to come to DC and do a show with Kamala. But even then it was the same deal. It was only like 45 minutes to an hour. And you know, it was not on my set. And I said that, look, he did it here. We should probably do it here. Like if it's possible to do it here. Obviously when he did it, it had an enormous result. I'm willing to do the same thing for her. I wanted to release both of them on the same day. This was my goal. I was even trying to figure out if there was a way that I could do it. And I even offered to do it late that night.


So the night that Trump came on, I'm like, what if we do her, like when she's done in Texas, if she came here, but no one ever committed to doing it, this is like really important. 'cause they keep pretending that I lied or I did this or I did that. No one, they never committed to doing it. Well we offer, we went through, I I've got a whole by, we have All the receipts by the way. Of course I have a whole list of conversations that took place. They never said she was gonna do it. So this whole idea that we fucked her over and that we, we fucked her over for Trump. Incorrect. Just not true. And she, you know, But I think it's someone trying to cover their ass for the fact that she never did it. And if she did do it, it might've had a positive effect.


Yeah. It's, if her and I had a good time and we got along great and she went over, you know, the air quote, young male vote, things could have been different. It could, who knows. So this guy's probably trying to cover his ass. That's, I I was, that's what I'm thinking too is because I, the reaction to her not coming was like pretty big. But they didn't commit to doing it. Yeah. This is the thing why while this guy's saying like that we, we were difficult to deal with. Not true. Yeah. We were super easy. We made it real clear. But also it's gotta be the actual real show. It shouldn't be some fake version of it where I'm sitting in a conference room. Oh, also they wanted a stenographer in the room. They wanted staff in the room. They wanted some, Trump was just in here by himself.


Yeah. Just me, him and Jamie. That's it for three hours. Like they wanted to do everything. They wanted it very controlled and they were really concerned that it wasn't gonna be edited. So I don't think they ever really were sure they wanted to do it. Yeah. Then once Trump did it and it had this huge response, I think then it was like, what the fuck, what are we doing? He just did it. It's got 50 fucking million views. This is so stupid. Why didn't we do it? So then there was, even then when they offered to do it in DC my manager asked, is she committed to doing this? When I bring, if I bring this to Joe? No, she hasn't committed to doing this. Have you brought this to her? Like they wouldn't even say whether or not she had expressed willingness to do it or whether they were trying to convince her to do it.


There was, we know for sure there were some people that were supposedly on her staff that were against her doing it. They thought it was a bad 'cause. You know, it's a bunch of sters. They're, they're basically in a cult. You, you have a distribute look if you're willing to go on Fox News, you talk to, what's that guy's name? Brett Brear. Yeah. Where They cut that off after 20 minutes. When they did that, that's when I was like, look, it's gotta be in the studio. It's gotta be in the studio and it's gotta be real. It's gotta be a real conversation. I had entertained a couple of times going to, but I was like, 45 minutes is just not enough. You know, you and I have been talking an hour and a half already. Yeah, yeah. It's just like, it's not enough time. You need more time. You need more time to find out what makes someone tick.


And that's, I I probably what she was afraid of, Probably what they were afraid of. Maybe not her. I think they should have been. I think we would've had a good old time. No, You're you're a good guy. I, I, I think we would've had fun. I think, I think it was a huge, huge mistake on her part. Let's be honest. Like it's the kind of thing that, it's reminiscent of the, forget the congressman that asked Mark Zuckerberg how, how Facebook makes money. It's just like they're so, you're so detached from the modern world. It's like you, you can spend millions of dollars on all your ad campaign, all across YouTube where You can just go sit in the room with Joe for three hours and I'll tell you which one's gonna do better for you lady. But she picked the ad campaigns on YouTube or Whatever. The problem is that I think that the people that saw it as an, they thought they were gonna win anyway apparently.


And the people that saw it as a negative thought, like there's been a few blunders where things didn't go well. But I think a lot of those blunders are, I was listening to this woman on the Tucker Carlson co show and she was talking about what Biden was like during the presidency. And one of the things that she said, I thought that was very interesting was that there's many people that worked with Biden that said there were moments in his first couple of years where he was very lucid and that he would be actually running the meetings and he had talking points on that were written down. But he was having these lucid conversations and then he would do these public things and he would have blunders. I think a lot of it is just the pressure of performing publicly under intense scrutiny.


Like if you have to do a live set, like say if you have to do Saturday Night Live or something like that and you're gonna do a monologue, the pressure of doing that monologue is so much different than the pressure of just going up at a local comedy club. Oh sure. It's insane. Insane. And I think that pressure, Joe Biden, as much as you know, I'm sure he has a high self opinion. Clearly when he is confronted by the reality that half the country hates him and thinks he's doing a terrible job and then he has to talk publicly live, then I think those cognitive problems were sort of elevated. That makes sense. I think that's the same with her. Okay. So I think that's the same with her when she's on Fox with Brett Breyer. I think it's hostile environments.


I think it's large crowds. I think it's a lot of things where you don't get to see the real person. So that was my goal. My goal was to try to meet the real person, just like I did with Trump. Just try to meet and talk with the real person. And my goal was what I really wanted to do. We, we talked about this quite a bit, me and my manager of doing it on the same day, and my manager, she agreed, she like, this would be the perfect way to set it up. Like we both agree, put 'em both out at the same time. You know, go watch 'em all, see what you think. That would be their ultimate way to do it. But they didn never, they never agreed to do it. So all this shit that's in that book that they never talked to us, just not true. Maybe it's someone's trying to preserve their job, maybe someone's trying to say, Hey, it wasn't my fault.


Maybe they, they became difficult. No, we didn't become difficult. And the other thing was like, they wanted to do it that Saturday, the day after Trump. And I said, I'll do it, but it has to be at 8:30 AM The reason why was I had a podcast already scheduled that was a live UFC podcast. So we do this thing called Fight Companion. So there was this title fight that was happening in, I think, was it Saudi Arabia or was it Dubai or Abu Dhabi? Some. It was somewhere in the Middle East I believe, if I remember correctly. See if you can find out what that was. Just so just we we're clear. I have friends. I flew in three of my buddies from California and we were all gonna do this podcast together. Like we had committed to doing this.


Like they were already in town. Like I can't just say no guys, I can't do this awesome thing because I have to interview Kamala Harris. No, I understand. Seems like I should to some people. But that's because you're in the politics business. I'm an MMA commentator. This is part of my job. And I said I would do it. I said I'll do it, but it has to be like eight 30 in the morning because I have to be done by the time the fight start. That's reasonable. Yeah, they didn't do that either. So this idea that I sabotaged her, there's a bunch of people that say, I, I fucked her over or whatever. Like, that's not true. So you can think whatever you want, but it was Abu Dhabi, so that was IA Topoya versus Max Holloway. So for UFC fans, just so, just so you know, for people listening that aren't UFC fans, that was a huge fight.


That was a gigantic fight. Max Holloway just beat Justin Gae, like literally the knockout of all time. And Ia Topoya is one of the absolute best fighters on planet earth, if not number one pound for pound, certainly number two. So, or number three, see he's in the, in the top five of the absolute best athletes in any weight class. So this was a clash of the titans, the greatest featherweight champion of all time versus the current featherweight champion. Damn. So I'm not gonna miss that. Yeah, I it is me. I, I understand, I I work around you. I said I would do it at night, I'll come back, I'll do it at midnight. I don't give a fuck. I'll do it. So it wasn't me fucking someone over.


And so just whoever's in charge of spreading that narrative, that's deceptive. Yeah. And she, she missed out, man. She could have sat in the same chair that Shane Gilli sat in, right? Yes. No, he in that one or it could have been a wreck, but it could have been a wreck with Trump too. You know, like there was, there was a moment where me and Trump were, I was saying, tell me how the 2020 election was stolen. Like, and I feel like if you're, for the last four years have been telling everybody that they robbed you, you should be able to tell people how, you know, they robbed you and you should be able to say it, articulate it Yeah. Yes. Clearly, Clearly, Clearly. You know, I don't, I don't, so I don't know what that's about.


I don't know if he has other people that tell him that. And he's, he compartmentalize. Like, look, you, hey, Rudy Giuliani, you deal with that? I got other shit to deal with. I'm gonna deal with this. You tell me they robbed me. I'm gonna say they robbed me. That Could be it. I don't know. I don't know. But so that could have gone sideways, but it didn't. Yeah. Well, it didn't, It goes back to that how you disagree with people think. Yeah. You know, you don't have to be an asshole about it. Right. Right. You should be able to communicate with people in a way that's just about what you're talking about. It's not a, it's a shitty tactic to try to break a person down as a human being, because you want to enforce your argument or say their argument sucks because they suck as a human being too. Yeah. Like, come on, we're, we're big grownups here.


Yeah. We can just talk about the actual ideas. Yeah. I mean, we actually get to where we're trying to get to, right? Yeah. We're trying to figure out the other side of this. So, seems, seems kind of cut and dry, but a lot of people miss that. The egos are ego's a powerful fucking thing, man. It, It really is. And it, I mean, I'm glad we took that little side trip because I had to explain that. Oh fuck. Yeah. But, but the, the thing is that that little monster rears its ugly head in everything. It doesn't just rear its ugly head in politics. It rears its ugly head in archeology, in religion, in culture, in everything we do. Yeah. It just, it's, a lot of it is, I have said this for so long, I don't want to ever say I was wrong and I won't.


I will somehow or another derail any arguments against me. I will call those people racist. I will call those people. Say, I was watching one of your videos where there's this person who listened to what Flint Dibel said about Graham Hancock and Atlantis and connecting Atlantis to white supremacy. And she made the most distorted statement that saying that people of color were not capable. That this is the argument of the people that support Atlantis, people of color were not capable of that sort of civilization. Which literally no one is ever said. 'cause everybody, especially the people that believe that that area of Sub-Saharan Africa, the Rahar Reha, Yeah.


Rahar, how do you say it? I think, I think it's Rahar Rahar structure that that is, that that is Egypt, or that is rather Atlantis that is literally in Africa. So who the fuck do you think built it? Like if you're talking about the pyramids, no one is saying Europeans came to Africa and built the pyramids. The Africans built the pyramids. So it, none of this white supremacy thing makes any sense. 'cause all these people are saying was I think that this city in Africa was Atlantis, I think. Which, well, That's Why if you gotta find an ancient civilization that is super advanced, wouldn't you think maybe it would be in an area around where there's fucking for sure ancient advanced civilizations that made pyramids?


Yeah. I mean, it's kind of a no-brainer thing. It's Kind of a no-brainer What they, what they do, they, this is where Flint is especially insidious. You know, I got a, I got along well with Flint and a bunch of other archeologists for a long time, but I made a video that went into the details of how Ignatius Donnelley was not the guy who founded modern day Atlantis Hunting. And he, he did believe in some kind of Arian first things. And it was, he didn't, he believed that other races weren't capable of, of innovating. And he Yeah, But that's just one douche bag. He was popular. But the thing is, is people that came before they tried to make it out, like on The origins, And the guys that came before him both believed the Maya were the, the founding.


One of 'em believed the Maya fucking whooped the ass All the way over into Indian shit. He believed that the Maya were the Egyptians. What? Yeah. Augustus Le Lenon is the one that believed the Maya whooped ass all over the world. And the other one was, Were the Maya supposedly seafaring? No, this is, this is his, this just A wacky idea. These, Well, Charles a de Debo, these are the two guys that they, they were the first ones to find like that chomo statue with the weird and the heart and the plate. Oh Yeah. It looks, looks Egyptian. They were the ones that started seeing, they're the first ones to see the similarities between these things. And so they believed that, You know, ancient Egypt is this technologically superior place.


And here we've seen the same thing here with similar iconography. So I made a video explaining that this is the SAA, that the letter that the Society for American Archeology wrote to Netflix to call Graham Hancock a racist, basically not call him a racist. Fuck you guys is, it was wrong. There was erroneous, it contained false information. And I pointed that out and eventually Flint's addressed it at his argument was, well, it doesn't really matter. It's not a big deal. We use the word comet and, and, and Graham talks about a comet. And these, this other guy didn't. And, and it doesn't really matter because so many white supremacists believe this shit anyway. And it was just like, at that point, I, I was kind of like, okay, this isn't science anymore.


And then I watched him do that waffle and bullshit here where he did it with great. When you were pushing him on it. And he's like, no, I didn't say that. Well, yeah, I said that. Well, no, I didn't say it. I was just like, all right dude. No, I'm, I'm gonna drag you for this. There's too many people that are used to being in a position of authority where they're never questioned like that. Hmm. And they can say that in front of a class, or they can say that in front of colleagues and nobody pushes back. And then there's also this problem with leftist ideology where if someone, if there is some sort of a history at any point in time of white supremacy, like that Ignatius Donnelly guy, like you have to connect even everything attached to the theories of this advanced city.


This the advanced law civilization. You have to attach it to white supremacy, or you are a racist. Yep. Or you are enabling, or you're a dog whistling, which is my favorite dog whistling is my, You know, just, it's, yeah. Insane. Oh, you're racist. You're Racist. God go a lynching. It's just, it's so dumb because listen, if you have a place like Egypt that's way crazier than Atlantis, you already have a place that's fucking insane. Yes. That's way crazier. Because whatever Atlantis had, it didn't survive. Whatever that Yeah. If that reish art structure, if that's really where it is, And it was impacted by the great flood by the end of the younger dryas, the impact theory, the, the water from All the polar caps rushes through and destroys everything.


And giant tsunamis everywhere because the global cataclysm. Okay, it's, well, it wasn't as good because if that's the pyramids are still standing so that all that shit happened at the same time. The pyramids too. Yeah. So that what you are saying, if you really believe all that is that the pyramids were way more advanced than Atlantis. And believing Atlantis is crazy. Yeah. Help me out. Yeah. And It's white supremacy, even though it's in the same part of the fucking world, It's, it help me out. Yeah. It's always, always cir basically, no matter what, they're always gonna find a way to not just dismiss, dismiss it. They're gonna poo poo it. Yeah. They're gonna turn la That, that, that's not enough. That's not an underwater mug.


That doesn't look like a tool to me. Yeah. It's, it's just this, this poo poo attitude that really, it, it's, it, it does them a huge disservice because ultimately the most interested amateurs on the planet would be us pyramid idiots. Guys that are into that kind of goofy shit we're the most interested. Just like Carl Sagan knew his audience. The most interested people in space were the UFO crowd. The most interested people in archeology are not archeology students. That's their nine to five. I'm the one that's reading the shit at two o'clock in the morning with the beer in my hand. I I love this shit, but I don't want to, you're gonna bore me. If you talk about stratigraphy, we're gonna want a story.


We're gonna want, You're gonna want something to excite you to Be a mystery. Yeah. To dig into it. So when they literally deliberately piss on the mystery, it's just like, oh, there's no, there's nothing to see here. Nothing to see here. Nothing to see here. Nothing to let me tell you about stratigraphy. Nothing to see here. That's why I talk about Carl Sagan All the time. He might have laughed in their face even with chocolate, but he never tell em nothing to see here. Well, You know why Carl Sagan smoked a lot of weed. He did. He smoked a lot of weed. That's very uncomfortable for a lot of people that don't like weed. Oh. Makes you lazy. Nope. You were already lazy. Yeah. Weed Just got there while you were lazy. It has nothing to do with weed. Stop it. You know, It's true. I, I get what you're saying. It's a lot of people like to blame things for blame, say that drugs are all just bad.


But I forget the dude's name that like was the guy that discerned the dna NA like the human DA Francis Crick. Yeah. Fucking And Kerry Malis Did it Well on LSD. Yeah. Like crack the code on LSD or whatever. I mean, that shit's, You know, it's, it's part of our brains, man. It's there. And as a tribe, I think there's some controversy about the Francis Crick thing though, right? Isn't there a controversy about whether Francis Crick was on, I'm pretty sure Kerry Mullis was open when he was talking about the PCR method, that he devised that when he was on acid, which is wild. Also, also, he was a huge critic of using that stuff for detecting diseases. He's like, this is so fucking stupid.


Like, you don't know. Like he was so angry then. Have you ever seen that video where he is angry about Anthony Fauci saying he does not know what he's doing. He's not a scientist. He's a bureaucrat. See if You can find that video. 'cause it's fascinating. 'cause he's literally talking about, this is pre covid, by the way. Okay. He's, because he died like right, or right before Covid happened. But he was talking about how PCR should never be used to detect diseases. 'cause you could find these tiny fragments of a disease, but it doesn't even mean that someone's infected, especially when you're ramping it up to X amount of cycles. Like they had so many cycles. You had so many false positives that maybe someone had encountered this thing at one point in time, but it was dormant in their body and dead. But yet you're still, you, you are, you're looking at such minute particles that you can't use it to detect whether or not someone's sick.


And that's what we're using during the pandemic to detect whether or not, so you got so many false positives. You know, some estimates were higher than 50% false positives. That's insane. Insane. That's, see, you find Kerry Mullis on Anthony Fauci. He's like sitting at a desk at his, his kitchen table, or he is sitting at his kitchen table with a, a guy he is talking to and he's just breaking down the difference between the actual science. Have you found it? It's Only a preview of the video on I know it's available. I've seen, I I, I'm just, look, I'm, you're timing. It's, I'm stuck in that Question. No, I understand. Preview Site and I've gotta find another one. I just, I I, I'm finding it. Okay. You'll find it.


I'm sure. So I gotta double check and make sure, see if this is not what you wanted, But that's, that's it right there. A second one down. It's 10 seconds. It's, Oh, really? This is Russia. I'm not going there. It says Russia, Yex. Oh, you're gonna get fucking virus. Instant days. There it is. Change your computer to Russian script first on Instagram. Yeah, I think that's it. So this is, Kerry Mills won a Nobel Prize for his PCR technique while employing employed by Emeryville biotech firm about The humanity that, that, that, that wants to go to All the details and stuff and listen, you know, these guys like Fauci get up there and start talking. You know, he doesn't know anything really about anything.


And I'd say that to his face. Nothing. The man thinks you can take a blood sample and stick it in an electron microscope. And if it's got a virus in there, you'll know it. He doesn't understand electron microscopy and he doesn't understand medicine and he doesn't, he should not be in a position like he's in. Most of those guys up there on the top are just total administrative people and they don't know anything about what's going on on the bottom. You know, those guys have got an agenda, which is not what we would like them to have being that we pay for them to take care of our health in some way. They've got a personal kind of agenda. They make up their own rules as they go. They change 'em when they want to. And they smugly, like Tony Fauci does not mind going on television in front of the people to pay his salary and lie directly into the camera.


You can't expect the sheep, what is It? Yeah. So this was pre pandemic. Yeah. 96 it says. Yeah. That's brutal. Yeah. So he's, what he's talking about, I, I think back then was also the AIDS crisis, which the, that's a whole nother ball of wax. And if you want to get into that at another time, folks, just please go read Bobby Kennedy's book, the Real Anthony Fauci. It's incredible. But, so this is another thing. This is more gatekeeping. It's the same kind of thing. This may be in a different way, maybe not to protect the ego, but to protect money. Yeah. One of the things with Covid that always, always tickles me on that is the way that they threw the, I feel, to me, I feel like they threw the red herring of a mask at us.


I feel like the, I feel like the mask was a, a bullfighters cape. I feel like you've Only got so many hours in a day. You gotta pick your battles and you've got the mask is an easy symbol. It's, it's, everybody can complain about it because it affects everybody. It's an easy touchstone. You can see it. You can, it's it's, but while you, everybody's fighting that it really is effectively, you just have to fucking wear a hat for a few months or a few years. They're closing down our stores and taking the kid that's, he's, I got two more years of wrestling. Yeah. Fuck you. You, you're not gonna make state. Fuck you. Yeah. You just lost. That's the people, that's the stuff that was getting lost. The masks. I, I'll wear fucking masks over my face today if it'll bring back white elephant shit.


There's also no logical explanation. If the, if the vaccine worked, give it to the people that are vulnerable. Let everybody else live their life that makes the most sense. But they couldn't do that. They had to pretend that the other people were vulnerable. They had to pretend the children were dying of it. They talked about it All the time. No healthy children died of it. It's not true. They tried to pretend that it was very, really dangerous for young people. It wasn't unless they were already really sick. What it exposed in this country is that there are a lot of people that are completely full of shit that are in charge of telling us what the truth is. And that also we're really vulnerable in terms of our health. Our health is very vulnerable. Our economy's very vulnerable. We can't just shut the country down for a year and a half. It doesn't work like that. We're vulnerable.


It destroyed a lot of businesses. Destroyed people's lives. Caused so many people to become drug addicts. So many people to commit suicide. But there's a loss of life and a loss of hope. And who knows what it's gonna do to these young children that had to wear masks when they're in preschool. Who knows what the fuck that does to you. Yeah. Learning how to talk with a mask on. You're not reading mouths and lips and you're not getting a full fe facial feature to read off like children need for their development. We found out that there's a lot of people that just aren't telling you the fucking truth. And the crazy thing is they were doing it in the age of the internet because they had been used to doing it for so long. They had, they didn't develop the thing that people have now, like now, like, especially like someone like you or I who does stuff on YouTube, you know that if you say something and it's not true, you gotta go back and say, Hey, this is what I thought.


This is why I thought it, but now I know that this isn't true. 'cause if you don't do that, no one's ever going to fucking trust you Again. Anthony Fauci in the beginning of the pandemic, like, don't wear a mask. It doesn't do anything. It's just, if anything, it's, you're gonna smuts with it. And then later he is saying, wear a mask. I wear two, I wear two masks. Like, what the fuck are we have video, man, this is, this is a different time. This is in 1986. You can't just go and tell us some shit. And we don't know whether or not you said something completely contrary to that just a month ago. Yep. I think that might be part of why Kamala was so worried about the unedited thing. You know, the, when Hillary fainted a few election cycles ago, that video would've never made the news in the nineties.


They just got bought. Right, right. But it fucking, before they hit, nobody knew it existed before it was posted. It was just like the dude and bam. And now the internet has it and it's too fucking late. So I think the real thing that did her in was call me. Oh yeah. I think the investigation into the emails, I think that like in the middle of the, that Was brutal. That was crazy. But, But, but what I'm getting at is that I think that that's, especially for an older politician, somebody like Biden, he, how many decades of his life was he able to buy any video footage that was gonna cause him any problems? He just fucking squashed that two or three. And now it's like they nothing.


Dude, you slip and fall. You going viral, buddy. Yeah. And the damn thing you can do about it Also, who's letting him walk up that fucking stare without having a catcher behind? Oh, come On. I would've some giant dudes, some big old fucking lineman. Because if he's going down the stairs and you got slippery shoes on, that's a fucking precarious catch. Yeah. And you know, you got 180 pound man who stumbles and he falls backwards like, yay, yo, this is, that's the fucking president. Don't just let him walk up that thing on his own with slippery shoes on. He, after he fell the third time, why did they let him keep doing that? I think maybe it was some of Gerald Ford's family was hoping he'd break the record. Next. People don't Know giving away our age here, Gerald, The old Ford stuff.


Boy, that's old. Next you gotta do a Nixon impression. Oh God damn. Yeah. I'm not a crook. Yeah. It's, it's All, the whole thing was very eyeopening, I think. And I think that also led to Trump, you know, destroying in the election. That's, That's probably has a lot to do with it. I, I, I mentioned before, like, they closed that wide elephant store, but like, they closed so many bars in the town. Like, I was thrilled that, that my, my favorite bar moosey's is still around, but I wa it had a closed sign on it when apparently like the plumbing above it leaked. And I thought they were gone too. 'cause it was closed down for them to fix that in the middle of Covid. And it was just like, God damn it.


It's like we lost so many things in that town that were just little mom and pop outfits. Yeah. And just comes in and gets replaced with like, Target. Yeah. And, and like you come to a city like this and you still got little shops that do well, little cafes and whatnot. But I live out in, in the, I live in a city, but around, it's a bunch of farm, farm country. And there's like the places in Davenport that had these great milkshakes. You can't fucking go there no more. They're closed. Yeah, they're gone. And it's a bunch of places. Like they've been around for generations And it didn't have to happen that way. No. And if you want to be real cynical, the people that are the real progressive leftists that you should be cynical about that because it was the biggest transfer of wealth in the history of the United States.


The lower class, lower and middle class loss, $3.9 billion or trillion. Was it trillion was the transfer? It might have been trillion. I think it was like $3.9 trillion over the, over the course of the pandemic. And then that money was transferred to the, the wealthiest people gained that money. How, what happened? Stocks, mutual funds. What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what magic are you doing? You basically stole money. Like something happened and through your policies, you enabled the wealthiest people to get way wealthier and the poorer people to get way poorer. Yeah. It's like 3.9 trillion. Is that correct? One point I don't, looking At the transfer of wealth.


I know I'm looking at an article from 2022. I didn't see anything newer. Yeah, it's a newer one. They, they, they were talking about it really recently. They were talking about it, it like mirrors. Exactly. 1 trillion something in there. 2 trillion. I see. Mm. What year is that? 5.2 trillion. There You go. No, I'd say expected pass. I don't know. I'm Seeing either way. Let's just, let's be conservative and say it's 3 trillion. That's a crazy amount of money that gets transferred. And no one is like freaked out that this was by policies. And this is by keeping everybody's business shut down. You can basically just take over. 'cause people still need to buy stuff. And then these big companies that people have stock in, they, the stock goes way up and then everybody gets wealthier. This is kind of nuts.


Well, the, the progressives aren't outraged. That, and this idea that it was protecting your health, but how are you sure? Did you look at the data? 'cause it doesn't seem like it was Over several decades. This says it was 50 trillion. Jesus. This was from during the pandemic though. Jesus. That's Insane. 50 trillion from the bottom. 90%. And that's made the US less secure. Yeah. For fucking, for sure it does. But the problem is yachts aren't cheap, bro. No, no, they're not. I'm not looking at 'em yet. But maybe next week You wanna put in an order for one of them supersonic jets. You gotta have some chatter. Might time to take over a small country or Two. Yeah. Or two. Yeah. It's, it, it's, it's pretty wild. The the things that were lost during covid were, in my mind, one of the biggest things was the trust in the scientific community.


That they're being honest. And I, I, again, I like science. I like science a lot. And I don't, I think that just like most activists and most anything, like when you look online and you see a transgender person is making a complete ass of themselves, that's generally speaking not indicative of the way transgender people are even on the fucking internet, man. Otherwise you wouldn't be seeing that person. Right. Right. But with everything, with everything with Cops, with teachers, With and with. You see some crazy teachers saying nutty things in front of the class. Yeah. That's a small percentage. A tiny Yeah. It's a problem. It's a problem. But it's not all teachers. No, but when, but when it's science, the the deal is, is that science fact checks itself. Like these guys all throw rocks at each other.


They write a paper and other guys are trying, trying to rip it apart and prove them wrong. Right. And okay, so in that environment, it requires an acceptance for this kind of shit to fly for, for them to be able to repeatedly lie in peer review journals requires their peers to not review the fucking papers. That's really the only, only way that can happen. And that happens so much. Like it's, it, it's still the medical, the Clove is first thing, the Clovis first thing, which was another thing that Flint pushed back against. And, but obviously there's a lot of receipts. Like that guy almost lost his career was shunned by science and he was Right. Yeah.


And our mainstream archeologists tore that guy apart with personal attacks. They tried to destroy his reputation, destroy his career. Because they didn't want be proven wrong. They tried. Tom Dhe was the guy who Explain the whole thing to people so that They don't know it. Absolutely. Clovis first is the theory that the first people in the first people in the Americas came over the bearing land bridge like 14, 15,000 years ago. And they were used the Clovis points. And this was the first American humans. Before that, there was no people here. Now they started finding sites that were 30,000 years old, 25,000 years old. And they started fucking with that narrative. And archeologists were, for the most part, pushing heavily against it. There were a few scientists that would make the fines and that they would fight for them.


Now one, eventually it's been overturned. Now that Clovis first is not the narrative anymore. And they're not really sure exactly who got here first. They know the Berry and Land Bridge was part of it, but they also think there was some people from the, probably from the Ocean and South America. And who knows for sure it's up in the air. They're not so certain anymore. But the Clovis first debate, it was so bad that the guy that won it, basically a site in Chile called Monte Verde, was the site that eventually he had a bunch of people there. They looked at the site and when they left, they were convinced that that, and that was the end of the debate. All intents and purposes, there's still a few holdouts. How old was Monte Verde estimated to be?


30,000 years. I think. 27,000. I right in there. The guy that discovered that side and was excavating it, Tom Dhe was living in Chile under the time that Pinoche was in charge of Chile. One of his colleagues, and there's video of this, I use this clip frequently. One of his colleagues called the state newspaper and said, Monte Verde is a CIA planted site in order to get him down into Chile. His wife and kids are there. They fucking threatened his life over. This is, this is the archeologist version of swatting. Whoa. Yeah. I should, you know, the video's all over the place. I I use this clip frequently. He, he, they basically threatened his life straight up.


He got letters to people saying that he wasn't a real scientist. That he did not. Is this DHE explaining this in the video? Yeah. Tom Dhe explaining this. If Jamie could find it, what would the vi video Be between? If you have to go on Google Tom Dle hay interview will probably do it. D-I-L-L-E-H-A-Y. Sorry. I should have, I should've had that one pegged 'cause I just No worries. I use this clip, I probably use it 10 times. Not one of those. Maybe put archeology with it 'cause he's talking to another archeologist. Dang it.


Sorry. I'll find it Challenging. Clovis first Here. Will Archeologists threaten archeologists threaten one of their own over Clovis first? Is that it? No, It's, it's on a, yeah, there's me that yeah, that one actually has equipped Okay, play that. Go ahead. Yeah, that has it. Archeologist. Tom Dhe was instrumental in overturning Clovis first with his excavations at Monte Verde. But this caused him to have his life threatened by his own colleagues. His excavations were done in Chile during the rain of the ruthless dictator penis shape. Clovis first was hotly debated amongst archeologists at the time, and one of them decided to use pinoche as a means to silence. Tom Moved down to Chile during the dictatorship years as of Pinoche.


So I was opening up anthropology department. So politically it was difficult at that time. And another colleague who sent a letter to the newspaper in Chile, one of the major newspapers saying that a monthly bear was creation of the CIA to plant me down there. And, you know, that puts you and your family in a dangerous situation in a country like that at that time. Seems to me like the archeologist version of swatting someone. There's this small minority of people who would do anything in, in their power to defend their paradigm. Yeah. That's it. That's fucking wild. That's crazy. That is. That's over. What if that Guy got murdered? Would they be happy?


Would if they took him and, and publicly executed him? 'cause they said he was a CIA spy. I'd Like to say no, but I mean, would They be happy that's such a psychotic thing to do to someone just because, but you know, these people, like everything that they identify as is the expert in this particular field. And they'll try to pretend Flint tried to pretend that that was no big deal. That was a one off, You know, scientific debates happen and a lot of guys will say, oh yeah, that, that, that Clovis first it was bad, but we don't usually do that. Dude, before Clovis first, there was the Folsom first debate, the idea that the Folsom people were the first ones here. And if you found anything older than I think 7,000 years or 3000 years, whatever it was, that anything older than the Folsom culture thing, it was bullshit.


And you couldn't have a feel it, you could, it's on Wikipedia still. You could read about, there's a couple of guys that basically formed a guard and didn't let anything get passed that point until eventually the Clovis first thing. It's, it's not the first time. This is standard operating procedure created paradigm. Defend it with life and death. There's a guy named Max Plank. He was a Nobel Prize winning physicist. And he has plank's principle, it's known as, and it is, science does not progress One discovery at a time. It progresses one funeral at a time. Ooh. And this is a Nobel Prize Wist physicist that said that. Not Graham Hancock. So i's fucking pretty hefty to think about that.


That's just people are people, man. Yeah. Put us on the moon. You're gonna have people on the moon. Same fucking problems. Same fucking problems. People on Mars. Someone's gonna make a sex cult on Mars. It'll be be Great. First people will be like, look, I'm the fucking king of Mars, bitch. I'm running it now. That's, that's, it's just humans and unfortunately, even humans that are attached to what we think of as these ego list pursuits like science. Yeah. That's the ego fucks up even science. But that's Where, that's where I, it does frustrate me because if you take that job, it's like, okay, anytime. If me and you get in a fight, it's gonna be, You know, it's as aggressive and you like, you get worked up and you get emotional.


But if you're become a cop, I expect you to fucking know that and roll that shit back. Right. I ex And it's the same thing with the scientist. I expect you to recognize that and roll that shit Back. Yeah. Roll that shit back. That's your job, job, job is to tell us what the truth is. And if you lie, it doesn't mean that all that truth that you told in the past is now accurate. It just means you suck. That's all it means. Yeah. So if you're a really good scientist, you say, this is what we thought. This is what we know now. And this is really amazing. And so I was wrong. All these books that I wrote, stop buying 'em folks. I'm gonna have to write a new book. They don't ever wanna say that. No. They never wanna think that those lectures that they taught, that those were inaccurate and that their whole life, they, they would be a mockery.


They really would. Because those scientists are fucking vicious. They're so vicious after each other. They attack each other because they all want to be the fucking smartest guy in the room. And when anybody, oh, Mike Mike's a fucking moron. Mike thinks it, you heard him talk about Fauci the way Kerry malls talked about. That's how they talk about each other. That's, that's exactly, he's, he doesn't know anything. I'd say it right To his face. It's just natural human aggression that's transferred into this field that we think of purely academic. And quite frequently these people are, like I was said earlier, a little emotionally off, a little socially weird and Sure. Bullied. Bullied their whole life. Now all of a sudden they get to be the bully, which is one of the things that does happen. It's the revenge of the nerds. It really is.


It is. You're right. That's what revenge of the nerds is. It is. It's like finally we get our turn to be mean, didn't it? We not learn anything. This is how wars get started. People, this is how people wind up killing people because you other, the other, By the way, when I drew the parallel about us fighting, I don't want a picture of me next to Shane Gilli. So Thank you very much. I'm good. Don't, don't need that. The whole idea of the truth is what we all should be pursuing. And it's just really unfortunate that people are attached to these things that they've said for so long, so much that they're, they're willing to go out of their way to prove someone inaccurate when they are accurate. And the Clovis first thing is one of the better examples of that.


And, and now that there's irrefutable evidence like the fe the footprints that they found in New Mexico Yeah. That have seeds in them that are 22 plus thousand years old White Sands. Yes. Yeah. Well, okay. It's out the window now. We don't, you don't know. How about now? We don't know. We don't know how people got here. We don't know how long they've been here. You Know, quit trying to find a clear answer and like, keep investigating. Right. Especially when we know South America had life had all these humans living in South America. Like what, why wouldn't they move up to North America? Like why would that be weird? Like, what's the oldest known people in South America? What's the oldest? I'm not sure. I'm not, to be honest with you. I'm not sure The whole Amazon thing's. Gotta throw that. Yeah.


A big old monkey wrench into that. Well, They recently, you, you know who Thor hare? It all was the guy that did like the contiki voyage to prove that you could cross the ocean in a raft and all that shit. Right. Okay. Yeah. He's an archeologist. And now he pointed out that on Easter Island, that the, the, the platform that the biggest oldest whatever, moai or whatever they're called, that platform, the polygonal masonry re strongly resembled what he saw in Peru to the point where he hypothesized that these were connected. And this was just mocked by archeologists for the longest time. Now, not only do they have genetic evidence in the form of human DNA with a solid genetic drift from South America heading out into Polynesia as well, but Easter Island has breadfruit, has ginger and a couple of sweet potato.


It's got food from both Asia and South America, and the oldest habited layers that they've found. So like, they've very really the old, and that's scientifically And What is the oldest habited layers? It's like, I wanna say like 1200 or 1800 years ago. It's not real, real old, but it's old enough that, like the oldest place that they've excavated and found that the first people, it looks like the first people that showed up there came there from Asia and South America already. They've been connected to both. What Was the evidence of cocaine and mummies? Was that bullshit? I'm Not sure about that. I've, I've, it's one of the things that every time I look into it, I, the data's kind of thread bear and a, as a skeptical guy and a guy who's had a, his share of time in bars and bathrooms.


I did have had a strong, much stronger feeling that there was some anthropologist in the seventies was just doing a fucking bump. I'm sorry. That's way, smoking a cigarette and doing a bump on the sarcophagus is way more likely than not just to me. But I, I could be wrong. Yeah. And if you're doing coke, you might well put a little coke on the mummy. I'm gonna do a coke off this fucking girls. Yeah. Do a bump off this company. Smoke outta your mind And you're doing archeology and it's the seventies. Oh fuck. And no one, no one is like looking over your shoulder. Yeah. You're A wild fucking Indiana Jones type cokehead. Fuck. There's already people with their, with their a ai fucking workout trying to make this Happen. Oh, for sure.


What was the evidence? See if You can find what the evidence for cocaine in Egyptian mummies was. Is there a Guy, a Russian scientist that said he found some in 2 19 92 nineties? Look, I found Coke. He's Like, he's doing blow. He's doing blow. They bust him. I found cocaine. It was in the mummy. I don't know. Yeah, Definitely not my cocaine. Cocaine hashish and nicotine in the hair of het T Oh well, Cocaine. Nicotine, okay. German toxicologist Anova discovered traces of cocaine, hashish and nicotine on Hannu toy.


How do you say that? Hannu toys, how do you say his name? Hannu Twi Twi TA's hair, I don't know. As well as in the hair of several other memories of the museum, which is significant and that the only source for cocaine and nicotine had at that time been considered to be the cocoa and tobacco plants native to Amer the Americas. And were not thought to have been present in Africa until after Columbus voyage to the Americas. The result was interpreted by theorists and supporters of contacts between pre-Columbian people and ancient Egyptians as a proof for their claims. The findings are controversial because while other researchers have also detected the presence of cocaine and nicotine and Egyptian mummies, two successive analysis of the other groups of Egyptian mummies and human remains failed to fully reproduced Bala Bon Nova's results.


And some showing positive results only for nicotine. But even that is interesting, right? Well, Yeah. And then the, the next line actually basically says what I just did after these experiments, even assuming that cocaine was actually found on the mummies, it is possible that this could be contamination which Occurred. Yeah, it says that. It says even assuming that cocaine, which actually found in the mummies could be po contamination, which occurred after discovery of the mummies. The same argument could be applied to nicotine. But in addition, various plants other than tobacco are a source of nicotine. And two of these with thia, some nera and Agra lens, sorry, we're known to be used by the ancient Egyptians.


Okay. So they did have some sort of nicotine plant That was nine two 2007 researchers in Peru may have also found some Ooh and ink and mummies. But ink and mummies are, that's, that's There. Yeah. But they, That's where cocaine is. If it was actual cocaine, that would be crazy. If it was like, if it was not just coca plant, but actual like process A little baggy for the future For Your travels, Chamal, please come back. You got a little vile. A little vile. They tucked away with him in his, in his grave. We've done everything we could to get them aliens back. We're gonna process some of that shit. Come on boys. It would be fascinating if we actually could prove that somehow or another people from South America had made their way to Egypt and back and forth.


And another interesting argument for that was always the old mix. Like what they look Polynesian or African, they don't necessarily look like they're from South America. Yeah. And there's a, there's a lot of the, the arguments that were made by those guys I brought up earlier that were back in the 1860s. They, they were, one of them was big into linguists and linguistics and he made all these language models and stuff as to why that Maya was the first or proto language that was all these other ones were built on. The other dude was really into iconography. I'm sure you've seen some of the symbols that like you see around the world. Like the, that girl that's sitting on the, the lions and the master of beast symbols.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Things like that that, you know, it's, it's not, these aren't, You did tell me to pull that up. Oh, Sorry. Yeah. I look up master of beasts, like, I guess, sorry. You gonna find some cartoon? Yeah. I Stumbled across some that says that, that I did more testing that says that there might have been cocaine in up to eight bodies. Ooh, whoa. I did multiple testing. Yeah. If you're living in Egypt, you're gonna get some coke if you've got that kind of cheddar, you know what I mean? If you've got like gold headdresses and what's the ultimate thing to have coke? You know, clearly, clearly. I mean you're trying to get more women's, right. If you've Got some guy who's coming over from South America, he's bringing coke with, As they did in the wake of controversy. They used radio immuno gas chromatography and master spectrometry and all of those Oh nice.


Got the same results. All bone, soft tissue and hair contain traces of the drug ruling out possibility of external Contamination. Oh, okay. So they did have cocaine. Okay. Yeah. There we go. Well There You go. Now you got some weird shit that still dunno If it's accurate though. I look into this 'cause let's Just slam the book and say it's accurate. Jamie sake of argue. Master of beast. Yeah. Master, master of beast. Yeah. Of beast. If you look up like, like ancient symbol or hopeful, hopefully that'll bring it up. I forget, is That Heman something like Master of universe. I have the power. God damn. We're getting old today with the references. Sorry young guys. Yeah, we are. Sorry. Gerald Ford and Heman. That's it.


Yeah, that's it. So that exists all over the world. Yeah. That, that type of iconography of, of usually a woman, but sometimes a man All the way back into like Karara, Hayek, Turkey, like one of those gole pepe type of sites has, has this symbol and that type of symbol. You let Look at that master of animals one, the Wikipedia one in the middle, say master the, the gray one. Yeah. Right there where your cursor just was Jamie. No, the one where your cursor was Sorry, above that. That's cool too. But above that, that one, what's that one from? I don't know. Wild. I know. It is crazy because It looks like it's got two monsters next to her.


That image that we were just looking on. They're All from this. There we go. There it is. There it is right there. Like what the fuck is that? What are those things next to her? They look like some kind of lion lizard hybrid. But look, they have like dragon D lizard tongues. Snake. Yeah. It's tough to say. I mean obviously not a snake. A tail and wings. Yeah. They have wings. Like what the fuck is that and why does that exist all over the world? That's, that's really where like, it's an interesting thing that when you see that kind of iconography, it's not the argument of, well, a nail looks like a nail anywhere because you invented a nail that falls apart because you're, you're, you're, this is just symbols. Right? This is just symbolism.


So that will imply some contact. Right. Right. Why do we And it shows up way long Ago. Yeah. And why Yeah. How is that getting all around the world? Clearly people are bringing it now. See that's, there's one place just because I don't necessarily ascribe to lost technology or ancient high technology, I don't get me wrong when it comes to like lost civilization, I'm very much of the opinion that there was a civilization from before 12,000 years ago that got wiped out by some sort of cataclysm. I don't think that it was, I don't think that they had like real high technology, but it wouldn't have taken much technology for them to appear better than their contemporaries.


If Jesse, And we see evidence for that today too, which is a really good point. People say how is it possible that the rest of the world could have been so far behind? Well, they were okay. Yeah. First of all, with the Egyptians, they definitely were exactly, definitely like proven everybody else was way far behind them. But even today, my friend Paul Rosalie, he lives in the Amazon and he's like, he protects rainforest and hires these people that used to be loggers to now protect the rainforest. And amazing guy he just filmed the other day, an uncontacted tribe just the other day. Wow. There's uncontacted tribes all throughout there. They, they, they're completely naked and they're living a subsistence lifestyle in the Amazon forest. Who knows what their fucking language is.


Yeah. Who knows what their culture is about, who knows what. But this is a, they a completely uncontacted tribe that exist today along with us with AI on our smartphones. Yeah, exactly. Same time period. Right. So the idea that this couldn't exist at other parts of the world in the past. No. Yeah, it fucking for sure could by the way it fucking did in the 18 hundreds when settlers were making their way across the United States. Dude, the sun never sits on the British empire, was because Europe was hop skipping a jump ahead of the rest of the world when it came to sailing and conquering people. And that's, I mean, you can argue about whether that's good or bad or whatever, but, But it just existed.


It, it existed. We're talking about the abilities. It's they were be they were better at it. And in the United States, it's the best example. And, And what, what was going on when settlers came from Europe and making their way across the country, they were encountering stone age tribes. Yeah. Effectively. Yes. A hundred percent stone age. They were using stone tools. Yeah. They were using flint arrowheads. There was a couple of people that had copper, but they weren't being, they weren't making weapons by and large from it. Right. They were making like jewelry and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty crazy. It's, it's pretty crazy. But it's just a natural function of how human beings adapt to their environment. And it seems that the Nile Valley in Egypt was an abundant rich environment that had so much resources.


It allowed those people to stay there and thrive for thousands of years. And if you think of the area being a green Sahara and then it slowly gets smaller, that Nile Delta would explain that concentration of people and ideas and, and stuff. 'cause you've got what was once spread out across a large area being all shoved together. Yeah. And making it almost a proto city type of thing or whatever. Yeah. I'm of the opinion that the, whatever the law civilization was, I'm of the opinion that they were really good at seafaring, which made that they were really good at astronomy. And I have to myself, I think that like the handbag symbol, I think that that's a symbol of their, like their ability to, I I think like that it is a symbol for a day.


Like we were talking about before on that pillar go backley tepid, that there's three of those handbags. And he says each one is, it's actually a sunrise. It's a Why why is the handbag of sunrise? It's a, it's a, the ground and it's a sun. It's not an actual handbag. It's a, it's a ground. And could you look up, go back like Tepe pillar 43. Sorry Jamie. Thank you. The, in that case it looks less like a handbag because there's nobody holding it. But, and in this case, Dr. Martin Sweatman iss done the work and looks like it's three different days. He has it symbolized at. So going with that, you see that's three handbags there.


Each one with an animal next to it. He believes that that's denoting the, So not a handbag, but the arc of the sun over the earth. Yes. So when somebody's holding one of those, I think that it's a symbol for a knowledge of astro of astronomy that most people don't have. Ah, the kind of knowledge. So I, so the astronomers or the people holding the handbags, that's what I think. They're the ones who could explain to you the cycles of time. And they're the ones that were capable of seafarers. They were the ones that when they would show up, they would have the, the same teamwork, the same ability to work with ropes and all that shit they could use to move megas the same mathematics that, or extension of it. They, it's the kind of thing that would, would be easier for them to move a big rock with a team of guys that have worked together working on boats than it would be for them to move a big rock with a team of people who had never done anything like that before.


And that would also explain why a lot of times these are lined up with stars and shit like that. 'cause astronomy we very important to 'em. So that's, I I do think that there was a lot of civilization. I mean think even simple shit like the bow and arrow. In all honesty, if you think about how complicated that would be to effectively create All the way, it's like it's easy for a dude to figure out the tension, but building a flight in an arrow that's like weighted, it's way different than a spear. It's being launched from the back, not the center. So you can't just transfer it over. This is requiring multiple people over multiple generations in my opinion. I think that the fact that we see it all over the fucking planet, it says something That probably people were travelers. Yeah. It's No, yeah. It's not something that people would figure out on their own everywhere.


Now we have AALS too, right? Yeah. And, and people figured those ones out. So, but that seems like a more simple device. Yeah, it's a lot simpler. Yeah. So why isn't that everywhere instead of bow and arrow? Probably was, but the bow and arrow supplanted it And it was only kept where you really needed the penetrating power that of the aad. Right. So that's, again, this is all just spit balling, but we don't know for sure. I, I could say that I do, but I don't. So It's just so, it's so interesting really. So Intering, 'cause the, the concept of if these mummies that show cocaine really are proof that somehow or another someone came from the Americas with cocaine and made their way to Egypt, boy that throws the whole thing, throws a monkey wrench into the whole gears of our timeline of civilization.


Oh. Oh man. How are they doing that? How'd they get over there? That's so fucking far. And a noki taxi cab service. What's your thi Outside? Sorry. Oh, based off of the, what you're saying with like it's a time measuring tool. I'm looking for more examples of it. This is a very interesting ex explanation. I don't know if it's accurate. Hopefully you can shed some light on it. Does this make any sense what it's saying about water Clock? Yeah. So a baboon, 'cause there's a damnit I can pull it up in a second. No, It's okay's. Just read a baboon Sitting. This something looks like a basket. And What is this from? What is this? Where red, This Reddit, Reddit. A post about Reddit. So I'm explaining what this is. The Hieroglyph depicts one form of something called a water clock, or say that word Xiidra Clipp cire hydro hydria, which was used to tell the time by the drainage of water through a small hole.


The item associated with thaw due to its use as a measuring tool and thus miniature versions or models made of, how's that, what's that word? Defiance? What's that word? I Don't know. Five ounce. Sorry. Often had baboons incorporated into their structure. It said that horror hora polo in hieroglyph that it was traditional to allow water to drain out of a hole in the baboons genitalia because the baboon apparently cries and urinates 12 times a day on the equinoxes. So you just like force feed water into a baboon to figure out what time it is. Synchronized clocks, He's just howling.


Oh, it's time to go to eat. The monkey's howling regardless of the exact reason the hole was indeed sometimes placed at the end of the baboon's penis model. Non-functional versions of the water clock often mimic the shape of the hieroglyphic itself, similar to the maat figurine and may have been used in offering rituals. See if you can find one of those figurines. So that's a water clock built on the idea and the water clock, the water comes out of the baboon's penis. And I know that the ancient Egyptians like would measure time during the evening hours with water clocks like that. They would have people tasked with keeping time for the the area.


Oh, look at that. It's a baboon water clock. The water come, it drips out of his dick. And when All the water, so it's like a sort of like an hourglass. Yeah, but it's the baboon's dick. That's crazy. That is, that's impressive. I found Out something new today. Yeah, Me Too. That makes it worth it. Triple Below that pillar they're showing, I think someone else has explained to us that those are like, they think that's a time like calendar. Those are days or month or something like that. Yes. Mm yes. So all us is time. Yes. That's, wow. So he, what Dr. Martin Sweatman thinks is those three handbags. There are three of the cardinal points, like two equinoxes and one solstice I think. And then the, the condor down there holding the, the sun is what he believes.


He believes that's Sagittarius and that it's DNR basically denoting that the the fourth cardinal point of the year. And that all those other marks add up to the squares are a month the Vs. Are days. And at the end of a, according to his interpretation, it's when he thinks of, it's a recording of the time that the asteroid hit the younger dryas impact. Whoa. And his, he's wrote two scientific papers on it. He's come under a lot of fire for it. But the shocker, the majority of the fire is really funny. It's like, okay, he's, he's a chemical engineer and so he's a mathematician by trade. He's a number cruncher.


And so the first thing everybody says, ah, he's not an archeology. You got a fucking number cruncher in here. It's like it, the field of arche astronomy, as it's called, was first officially recognized because of the work of a guy named Alexander Tom. He's the one that was like plotting out a bunch of shit in England and whatnot. Right. And seeing that this lines up with that, it looks like the, the ancients would stand here to look there. He predicted that they would find a viewing platform And it was at a certain site. He's like, they stood up on the side of that hill. I'll bet you'll find a platform there. They found that platform and now it was, he's starting to do some science here. He's making predictions and they're coming. True. This guy was an engineer, not a chemical engineer.


He was a construction engineer, but he had fuck all to do with archeology. This is very common. If you look at the teams that make up arche, astronomy expeditions, it's usually an astronomer. An archeologist, and then somebody who's just a math whiz. He's really, really, he's way above the pay grade on either one of these guys. When it comes to number crunching, that's generally speaking, the teams that make these things up. So when they go beating at this guy, right? That's betrays. They don't even know what this fucking field they, and it's, Of course these are all scientists and historians by and large that are doing that. So it's really hilarious. It's like you guys are, you don't even look, you don't even open the goddamn book. You one of them famously, or infamously to me.


'cause I drag him for it frequently said, if it looks like a duck, if it walks like a duck. Well, I, I hope you understand. And it's like, well, well I understand between us talking, but I do not fucking understand that for a scientist fuck you on that. If your, if your job is to test chemicals to figure out which one does what, you don't say, well, it kind of looks like this one, so I'll skip it. You fucking test each one. Same thing here. Hypothesis comes at you. You don't get to be like, well, it kind of resembles the one that that one kook came up with. We'll reject it. You test it. Or you don't call it science, you call it guesswork. Well, it's also really interesting when in regards to go Beckley, Tempe, that they've essentially put a giant halt on the amount of excavations being done there. And they've even planted trees over the areas that have not been excavated yet.


Yeah, they've done, yeah. The, some of the tree footage that I've seen is just abhorrent. And isn't the, aren't the trees a protected species of tree? Yep. So you can't cut 'em down. You can't cut 'em down. And, and another, which is Like, why would you do that? Well, why would you do that over one of the most important historical sites in human history? Well, the guy that did it, like he owns the site, right. And then they find it, and now he's trying to sell it or not trying to sell, excuse me. The government comes like 10 years later and tells 'em that they're gonna buy it. And it's just like, if you're, like, if the government's gonna build a highway, it doesn't matter how much you, you paid for your home, doesn't matter what you got on your property, they're gonna come and look at it and they have an equation form and that's all.


They're, that matters. The swimming pool's not on that form. Fucking swimming pool doesn't get paid for. Well on this farmland, adding olive trees made that an orchard instead of basically arid farmland. Ah, made it more Valuable. Made it more valuable. But what's funny about this is like, we talk about the, the arguments against this stuff and how stupid it is. Okay. Jim points out that it's the, these trees are a problem. And since it's Jim and Jim is fucking public enemy number one to archeologists, but I'm coming to get you Jim. It's gonna be my spot soon. But anyway, since, since Jim is fucking hated by these guys, it doesn't matter. It, there is tons of documentation on the problems with having tree roots above a site All the way from contamination with different microbes to, they use a certain species of snail in Europe to determine certain dates and tree roots that punch right through that shit in introduce that snail to places it shouldn't be.


Right. Tree roots will, if, if one of those enclosures that go Beckley tepe is filled with water or had a well in it, all those roots are screaming down that thing and just blowing it to shit. It's gone. So it's, there's a number of things, archeologists, everything I just told you, that's shit. Archeologists say, I learned all that from reading papers about the problem that tree roots can cause too. Archeological sites. 'cause everybody knows they, cause at least All the construction guys know they cause problems with foundations, but they don't care. They'll argue all day, oh, those tree roots aren't so bad. That's a protective, it's not such a big deal. It's all because Jim mentioned it had Flint mentioned it first. They would be all up in arms about taking that, taking care of those trees. It's, it's so clearly Red Rover, red Rover, it's all about teams.


It's just, it's just stupid. It's the point where it is just, it's reprehensible at times, to be honest with you. It's just shocking that steps haven't been taken to mitigate that. When you consider that this is one of the most important archeological sites ever. So it's through the monkey wrench into the whole idea that people were capable of building stuff like that only around 6,000 years ago. Yeah. It blasted that on its ear. Like you were saying earlier. I, I remember, I I drives me nuts 'cause I can't find the clip, but I remember seeing it years ago of Graham talking to somebody and the guy saying, you know that, that show me the civilization.


Yeah. That was with Zoe Haass and there was another archeologist, the guy with glasses. Yeah, that's the what I was saying it. And he was openly dismissive in the most disgusting way. Like where's the evidence? Yeah. Of And so then they find it. But back in those days, the, the, the standard operating model for humans becoming from hunter gatherer, hunter gatherers to civilization was you were had to start farming and then you created a surplus of food. And once you had enough of a surplus of food for long enough, you started to have these ruling classes emerged. You get your astronomers and your priests and your shamans and all these guys don't wanna work. And so pretty soon you get these cities going and shit. But this can only happen.


We have a huge surplus of food because that's obviously just wasted labor. We'll go Beckley Tepe really threw that on. Its here because there ain't no goddamn farming. Right. Then there's, there's beginnings of it. There ain't no, there ain't no surplus of food there. There's, I mean, there's no surplus of human created food. You might be finding lots of animal bones and shit, but it wasn't like they grew, grew a bunch of food. So it completely destroyed that entire narrative. And that's the part that, because it's a Graham Hancock site, they will, they're slow to really admit that. But go buy a book from the nineties and read about how, how humans progressed from Anth and you buy an anthropology book and you'll see it very clear that, that they completely had to rewrite shit because of Go Beckley Typee. Yeah.


And it's also, it's a weird one too, because they know it was intentionally covered up 11,000 years ago. That's that, that one's wild. That's wild. That's one thing that's been pushed back on a lot, but it does look like that's, there's papers published both ways, but it does look like last I saw it does look like the, the consensus is it was buried deliberately. What's the pushback? The, the sides of the hill would like collapse into the thing and so that they would just eventually just kind of push some more of it in there and just leveled it out so they could use the area because it was a bunch of holes in the ground, you couldn't walk your donkeys over or anything. Hmm. I know it's a little, seems Like a lot of work. There's a lot of areas around it. You can walk your donkeys. Yeah.


You know, it's not like the whole area. Yeah, I, I agree. I I I'm, I I think they go Beckley, Tempe, like any of those sites. I don't think I, I'm well aware just like the, because Jimmy's involved with it. Anything Graham Hancock touches those guys. They, they, they're, they're gonna poo it. They're just gonna dismiss it. Right. And it's, it's sad because like he is them hitting him with the racist thing in particular. That's good. You know, Graham, that, that, that hits him. He, that fucking hurts him. He's very sensitive. He doesn't, And that, that kind of shit, man. There are people in the, that are Atlantis hunters today. There's a guy Roberts of fear, I hate to say his name even, but I will because he needs to be put on blast a bit.


This guy is, he's an Atlantis bro. He, he thinks that the DNA story that we've been told out of Africa is wrong. Okay, fine. Whatever. Where the rubber hits the road is when he starts seeing, he'll show like pictures of like old school anthropological models of proto humans that are real dark skin and big hair coming out and looking half monkey, half man. And then he'll say, there's no way that this could come from the same stock and then show like a little 6-year-old Danish girl with perfect fucking big blue eyes. And, and, and this is this kind of constant, constant digs at, at Africans, not out of Africa, but at Africa.


They were all these different species bred with different hominids and these guys bred with the stupid ones and these other guys bred with smart ones and these guys bred with strong ones. And it's like, it's very, it's racist for lack of a better term. It might not even be what you would consider white supremacist, but it's definitely it when you're done with, if you were to take everything he said and accept it, you would walk away thinking that different groups of humans are clearly better than each other, genetically fucking hands down. And you can judge it based on skin so that it is racist. Right. What does that have to do with Atlantis? Well, he's believes that Atlantis was like the, the people that spread the ideas around and stuff's kind of the same stuff I was saying earlier about that Ignatius Donnelly guy.


Oh, okay. So he is, so he is what you would think he's got 300,000 subscribers or so on YouTube. He's not a nobody. So you would think he's the guy that these guys would be poking at for being a fucking racist. But they don't. And there's a real big reason why they almost never do, there's like two people with any following at all that have letters next to their name that have taken shots at this guy on YouTube. And the reason is it's he, he's, he is what they actually claim Graham is. So it's, it's like if, if, if you have somebody that's complaining about a trans activist, the one that's screaming, call me, ma'am. That's what they're trying to say. Gram is, but actually that's what Robert is.


And then Graham's just would be standing there being like, Hey, how's it going? So the problem is if you pay attention to that guy and you see the real racist, then it doesn't work when you call grammar racist That you can't call him a racist anymore. Yeah, yeah. And so they also, They probably don't want to give him any attention. Well, they, They give him attention. They talk about him. Do they, do they, they just, like I said, I didn't even wanna mention his name and I know I'm gonna get people yelling at me about saying that. But it's, the stuff that he puts out is very clearly if you were, again, if you take it all on board, it would be very, you would be a racist if you would've just accept it all. You'd be like, oh, well that guy's black. He's just not as smart as me. Sorry. Fuck. There's a clip for you, Flint. Have fun with that. So the, the one of the things that I saw on your channel in regards to Atlantis was this alloy.


Mm. That they found these ingots, they found this, oh, what's The name of it? I, I'm having trouble with this. OOO Oleum. Something like that. Yeah, something like that. And it's a combination of or o coum. Zinc And what? Zinc and copper and silver, I think it was like zinc and mostly zinc and copper. Maybe it was a tiny bit of silver. And it might have just been zinc and copper. And they, they have found shipwrecks that have this stuff in it. And it was written about before too. Like, like it wasn't just written about with Atlantis, like they'd written about it. It was metal that the Greeks used. It was basically from one, from one little mountain region.


And I have one of your videos that I was watching yesterday. I could find it and send it to Jamie. Did you find it? Jamie? Ain't you? Yes. That's it. There. It's, that's the word. Yep. How do you say that word? Or a Callum Or a Callum? Metal ing Callum, Maybe, I don't know. Recovered from shipwreck off Sicily. Yep. That's it. So this was an early version of a, a metal that they had created. Yeah. They, well, they think that it might be an alloy that was found, but they that it, it was like a naturally occurring copper that way. They're not a hundred percent I believe. But You can Make it. We could. Yes. As an alloy. We could. Yes. And what's interesting is it does talk about that in, in, could You scroll up so I can read that?


It says today, most scholars agree that alium is a brass like alloy, which was made in antiquity by se cementation. The process was achieved with the reaction of zinc or charcoal and copper metal in a crucible analyzed by x-ray. How's that fluorescence with x-ray? Fluorescence? Fluorescence. Fluorescence. Fluorescence. Oh, dur by Dario Pineta of TQ technologies for quality. The 39 ingots turned to be an alloy made with 75 to 80% copper, 15, 20% zinc and small percentages of nickel lead in iron. What would be the benefit of that alloy? It was considered like beautiful, like gold, but cheaper, easier to get and Considered harder considered second only to golden value.


Yeah. Was found in and mined in many parts of legendary Atlantis Nation times. Yeah. The, they said that the temple walls in Atlantis were supposed to have been covered with that stuff. Mm. But that's where, you know, myself and I know this, I think that there's a really good chance that a lot of the evidence that we have, a lot of the written records, the myths and stuff of, of Atlanta. So I think a lot of that's gonna have a cultural infusion so heavy into it that a lot of the details will get lost. And you could almost just be like, there was a civilization that was more advanced than the people that wrote about 'em. And that's almost all you could take away sometimes. Like, like the, the Greeks of Atlanta's happened to be a democratic society.


Well, no shit, the Greeks, they valued that democracy. It was something they were real proud of. So Of course this great place was democratic and Of course they had the same, they that rich ass metal, All the fucking, they covered their temples and that shit, bro. It's, I, to me it seemed, You know what I mean? It's just, just like, you know, a lot of people say that, the whole thing, You know that Plato just used Atlantis as an allegory or a myth. What Is this Jamie Brass, I'll say chemical analysis that in gets found in 2015, shipwreck high quality brass. Brass is an alley of copper and zinc. While the ancient Greeks did not know metallic zinc, they knew zinc coating oars. And the description that orical has similar color and shine as gold fits well with the properties of brass.


Well brass is not exactly a precious metal. It does not corrode. And it's widely used on jewelry, marine instruments and medical instruments. Goldsmiths and jewelers describe brass as mahogany of metals. Wasn't that that, that device, I don't remember how to say the word or a te Antier. Kra I guess Auntie Kra. Yeah. Wasn't that made outta brass As well, but part of it was brass. Yes. Yeah. That Thing's insane. Pretty crazy. That's insane. It's bananas. Insane. That thing is insane. It shows some serious thinking going on, serious planning. And as I said numerous times, I think that if it didn't look so clunky when they found it, I don't think that we'd have it. I think it ended up on some rich guy's shelf because it's way too fucking cool. Mm. But they looked at it, I just like, I, there's like a massive of metal with like some gear frozen to it or I don't know, it's all corroded shit.


And then they bring it up and hand it off and oh fuck me, look what we got here. 'cause yeah, I mean that's, you know, that looks kind of cool, but it, it doesn't look nearly as, it Just looks like A wheel. Right. And it was found next to a bunch of statues. Right. So they, they had, there was stuff of real value as far as they were concerned. Well, what's really fascinating is the 3D analysis of what it was. Oh man. And how it worked. See if you can find the, when they show like a, and that's it right there. This is the depiction of what it looked like when it was actually functional. Yeah. It's Insane. It's like, what the fuck is that thing? And this was some sort of super sophisticated calendar, right? Yeah. Basically just a And you know that thing at school where you would Oh, I thought it was how they traveled.


No, this says weather Patterns and stuff. No, it does have weather patterns, Star phases and weather patterns. Right. That it's, You know, those things that you in, in high school or college where you turn a crank and the sun and All the planets go around it. Right. Corresponding weather predictions. That's what Star phases. You can correspond weather with star phases, I guess if you're doing a calendar, right? So if you're looking at when, when is it gonna be winter? Yeah, Exactly. Oh, fucking cool. Yeah. It's pretty impressive stuff. And It's like way earlier than anybody thought anybody had in a mechanical clock. Well, yeah, there's stuff I haven't researched for a long time, but I remember That's what it looks like when it's separated.


Yeah. This is someone making A planetary thing. Whoa. Yeah, I was saying it's, it's effectively that's the same kind of thing, basically. So that's what it's based on all those little Well no, it's, it, it is this, those are based on it or the a kids mechanisms way before that, right. Like Yeah. So What year was this supposedly? I wanna say like 1500 BC or something is what it, but I, I might be might be, I Think it just said 500 bc. Okay. But yeah. Is that what it said? Jamie Discovered in 1901 Second century BC Oh. So, okay, okay. 200 bc But there was definitely more than one of those. Oh God. Yeah. That's what's crazy.


So this is the whole thing when you're talking about ancient technology, if this is only 2,200 years ago, 15,000 years ago, you ain't gonna find shit like that is so much longer. And if you think about how eroded that is, if that thing was still in the ocean 10,000 years from now, there'd be nothing left. Yeah. That's the other thing that's really gross about the whole shipwreck dismissal is that these ships were made outta wood. The wood would be gone. This idea that it would all be preserved because of cold water. There's no evidence of that. There's evidence of things that are like 600 years old, a thousand years old. As soon as you get older than that, you get nothing but the pottery and the jewelry on the floor of the ocean. Right? Yeah, that's Yeah. Absolutely. Right. It's, yeah, we don't, we don't, we don't have fuck all for shipwrecks way back in those days.


And, and those ships that are preserved from even close to like 10,000 years ago aren't ships. They're the little fucking canoes that are found in bogs and places. Right. If it's in the ocean, it's not, it it, it's Swiss cheese after, you know, a few, a few thousand years and you ain't gonna have nothing left. Yeah. One of the things that really is sad about that whole deal is it's, you know, there, there was a potential for a real good discussion to be had there. Flint does know a lot about archeology and he could have sat down with Graham and had a good conversation about this stuff. But if you, in order to do that, he would've had to have not construed as a debate in his mind. I mean, a quarterly was still gonna get labeled as such, but by cons, by making a debate in his head.


It's like, You have to win. You have to win. And, and how do, and so you have to sow shut holes that can't be sewn shut. If we're talking about like that there's shipwrecks. Oh, well they've gotta make sure that there's no shipwrecks. You gotta make sure that there's no place for him to speculate whatsoever because, and that's just like, dude, so you end up with Right. Because he is still right in one way. Right. And the, the the way he's right is there's no evidence of a 10,000 year old shipwreck. No. There is no evidence of a 10 old Ship. Absolutely. That's all you have to say. And you have to say, well, we have to make a giant leap if you wanna assume that people were seafarers. But it is possible. And Right. If it's Possible that they did 2000 years ago, like what we do, we really know for absolute certainty what year the boat was invented.


Thank you. But I, I'll tell you something that's, that's kind of painful and hilarious but sad about this, you know, Flint, they're closing the, the anthropology department at the University of Flint teaches at right now, they're closing down other anthropology departments in archeology departments across the world right now across the country. There's, I just posted one a couple days ago. Flint was sitting here with Graham talking to you, and there was the opportunity for him to say, we do need to do more investigation. Graham, I completely agree with you. Which is why I think we need to get some people out there to do some underwater archeology. Where do you think Graham, you know, so it's a few different places, right? Right.


He could be drumming up business with the, and and then the two, then at the very least, even if, even if he looked down his nose at everything, Graham had to say, the cheddar comes in, the investigation's happen and everybody's happy. Instead we they're closing his fucking department. I mean, dude, I I just, to me it's just such a, I mean, they're not, might not necessarily be directly related, but he had an opportunity that he completely didn't just piss it away, he just drove it into the ground, did the opposite of what he should have done with it. And they do that as a matter Of course. Jimmy Corsetti brought up once about a year ago on Twitter.


He is like, oh yeah. You know, I think the Nephilim in the Bible, it talks about the giants, the Nephilim. I think maybe that might be an extinct species of hominid and I maybe Denise Evans, maybe Neanderthal. So instead of being like, Hey, that's interesting man, but you know, whats and Neanderthal are both the wrong size for, they, neither one of them were bigger than humans. So they couldn't be giants. You need to look into gigantic epithetic or maybe some other, and sent Jim on, on to go learn about science instead they said, no, that's fucking stupid. Both of these are smaller than that. God, this Jimmy Corcetti guy's a fucking grifter. God. He's stupid. And then I, I can come along and point out that you, you had, you missed an opportunity here guys. Why are you doing it like this?


You, why are you being dicks instead of trying, you're, you're here trying to be a science educator. Right? Right. He has a bigger platform than you. Right. The giant thing is always weird to me because there's so many people that believe in kooky shit that wanna believe there was giants and that there's, they, they hit 'em Smithsonian, they've got 'em tucked away. Like why, why would they hide giants? Like what would society fall apart if we knew that at one point in time there were 11 foot men running around And what happened to them? And maybe they're just like a lot of other large animals that just like they didn need too many resources. Yeah. Because you ate 'em all and that's why they're gone. Yeah. But or maybe they're just dumb as shit and huge. We ate them and we Ate them. Yeah. Or We killed them. Maybe we got tired of them raiding our villages and they couldn't figure out weapons.


'cause they were so big they never had to. Yeah. If we do know that there's just tiny hobbit people, why wouldn't we assume that? Look, if the tallest humans are like, what's the tallest guy ever? He is like nine feet tall. Eight Foot three. Okay. Robert Wadlow, I grew up in that near him. So, So let's imagine something two feet bigger than that. That's not so hard to believe. No. That there was a bunch of them. Is that hard to believe? If we find out that there was little Hobbit people? And if we find out there was Dennis Os and what's those bigheaded people that they found? We were talking about it, they found in China the extra large skulls. We were, it is a very recent discovery. We were just talking about it. It's a, they thought at one point in time they were Dennis s and now they think it's a completely separate chain. Oh wow. Yeah. They're always finding these new little weird humans.


But these big headed people, they had like large brows and their, their skulls were much larger than ours. Hmm. They Were. Yeah. And they, we, we just had, we pulled images of 'em the other day. Remember? They looked giant, they looked, they, we had jacked versions of it. We really call 'em just the large head people. I don't A better name for it. Big fuck Google. Big head people discovered I did. It's there's a web. The literally the website says large head people. Yeah. It's just, They don't have a better name For it. But remember we, we did find a, a better name the other day. That's it. Those are the people. That's the article. So this is December, 2024. So it was really recent. Wow. Yeah. Provocative, new piece of nature.


Proposed a whole new group of ancient humans, cousins of the Dennis Os and Neanderthals that once lived alongside homo sapiens in Eastern Asia more than a hundred thousand years ago. The brains of these extinct humans who probably hunted horses in small groups were much bigger than any other hominin other time. Including our own species. Whoa. Yeah. What bigger brain things like what is this thing? Jeweler jewelry. Yeah. Large Google jewelry and images. There's some cool fucking CGI versions of what they think this thing looked like. Go to images. Damn. There's one where he is like super jacked.


Oh, that's like that one over there far. Like look at that super jacked primate that stands upright. Here's a weird one. How come All the intelligent things stand upright? Is it because you need your hands free? 'cause if you're walking on four legs, you never figure anything out. 'cause you're always using your hands to walk with. That Might be part of it. Like, you need to become bipedal. Yeah. Like Opposable thumbs. Yeah. So You can, well, the aliens don't though. They, they gave up on that. They would just want three digits. Well That's, that's because they all just do tablets now. Yeah. They're so advanced. They're just scrolling. Yeah. You ever seen a little kid take a magazine and try to like, I saw this today. This was the world's tallest woman meeting in the world's smallest woman.


Wow. Yeah. Right. Like look How that's insane. And those are both human beings. Yep. Right. At the same time. Well, one of the things that's interesting to me about the giant bones, like the reports that they go, the, the things that they use to really their smoking gun is like, there's a few reports from like the West coast and like Grand Canyon and shit. And they would send these letters back being like, or they'd be in a newspaper that this guy discovered these big giant bones and they're bringing them back and Right. I'm of the opinion being the skeptical person. I'm, I'm of the opinion that this was more of an announcement to the people back east that hey, if these things happen to get stolen along the way and I happen to find a bunch of money along the way, now's your chance.


Because once they get to the Smithsonian boys, they're theirs. So I don't think any of them made it. If, if these existed, if they were giant bones at all. I don't think a damn one of 'em made it to Smithsonian. I think they got bought up and they're sitting in, I mean, fuck, come on. These guys have their fingers. Some Jeff Bezos type character from 18 two That collect Has it in his house. Archeology Became a field because Imagines you go over some skull bone type dude's house and a fucking giant skeleton. Jesus Christ. He's all, You have a giant skeleton in your house. They're fucking metal, metal plates on his face. They're real and stuff. Real. It's all I have real, they're fucking, They're real. How many people have those little alien babies? Those little alien skeletons? Oh, how many people? I mean, people find out about that. Some crazy Chinese billionaire.


It's like, get me a little alien. Come on. I want it for my, my study. Yeah. And that's basically how that's, you know, those, those, That probably happens a lot. Right? 'cause these archeologists aren't making much money. No. And Of course it happens. Like, especially in the third world and shit. Oh yeah. I mean, and that's where All the, not all, but that's where a lot of the cool stuff is. But you go to a place like that, it's like your boy up in Alaska finds a spot and he, he, because it's not human remains, he can do whatever the fuck he wants right now. Those were native remains. It'd be a different story. Right. But, and, and like he, he's pulling cash out of that. But guys in other countries where they don't even have enough to feed, I mean look at how the, the Dead Sea scrolls were found. Right. They just buy 'em off of fucking little kids and shit.


Right. The people that had no money, like the kids throw rocks up there and then they find them and then the dudes, the guy buys the first ones were bought from the kids that found them. Isn't that crazy? It's insane. And for nothing, Of Course, You know? Right. Imagine if they were just burned somewhere. Imagine someone said this is heresy and lit him on fire. Like we would've lost it all. Like Library of Alexandria, Like all that. All that shit that ISIS blew up. Oh right, right. Fuck yeah. Crazy. Yeah, that hurt. I seen seeing those videos was like bad. I Read that about the mummies. That's how they found them. The NASCAR mummies. There was grave robbers 'cause there's, they, they were found in a cemetery area, but someone found some weird ones, I guess amongst the bodies And which ones you think, which ones do you think they took first?


Yeah. You walk in there and there's all these 200 of them. One of 'em is really extra real crazy look. That's gimme that one, Gimme the alien. The one with the giant head. The, the reports that with, I told you Rockefeller got those big skulls. The reports say that they gave him three or four bundles that were in desperate need of repair. I call bullshit of that. I think he got the four best motherfucking bundles. They had Probably, probably got 'em set up with like a UFO in the background in his house. Gotta go to a secret room. Look, the visitors be old. They've been here Forever. But one of the things I did want to ask you is one of the wackier theories that I read online was that there was a discovery of some sort of an Egyptian temple in the Grand Canyon.


Yes, I've heard this. Yeah. That's basically one guy's story. It's cool. I don't wanna believe that's the problem. I wanna believe too. That's the problem I wanna believe too. But why would they hide that from us? Well, the only reason that there's a part of the Grand Canyon you can't go to That is true. Dun dun dun. That's where this, why can't you go? What's the rule? I think it's have to do with Native American stuff, but I haven't dug too terribly into this, to be honest with you. It's like, let 'em have a casino and let us go there. It, it might even be a speed because they're worried about people falling off the side of a cliff or something and dying. Well, they die every day over I, yeah, they do. Not every day, but like every year someone dies at the Grand Canyon. But this is supposed to be, that cave was supposed to be in that area and it's supposed to be like pretty hard to find.


Pretty inaccessible. But yeah, it was supposed to have all kinds of Egyptian relics and stuff in there. Can you imagine if the government's been hiding that from us and UFOs, you guys found a Egyptian temple in the Grand Canyon. You, you hid it for so long, you had to keep hiding it. Otherwise you would've been an asshole five years ago, a hundred years ago. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like we don't ever ever admit we were assholes. So we'll just like keep it hidden forever and ever. We'll know who killed JFK before we get to see what's in that cave. Allegedly. Allegedly. Yes. Yeah. I'm I'm not buying anything. No. Oh, no. Yeah, we're gonna release the documents. Sure. One, one once. Yeah, once the, once they said they were gonna release the documents, I was like, sweet, I'm gonna go look into it. And they're like, oh, it's just gonna take a couple three.


Okay. Fuck you. Well, they have to go through it all, You know? And I, because they haven't done that yet. And yeah, I don't know. Well, I I I, I, I get it. I just, it's if the fam, you know, the, maybe it could be the grandson of one of the people involved has got power or something. Nowadays it doesn't really matter a whole lot. Right. It's like just if there's power involved, they're just gonna kick that. Especially if somehow or another you could show that those people profited from that power and then that family's inherited that money and they'd be held liable. Oh boy. Oh boy. Oh boy. Yeah. Well listen Dan, I really enjoy your videos. They're great. It's a great channel. DeDunking. Thank you. It's awesome. It's on YouTube. Always great to talk to you.


I'm glad you came back here to do it again. And let's do it another time, man. Yeah, I would love that. Thank you. Shit goes down. I I would love that. Come down here and we'll decipher it. Thanks for the invite, joy. I really appreciate it. Pleasure. Great conversation. I enjoyed it. Alright. Bye everybody.