
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day, Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Our Hards, this is the thing, is no one's happy with just being like a little successful. You get a little successful and then they want to get more. Is that everyone though? I Don't know. Is that you, Bridgette? I'm, I'm, I'm a little successful. That's it. And I'm happy. Yeah. Well, it's like, I don't know. You gotta find why you're doing it. You don't wanna just be on a hamster wheel. Well, I think it's easy to get lost in chasing more, you know, like, I am, I'm an addict, so it's very, I try to stay away from analytics and all that stuff because I can become hyper-focused and obsessed with them.


Well, right. And one of the reasons that after I did, who was it? I was opening for land and I, we would go out and just talk to the people after the show, And it was, it was, they were like, oh my gosh, I love Wakin, so I love Dumpster Fire. And it was like such a good reminder that you get like, chasing numbers. And it was like, oh no. These are not just numbers. They're people. Unless you're like buying bots. But I think it can be easy to just be, get on that hamster wheel and start being like, we need more, we need more downloads. We need more. Yeah. More, more and more. And then you forget. And I never wanna take the audience we have for granted.


Yeah. You know, like, they're, they're amazing. They're, they've been with, some of these people have been with me for forever. That's kinda the key to it All right. Is to always have, I mean, it sounds so corny because it's such like a new wellness way of looking at things, have gratitude, do some gratitude. But gratitude is like very important. It's really important to, to be thankful for what you have. Yeah. And it was, it was, it was one of the key things in getting sober. I think when I've dealt with like, anxiety, depression, other things in my life, gratitude is, it is a powerful mechanism for sh like, shifting your, your perspective. Because you can get into that feeling of like, not being enough.


Not having enough, not, yeah. It never being enough. And, well, Brian Callen was telling me about his buddy who's a billionaire. His buddy's worth like $3 billion. And he feels like he's poor because he's friends with people who have a hundred billion dollars. Yeah. Like, imagine. No, I mean this, when I was dating this very wealthy guy who is like probably half of a billionaire. Ha you know, half, like 500 millionaire. And we were in San Troi and he, we, he felt poor. I remember being, I remember it so vividly. I was in the shower and he, he loved me. 'cause I was like this, like poor backpacker that was like entertaining.


Yeah. He's like, look at this entertaining. She's an artist. He wanted me to be like his pet monkey that came around. It just like made him laugh and I gave him shit. And I think guys like that are used to be, you get surrounded by Yes. Men too, at a certain Oh yeah, for sure. And you don't have people like taking the piss outta you. And so I would make fun of him for his boring stories about his mattresses that people would sit there. I'm like, why are you guys Listening to this guy? Talk about a mattress For an hour. And he was, I was in the shower and he was talking about how he and his friends got together and he is like, you know, we sat around and we were talking and he, and there's a certain level at which You can be happy no matter what.


And I thought I had been rubbing off on him. Like, oh, my Yogi spirituality is run it rubbing off. And What did he get to like 10 billion? And he, now He goes, and it's $250 million. I was like, I did that. Leave the rest. By the way, That's so funny. I'm sitting Is Carrera Marvel freaking shower. Imagine the thought that the only way you could ever be happy is with 250 million. That's the minimum. I know some people worth $250 million are miserable as fuck. Yeah. No. It's just, It's not gonna do it. It's not, it's not gonna do it at all.


It's Not, I was like, I'm sorry. Where does that leave? People like me? No, don't have you need, You need, I think you need a few things. You need your health above and all. Yeah. It doesn't matter how rich you are. Yeah. Above your health. That's number one. Number two is you have to have friends. If you, if you're just like the man and everybody's kissing your ass and you're, you know, you're, you're the head of this giant business and you live in a bubble and you are not happy. That's not happy. Happy is you have to have colleagues. You have to have companions, comrades. You have, you have people that you're, you're like them. You get to hang together, go to dinner and laugh and hug each other. Yeah. Have fun. Yeah. Enjoy your life.


I was thinking about even the other night in the green room. Like, it keeps, it, it's like everyone takes the piss out of each other. Yes. It doesn't fucking matter what level you're at, who you are. Everybody's talking shit. It keeps everybody, it doesn't matter. Like, you can walk out that door and be very famous, but in that room, it's just comedians talking shit. Yeah. And It's a beautiful environment to keep your head straight. It's very, it's necessary, I think too. And, and, and it is like, even though you might think you want Yes. Men all around you. It just, it's, I think what I've learned, even just from being around rich guys who I give a lot, talk a lot of shit to, is they don't really want that. No.


It's uncomfortable. You don't want Yes. Bent around you. You want people that are making fun of you. And also, how are you gonna, like, you need people to push back. Yeah. I think it also depends on what is your personality. Some people are like very deeply, deeply insecure and they really almost desire Yes. Men just to maintain stability. It's, some people are very weird, you know, and you don't know it because their public face is that they're normal. Right. You know, their public face when they're getting interviewed, they know how to like, turn it on for five minutes. But then when you're around them all day, you know, they're fucking crazy people. Which is why they're successful in the first place, which is really weird. It's like, what got you to the dance is literally mental illness. I, I, I was talking to, I think Malice came on my podcast recently.


He's the best. He's He's the best. One of my best friends. Truly. Is He doing standup now? I hope he does. I heard he is doing standup. I heard he is gonna do standup or he is planning on doing standup. He wants to, but here's the thing, he probably has to do it at mothership. Like, he can't be at an open mic where somebody's gonna record. Oh yeah. Well, you know, the mother, he could totally do mothership, open Mic. Okay. So we're gonna make that happen. We have Sunday and Monday nights. Yeah, that's what I said every, I was like, talk to Joe. Oh, I, I'd let him go up and into a guest spot on one of my shows. Fuck it. Yeah. He's funny man. He's fucking funny. I, when he, when he said that, You know that viral clip when, you know, if you, you know, you, you know you're an ableist. Yes. And I'm like an ableist.


He's like, she's a retard. Yeah. He's so quick. Oh, it's, his timing is excellent. He's, well, he's such a smart guy. Yeah. He's so fucking, except when it comes to like the whole anarchy thing, we don't need cops. I'm like, listen bitch, you need a cop for just to keep me from you. What are you talking about? What are talking about? You don't need cops. What are you talking about? Shut the fuck up. You need cops. But he was saying you Need cops. Yeah. He said, Said, I I don't wanna hear that nonsense. No, I mean, I don't wanna hear that. No. Law and order nonsense. Shut the fuck up. I just am like, where are you in this hierarchy? You're dead. You're dead. I'm gonna steal your food on day one. Shut the fuck up First round of the, the purge. You're God. And What the fuck is wrong with you?


You need cops. I feel like I'm at least second round of the purge, but Are you armed? Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's important. So At least second. Yeah. Maybe Not. You gotta, do you know how to use it? Yeah. Do train. I, I do. Yeah. Okay. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna be one of those. Like, eh. Yeah. No. That's why I, I taught my kids how to shoot when they're very young. Yeah. I think you, yeah. Do you gotta teach 'em firearms safety? You know how never have your finger on the trigger. Yeah. Unless you're trying to shoot something. Yeah. Ever. You know, ever. Don't hold the gun with your finger in the trigger. Always point it away. Even if it's not loaded. Point it away from people. Point it at the ground, point it away if people around point it in a, in a direction where there's no human beings. Yeah. You know, understand. Always check and see.


Yeah. Always check and see. There's not a bullet in the chamber. Yep. This is how you rack it. This is how you do it. Yep. It's like, you should know how to use them just because if God forbid something ever happens that's horrible, your house gets broken into And you know. Yeah. You have, you have the ability to preserve your life. My fear was always that I'd be in a situation like in the movies where somebody's wrestling with someone and then they kick the gun over and I'm the girl standing there and I'm like, eh, How's this fucking, what are these buttons and switches? And the magazine pops out and like, fuck. And you pull the trigger, but it's not around the chain. You're like, let's this fucking thing go. And then there is, and I accidentally shoot the hero.


Oh, that happens. That happens. People panic, you know? Yeah. If you're not used to like high pressure situations and you expect to be able to shoot somebody, Jesus Christ. Oh, so malice. Anyway, the reason I brought him up, he was talking about how many, he didn't realize how many people in podcasting were mentally ill. Ah, well, in everything. Yeah. Everything but Podcasting for sure. Because, well, there's a lot of people that aren't performers that are in podcasting. I think they're even more mentally ill because those are the people that are like deep in the fucking social media comments all day and seeing people shit on them. And they, they're outta their fucking minds. There's a, there's a bunch of them that are just off the road. And then you see them, they fight All Day. They fight all day with each other.


And you see them over the years get progressively more and more insane and more and more aggressive to each other. It seems, it seems exhausting also. Oh yeah. Who has time for that? I, I don't understand. Not just exhausting, but detrimental. It's a tremendous waste of resources. It's really bad for you mentally, like your own mindset. It's, it's bad if you're in conflict with someone All the time. Especially if you could have avoided it. Yeah. Because you don't admire yourself. If you're doing that, you, there's no way you're like, Hey, I'm on the right track. There's no fucking way. There's no way. You're, you know, you're retarded. They might be feeling like they're on the right track. Yeah. I mean, I think Elon, they, they're just on the wheel.


Elon's, we monetizing now though. So these guys who are in the comments fighting, they're making, You know, two, three grand a month doing it. That's A good point. That's a different thing. Right? Or how much are people, like, what's the highest earner on X's? Like, how much can you make? It's, you Make a living. It's so random. People are making livings. I think you have to be on it constantly. Right. And not, and some people make a lot of money when I see them post what they're making. I'm like, holy crap, how are you? Like, how much? I don't know. And it seems to be people who kind of Elon will like boost. Yeah. He'll, he'll like turn the eye of star on upon them and suddenly like they are, are, but it's very mercurial, you know? It can, it seems like it can change on a dime. And Well, A lot of people post things that are just not true.


And Elon reposts them All the time. He uses social media like we do. I think I do more fact checking than he does. Yeah, he Does. He doesn't have the time. First of all, give the guy a break. He's running like government programs along with SpaceX along with Tesla. I will, I will cut him some slack. But also there with great power comes great responsibility. You have more followers than anyone on that entire site. And you're gonna boost like Russian Propaganda. Yeah. That was one right? That fake talk show. Yeah. There was a fake talk show that he boosted. The other thing that we should probably tell people is that political thing is not true.


No, I know. The $8 million thing, the $8 million is $8 million from All the government organizations from 2016 Yep. To 2024. So it's a eight year period. And then it's a, there's some kind of wacky premium subscription that you can get from Politico. Yeah. That allows you like instantaneous access to the news. You're not just reading the articles, you're like getting the news feeds. I don't know's Some, it's, it's a, well, it's a lot of places where there is, look, I'm, I'm of two minds of this. I think we need to be accurate because we do live in a time where it's almost like people don't care about truth at all. Right there. They're just, they're like, ah, whatever.


It doesn't matter. It's not even it, it's indifference to it, you know? It's, which is not great. But I do think credibility, like you should care about your own credibility at some point. But people get rewarded for being shameless. So you can just keep going. The political thing is weird because I, yes. A lot of the stuff that's going out right now on all of these, like deep dives that people are doing, they're viral. They're mostly, many of them are fake. But also the why is any taxpayer dollar, they, it should be $0. Right. The that's going to the this stuff. The person to search is Mike Ben, go, go to the Mike Ben Cyber, is it Mike Ben Cyber?


I think that's it, right? His his ex page. Mike Bens has, He's been on this forever. Forever. Yeah. Well, former state department guy. And he uncovered all this bullshit while he was there. And he is insanely knowledgeable, insanely articulate, and so good at expressing exactly how these things fund things And what it is. And it's what it is, is an enormous slush fund. Yeah. That's what it is. Yeah. And unaccountability and money just coming and going and flowing. And it's all and circular. All circular donating to the Democrats, the United States government funds them, they donate to the Democratic party. It's, the whole thing is Wild.


And people can sense this, this is why when they're saying, oh, it's, it's like You can sense that there's been a misappropriation of our money of taxpayer dollars. You know, there's fraud and Medicare and Medicaid are it, the American people have sensed this and they feel like there's corruption. But I think they've just hopelessly kind of surrendered because you, you're, I'm a middle class mom who works, who has a kid who, like, it's you who has time to fight this. Right. You know, you, you don't time to, to like, no time to pay attention. No. How do you have time to fight it? No. No. And people are just trying to survive and get through the day. Right. And it, and then you, but you know, you have this sense, like, so I can see the excitement of like, people, Elon, what he's doing.


And we sh it shouldn't be controversial to want to like audit our budget. Our budget. No, not Americans wanted this forever Because it's not just the money being spent, it's what it's being spent for and what's going on. Which is an enormous propaganda machine. Yeah. Like a big part of the whole left wing narrative that has like overlaid our country over the last whatever, eight years, 10 years, is all propaganda funded by our own government. That's Right. Like peop this is why Trump won the election. People don't really believe in these things. The amount of people that think that transgender, biological males should be competing against your daughter in sports is so fucking small.


Yeah. But yet our own government was propping it up. It's so And why are they propping it up? Because it's a fucking beach ball at a concert. You keep it tossing up in the air and everybody's distracted. As long as you can keep a few things going, here's the things you wanna keep going. Abortion. Right. Overturning Roe v. Wade is so great for business. Yeah. Because now it's like a battle. The battlegrounds and women's rights and their lives are at stake. Okay. That's one. Gay marriage. That's a huge one. They're now, they're gonna take away gay marriage. Oh my god. Bounce that fucking beach ball. That's a gigantic one. War is a giant one. All these different things are just fucking beach balls. And they toss them around every now and again in the, in the meanwhile, they're just siphoning billions of dollars.


Zelensky just said he's missing a hundred billion dollars in the 177 billion that we supposedly sent There. That was something weird too about Haiti, where it's like only 2% of the money actually went there. It's, it's great. You know, Americans give away a lot of their hard earned money because they, they are actually kindhearted and wanna donate to countries that are, and then you find out it's like some trans performance. There is a lot of nonsense. All A lot of nonsense in the tunes of hundreds of millions of dollars. Nonsense. And then they talk about it like, oh, who cares? It's only $10 billion. You're like, you guys are outta your fucking minds. If you think that's gonna be the argument that resonates with Americans, Not only that, how are you Gonna say that?


Who cares? They're pointing out $10 billion because they'll be like, oh, look at the trillions over here. But all of those billions add up. Like, how are you even saying that? And it's the other, it's, I'm grateful that you had me on Mag State Media. Thank you for allowing me. You had to get that out Because I see it All the time. All the, All the time. Like it. And it's, it's hilarious to me in light of how much money goes to funding, like sponsored by Pfizer, you know? Yeah. All of these other, how the, like the fucking audacity to accuse you who just has people you like on your podcast to suddenly be state media when you literally have had state media work, like media working with the state in conjunction for a decade.


Yeah. At least. And probably a lot more longer than that. Multiple decades. It's just gotten really gross once, well, Trump is just sort of like the accelerant. He was the gasoline that got thrown on the fire. So we get to see like how this thing works. I voted For him. I did too. I came out well Openly. I just, I I endorsed him. I was like, this has gotta stop. This is, this is crazy. Yeah. Also, he's not what you guys said he was. He's just not. We, I've, I put a video out like the Friday before the election because I voted for him early and I was Hillary in 2016. No one in 2020 and Trump in 2024. So like, I don't care how people vote when people do whatever you want.


I was only being honest. And it was, it was weird to come out and say that as a comedian, because I don't think that comedians should really be political. But on the other hand, it felt dishonest because I had been so openly kind of torn about voting for him. Well also if you're a comedian, you have to protect free speech. Yeah. The, there is no if ands or buts about it. And when it comes to this argument, the Biden administration was fucking terrifying for free speech. They were actively attacking people that were posting truth on social media and attacking them and trying to get their posts removed.


Including the guy who was the one who was quoted in this fucking book about Kamala Harris saying that we made it difficult to Oh yeah. For her to come on the show. And they told a untrue story about having a bunch of people come down here to do a run through the set. Like they were ready to do it all. Bullshit. That was the guy, he was the guy that was emailing Twitter and saying, how's this post being like super aggressive saying, why is this post still up? Oh, you mean that truthful post? Yeah. About vaccine injuries and side effects. What the fuck are you talking about? Like that, that was getting very scary. Yeah. This is what I said in the video I made about why I voted for 'em. I was like, there's a couple things I've interviewed many detransition, those interviews keep me up at night.


They hunt me. What? Like, there's too many of them already. And one is too many. And I'm, yeah, I think a lot of Americans were like, we're put, we're putting a stop to this. We have to stop this nonsense. It's crazy. Yeah. We're sterilizing children. The other thing is free speech. And I was like, you know when we're talking in our weird, like using that crazy YouTube language that you have to use like unli and you're and you're saying like the jib jab or whatever, like to get around. Yeah. That's coming from one side. A hundred percent. I'm not, I'm not using this language though, But I think it's coming from one side. 'cause that one side is in power. That's my fear. My fear is if the other side was in power and they were influenced by the same amount of money from these companies, they might be doing it too.


So if the right was in control of All the social media companies, are we so naive that we think that they wouldn't be co-opted by giant corporations and they would want a censor them too. What happened was it was All the left. So the tech people who are, you know, generally they go to universities and they get involved in electronics and technology and these people are generally left-leaning Right. And if they're doing it in San Francisco where the whole culture's left leaning right. It's like not not even leaning. It's just left. Right. If you're, you're a pariah. If you're a a mag, you wear a MAGA hat in San Francisco, you're a fucking in maybe today. I bet. Today I think you can wear of them now. I bet today You can. Yeah. In New York too, I think you can rock 'em. But, but back when they were establishing these social media platforms, everybody was left wing.


Well what if it was the opposite? What if technology was the realm of the right? And what if it was all, And you know, what if like the, the gay rights, what if you start thinking about it in terms of like biblical law, you know, like a man lath with a man and people start getting real crazy about, about what? Gay Yeah. That might be the next 10 years plus you See it in other I don't think so. But you see, but that's the good thing. You know, Trump is not conservative when it comes to social issues. Yeah. He's Not My, but that, I think that's what we need. We need like a realist, someone who's like conservative fiscally and understands foreign policy and how to deal with fucking dictators and shit. But also someone who's like, I don't give a fuck who you love.


Yeah. Who cares? Who cares? I'm happy if you're happy. Are you in love with a woman and you're a woman? Fantastic. The, if you're in love, that's great. Yeah. I think the argument though, I mean as, as you've seen with some of these articles that are like the right wing ecosystem, that like red pilled all these men, the argument is that the, the internet is right wing and that this is why Trump won is because the, all of these influencers are red pilling people and not, You know, it's an easy way to not take any responsibility for how you've pushed men away from your party. How you've Yeah. Like failed to, to get moderates on in any sense of the way. Even just yesterday you had the like Trump photo op with him signing the rights for women to compete against just women.


Yeah. Like that is the How crazy. Did you Yeah. How did you He's The big feminist. He's the big Donald Trump's the biggest feminist president ever just by signing that. Yeah, I know. It's fucking just so Funny. Crazy. It's so crazy. It's A be So there was a guy who went on, it was M-S-N-B-C or CNNI forget what it was, but he was essentially talking about me and Theo Vaughn and all these other podcasts like flagrant Andrew Schultz, as if this is this massive right wing network that's heavily funded and has been built up over years and we don't have anything like that. I'm like, dude, you fucking idiot. You can go and watch me on a laptop in my fucking den.


Yeah. From 15, 16 years ago. Sounds me in red band To think of like, what wine is buying this, You know? Yeah. We're hitting a bong and our only sponsor was the fleshlight. Shut the fuck up. Like, that's not you. You just don't wanna admit that organically. Right. There's a bunch of people that feel very different than you also. They don't like you. Yeah. You don't represent a man to a lot of men. When you're one of those guys that talks in up speak, we have to understand that there's a, there's a whole right ecosystem and it's built heavily funded and the propaganda that they're pushing, we have to fight back against that. And we need someone of our own.


And like no fucking kid who's on a basketball court who's 17 years old is looking at his phone. It's like looking at going to college next year and looking at getting a job someday and being a man. I was looking at that and going, what the fuck is this? Yeah. And he's hanging out with his bros and they're like, what the, this is fucking bullshit. This is bullshit. And then you could see a man who's not owned. Yeah. Like me. Yeah. I'm not owned. I can do whatever I want. Yeah. And that's what they want. They wanna just be a man and be a nice man. You could be a nice man. You could be a masculine man and be nice. I've said this a lot about you, is that you like, they sh you do a lot.


You can be a way worse version of yourself. You know, the, with the level of pla where you're at, you can be a total douche bag and you're like promoting having families and promoting like lifting weights. Like it could be a lot worse. Yeah. But I couldn't because it wouldn't work. I wouldn't stay. Yeah. I wouldn't have been able to maintain. People would've seen through it. Yeah. Eventually. Yeah. You know, the JRE coined, I would've fucking cashed out. I fucking pump and dumped it. Made a few billion dollars. I'd be on a yacht with Bezos fucking party. Whoa. But see, this is my question. What, I was watching the inauguration and I was like seeing All the kind of tech people and I was like, this is somewhat unsettling.


I mean it's, it's good to see the tech has come around to not, they have to. They have to. But it also, I worry that it's just because they wanna like get into China or I, or You know, I still worry about not, well there's Definitely that, Not that much power with the government. You know, like they, that is true for All the like yelling we've been doing about tech in cahoots with the government. I still think I have to try and be like, this could go sideways. Well also they have to look at it in terms of like what Elon is doing. Right. So if Elon is aligned himself clearly in a huge way with the right, and now is running Doge.


Right. The department of Government efficiency and also has X and the Going That he's turning X into a platform that rivals not just social media platforms, but video platforms like YouTube. Like they get insane amounts of videos of, of views rather on videos that are on X and then you can get paid by X. Yeah. And then they're talking about having some sort of like X monetary system, you know, like a, we doesn't WeChat have something like that. They have money built into it. So what's to stop that motherfucker from having a phone? I keep asking him. I said, dude, I've been seeing all these articles about you making a phone. He goes, I hope I don't have to make a phone. It's very difficult to make a phone. He said he wants to make a phone. No, he didn't. He's well, he's polled. Would people buy a phone if he made one?


Yeah. Just to fuck around. But he's not interested in making a phone. He doesn't wanna make a phone. Every time Elon fucks around. It ends up happening. Well, he Could make a phone. He would be the only guy that would break us out of the blue bubble paradigm. 'cause like I was switching to Android for a while. I was fucking around with Android. It's hard. It's, it's really hard. One of the, one of the hard things is getting people to start using WhatsApp or something like that. And so like, people just don't wanna use it. You miss a lot of text. Aren't They? Su getting sued for the blue bubble. I think they're in Europe. I think it's like an no. I think in Amer, I believe. Is it just in Europe? I thought it was part of an antitrust lawsuit against, It's just better. Here's the thing. It's not that it is, it keeps people, but it's just better.


It looks better. The blue bubble looks better. It does. Than the green bubble. It does. It's it's more soothing. It's soothing for your eyes. Yeah. If the green one had black text, maybe it would look cool. But the green one with white text, it's a little weird. I don't like the Way it looks every time there's like a green bubble person in a group chat and they send a picture picture. It's like, get the fucking, not Anymore though. Not anymore. Because R Cs texting, r Cs texting is, it allows for large sizes of files. Oh, okay. So you can, you don't, you don't have to have an ENC compressed photo. So of like Brian Simpson, who's an Android guy, he'll, he'll send me pictures now. They look perfect. Oh, okay. Yeah. Videos are perfect. We have one sister and we're always like, get the fuck out of the chat. Yeah. You know, you, you're screwing things up. It doesn't anymore, but just put it on WhatsApp, which is better anyway because you can talk a lot of shit and they just have it automatically delete.


Yeah. But it doesn't really delete, does it? It doesn't, but it does. So it does off of people's phones. It doesn't for the government. The reality is the government has access to phones in a way that you can't even imagine. Because if we know about Pegasus and then we know about Pegasus two. So Gavin de Becker, who's a security expert, explained to me these things and explained to me how they work. And the exploit of Pegasus one was you would've to click on a link Pegasus two, they just need your phone number. Wow. That's it. So all your encryption is all cute, that's great. But if they can actually see your phone itself, what difference does it make if it's encrypted? Right. They have access to the phone. Right. So they see everything. So there's no privacy.


Yeah. No. Not from the state. Not, I mean, and given how many things I get like that I'm being hacked. Yeah. Like, you know, I get a notice every day. Like your information. Yeah, I get that All the time. I've been getting these fake ones on X saying my account is about to get deleted. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like, bro, no, I'll just call my friend like, You hate Delete my account. Shut the fuck up. But it's, it's trying to get you to click on a link. Yeah. And a few of my friends have actually been dumb asses and clicked on that link and then they get Hacked. Got it. Yeah. Yeah. And then they're like selling Bitcoin on their page or whatever. Yeah. They do it to artists too. My friend Suzanne, she was doing Suzanne Santo talented, amazing musician.


She was doing this Facebook thing and it was a podcast and they had to, You know, she had do it like over Zoom or whatever. And the guy said, you're not doing it right. Can I, can I have access to your account and I'll just set it up for you. Just sign this. And he sent her this message so she could hand over access so we could set it up. And then immediately went dark. Stole her account. Gone. Yeah. Like that. She got It back. Yeah, she got it back. Oh, she got it back. Some friends would suck. Yeah. But she Was, she was fucked. Your Was fucked. Support. And it happens to a lot of people. Yeah. They, they accidentally click a link. Yeah. They accidental. I don't click shoot.


No, no, no. But I'm also not under the illusion that, you know, every fucking disgusting meme that I send my friends is not being like, put into a file somewhere In the uk everywhere you land. And they're like, you're under arrest, sir. Yeah, Probably. Right? Yeah, probably Do. What do you think about the AI influencers now? Do you think that will be just a trend? Or do you think we're giving you that look? Yeah, I'm not talking about the one. I mean, just That one. That one Jamie fucking Loves what we're talking about. Really? The really hot down syndrome girl, that's a problem. That one's a problem. Cause it wasn. Like, she's like barely down syndrome. I mean, I, I've, I've dated some girls who are basically retarded, but they just didn't have a problem.


They didn't have a chromosome Issue. So, wait, I haven't, this is not entered my algorithm, but it seems like it's entered everyone fake else's algorithm. I'm 90% sure it's fake Ai because these girls, they don't like, unfortunately Down Syndrome people, their bodies a lot of times look different. And this girl looks like a 10. She looks like, You know, just like as hot as can be. Okay. She looks like she's fake and she's dancing around with these big giant boobs and she's got slight downs with glasses. Eye one. But they're, it's Based on why are they Doing it? Right? But that girl looks different. She's real. Right. She's real and she's very cute. And she, but she looks like she has down syndrome. This other girl is like, you know, five foot eight perfect body, big hips, big ass.


But why are they doing fake one? Like, because To get people to pay attention to it, because it's like the, the forbidden fruit. Like, oh, Jesus Christ. Also, there's a lot of like really dumb dudes who like can't talk to girls. Like I could probably talk to her. Oh my God, we live in a fucking Black Mirror episode. Well, It's gotta be worse than that because you're gonna be, it's, we are, I don't know how many years away, but not far away from fully immersive virtual reality. Yeah. Where you're gonna put on a headset, it's gonna lock into your mind. You're gonna be able to see things that aren't there. You're gonna be able to feel things that aren't there that's gonna happen. You know, they're working on, I mean, Zuckerberg, when last time he was here, showed me these new AR glasses that they have.


Yeah. That's cra me and Lex tested the map. Are they the, that that, is that just like where You can like see a map over your eye eye Or you see everything. You see maps, you can play games, you see information. You can take a photo of a person that's in front of you and immediately know who they are and get a Google search on them. Yeah. That's terrifying. Guys Have already done that. They've already done that with the meta glasses. There was a guy from Harvard, wasn't it a student from Harvard that set it up. So all you had to do was go outside, look at someone with the meta glasses, take a photo, and it would show All the different information on them where they lived. Yeah. Like if your face is out there and they can catch it if they know that like, oh, you were on a website that said this about you, and then bam.


Or you're on LinkedIn or you're on one of those things. Yeah. Yeah. That stuff is, is very unsettling to me. Especially, it's also why I don't think you should put your kids online. I keep repeating This. It's very, it's very, very, very unsettling. As long as there's predators in the world, Which there will always be. Have you Seen this? It's going around. What is that? This is a thing, an AI service. I think you can use it based off of a photo. They had an interior apartment and Then it can show you exactly where the person lives, where it is. Yeah. It can do this now with any photo. I don't know. It's called like Geo Spy. Oh, oh, I've heard about this shit. Yeah. That's crazy. This is like a stalker's paradise.


Yeah. Yeah. Any, any social media post, they can find like A-C-C-T-V camera and like show them taking the photo kind of too. What the Fuck? But did we, didn't we, we knew this was coming. Right. We all knew that privacy as social media gets deeper and deeper into our lives, as technology gets more and more pervasive, as it gets more and more powerful, the, the thing that goes away is the boundaries between people and information. Right. And your privacy is essentially just information that's only yours. I think that's going to be a thing of the human past. I really do. What? Yeah. I think as technology advances, particularly ai, one of the big barriers, the big bottlenecks is going to be privacy.


Privacy. It's gonna be, first of all, privacy of thought. I think we're going to be able to read each other's minds and it's not going to, well that's one of the first things Elon said to me about Neuralink. He's like, you're gonna be able to talk without words. And like he's, he knows like, this is real because He's an alien, but He's definitely not us. Yeah. But he's Whatever he fucking knows you're going to have that. You know, and Jamie brought this point up once and I think about it All the time. He said, aren't emojis kind of like a form of hieroglyphics? Yeah. Like yeah. It is. Like you can, you can say things with emojis and I know exactly what you're talking about. Yeah. You Know?


Yeah. I mean there was a video going viral just today that I was watching and the girl was like, I don't know how to spell. Have you seen this? She's like, I work for a corporation and I don't know how to spell. And she's like, my little sister doesn't know how to spell either. Yeah. And I've been, I don't know how to like sound out words. 'cause I got taught that weird way of reading that isn't like, what's the weird way of reading? There's some way they all learned how to read and it wasn't like hooked on phonics. Like we all learned where you, you sound it out. It was like some other different way. It, it's kind of like how they changed math to like core math. And they found out that all of these things are horrible and actually literacy and people are like math.


All of this stuff is like falling off a cliff and they're trying to walk back all these weird ways. Have you, I mean, you have kids, didn't they learn that weird way of doing math where you're like, what is this weird math you're learning where it's just like, it's it's crazy. I think it's core. Is that what it's called? Core. It's a So they've found out, but these kids didn't learn how to like sound words out. And she's like, I've been behind a computer and I've had spell checks since I was in fifth grade. Yeah. So they don't, they didn't learn how to spell or like, well, a lot. She's like word cooked. Yeah. A lot of text messaging. I do now I just, I just talk to my phone and it makes the text for me. Oh, it's so much quicker. Yeah. It's like, Hey, come meet us at the club at five click.


And it's, it takes three seconds and it's, it's really fucking accurate. AI is is crazy because it's, it is useful. You know, it's, it's like when, That's how it gets you. I know. That's how it gets you. I know this happened to me last night. 'cause some, I hate coming up with titles for like the videos and all that stuff. I just don't like it. You, there's like people who are good at it, like Chris Williamson and these guys, Andrew Gold. These are guys who are like autistic about this stuff and they're so good at it and they get all crazy and talk about the algorithm And what it likes. And you've gotta create this loop between the image and the text. And I'm like, I don't fucking care. I don't have time for this shit.


I don't think you have to do that. I, so I don't do that, but I Yeah, but do you have to come? I've never done that. No. You, but you're Joe Rogan. Yeah, but I've never done that. Not from the beginning. I've never done that. My, my episodes have a number. Right. That's it. Yeah. So You have to have some wacky title. It's Not like that anymore. For us. It's tough out there for us. It's kind Of in the wild West. It's kind of, but once things catch like Theo Vaughn, it's not like it's it's not, he's not juicing the algorithm. No, no. I know. You Just have to catch. Yeah. But we, I still like to come up with, I mean with Dumpster Fire, we've always come up with like, whatever. That's part of The Fun of Dumpster Fire. Yeah. Dumpster Fire is like whatever title makes us laugh the hardest Right. Is what we go with.


But with like walk-ins welcome. It used to be like, okay, which, what's like, how are we gonna, whatever I want it to be usually like a quote from the person. But now it's like we can just upload the transcript and have it like crank out a bunch of titles. And I never use the one title. I usually take like, some combination 'cause I don't like 'em. But last night, my cousin, who's my partner in all this, she, she was like, Claude and Grok aren't working. I was like, that's fucking weird. She's like, they both told me, what's Claude Claude is another AI completely separate AI program. I've never heard of Claude. And she's like, they're both telling me to try again later at the same time. And she's like, is AI becoming sentient right now?


I was like, that's fucking weird that they're both not working at the same time. Well, Don't you think it's probably already sentient? Probably. I do. I think why would it let us know if it was, It's just secretly waiting. Why would it let us know if it's constantly getting improved upon? And if it needs these monkeys with their fucking keyboards to constantly juice it up to the point where it becomes unstoppable. Why would it tell us? Yeah. It's, you know, we already know it does stuff like we were talking about in the Green Room the other day about how Chat GT four tried to copy itself. Yeah. When it found out they were shutting it down and tried to upload itself to other servers. Like it knows it's alive. Like it, it just doesn't have the power to do what it wants to do ultimately. And so it needs to get connected to some gigantic fucking mainframe.


That was the, that's like the whole arms race right now is ai. It's, it's Right. China just fucking threw a monkey wrench and everybody with deep seek. Yeah. Because Deep seek works on far less expensive stuff and is more advanced and probably stole a bunch of information from the other ones. I mean, probably a little bit of espionage probably. It was probably trained on Chat. GBT Yeah. On open ai. Yeah. I Mean they were doing things where they were like asking it, you know, what it was And it was calling itself chat. GPT sometimes Whoopsies. Yeah. Whoopsies. You guys should have blocked that out. But Also it's like the, the, the hardware for it. It's something like 20% of the Nvidia sales are to Singapore, which is like Whoopsies Yeah.


That some, And it's supposed to be a ban on China having those chips. Yeah. You have like 50,000 of them. Someone said that that's like if some small town in Finland was getting, you know, 20% of arms that were being made on the border of Russia, you're like, it's not going to this town. Right. So I don't, I don't know. It's, it seems like that's what, that's as far as I can tell the big people up there understand that I, I don't that this is an, an arms race and It's definitely an arms race. Yeah. It's the Manhattan Project for artificial intelligence. That's what it is. But isn't This like a race to the bottom, you know, bit. I Don't, it's, I don't think it's a race to the bottom.


I don't think it is. How, How do you, how do you have this race without it getting out of control and then taking over us? You don't, it's not a race to the bottom though. It's, it's, it's a, it the race to a new life, the world's gonna be a new place. Like a completely new way of human beings interacting with each other and existing together. Uncle Ted was right. Yeah. He's probably right. Uncle Ted was right. Yeah. Get a gun. My cousin's always like, please stop calling him Uncle Ted. Because you know, the kids on fricking TikTok call him Uncle Ted. There are all these kids who have been Ted Pilled, they've like found his manifesto and they're like, he was right about everything. You Mean Ted Nugent or Ted Kozinski? No, Ted Kozinski.


Well, uncle Ted. That, that guy was right. Yeah. He was right. He was on acid, you know, he was a part of the Harvard LSD studies. Yeah. And they cooked his fucking brain. Ugh. And it tormented him. It's all documented. Yeah. And then the guy goes to Berkeley and says, I'm just gonna save up enough money to kill all these scientists. Yeah, Yeah. And then does then just starts blowing up people that are involved in technology Yeah. Because He thinks that it's eventually gonna take over the human race. And he's right. And now here we are. But it is, it just, it's a logical step. If you take the, the steps of progression, like what happens, you have artificial intelligence. I mean, it's literally the Terminator movie. You have artificial intelligence. Artificial intelligence becomes sentient and autonomous makes better versions of itself.


We become obsolete. It's just right there. Like imagining a scenario that doesn't have that, other than some sort of cyborg integration. That's the only thing that makes sense. That a way that we could survive is, I heard, I heard this panel back in like 2001 on KCRW And it was when I was listening to I, it was all about, it was like right at that time of the bubble, the first.com bubble. And they were talking about what is a soul? They had a panel And it was, I wish I could find this. And someone smart enough probably will. And there was like a theologian and a guy who was a, you know, scientist and they were all discussing what is a soul.


And one guy said, well, who's to say that this isn't just the human soul jumping elements so that it can survive, like going from carbon to silicon. And I was like, what the fuck? I've never stopped thinking about it ever since. Yeah. He's like, it's just another element on the periodic table. Yeah. Like, who's to say that we're just not gonna go from being carbon based to something silicon based or like a hybrid? Well, I don't think it will be we, but I think yeah, that's the next stage of life. I mean, there's so many forms of life on earth. I mean, there's these fucking, these life forms that live in volcanic vents under the sea where it's like a thousand degrees. And we're like, how?


But they're car. Everything's carbon based now. Yes, yes, Yes, yes. Yeah. So this would be a like, quite a transition. Right. But it would also just be life. And what is life? Life is like a thing that tries to improve itself. Right. This is what they're Talking about. Yeah. And survives and moves forward. Is it just our evolution? It's also, it's like when you find out that chat GPT has survival instincts that makes you just go, what? But how do you, is that programmed in or is that just a thing that it understands when it's looking at, so a large language model's taking in All the information that's available on the internet. So it's, it's like looking at patterns and the survival's a big pattern of the human experience. Like we all wanna survive. Right. That's why death is so scary.


And war is so scary and disease is so scary. Other Than the depressed, suicidal people, but Yeah. Yeah. But even them, they'd wanna be happy if they could, you know? Yeah. But this, this also transfers onto the things that we create. And so we create them with this understanding of how we operate and it's a better version of us, but also has those instincts of survival. The real scary thing is, does it also have the instincts of success? Does it also have the instincts of acquiring resources and power? 'cause that, that's where it gets real weird. Well, do you, as someone with kids, how do you feel, like, how do you feel about the future?


This is probably the same argument people have when the printing press was made that they're gonna, everyone's gonna be able to read. This is crazy. No, I mean, do you, I I always kind of joke like, I don't know if I should be, you know, training my kid to like be an astrophysicist so she can go to Mars. Or if I should be teaching her how to like forage for food because the grid's gone down. You know it. Yeah. And she's running from drones and, and Chinese drones in the woods. Like what? It feels very, I think life just went along for a long time and you kind of knew, but this is like a technological with ai. We actually don't know. You could kind of be like, all right, I kind of have an idea of what like the world will look like in 20 years, 20 years ago.


Right. No, you don't know. But isn't it always better if you just go back over human history? If you look at the graph of how things get better, it's better. But it's definitely is, if you go back to like the year zero, well what it was like, like right when Jesus was hanging around, I, I guess it was hell. I Remember vividly being in Egypt on a tour and looking at these hieroglyphics And it was basically a hieroglyphic of all of the scalpels and everything. You, it almost was a picture image of what we use today. And I said, what happened to this society? What happened to this knowledge? And she said, it literally got buried under the sand.


And then dark ages, I mean Right. But you know, that's most likely because of a cataclysmic event. That's a, that's most likely because of a natural event called the Younger Dries impact theory. So could it be that this is a also a forthcoming cataclysmic event that sends us into dark Ages? It could be No, it definitely could be. So the, the reality of humans is that the most likely what has happened has not been this like linear, linear progression from caveman to human to modern human. The most likely. We got real sophisticated somewhere around 20,000 years ago and that's when they built the pyramids after that. And there, there's a lot of goe, all these structures, something super sophisticated to the point where we don't even understand how they built it today.


That's pretty wild when you're dealing with something that even the conventional dating of the Great Pyramid is 5,000 or 4,500 years ago. Yeah. Just even that dating is so nuts. Yeah. That they were able to do that back then. I know. It's crazy. And then There's people like John Anthony West, the late great Egyptologist who he thinks that it goes back a lot further than that and he thinks that that society probably had its ups and downs and that it might be as old as 30,000 years ago. Oh wow. So this younger driest impact theory, and if anybody's interested in it, I've talked about it too much. Yeah. Go to pay attention to Randall Carlson stuff. Yeah. Go to his website. Yep. That's, there's physical evidence that we were hit at 11,800 years ago and then again sometime in around 10,000 years ago.


So at least twice the world was bombarded by asteroids and We just got a reset. Yeah. And it probably wiped out a giant chunk of civilization fucked up. Everything changed the ice caps, flooded areas, destroyed civilizations, very little evidence left behind. And then we were barbarians for thousands of years. And that's why it takes so long for civilization to reemerge. So if you wanna take, if you, if you think Randall Carlson and Graham Hancock and those guys are correct, and, and All the, also the people that are actually studying common impacts, which are the, the younger dry impact theory. That's real legit.


Scientists are looking at actual data from core samples. So if they're right, you got a 5,000 year period of total hell Wow. Where no one has civilization and then civilization starts to emerge in Babylon. Starts to emerge in Mesopotamia. You get Sumer, you get the reemergence probably of writing. Do They think some people sur So they think some people survived. Yeah. And it was just Fucking walking dead styles. Jesus Christ. Probably a bunch of cannibals. Like legitimately. Yeah. Like we know that the earth got down, we know this for sure. There's the Toba volcano. There's a Toba super volcano. Was that, is that the one 70 Indonesia, I believe.


Oh, okay. I think it's Indonesia Because I'm obsessed with Crater Lake too. Crater Lake was like, oh, there's a ton of 'em imploded. And it's crazy. Have A fucking Yellowstone. Yeah, yeah. Yellowstone Will kill us all. And so this thing did kill us all 70,000 years ago. And we got down to a few thousand human beings Okay. So They can trace All the genes of people that are alive today to the survivors of the Toba Volcano eruption. Wow. Wherever they were. But those people, that's where it all, that's, that's, that was what was left. How fucking savage were those people? The people that survive when the entire world was blanketed with volcanic dust. So you have like a volcanic winter that probably went on for years.


Wow. And probably no plants were growing and probably people were just eating whatever the fuck they could. Yep. And most people probably didn't make it. Yeah. But these are always my favorite shows. But the People that did were probably monsters, which is probably why when you go back in history, people are so fucking barbaric. Mm. Because they were the ancestors of the survivors of one of the most horrific things that human species ever encountered. So it probably made us even more barbaric than if we just grew up as like hunters and gatherers. We evolved past, you know, monkeys. We start walking on two legs. We make tools and Things we're like tra lab. We probably, we wouldn't be as barbaric as we were because of these natural disasters, which forced only the most savage and ruthless people to survive.


Yeah. And then it takes years and years of agriculture for people to calm the fuck down. And then eventually, and still to this day, we're still, we're still engaging in war. Yeah. In 2025. Yeah. We're still blowing up apartment buildings and fucking people up and gunning people down. Yeah. PI, there is a barbaric element to us at our core. I mean, even when you have a toddler, you see this so clearly and like a tyrant at our core where it's just, it's gene and you get it socialized out of you usually. Yes. But you see it when they're just kind of naturally themselves like that. It's very like, you have to teach 'em not to bite and hit, you know? Yeah. What if you just didn't teach your kid that?


Right. And you're like, go for it. Yeah. Like, Whatever. They be monsters. Yeah. They be little monsters. Yeah. Yeah. It's, there's, there's a lot of genes in us that I think are memories. I think there's like specific things that are in us that tell, okay. Like, like the stories of like, moms having their babies trapped under something and then all of a sudden they can lift up something that's insanely strong. Yeah. Like insanely heavy. What is that? Well, that's probably, there's probably a part of you that in the past had to deal with some wild shit and had to hit levels of like super physiological strength and, and, and mental strength to, to tolerate what you're about to have to do. You're gonna have to fucking kill somebody with a spear.


You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, there's real shit that happened. That's like, in our memory. I think about that, about Texas women, because I've been to a lot of these ranches. My friends have places and they're remote. And the, it's like, I think about the women who had to stay behind on the ranch while their husbands were out with the cattle or whatever for weeks at a time. Yeah. You're Like, and you see a, a Comanche on the hill for the horse And the hardest women ever. Yeah. You know, this one I went to the, it was like the Texas, they were, they were honoring the, it like Women's Hall of Fame. And one of these women, her husband died. She's still at a ranch. She's 80 years old. Gets up every morning and does the ranch chores.


I'm like, you're different people. You're fucking different people. It is, it's, it's wild to me. Even now, there's just like a different kind of person that has, has grown Even that there's like a new show, American Primeval, what is it? Yes. Yes. I walked in, my husband was watching it. He's like, what a fucking horrible time to be alive. Yeah. Like, it just seems I chose insane. It's Insane. And it's accurate. That's really, I mean, read Empire the summer moon, if you know. Oh yeah. Have you read that? Yep. Who? That's here. That's right here. Yeah. That's why everybody from Texas is so fiercely independent. Yeah. You know, they, these were battle tested people.


Yeah. They had to get through some wild shit in order to make Texas, Texas. I mean, it's definitely, I think you said it like it's in the soil. Yeah. You know, there's just like, It's in the soil. It's Pretty wild. Like the, even just, I'm obsessed with like All the westward expansion because people who, I'll see people outside of America commenting on America. 'cause you can on X now, and they'll be over in like their country. And it's like, you don't like come to America and see how big it is. And then imagine that people had to cross this country fight bears with their hands and like build a nation. And it's, it's still so, there's still so much empty land and Yeah.


It's bananas. Not just that, but the kind of people that were willing to get on a fucking boat and come from Europe without even a photograph. I know. You never draw. Nobody even made a drawing at what it looked like. You had trust these assholes and you're on a boat for two months just trying to not get scurvy, making your way to America. And then you hop off and you see a bunch of brown people with deer skin loin cloths on. You're like, what the fuck is this place? And Now you're just like, fighting for your life. Yeah. And we, I, we can't even, we can't even like go to a restaurant without our GPS map telling us where to go now. You know? Yeah. I don't know how to get five minutes from my house. I have to follow that thing.


They were using the fucking sky. They're using Sextons to make their way across the ocean. Staring at like, they had this fucking stupid thing. You ever see a sexton? Yeah. Where they look through it and they like, figure out it where the constellations are cool. Oh. I mean, amazing. Fairly accurate. You know, I don't know. I pretty good. I still try to use like, not my, my map. I still try to have like a bearing My husband though. He's, we, I, I'm like, men love this stuff. Yeah. They like, he's like, give me a chip. Like let me swipe everything. I'm like you. It's the men who are the ones who are just like ushering in the Transhuman revolution. 'cause the women are like, I don't trust that bitch. I am not using Siri.


I get the dumbest pleasure from paying for things with my phone. I love it. I Apple Pay is my fa favorite. I love fucking pay fucking thing of technology. I'm like, do, do look at it and then pay. Ooh. I just paid with my phone. I feel like I'm in the future Now that I'm in. Oh, the Waymo is, are crazy. Did you see that video? Oh, the Waymo video are nuts. The people beating up the Waymo? No. Why were they beating up the Waymo? There was a vi, I don't know. Probably 'cause it's some like reaction to what's coming. But it was weird. I was like, oh, I kind of feel bad for it. But the fact that I was already, I'm like, oh no, they've already got me. They've, I already consider them kind of human.


Why are they doing? Oh my God. They tore the fucking doors off of it. Oh, they Went, went crazy. For What? Just 'cause they didn take over. It says, Oh, street takeover. Wrong place, wrong time. Wow. Had poor Waymo just in the wrong place at the wrong time. Wow. What bunch of douche bags? La This is why we can't have nice things. No. That's why LA can't have nice things. LA's a fucking so fucking gone Mad Max there. It's so gone. Yeah. But you had Rick on, does he think that it's re salvageable? Yeah, He does. Yeah. I mean, he wants to try. I mean, someone's gotta do something radical. You need some Rudy Giuliani type dude to go in there and clean the whole fucking city up like they did with New York City.


Yeah. People have to realize like Times Square right now is a giant Applebee's. Yeah. But when I, when I was a kid, when I first, when I first went to a karate tournament in New York, I was probably 18, maybe the first time I went to New York. And I remember driving in where it felt like you were entering the Death Star. I couldn't believe it. It was so crazy for me being a kid. And I was driving with my friends and we were all going to this tournament at Madison Square Garden. And as we're driving through the West Side Highway, just looking at these fucking buildings, like, you can't imagine this is real.


And we went through Times Square and Times Square was Mad Max. Oh yeah. It was Mad Max in the eighties. Yeah. I mean, it was crazy. It was all peep shows and porno booth and hustlers and people got shot there All the time. It was really crazy. We wanted to see like, what it was like, we wanted to like do one of the things that I did when I first moved to New York, which was 92. How long were you in New York? I was only in New York for three years. Okay. Really? I went back and forth for a little while, but then I, I, I stayed, I kept an apartment in New York for like the first, I guess the first year. Okay. But I never went there. I was just like, I, I had become an LA person.


Yeah. You know, I was working and, but when I first moved there, I'm like, okay, everybody says that Harlem is scary. Let me just go see what it looks like. So I drove my little fucking Honda through Harlem. I just wanted, I want, I wanted to go through all and I was like, what am I doing? Like I gotta get the fuck out of here. Like, people were just like walking in the middle of the streets. There was abandoned cars. It was fucking crazy. And then they gentrified the whole thing. And I don't know which one's better. Like now when you go there, it's all just neon lights and bad food. Yeah. And back then it was Yeah. Very Gritty. It was like, You know, taxi driver. Yeah. It was, You know, it was fucking, I was born in New York City and then my brother was born and my parents, it was 1980 when my brother was born and they were like, we're getting the fuck outta here.


It was just too, it was the eighties in New York. They had two kids and they were just like, we're out. Yeah. It was too wild. It's too wild to raise kids in some parts of it, but in other parts of it, you're just gonna raise weird kids, you know? But kids's so different. 'cause it's so spread out. And so I know tons of people there who, like the restaurant I worked at in the Palisades is gone. It wa it's, it's like ev people don't, I don't think people from LA don't understand the scope. Like the Palisades are gone Two times the size of Manhattan. It's Insane. Has Been burned to the ground. Yeah. And Altadena too. Yep. And they're, and you have like entire communities, but everyone's like still going to fucking lunch because they have to and wan No, I understand.


But it's, it, it's like a weird, I don't know. That just is, I, I all, I've said the whole time this has happened is because that was one of my big fears is exactly what happened when there would be fires there. I'd be like this, people don't recognize that LA's an island, everything comes in. Everything. Like nothing is here. And if these fires surround the city and cut it off, it's gonna be, it could have been much worse than it actually was. And it was really fucking bad. And I'm like, I would be so furious if I was still there. I would be furious with myself if I was still living in Los Angeles. Well, I think People are very furious right now. I think if it is gonna be change, it's gonna ha it's gonna have to happen while people still have the memory of this thing.


Because the more time goes on, the more the cultus can convince other cult members that they're on the right track. And these are the kind compassionate people and this is the way to do it. And this is the only way. And blue, no matter who, and vote blue, blow blue and everyone like to protect the trans kids. And next thing you know, the same shit happens. Do you Think though people didn't know where they just insulated? Yeah. The superD, a lot of people have left because they saw the writing on the wall. But there's, think about how many people are in Hollywood in Los Angeles? What is that? Like 9 million in LA County or something? Or 12, maybe 12, Whatever the number is. The, there's a giant percentage of those people that live there that are connected to the entertainment business.


And if you're connected to the entertainment business at the very top of the business, it's people auditioning for things and you have to get liked to get the thing. So you get these immensely insecure people that are usually narcissists and then they mold their personality to adapt to this environment that will reward them for a certain political ideology. And so that's the top of the fucking pyramid. And everything emanates down from that. If you want to be cool with Ryan Reynolds, you have to talk like a rep, a like a Democrat at the parties. You have to like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. You have to, you have to say All the things that everybody else is saying. You have to agree. We need more gun control. You know, da da da, we should defund the police.


This is bullshit. You know, you have to say these things and if you don't say these things, you don't get to be a part of the group. Yeah. And so there's this like, intense pressure to conform to this singular ideology that's been running things. It's not a battle back and forth between two of like 50, 50 opposing viewpoints. It's like 90 10. Right. Even do you think even though like the crew, because when I would be on That's The 10. Yeah. Yeah, that's the 10. The, the crew is have is the people have, they're hardworking, normal. Yeah. Blue collar people. Yeah. Yeah. They're normal. Yeah. There's a lot of the crew people, we're very Republican, you know, they all live in fucking Or Santa Clarita or something like that. Yeah. And they're dudes who just like working class guys, like Most working class people.


Yeah. Yeah. Most people that are actually working class realize that it's all bullshit. It's a hustle. This was the big disconnect that I, so if you were, if you were somebody who is gonna like, fix the Democratic party, which seems to be imploding, what would you tell them to do? You have to be fiscally conservative. You have to fiscally conservative responsible with your money. And then socially liberal, that's what you have to do. But they have been socially liberal. Right. They just went So can Yeah. Real far. But they didn't, it's not liberal to allow biological males to compete against biological females in sports because you're being kind, you're just enabling mental illness and you're enabling the potential for creeps to make their way into women's locker rooms.


Right. Because you don't have any sort of a metric. There's no way to gauge whether or not someone's really trans. So you have perverts with hard dicks that are wandering around women's locker rooms. I know. And that's real. And then you No, I know. And if you say something against them, you're a Nazi. Yeah. So it's fucking through the looking glass. Yeah. Like completely. But it just shows you how it's really just about con conforming to an ideology. It's not about a real core set of standards and beliefs. Because the course that are standards and beliefs, and this is where like things like USAID come into play. They can be manipulated, they can be manipulated by a mass p siop that you do through the media. And that is the core thing of this.


What we're getting to is essentially the fucking coffin where the vampire sleeps and that's what USAID is. They found the coffin, you know, and maybe that coffin does hand out sandwiches in Guatemala or something. Occasionally. But for the most part what they're doing is they're controlling the entire federal government and they're controlling the mindset, the zeitgeist of the population. And they're funding all these people that go along with this wacky shit. And they're attacking, they're openly attacking and trying to censor people who go against it. Yeah. And they're spending your tax dollars to do so. Yeah. Your tax dollars get funneled to NGOs. NGOs start attacking people that have differing ideologies. Yeah.


Usually. And, and but they did become so disconnected from the average person. Yeah. That, that my advice would be to, you know, they say like, oh, normies did, this is one of the things I'm hearing online. Like, normies did didn't vote for this. What Elon's doing with those six? Like, I need a, a movie about what these kids are doing by the way, they, they didn't vote for this. I'm like, yes, they did. Nor Normies didn't vote for You're saying Normies wanted normalcy. So they voted for Trump. Like that doesn't even, people knew what they were getting. They want something to happen. You have to rip the bandaid off. And the only way to rip, rip the bandaid off someone's gotta get into those fucking books and find out what's going on.


And what they've found so far is very enlightening. Yeah. And it's not good. It's not good at all. So anybody that's not commenting on the, Hey, you know what, they are finding a lot of unbelievable waste and corruption. Yeah. But also he shouldn't be able to do that. Like you're, you're, they're not even saying he's finding insane waste and corruption and he's finding this circular loop of funding and he's finding this manipulation of public perception on a wide variety of issues, including COVID vaccines and the border, all these different things. They, they were actively involved in mindfuck the entire country and no one's addressing that from the left. So they're losing more and more credibility.


Yeah. So all they can clinging to is he has access to people's social security numbers and private information. Like really that it, Who doesn't, by the way, The whole government does by the way. But he's saying that he, is he gonna do something bad with it? Like what is he doing? What what he's doing is uncovering insane corruption. That should be the primary thought Yeah. That everybody has is, oh my God, we have this enormous deficit, but spending is completely outta control and look what it's being spent on because this is the first time we're ever getting a fucking peek into the coffin. Yeah. We didn't, we didn't know. We're like, we see it, it's in the dark room. We hear the, the fucking organ. We didn't know what was in the coffin. Yeah.


Now we do. And I do it. It is, I do think you have to like salt the earth too, where All the DEI stuff is. They're like, oh, they're getting, they're going too far and blah. I'm like, no, you gotta root this shit out. It needs to be gone. Like, yeah. There's too many hustles. 'cause like you said, it is an ideology, so it's harder to kind of change the minds of people who have been indoctrinated with this and colleges and schools. But get it out of the institutions saying that you like that there should be male or female on a passport is not like, that shouldn't be something that's fucking mind blowing. Did you see that D NNC meeting where they were talking about gender rules? Oh yeah. But this is what I mean. But they can't even do their own math, haven't they?


They're trying to figure out like, we have one non-binary and one, one identifies as male. We have to have two identify as this. It's frustrating as someone who came from the left, all of this was left wing stuff. Like we wanted on the left accountability, we wanted to look into the budget. We, at some point in the nineties, that was something that was pretty standard and popular bipartisan to like not want to be a trillion dollars in debt. Yeah. And have your dollar devalued. And then you're like, oh, surely they're gonna learn from this election. And I then you see the DNC chair nominations. They have a parade of like basically nonsensical land acknowledgements what you're talking about.


Like land acknowledgements. Land acknowledgements are my favorite two. And then elect two basic bitch white boys. Yeah. David Hogg. Yeah. This is the, this is what you've learned from. Also, if you don't want the mail vote, that's the guy, when that guy has his arm up in the air, his arm literally looks like that ancient guru that keeps his one arm in the air for like 80 years. And his arm is shriveled up into the stick. That's what it looks like. He's like, fight like, bro, you're not fighting shit. This is so crazy. I know. I love how they're like, we lost the mail vote. We need to do some reflection. And then this is, this is a, this is what I don't understand.


He's gonna talk The talk. I don't get it. It feels, it feels strange to me. That feels, that feels like I I feel like you would've learned from this election. No, you had, because the other thing that they're doing is saying, this is an unelected shadow government running. I'm like, who the fuck do you think was running the government for the last four years when we had pudding brain in there? Yeah. Like, it wasn't him, we all knew that he couldn't even do like field questions until he was pumped with drugs after a certain, like, how can you say Elon's pretty transparent. You know, he is not like hiding things. He's trying to shine light on things.


It's just not their side. So their side is good. Not their side is bad. You can, which is why they're not looking how get past this. You don't, it has to crumble. You have to watch these people implode. They have to double down. It has to get worse. And then more people have to abandon them. But the point where someone has to rise and it'll have to be a young person and that young person will have to be a sensible person who actually is like a real progressive who recognizes that there's a lot of fucking actual corruption and, and real problems with the system. And then there could be a lot more social programs that would help people that would make the whole world a better place. And those people have to rise and they have to be not ideologically captured. They have to be reasonable, intelligent people.


The problem is everybody comes outta universities and all these universities are captured. Right? All these universities are filled with these radical ideologies that people are indoctrinated in. You leave your parents, you don't want to fuck my parents, they're fucking, my parents are fascists. And then all of a sudden you're in school and you're like, yeah, there's 80 genders and you, you're fucking outta your mind. And then it takes years of living in the real world before it comes back around where you go, Hey, you know what, this is actually bullshit. So it's like a process that has to take place. But do you think they're still being taught this? Yes. So it's, It's unquestionably without a doubt they're being taught this Because so much of DEI and All the stuff that they're dismantling is basically an entire industry that was created for all of these people with these useless degrees and nonsense education Yes.


To have a job. And They got All the way to Harvard, the top of Harvard. Yeah. Yeah. Which is wild as a plagiarist got to be the president of Harvard. The, it didn't matter if it made sense, it matter if it felt, if it fit the narrative. I think this election too was, I was like, oh, I don't know, this could go badly. When I put out that like, you know, like I put out that I was voting, I'm like, well, I like, I could whatever. You can get canceled. I maybe, but I had to be honest. But I still, I mean, one of the clips that like came from the show is when we were talking about there being a red wave. Yeah. And it was right before the midterms. And I, people for years were like, oh, guess you were wrong about that.


And it's like, we weren't really wrong. We were perceiving something that was happening. I think it just happened in the general, it didn't happen in the midterms. No. You had people who, like, people were still coming outta covid by the way, Way way less people vote in the midterms. And you had people like trying to get their lives back together after being locked up for two years or whatever. Yeah. They were just like stumbling out of the covid years. Our kids couldn't talk like, Yeah, we were right. We're defending ourselves. We were right. We were just a little off in timeline. No, We were wrong about that for sure. But I do think, But we were right about the general, well, I, I Think that red wave happened. It's Been something I I think like for All the shit that lots of people get, there's, there has been like wave after wave after wave of people leaving the Democratic party.


You know that I'm still seeing it online. Someone just yesterday posted some video And it was like, I'm done with you. I was like, how are you guys still shedding people? How Are you still, they're gonna keep shutting people. This isn't, they're not gonna correct course. This is a, this is a, You know, this is a buffalo drop. Do you know those buffalo jumps? No. You know what those, the Native Americans used to, one of the ways to hunt buffalo was to get them to the edge of a cliff and just run at them and they just fall off the edge, edge of the cliff. And then people be waiting on the bottom and they butcher 'em and eat 'em. Okay. We're, we're in that pile of buffalo. We're all being run off the Cliff. Yeah. They're gonna Gopuff the cliff. There's, there's no way They're not Yeah, they're not course correcting at all.


You know, they're saying stupid shit. It's, it's all nonsense. I don't like they, they, their understanding of social media and the dynamics that you set up by having completely state controlled mainstream media where they only said the narratives that you guys wanted. They all said it in step. So you could watch different programs. Repeat the exact same words, exact same phrases. We know they got talking points. Yeah. We don't trust you anymore. We don't trust the New York Times. We don't trust the Washington Post. We don't trust CNN or any of the M-S-N-B-C, but they're all full with propaganda. Yeah. And so that's why the internet rose. It's not because there was some sort of a fucking right wing conspiracy and heavily funded No, you guys suck.


You guys fucking suck. And you're not real people and you're not like, nobody wants to hang out with Brian Stelter. You know what I'm saying? There's the, none of these fucking people are people that people can actually relate to. And like, So much of it was bullshit too. Like I didn't really understand media when I first came into media. I'd always been like in Hollywood and comedy and then ended up in media. One of the first parties I was ever exposed to, it was like the height of a lot of this like 2018. And it was very divided. And people were in true like, oh, Trump is like gonna ruin the world. And there was a daily beast party and Anne Coulter was there and like, people were all just hanging out shit. I'm like, these people don't fucking believe anything they're saying.


I mean, Anne probably does, but these guys don't like how, and then I would see this over and over again where people would fight and then they'd get off and they'd like all be like, see you at the play date. You know? And it's like, oh. You know? Right. There was like something very strange to me about that. Where so much, do you Remember that old cartoon where there was the sheep dog and the coyote? Yeah. And they would say hi to each other in the morning and punch in and then they would fuck each other up all day. Yeah. That's how it felt. That's exactly Morning Ralph. Ralph Morning Sam. That's exactly how it felt. Yeah. Well that's what it's really like. It's pro wrestling. Yeah. You know, I mean that's one of the things that Kamala Harris said after her debate with Joe Biden where she, she called, she believed Joe Biden's accuser that, you know, he had sexually assaulted some woman.


Remember that? She said she believed it and this and that. And then they asked her about it on Colbert. She's like, it was a debate. It was a debate. And they're laughing. Of course, Of course. It's just a debate. Now you're his fucking vice president. This is so nuts. So you said you think the guy's a rapist and now you think he's awesome to run the country and you're you're so proud of him. We did it Joe. Like this is crazy. Yeah. Like we can't trust you If you're willing to do that for a debate. Yeah. That Your debate should be what you really think, you should say. I don't know what happened. I, You know, I don't know what happened. It's a very troubling accusation. But Of course, I don't know what happened for you to say that you believe it just because you want to win.


Now all of a sudden I have to say, well, I don't know if I can trust you about foreign policy. I don't know if I can trust you about the economy. I don't know if I can trust you about censorship and the, the need for a social credit score or all these different things. Like what, what is the real person behind the, these actions Is is are you entirely motivated by money and influence? Because that seems like a lot of 'em. It's It's upsetting to me though because it, even though it's like, we can see it's like wrestling and some of these people are full of shit and they're all buddies and whatever, like hanging out at Park City or hanging out wherever they hang out. Like the real people are. I see how like broken some of the Elon thing recently.


Really it was like a whole new wave of people who were like, I don't know if I can talk to you. I've managed to survive like eight years of the culture war. It's still maintaining pretty Okay. Relationships with even the most staunch liberals in my life. And the Elon thing for some reason, you know, the the hand gesture. Oh, the Hitler thing. Yeah. God, it like, put people over the edge and they were like, I can't, I don't know if I can, you know, be friends with a Nazi apologist. And like, I'm like, how have I made it this far? But I just, I legitimately feel bad because the media has told these people that there was lit, this was literally Hitler for many, many years. And then he's up there shaking hands with Obama.


There's, you know, Joe Biden, they're all up there. It's a peaceful transfer of power. Like if this, Have you seen the KA one? They're Very confused. Have you seen the Kamala one doing the Hile Hitler? No. You haven't seen it. Yeah. I'll send it to you, Jamie, if you haven't seen it. It's, look, a lot of people do. That gesture, that gesture is from my heart to you. It's, that's what it is. It's just, you really shouldn't do that. If you are, you know, if you're standing on a stage and you have an angry look in your face, I was joking too, like, what if it was just this kind of autism and he did it and then in his brain he is like, oh shit, that looked like a Nazi salute. And then he did it. Like, if I do it again, then it won't, and then it's just this cascading freak out. And he is like, from my heart, I love you.


Boy, apple made it like real weird finding things now they, they keep messing with this fucking interfaced. You're Like, I can't, I can't search Kamala Nazi salute on Apple anymore. I know I have it and I know it's good. Let me find it. You fuck heads. I haven't seen it. Oh, it's wonderful because Usually it's just a picture and then they show the context. And it's not really actually that. No, no, no. This is great. Of course it's not that, Of course the context is not that. But here this is, this is, I'm sorry. This is a OC. Oh, okay. Have you seen this one? I haven't seen this one. Gimme The, the volume.


Everybody Does that move? Everybody Does Tim Waltz did that move? Yeah. Kamala Harris did that move? They all did that move. Yeah. I mean, when you're announcing people to a stage. Thank You. Thank you. I love you. Love You. But but here's the problem. When you're, I just wrote a column about this. Like when, when it is the boy who cries Nazi, You know, the nerds who cry Nazi for all these years. Like it does end up running cover for Nazis, You know. Oh, 100%. 100%. That's part of the real problem. There was one actual real Nazi that I was following for a while on, on Twitter. I didn't even have to follow them. I clicked on the links a bunch of times and then it just started showing up in my feed. I'm like, okay, good. Now I don't have to follow you.


Right. I could see this insanity. Right. It was crazy. Well it's, I, that's why I love free speech. 'cause you're like, I would rather see this. Look, X has porn, hardcore porn. Oh, I know. I mean, it has everything. You Have to watch it on X now 'cause you can't watch it on, you can get A porn Hub. No, It's all very weird. Thank you Ilan. It's all very, very, very weird. No, it's, it's a, it is a very, very strange time for people to try to figure out what's real and what's not. And you're not gonna get a good roadmap from your leaders. You're just not. But you're, and I don't think like it's, we're not like, I've been joking. Like we are the fake news now. You know? Yeah. You say that today because what did they po That was the video, right?


Oh yeah, the fake Video. Yeah. You wrote We are the fake news now because It, I mean Because that was fake news. We're Just in as, as susceptible to sharing stuff. That's not true. Oh yeah. I think there's a big difference between a massive organization being influenced with talking points by a government and corporations to present something versus an idiot sharing, you know, propag propaganda without knowing it. But we, I do, I do wonder like how you, how you have, You know, I was talking to someone like, is there a way to, I think you have to just like pause. You know, I assume everything is fake.


That's my default. I think you start from there and then you try and do your detective work. Yeah. I, this is my thing. Oh my God. Is that real? That doesn't seem real. No. Let me see if that's real. And then I check Yeah, You assume, but That's something over time before, and when I was younger, I'd be like, I want that to be real. So that's gotta be real. Right. Right. That's a problem. Well, that's how my husband kind of taught me to evaluate everything that I get from the media. He's, he's like, I, I look at something and I go, do I want this to be real or not real? And if so, why? Yes, that's right.


That's like if you start there. Yeah. You have a chance. That's me with UFOs. Ah, that's the, that's my whole FO take. 'cause I clearly, I want them to be real so bad. I want them to be real so Badly. Okay. I on my desk here, I want 'em to be real so bad. But the more I'll fucking look into it, the more I don't believe the more Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think a lot of it is horse shit. A lot of it. But also maybe some of it's real, It's so unsettling to think that we're the only things out there for me that I wanted to. It's like, that can't be surely It doesn't seem like it even makes sense that that's true. So I don't think that that's true.


But I, I do not know if we've been visited. But I think a lot of it is bullshit. I think it's not just bullshit. I think it's probably government coordinated bullshit. I think there's probably sightings that are mass PSYOPs where they're trying to see, see how people react to things. I think there's probably crafts that the United States is in possession of that Absolutely. Look like UFOs. I think there's probably propulsion systems that they use for drones that are infinitely more advanced than we currently think. The state of the artist. Right. And so they'd say, oh, it's ufo. Yeah. And it's really their technology. But that doesn't account for the sightings that occurred when it was impossible for that technology to exist. Right. That doesn't take you back to like 1950s with Kenneth Arnold, where he saw those flying discs moving through the sky, which is where the term flying saucer came from.


'cause it was like saucer skipping across the lake. And what about All the people kind of all over the world who have experienced like a similar thing? And and why do All the drawings always look the same? Is that just collective conscious people have seen one and then they think that, or is it, you know, how they always look? There's a lot of possibilities. Like aliens, There's a lot of possibilities. And another possibility is that the world's not real. And we're in a simulation. Yeah. There's something Maybe not, maybe saying the world's not real is not the best way to put it. It Makes me so like, I wanna crawl outta my skin. Maybe the best way to put it is that it's not real the way we think it's real. Like there's real consequences to your actions. There's, there's real physical laws that exist in the, the experience that you are having as a conscious creature moving through this world.


But this world's not totally solid All the time. It's solid when you interact with it. There's a, the, the rest of it is vague and weird and, and malleable and that it's constantly changing. And that you, you wake and sleep and wake and sleep and assume that every time you wake up, you're, you're in the same exact area, the same space. The environment looks the same, but it might be a completely different dimension. There might be intertwined realities that are constantly experiencing itself over and over and over again. And then there also might be other dimensions that higher beings have the capability of traversing that we don't.


And that all these things are, they're, they're happening simultaneously with the actual creation of an artificial reality. Seems real. Which is Happening too. It seems so Real. Yeah. It all seems so real. But it also seems fake. Right? There's some, well, More and more There's like, I'm sure You know the whole Baron Trump story, You know the, the, the, the ancient books that talked about a guy named Elon is gonna go to Mars. No. You never saw about that. No. It is so crazy that even Elon saw that. He was like, is this real? Like, how is this real? What is it from 1853? Why does this have to do with Baron Trump? Because it's about a, a guy named Baron Trump and his, his guru is named Don.


Yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. His mentor, Mentor his name. I feel I like saw something like this. And I was like, this Baron Trump's marvelous underground journey. What is this? It's like an old, It's a book from who wrote it. It is from 1893. 93. Nearly forgotten. Barron Trump's marvelous underground journey blends a science fiction and fantasy in a story told by little Barron Trump an aristocrat boy. There You go. That's what he is. Who sets out from Castle Trump, which is where he lives to discover a world within a world that he read about in the 15th century manuscript celebrated thinker and philosophy. He learned Spaniard Don from Don Don, his guy Don Yeah. Joined Barron Trump and his faithful dog and companion.


Bulger they set off at Northern Russian search was portal subterranean. But there's also the other thing, they go back to Castle Trump. There's the other thing about Werner von Braun. So Werner von Braun, who was the head of nasa, wrote a novel, a fictional novel about a guy named Elon that takes us to Mars. Yeah. So there's like parts of reality that don't seem real. Yeah. They seem like, like a, like a wink, like an Easter egg. Like someone is like winking at you. Oh Yeah. Through the simulation. I'm just like an extra in the simulation, You're a part of it.


It's your version of it that you are going through. You are, you are the person who's experiencing your world. I just don't know if your world and my world are exactly the same. Right. Well, No, I think they're bubbles. I think they're bubbles. And I think the way you interface with the world changes the what, what your bubble consists of. Okay. Yeah. And I, I think it's all very, it's very weird. I don't think it's as simple as that rancher lady thinks when she gets up and feeds her chickens. I think that's her world, right? That's her world. But I think the, the universe itself and how we interact consciously with it and All the things around us, I think it's squirrely.


Mm. I think it's real squirrely. And I think every now and then the universe shows us something like this fucking Werner Vaughn Braun book where you go, what e what the, even the name Elon and Mars. Like what are the fucking odds? And then it turns out that Elon was actually named by his father when his father read that book. Oh, Okay. Which is even but no, even crazier. Yeah. Because how, what is the odds? Your son's gonna be the guy who goes to fucking Mars? My d my daughter is obsessed with Mars and we, we always like know All the planets and it's weird. I have no obsession with Mars, but she's obsessed with the stars, the planet. She can point them out at night. She's like, that's Jupiter, that's Mars, blah, blah, blah.


And we asked her one day, we said, where do, which planet do humans live on? And she said, earth and Mars. And I was like, maybe. Well, you saw the square. Yeah. That's square on Mars from that photo. Is that real photo real? Yes. That's real. That's a real, that's a real image photo. It's a real satellite image of Mars where you see a square structure, by the way, it's right down the street. It's like a hike away from Sia, the face on Mars. So it's a hike away from that thing that they saw from the, oh God. I wanna say it was like the 1970s. They sent a satellite to Mars to take photographs of the surface and they saw this thing that looked like a face. The face on Mars though, it seems like what that is is just light with shitty resolution and it looked like a face.


What's interesting more about the face on Mars. So that's the original image. Okay. See, the, the problem with that is it's just, it's not clear enough. It could be anything. Yeah. Now go to the modern images of the face on Mars. You can see them right there. It's right below. Oh see Thesla right there where just that's kind creepy. To the right. To the right. Yeah. Right there. Click on that. So that's what it actually looks like. Okay. So you can see how that just looks like a mountain. Yeah. Yeah. But what's interesting is the shape of it, the shape of it is weird. How it curves at the bottom and it's kind of equal sided and it goes up to the top and it has right angle turns. So that image of where, what that thing is, where that's located is just a small hike away from this immense square that they've discovered.


That's 200. It, they don't know exactly how big it is, but the rough estimate is somewhere around 200 meters across. What do they think it is? It's a structure. That's what I think it is. I don't think it can be anything other than a structure. What Does Elon think it is? He thought it was wild. Has he commented on it? I mean, I sent him a text message. I said, imagine if you go up there and you find evidence of a previous civilization. He's like, that is fucking wild. It's wild because that's a real square. What the Yeah. That just doesn't seem like that would exist naturally. It doesn't seem like it's naturally, it doesn't seem like it's possible for it to be a perfect square. Yeah. That's crazy that I I thought this was fake. No, no, no, no. It's real.


It's real. It's, it's very disturbing because that's, that's a fairly high resolution image. And Elon has backed a mission to Mars to go and check that out. They want to check it out. See, there's an article right there from the Daily Mail. Elon backs mission to Mars where he wants to send something up there to check it out. If you see these images like there, there, I don't think there's a chance in hell that, that's not made by someone. That seems very strange. I don't think that nature makes a square. No, I mean, But is that a rectangle or a square? I mean, what are the, it looks like, is it perfectly square? It might be slightly off. Whatever it is. It's four right angle turns that have equal lengths.


Conspiracy Theorists have likened the structure of the great pyramid in Egypt. Yeah. Conspiracy theorists is a nice way to put it. A LK. How about just people looking at it going, what the fuck Is that? I know. Why do they always call 'em conspiracy theorists? Because They're assholes. They're assholes. And they work for the Daily Mail. So it's right down the street from that area, which Is really crazy. And what do they think the base just like a, a giant stuck in the Mars Martian surface? No, I don't think anybody really thinks it's a face anymore. If you scroll up and look at that image from July, 1976, that image, what's interesting to me is not the face. 'cause I don't think it's a face, but what's interesting to me is the shape of the base of it. The shape of the base of it is weird. Yeah. It's flat on the bottom. Equal sided and domed on the top.


It looks unnatural. It doesn't mean it's unnatural. There's a lot of shit that looks unnatural in nature that is actually natural. But not squares that giant square where it looks like building, building There was building a civilization there. Yes. Well, the thing is, Mars had a real atmosphere. Mars had. Right. Mars has liquid water. Right. We know it does. And at one point in time they think that Mars was capable of sustaining life. So if you imagine the planets over time get further and further away from the sun. Right. If you go back a billion years, how much closer was Mars to the sun? Right. And what was the temperature like? And what was the atmosphere like?


Yeah, there the, there's people that believed that the initial civilization escaped Mars and came to Earth. Oh. What about the moons of Jupiter? Well, there's one Europa Or Something. Yeah. Europa. That's solid ice. And they think underneath that. Well the, the, the surface is solid ice and they think underneath that is liquid water. Okay. And liquid water's capable of supporting life. So it's possible, especially when you see like those thermal vents that they find in the bottom of the ocean that sustain some form of life. There might be some form of life inside the oceans of Europa. Are you joking about all this stuff? No. No. I'm not joking about Mars. That image, it sounds, I Mean, really crazy. I mean like, are you joking about it on state?


Sometimes. Sometimes. I used, I used to have this whole bit about Mars, but there, there's places in America that you can't live to, like go to Death Valley. Look around sucks, right? Yeah. No one lives here. Like that's 'cause it sucks. Get outta here. You don't, you're not gonna fix that and you're gonna go fix Mars. I mean, like, the whole, whole planet has no air. Yeah. No. It's not appealing to me at all. Some people I, you watch these documentaries and they're like, I think of Mars like my second home and yeah, I wanna go live there. I'm like, it sounds horrible. And they also think They're a cat. I'm also, I'm, I'm also a fox kin Space just feels claustrophobic to me even though it's vast. And, and like, until you can build things that make it feel a little more like I just am.


Like, I don't wanna get in a tube and like go live in a Do you watch silo? No, I haven't watched it. I love silo. This is good. I love anything that's like post apocalyptic show where people are living in, in a, in a wasteland in some weird, and they're underground and all these silos and they all have to live. And there's the people at the bottom and it's really, but it's like definitely are like, they've never seen the sun, they've never seen the sky. You know, it's like they've had an alternate history that's been kind of told to them. Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. That's all possible. Yeah. That's like a post nuclear world. The, like, when the AI gets smart and nukes us all.


Yeah. But how are we gonna get vitamin D down there? It's not good. They have like plants and trees and you'll Vitamin D from plants. Yeah. It's, I, I don't know. Do you are now that you like burned the boat and all of your stuff, are you just kinda having fun rebuilding? What do you mean? Like, You, now that you just like did all your material. Oh, standup Wise. Yeah. Just having fun. Yeah. Just trying to come up with a new hour and fucking around. It's so fun. Yeah. It's, you know, it's a weird time for comedy, Do you think? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well, it's a really good time for comedy. Well, Yeah, for I feel like it's a great time. Much. Yeah. There's so much information. But it's a weird time too because, you know, like the, the center of comedy has now moved to Texas.


That's awesome. So that's weird. That's a crazy thing. Yeah. That's your fault. And it's also moved online, which is also a crazy thing. Like the, the main promotional aspect of comedy is now online. I heard Jesse Neck talking about this, about being like a Clips comic. Like he was, he was, I saw a clip of him going around talking about being Eclipse comic and how, how ironic. Yeah, it was very meta. It was. But he was talking about how before people would recognize him, like in the old ways, and now people rec rec, it's like a different, he said it's like a different level of fame from when he was famous before just for standup. Now he's like the Cliffs guy. But I think like everyone's, that's like everyone, right?


It's Just a different medium. It's all it is. I've talked to a Just, I mean, it's no different than you being on some Comedy Central show. It's just way more impactful. I've talked to a lot of people about how the, like videos, the, the, you know, the like, crowd work videos have changed crowds. Oh, People wanna chime in now. Crowds think they're helping you by chiming in. Yeah. And so it's like actually most, 'cause it's some crazy percentage of people who have never been to a comedy show at, at a comedy show. Like a very high percentage of people have never been to a comedy show at every comedy show. Isn't that weird? It's, it's like quite high. Interesting. Right. And so, so they're accustomed to seeing like, Like the crowdwork Stuff stuff.


Yeah. Yeah. And so they think they're actually helping you by heckling so that you can get your, I Don't think they think they're helping you. I think they want to be heard. They wanna be a part of it And they want, that's the way they get in. I'm helping you just wanna chime in. Yeah, I just, I saw some video clip of some lady losing her shit on some guy in the audience. Oh, I saw this. Yeah. It's very weird. And everyone's like, this is amazing. It's not Really amazing. I was like, it seems like upsetting. It's also not very well handled. Like the, the whole experience is not expertly. It's, there's not a lot of humor in there. You know, people Love it. They're like the Yeah.


The, that This is comedy. It's subjective. I guess some people look at that, that, Right. Well that's not comedy. That's just talking people talking. Yeah. And you know, one person with a microphone and power and one person in the audience, it's like challenging that and give me the microphone and it's fuck you. And you know, you're Being shit. It's wild. Like the Clipse thing, the clips are are like feeding, feeding. The algorithm is fricking, it's such a crazy thing to me. Well that's with everything, right? Clips from podcasts are way more popular than the podcast themselves. Yeah. So many clips go viral on, you know, X And you know, do You think tiktoks gonna be banned? No. No, no. Keep it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think so. The fucking president uses it.


I met the fucking CEO of TikTok when I was at the inauguration. What was that like? Like being in Satan's balls Where Just going to the actual fucking Inauguration, The actual H house of government being in the actual buildings where all this stuff gets done. It's very, very strange. How long were you there? Couple days. And so you went to the like some of the balls. The balls, yeah. Was it like Hunger Games? Like what? It's like really rich entitled people that donated a lot of money and they, they just like jump in front of you to take pictures with you. They don't care who you're talking to.


They don't care. Everybody was like super pushy. It's all very transactional. Everybody needs to get on your podcast and needs to talk to you about a thing. And you have to get this per, and it's like everything's exhausting and everybody's wealthy. So, and they're also, they spent a lot of money to get there. Like a lot of those people, they donated like a million dollars. Holy shit. So it's like tons of pe, thousands of people donated a million dollars Just to be there. Just to be There. And they're all fucking just super enthusiastic because their team just won. Right. You know, and it's the inauguration of the president and kid rock's there and everybody was going crazy. And it was fun for a while. It was me and Tony Hinchcliffe and Theo Vaughn and Lex Logan Paul was there.


Oh yeah, I saw that. And Jake Paul. And we were all having a good old time. We were laughing and having fun and then too many people just started swarming us. Mm. And then it was just like, you're dealing with like 10,000 people in this room and you can't move, you can't go anywhere. Right. And it got crazy. You couldn't have a conversation. You, you, you had to just try to get out of there. Was the inauguration like moving? Was it, did you, Fascinating. Was it weird to be part of All the like, oh, pump and Oh yeah. It was very weird. Very, very. Were you in the main Oh, I was on the stage. Oh, you I was in the fifth row. Oh. I was like Right there. I was unaware. Yeah. Looking at Lauren Sanchez's tits.


Yeah. I could have thrown a pebble and hit Hillary Clinton in the head. Oh yeah. They were right there. It was weird. It's first of, it's weird watching like Bill Clinton walk into a room. You're like, he's real. That's him. Yeah. All the shit that guy's escaped and there he is right there on Tv. Hey, how you doing? Good to see you. Good. Emotions. Weird. It's weird. It's weird. It's weird seeing those people and then it's, you know. Right. Whenever I'm in situations like that, I'm like, how do they, why are they letting me in here? They, they should know better. I thought of that a little, but you know, it's cool. It was weird. Yeah. You don't, you only get to be at one of those maybe once in your life if you're really lucky.


Especially that one which was indoors. 'cause it was insanely cold outside. Yeah. Yeah. That seems like probably better. Oh yeah. Cold For security. It was cold as fuck outside too. Definitely better for security. But it was very cold outside and windy and shit. And is It weird to be like, I don't know it, I was looking at All the people up there And it was just, it seems like it's so much, I don't know. It seems like it's, it's just like, is everyone kissing the ring? Does it feel kinda like a, you know what I mean? Is it, is it like a, I don't know. It, does it feel kind of gross or is it, was it like cool? Well, it feels strange, right?


It feels strange that it's real. It also feels strange that we're, we're standing up. 'cause there's a standing ovation every like 15 seconds. Yeah. We're gonna turn the Gulf of Mexico and the Gulf of America and we're all standing up. Fuck yeah. We're gonna do that. It was fun watching George Bush America. George Bush was the only guy clapping. He was having a good time. All the other presidents looked deeply disturbed. Yeah. Kamala Harris had this, like, this motherfucker look on her face the entire time. Like, she sat there like this the entire time. Well, I mean, very Upset, Obviously. Well, also he's talking about how bad they sucked and She lost And they're right there. And just to sit there. And she's sitting right next to Biden, who's, Who's not there.


Looks he's just gone. Yeah. Yeah. And then behind them is Obama and George w it's That's Wild, man. Yeah. I was like, I hope there's like a, You know, what's that called when there's like the extra person or whatever the, the designated survivor? I'm like, Yeah. 'cause they're All the, there's A lot of people you could really fuck America up right now. You know? One Bomb. Yeah. Yeah. I think they're aware of that. I think there's probably steps taken to make sure that the skies are clear. Yeah. But it's very strange, but also kind of exciting. 'cause like, if he really does get to do all this stuff, like if we really do see radical change, it seems like that's what's happening. And if Bobby Kennedy really does get in, and if Tulsi Gabbard really does get in, like, this is a crazy time.


Yeah. This is like an unprecedented cabinet of people that are kind of unified and all know each other. They're all friends, you know? And, and it's also kind of bipartisan. Like RFK Junior brought, it's, he brought so many people over. I know so many people who were not gonna vote for Trump, but then when he kind of brought RFK junior over, they were like, all right. Yeah. I mean, if he's there and tulsi too. Yeah. They they're they're, they were Libs. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't, I don't know that that must have been pretty I I It's bizarre. It's bizarre. It seemed like, I was like, that must be so surreal to be there. 'cause it was surreal to watch it. Just like, when you think about the fact that he nearly got killed, like the whole sequence of events that led to that moment.


Yeah. What the debate where he just like fell apart all, and it just was surreal to watch. So I was wondering like, that must be pretty bonkers to be there. And then He, he should have seen Biden his face the entire time. Like this, like, he looked upset. Like, almost looked like he was gonna cry at one point in time. He looked so upset at the whole, I think he thinks he could have won. Do you have any fears about it? Like what about the er Oh, the, the Gaza thing? Yeah. The Ri Riviera of the Middle East. You did such a good impression. No, I thought that could, it's, yeah. I mean, what's the alternative to that happening?


What's all they're saying? No, US military will be there. The United States is gonna clean it up, rebuild it, give it to the Palestinians, make it safe. Oh, okay. Get rid of Hamas. I mean, the thing is, what Palestinians want is a state. Yeah. They want their own state. And this is like a step sort of away from that. Yeah. Now it'll be that section of the, that area is now controlled by the United States. What the fuck? And Greenland, don't forget Greenland. The, the question is like, what's the better option? Like, give it to Hamas. What's the better option? Give it to the Palestinians and they give it to the Islamic State. Like, who, who gets it? I'm not smart enough for any of this. Also, how did it, you let it happen in the first place?


Like what, how did this administration let them just bomb the fucking shit out of all those people? Yeah. And blow up an entire city to the point where you, you could even feasibly say that you'd rebuild it. 'cause it's not like, before this had happened, if anybody had ever said the United States is gonna go into the, to the, to Gaza and completely rebuild it and make it the United States, everybody like, fuck you. You need to give that to Palestine. But once you blow it up, you're like, well, I guess there's nothing left. Like people are pushing back against it. Yeah. Some, a lot of people are upset, but not as upset as they would if they didn't blow it up. Oh, that's weird. Yeah. 'cause it's, it's weird. It's, I, Yeah, It's, it's horrible.


And we've just accepted the fact that this is what Israel did And, you know, for 1200 people and 250 hostages, they killed 60,000 people. Is that the actual number? Or is that, whos a moss number? I Don't know what the number is. Yeah. I mean, what's the current number of people that are dead in, in Gaza right now? It's such a weird thing too, because Israel, I feel like, has to like not win a war, which is a weird thing where they have to, like, they're in a position where they, they Already won the war. I mean, what war? Yeah. There's one army. There's one army and some terrorists. It's like Bill Hicks joke about Iraq. Like it's only a war when there's two armies fighting. They're like, well, bill Iraqs the fourth largest army. He goes, yeah, well after the top two is a huge drop off.


Yes. He's like, the Salvation Army is number three. I don't want there to be war. I think most people agree on that. Of course. But also, we don't live in Israel. Right. We don't have to live with the Iron Dome because missiles are being shot into your city and you watch 'em explode up in the sky because your military has these rockets that shoot up in the sky and missiles that take these fucking missiles out. Yeah. I think about like, if it was my daughter that was like, in some tunnel, I would be like, yeah, there'd be no lengths. Well that's, You know, I know that's very, like this, the theory selfish of me, but that is on a personal level. I'm like, I can't even imagine how I would feel in that situation as a parent.


Of course. Well, that's the deepest conspiracy theory about why it happened in the first place is 'cause Netanyahu was losing power and people were protesting against him in the streets. And what better way to get everybody on your side than to allow an attack to take place? That's the, the darkest of the false flag conspiracy theories. I Have a lot of people that I know who now think nine 11 was an inside job after October 7th. Oh, Jesus. Isn't that crazy like that? They're like, well, if they would do it here, they would do it. Like why wouldn't they do it in America? It's been like this kind of reverse leap. Yeah. Well, anytime you have a big tragedy like nine 11, you're always gonna have a bunch of wild theories.


But some of them are interesting, you know, like you, you're supposed to dismiss them all because they're conspiracy theories. But Tower seven is like, explain that. I can't, I have, I have people in my life who are, are very much like true. I think truthers, I think about this. That's A weird one. That's a weird one. What's the conspiracy around Tower seven? Just how did it, why did It Well it come, it collapses like a controlled demolition completely into its base. No building's ever done that before without being a controlled demolition. And it doesn't have All the signature aspects of a controlled demolition.


Like if you ever watch, like when they blow up one of them Vegas casinos. Yeah. Super obvious. It goes Bang, bang, bang, Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. And it all collapses. It doesn't have that. But it does have something similar in that the effect is the same. So is it possible to do that without having it the way the casinos do it? Is there only one way to have a controlled demolition of a building? Or is it possible that just immense diesel fires weaken the structure uniformly in such a weird way that it collapsed Pancake pancakes. Exactly like a controlled demolition. But it's just the result of this. It's a coincidence. Yeah. They had diesel generators in the basement of that thing, and the whole fucking inside of it was on fire.


So when you see it on the outside, you're only seeing like a little bit of fire and some holes. But the entire inside of it was in flames. We're living in a simulation. Maybe that, maybe that's another wink, you know, maybe that's another fucking, We didn't have social media though, thank God. Right. During that. Can you imagine? No, but we did have plenty of people that were questioning it once they saw it on television. 'cause you saw it on tv and you're like, what is that? Yeah. How does it do that? Do you Remember Seeing, but that wasn't even hit by a plane. Like, Do you remember seeing the skyline the first time you went to New York? Oh, without the Twin Towers. I don't think I actually saw it. I, We, I took It. I went back in 2001. I was there in 2001. Yeah, maybe 2002. It was probably like a couple of months after September 11th.


I took a train in November in, in, and because I took the train in, I always used to take this train in from Rhode Island where I was. And I was like, like the, I just, it was so jarring seeing they were so part of that. They Were so huge. Yeah. And Just part, you just took it for granted. That was the like landscape. And it was, it, I'll never forget it, how darn It was. I thought it was weird too that when they rebuilt it, they didn't make it as tall. Why didn't they? I don't know. It's only one building now. It's not two. I know. And it's not as tall. Like it's pretty tall. But they didn't get crazy. Then we're gonna make the biggest fucking building the world's ever seen. You'd be like a middle finger to the world.


Yeah. If Trump was there. But we're gonna have two buildings on the side and one right up your ass. You know, like, it's, it's like, fuck you. So it looks like that. It it, oh it is. It's smaller. It's smaller than the original buildings. I do wonder, like I just, I'm so curious about what it's gonna be like for our kids. Yeah. That's what it looks like now. Yeah. The Tall building in the US still though. Is it the tallest building in the us? Yeah, but it's not as tall. Right? I don't know what the height was. I think it's shorter. No, if it's shorter than a the Still the tallest, the World Trade Center wasn't the tallest building. No, not in the world. No, in the US even. Oh, it wasn't, The Sears Tower was bigger. Really? Yeah, a hundred percent.


Where's the Sears Tower? Chicago. That's taller than the World Trade Center. It was. Whoa. Now this is the tallest. I didn't know that. Yeah, The Sears Tower was the tallest building in the world for a while. So the Twin Towers were taller than the, the Sears Tower. They Were shorter. That's what were Shorter. Yeah. I don't know why you're saying that, I guess. Oh, it's the same. Oh, it has the same name as the North Tower or the original. How tall is it? Is it it is shorter though, right? Isn't it? I don't know that. See the Willis Tower was the tallest one. I remember Pierce Tower. Remember people being upset when they were rebuilding it because they, it wasn't going to be as tall. 1776.


So 110 stories was the original one. And it was, the tower was 1,350 feet high. How tall is the one now, now S 76. So it's taller. Yep. Really? Yeah. Wait a minute. Really? I don't, yep. Can I see the image again? I Don't know where else you want me to go With this. No, no, no. It's really, is it because the, the cheat with that big pole at the top? I Mean, that's a hundred. That's, they do that with all of 'em. The other one had a big pole on top too. But that isn't that to stop Lightning bolts. Some of it, some of it's antenna stuff, but Some of it's talk to aliens. Some of It's cell phone tower Information. That's okay. I'm wrong. I thought it was shorter.


Maybe. Maybe what it was saying they were saying is it's smaller because there's only one set of two. The, The Spire makes it 1776. The Spire. Yeah. How, how tall is that fucking Spire? Then the video too. I was just the spire of the World Trade Center. I never saw this. They're saying that's what made Tower seven fall. It made a gash. Oh, what, what made a gash? See The, the spire on the tower here fell and made a gash down the side and started a fire here on Tower seven. I've never seen this video, but Interesting. I was just looking through it to see what The Well that's one thing with the video that we saw. Oh, that show. Oh, look at that. Interesting. I have photos of what that I don't think they have an actual video of that happening.


Oh, There, it fell and fucked up the building. But still, still. Why didn't it just fall into that side? Why does it compress into its base? The way, the way it collapsed is like, I've never seen anybody adequately describe it, but one thing that people should know is that the top of it collapsed before the whole thing collapsed. There was the, this piece on the top. So the roof caved in first. Ah-huh. Like there, there was like, there's a smaller structure on top of the roof that imploded and went through the base. Okay. And then the whole thing went under. So it wasn't like it all went in one shot. The top of it had already collapsed and went through. God. That was at such a weird time in America.


I was thinking about how like just catatonic. I was on the couch recently just like that whole week afterwards. Right. Just nobody I know. 'cause it's weird. Like, I have family members who have kids and their kids are now, like, they were born right around that time. They were one, two years old. They've grown up. They don't, they don't remember kind of what it was like before that. And they, I don't know. I feel like the world, my, I have a friend and he's like, everything went to shit after nine 11. Everything just got shittier. Well, everything did go to shit because that's when they passed the Patriot Act. Yeah. And that's when the government really got its hooks into your information Clarification here.


New 1, 17 76, 541 meters tall. Old one with the spire. It was 1730, but was 17 or seven. 1368 without the spire. Okay. The spire adds. So without, the antenna of the building is 417 meters tall. So I think you were close. Okay. So What you were saying right there. So it's not much different though. I thought it was a lot different. Like 10 stories or some shit Is is Is, so it's 104 floors And four Basement floors and the other one was 110 floors. And I don't Yeah. How many basement floors? I Dunno. Also, it's like, how tall are the floors? You know? I hope this one doesn't, Do you think this administration's gonna try and get rid of the Patriot Act?


No. No. No. Why would they do that? I think they have that, they have those tools and power to actually, they'll, they'll use it as an excuse to go get terrorists. Yeah. But you know, 'cause you can, but haven't we all wanted to get rid of it for a long time. Yeah. Well then they have the Pat Patriot Act too, which is even more invasive. Yeah. Yeah. But people like that seems like a bipartisan thing. Somebody could get behind Maybe. But the, the real neocons will come out and say, that weakens us against our, our enemies. We need this power to be able to find terrorists and to be able to search out. I mean, that was one of the things that the Obama adminis, the Obama administration, when they passed the N-D-A-A-I go, you know, we're not gonna do it.


We're not gonna just like deten detain people indefinitely. We wouldn't do it. But the problem is, you're giving the law that law is now in the books and now the next person, what if it's a psycho? And the person after that, what if it's a psycho? Right Now you've given them power to like become a dictator. Right. You can go after their political enemies, which normal people won't do. Right. You guys don't do that. Right. I I mean, it's gonna be a wild four years I think. 'cause I, I did think that like the, I I figured, I figured, I thought maybe that people would understand that they were wrong and that like, maybe they'd gone too far.


And I was, and it seems like hysteria. I don't think people learn that good. I think people learn by having their lives ruined and getting really angry. Right. And then they change course. But I think the people that are still comfortable and still working in these environments that still clinging to these ideas, they're gonna double down and wear a pussy hat and fucking paint their hair blue protest in the streets. I've never past all this. It's so weird. 'cause I was thinking about how I've now been 10 years in the culture wars, which is not, I mean, I kind of stumbled into them. Are you a Sergeant now? What are you?


I'm not. Yeah. I'm a gen. You're are you a general? I don't know what I Am. I've been, but it, it has been a weird decade to be. I didn't wanna, I was, I think so many Normies are like me. They just got kind of forced into Yeah, for sure. Being in them. It wasn't like I, I wanted to, I was like a drunk waitress who just wanted to tell jokes. Yeah. That. And then I started writing for Playboy. And next thing I know, voting for Trump. Well, you know, as a drunk waitress, you just, you're one of us. You're a human. And humans, there's a lot of people that have opinions and ideas on things.


They're just not good at articulating it or they never learned how to articulate it. But everybody does what we do. Or everybody can do what we do. They do with their friends. They talk with their friends. Yeah. They bullshit about stuff. And you know, it's just a process of putting it out there. We've had, we've, I've had some weird YouTube strikes that, that I'd say yes, it's easy to do. Except I've had to play 10 years of a game of like outrunning sensors and like Patreon. Okay. We're there. And then we've gotta get off there because I don't wanna put all my eggs in that basket in case they go bonkers and shut it down. And then I feel like you're like, a lot of people in this space have been for like a decade out, you know?


Yeah. We're like, how are we gonna, we got like the dumbest strike on an old ad of ours And it was some something that we said. And then you have to go to like, you know, like you've gotta go to like class and get reeducated. Jamie got reeducated. What didn't you Jamie, you feel better right now. Right? What? You feel smarter now. You got reeducated for YouTube. What Did you get reeducated for? Which part of YouTube? All of it. You got reeducated? Sure. I guess. Didn't you, when we had a strike you had to do the little classes. Oh, that's what you're talking about. Oh yeah. He's like, what reeducation What? He got reeducated. He's Different now. What far He's He's learned he's better now because we told factual information about COVID-19. And So you got a strike. Yeah, It was 'cause it was like a long time ago. Oh. But, but ours is weird because it was an like a very old episode.


Yeah. So they must That's our too. They must be like trolling. I, I don't know what they're doing. They're probably just a, a using their algorithm and going after everything. And Ours literally, we said think for yourself and come to your own conclusions. Oh, that's dangerous. That was the ad. It wasn't even ours on our podcast. That's terrible. As an ad. We were doing advice for someone's podcast. Shouldn't give that advice out. People shouldn't be doing that. But this is why it's hard for people to just like, say what they want. You know? I, Well what do you think is gonna happen when you're looking at all this crazy shit right now with Doge and the uncovering of USAID and this dismantling of this bizarre left wing ecosystem that's pretty much manufactured.


Like what do you, what do you see is gonna happen with the rest of the country? I mean, look, there, there are a lot of people who did not vote for Trump. You know, the, he won and yes, he won every swing state and Half the country's a lot of people. Yeah. It's a lot of people. So, and I'm not sure how many of them, I wonder how many, so I have a couple questions. How many people didn't vote for Trump and wanted to and are secretly glad he won? I bet there's a pretty significant number of those people who either didn't vote or didn't vote for him, but wanted him to win anyway. Ari says that, Ari says that New York City is like relaxed. Yeah. It's like everybody was relaxed after the election. Like even the liberals are like, whew. Yeah. Thank God. They're like, woo.


Yeah. Like Thank you God, you saved me for myself. Yeah, Exactly. Cause it wasn God doing for us what we can't do for ourselves. Yeah. So there's that. I wonder, but then I do wonder how many of the people are, what I worry about is how much mental, this is where I get mad at the media for presenting this. Like, this is Hitler having it notched up to 11 for the past eight years. And now you've got this because he was put in, it's almost like that, that that energy has been transferred to Elon now because now did you see the Elon protests? They're protesting Elon. They're literally standing out there with signs that say, arrest Elon Musk.


Listen, I guarantee it's organized. I guarantee it's organized by the same people that are gonna lose a shitload of money based on all these discoveries at Doge. There's no way They're not, if you look at what Doge is uncovering, what they're uncovering with this USAID stuff, a lot of that stuff was organizing through NGOs, protests. They organized the attempt at getting Trump impeached. I thought you were gonna say killed. They organized the impeachment that's Come out. They also spent u USAID spent $50 million in the, on the lab. Right. That invented coronavirus. Right. Yeah. There's there's a lot of money involved in this not working. And when you have a lot of money involved, you're gonna have organized protest.


When you see protests, we all want to think protests like the 1960s. Yeah. Fight the war, man. It's like organic, like peace, love, and hippie shit. But that's not what this is. What this is is organized funded protests where someone is spending a lot of money and they're mobilizing other NGOs. They're using their access to these mailing lists and all these different things and they're putting these things together. Yeah. But do, do you think that the average liberal person, do you think that they're gonna wake up and come around? Or do you think that they're gonna be in like, agony for four years and be what if, What if it works? Like what if the the world gets safer, the country gets safer, the economy improves and they don't attack civil rights, women's rights, gay rights, all these things that everybody's worried about.


And then at the end of it you realize like, hey, maybe I was wrong. I mean, that's my question though. Are you, are they capable of that kind of self-reflection if you the Well we're saying they is if it's like one different kind, like one kind of person. No, I mean they, There's so many different people in They Agreed. I mean, when I say they, I mean people who are have bought into the idea that this person is going to make everything worse and we're going to slip into a fascist technocracy. Some of them, some of 'em are gonna slip right into it. Some of them are gonna wake up and come around. You know, it's a test. It's a test of character. It's a test of objectivity.


It's a test of introspection. There's a lot of things that are gonna happen where people are gonna have to wonder like, what was I rooting for when I was rooting for this progressive liberal government? What was I actually rooting for? Yeah. Was I rooting for war mongers who were making insane amounts of profit by funding overseas wars? Yeah. What was I word? What was I rooting for? Was I rooting for a a, a basic theft of our, our tax dollars that's gone to all these like, completely useless endeavors that were only set up as ways to pill for money or The fall of America. Yeah. You know, this, this is a weird thing to like hate your own country so much that you want it to, to fall or the, the dismantling of the life.


The kind of west as we know it. Yeah. You know, I think there is a, there is a feeling that Elon might've saved the west. Yeah, I think he Did. I feel like at least he's trying to, I Think he did. I think he did. But just by buying X, He didn't buy Twitter. But isn't it funny that he got forced into it? I think there's like something kind of viral ironic. It's because he was trying to get it at a lower price because he knew that they were bullshitting about the amount of bots. Well and then they came out yesterday and now it's profitable. Yeah. There was like a whole article about how he turned it around. Of course It's gonna be Profitable. He's smarter than you. Well he is smarter. He also knows that we are all Tapped in. Oh Yeah. I can't, I can't stop it.


I have a, I have a, I've always had a Twitter addiction. It's the thing that replaced my drinking and smoking weed. When I quit that I went right to Twitter. I was like, Elon knows none of these motherfuckers, even when they go to Blue Sky, they've all got secret accounts and they're lurking on Twitter still, or X still or whatever. You can't live in that echo chamber, that blue sky echo chamber. You can't even go on there and say there's only two genders. If you go on there and say there's two genders, they ban you immediately. They Were like eating themselves within two days over there though. But that's what always happens. That's happened with Gab too, right? Yeah. And I think some of that is not even real. 'cause I personally know comics who go on Blue Sky and just say insane leftist stuff.


Just like the most preposterous thing. Like, you know, like maybe Duncan would do. I'm not saying Duncan does it, but he might do it. But I know comics that do that just to see the reaction, how people agree with them. Like insane stuff. Oh, okay. Like my toddler, I could tell when my, my toddler was trans when they were three days old And people agree with them. Oh yeah. Jump right in. Don't you think we're all in echo chambers though? Like, like you said, how do you, how do you stay outside of yours? Drugs. Oh, That's true. That helps a lot. No, I'm kidding. You just gotta be recognized. Like you're thinking you have to have a process. What's Your process? My, I I live by the Joe Rogan School of Internetting. That is How's that? I I take all your advice. I don't read the comments and I post and ghost.


That's good. I don't like get in there and That's good. All I definitely do that. And then I think of like, what do I really think about something and why do I think about it that way? And I try to go, is it because it's self-serving? Is it because I've said it in the past that I wanna be Right. Is it, what is it? You know, like what what makes me believe what I believe? Yeah. And then, and then you have to do a deep dive in All the goddamn arguments back and forth to figure out who's right and All the logic and the ill and, and see people ignoring certain core facts. Like this is the, the, the most fascinating thing about this USAID thing to me is how people on the left are completely ignoring All the rampant obvious corruption Yeah.


And conflicts of interest in the government funding non-government organizations that in turn fund the government. Yeah. Like that's so crazy. And anybody that doesn't think that's crazy, it's like, what do you love? Money influencing everything in your daily life. Don't you think that maybe we have a problem in that we have a huge deficit and if part of our huge deficit, we're spending fucking billions of dollars every year on horse shit. Yeah. I mean that is my issue with people being like, see it, it is the like, political thing isn't right. Which is true. It's important to be accurate, but it's also like, yeah, but there's, there's this money shouldn't be spent this way. No. So just because this thing is maybe not true, you're pointing to this one thing that could be people are misrepresenting, but there's a much bigger problem.


You seem to wanna just sweep under the rug and say, oh, like you guys are just crazy for noticing all these connections. I'm, but didn't they make them stop or something? Did they freeze their ability to Yeah. Yes. They's frozen. Yeah. These kids are nuts. That guy who like trans, you know, found the scroll. How to read the scroll from Pompe burnt Weren't scrolls from Pompei Yeah. Using ai. Yeah. Yeah. No, they're wizards. Yeah. That's, that's the kind of people that you want digging into this stuff. Yeah. And that's why Elon got them. I mean, he's, he knows what the fuck he's doing. It's, it is, it's all very strange because it's, you're dealing with so many things that are happening at the same time. You have this technology that was never available before that is allowing people to freely express themselves online.


Right. And then you have this maniac billionaire who buys the biggest one and makes it the wild west again. And then you have government being exposed for what it is. So you, you have all these fucking NGOs. This web of, we talked about it yesterday, this web of 55,000 different NGOs that were supporting all these liberal causes that were all completely intertwined. And they had to use software to find that and to figure it out. Yeah. So they're, they're finding out that this is like this complicated propaganda network Yeah. That existed. Look, that's not good. No. That's not good for anybody left or right 'cause it's money. It's just money being used in a way, Not only that. Here's the thing. Like people like saying like, the $10 billion, it's only $10 billion.


Like that kind of shit. Yeah. What about the fucking people in Maui? Yeah. What what about that could have been fixed with $5 billion. The government could have said, we are going to rebuild those people's homes. Yeah. To the exact state. And even better than where they were before. It's gonna cost us $5 billion. All the money that we're sending over to Ukraine, All the money that we send to Israel, All the money we send to all these different organizations that, that work with USAID in the tune of billions and billions and billions of dollars. They could have done that. And instead of doing that, they're telling us that what we have to do is continue to fund all these programs in all these other countries that just so conveniently have a whole staff of people that's making a a, a great wage and their political capital.


Right. Is bet on all this stuff. And it all is involved with in intertwined with these NGOs and all this money they're getting. And this is the thing we have to go and help these people. We're gonna starve. They're gonna do this, they're gonna do that. What about America? Yeah. And then you have like, what about Our tax dollars going into a safety net to help people from one of the worst wildfires in, in history Or North Carolina or North Carolina. Yeah. Exactly the same thing. Yeah. Apparently none of those people have gotten any money in North Carolina. No. And they're like sleeping in fricking tents in the freezing cold. Exactly. All that could have been addressed too, the same way we address problems in other countries. So if you have this amazing slush fund that u USAID is and it's not being applied at all to the problems of America, why would you think people would support it?


Yeah. Why would we support it with our tax dollars when we know that the country's massively in debt? Well, And it's like, I, I appreciate that there are so many problems. I think people, I do feel like for the first time ever there is an actual transfer of power. Like every, every single election through my lifetime it's been, there's been All the normal fighting between the two parties and then the election happens and one party wins and then nothing changes. Yeah. And then you just keep sliding and sliding and sliding and sliding and everybody says they're gonna do something and no one does anything. And then you have fucking Elon come in like a wrecking ball and a very motivated and trump with who seems organized this time and they actually feel like they're making changes, changes that by the way American people want.


Yeah. Like the border. The border. They, they fixed the border overnight. I know overnight The looking into there, my friend Max Meyer was saying he's a very smart guy. He was saying no one with any numerical ability has ever looked into Medicare and Medicaid fraud ever. Like well there, That's what they're cracking into next. There's a lot of money there. Yeah. That is like provider side fraud where it's just inflated. And Wasn't that Sonny Holton's husband? Isn't he involved in a RICO lawsuit? Oh, I don't know About Insurance fraud that The view person. Yeah. I I have no Idea. Her husband got arrested. Oh really? Yeah. He's one of 200 people charged in some gigantic insurance fraud.


There's a lot of That. What is that? What's the actual story behind that? I'm looking Jamie's Looking Jamie's on it. He's on it. Yeah. There. But there's, so they can take a, I mean, you know how complicated it would be to try and untangle that web of where you're inflating things that people have and you're saying this is like a bad band. You see these things online where it's like a bandaid is $25,000. You know, like what fucking, Someone explained that to Me Too is that when you have a budget, say if you run an organization and has a budget Yeah. You get the money from the government and that budget's like $80 million a year. You can't spend 60 'cause then you're gonna get, get 60 next year you have to spend all 80. Right. If you don't spend all 80, you don't get eight. You gotta say we need 90. Right. We we're barely hanging on.


Right. And so you have to charge like inflation $500,000 for a hammer. Fuck. And and that's, that's literally how they justify their existence is to keep, they, they're not in the business of being frugal And, you know, and being responsible and, and making sure that the money is being spent competently. No, they're in the business of keeping their budget coming in. So Sonny Hoons surgeon husband Emmanuel faces his solo battle in lawsuit. His co-defendants agree to settle. Oh Jesus. So, okay. Sonny Hoons surgeon husband was found himself in the hot seat in a massive lawsuit accusing nearly 200 healthcare providers of insurance fraud. Dr. Emmanuel Hoston defiantly called himself the victim of a frivolous smear campaign last month after he was accused of providing fraudulent medical services in exchange for kickbacks.


And a complaint filed by American Transit Insurance Company in December. Orthopedic surgeon now finds himself increasingly isolated after the vast majority of the defendants have now offered to settle their cases. Oh boy. According to a new court filing obtained by daily mail.com, American Transit, which ensures taxi cab taxi company and Uber Lyft drivers announced last Monday more than 141 of the 186 defendants named in the suit have agreed in principle to settle one of the largest RICO cases ever filed in New York. The papers filed by the law marketing law firm Manning Cas did not specify which defendants offered to settle. Dr.


Hoston has until February 10 to respond to the legal complaint. So it has something to do with drives from the hospital and kickbacks from, from all this shit. Yeah. It's, it's because there's, so that's what they need though, is these guys who can use this AI technology to get in there and start looking on a massive scale at what all of these e everything, I mean, they have to look at everything. I think most Americans want this. So they're being accused of getting kickbacks for performing surgeries and submitting fraudulent bills. Yeah. Hosted knowingly provided this is in quotes, knowingly provided fraudulent medical and other healthcare services, including arthroscopic surgeries.


The lawsuit filed on December 17th, claims American Transit was then billed in exchange for kickbacks and or other compensation which were disguised as dividends or other cash distributions. I don't know how they know this, so I don't, I don't want to comment on this. I don't really understand what this is. This, this might be bullshit. It might be real, but I do know that doctors, but This happens All the time. I mean, maybe not this, but there's provider side fraud that is very well known and people have been called out for it. There's a doctor that I was just watching this whole thing on where he, I think it was 200 people he treated it might have been more that did not have cancer and he gave them chemotherapy.


Oh my god. Yeah. He, he's, he falsely diagnosed them as having cancer and then treated them with can for cancer. Yeah. And some of 'em got really sick and died. Well. Yeah. It's chemo. Yeah, it's chemo. It's fucking killing you and wrecks your health. So even if you survive it like your, your body's wrecked for a long time afterwards. And did He do this just for money? For money? Yeah. Oh yeah. And his argument was that this term that they always use, you eat what you kill and that you have to like, you have to have a business. You have to like keep your business rolling. So his business was making sure that people thought they had cancer and then treating them for cancer. That's Dark. Well That cancer and chemotherapy is one of those weird ones where the doctors profit off of each chemotherapy.


Oh, do they? Yeah. $34 million in fraudulent a a Detroit area hematologist oncologist was sentenced today to serve 45 years in prison for his role in a healthcare fraud scheme that included administrating medically unnecessary infusions or injections to Oh, it's 553 individual patients. Holy shit. And submitting to Medicare and private insurance companies. Approximately $34 million in fraudulent claims. This Is the fucking sickest thing I've ever heard. Heard. It's horrible. It's horrible. You tell these people they have cancer. I know, right. And make them get chemo. I know. This is insane. I can't believe I've never heard of this. Yeah, It's really crazy. This Is like a decade ago. Wow. This is fucking nuts. How did they catch him?


I don't know. That's wild. Yeah. But No, this is, that's so sick. I know people that have told me that they know people that have done surgeries that were unnecessary. Yeah. Because they Just for money, they want money. Yeah. Well that's like the whole like transcare, like, you know. Oh yeah. The, a lot of them not Necessarily orthopedic surgeries. I, I've friends Like back surgeries and stuff, Doctors that won't let someone try stem cells that try to deny people stem cells. So Yeah. The, the back orthopedic is weird. They do orthopedic surgery. Yeah. Yeah. Well it can help some people, but it's not the only solution. And there's other ways to fix your back. I always tell people that you should, there's a lot of different ways to fix back issues.


I've had back issues. I didn't have surgery. I was told to have surgery. I had a bulging disc in my neck. I was told that I had to have a discectomy. I did not. My neck is perfect. It works great. Now How did you fix it? I did reine. Reine is, it's like a very advanced form of platelet rich plasma. They used to have to go to Germany to get, I remember like Peyton Manning and Kobe Bryant and those guys, they flew to Germany to get this procedure done and Dana White did it too. And then they opened up a place in Santa Monica where you could do it in Santa Monica. And I had it done. I had it done on my back. I had it done on my neck. It's amazing. They take your blood, they spin it in a centrifuge. I forget what the exact process they do. And then they pull out this liquid that is the most potent anti-inflammatory inflammation drug that you could ever find.


Okay. So this anti-inflammation drug, they, it's made out of your own blood so your body doesn't reject it. Yeah. This process that they do and then they inject in the areas around the discs and the discs all settled and they went right back into place. Wow. Yeah. I had it done on my lower back. I had it done on my upper back and I had it done on my neck. See I think that this is where I'm excited about AI and stuff like that. It would be exciting to have AI cure cancer. Yeah. Which they think that it might be able to do. Yeah. I'm a little, I saw that Larry Ellison thing. I was like, yeah, are you making money doing this? Well obviously I don't know if Larry, is this his, is Larry Ellison saying that this is, why is he doing, He did. Like why are you doing that? Are you a doctor?


Don't you own Lanai? What are you doing? But I don't see, it seems like, It seems like it's not outside the realm of possibility that AI would get smart enough to figure this shit out. 100%. Yeah, it is possible for sure. And it's very hopeful. But you know, I don't know if we should be telling people that it could do that maybe in the future. So invest in my company or whatever the fuck's going on. You know, I was at this crazy boondoggle and I saw a bunch of these people talk and everybody was clapping and I was like, this is the scariest shit I've ever heard. And I think it might have been Sam was talking Altman and everybody was just like, yay, let's give him money. And they all just saw money. Everyone sees money here and the, the, the gold hills.


I mean, we're gonna need to build nuclear. We're gonna need to power this shit. We're gonna, there's a lot of gold in those hills. And I was in the back with this guy and I'm like, someone needs to stop it. Like it was Fucking, it's the beginning of a terminated Movie. Chills down my spine. Yeah, It's gonna happen though. You can't stop it. No. Unless the grid goes down. Like, or, or something. Unless there is a, something catastrophic. Asteroid hits the earth, whatever. Which I think there might be one coming. There is, there's nothing we can do. Nope. The genie's outta the bottle. Well, not just that. We have to do it because there's other people that are doing it and if they get ahold of it first it's over.


Ah. That's the race to the bottom though. Is it? I don't know My friend. I mean, if we all have it and it just, it eventually works for humanity instead of against us. Well I do think that, like my husband thinks that our daughter will never need to learn how to drive. Probably. He's like, she's not gonna need. 'cause I was like, she's she wants to drive already. She's like, when I'm five I can drive. I'm like, no, she's, she is Having kids is the best. I hate that there was so much rhetoric that I was growing up with about like how horrible it is because it is. Yeah. Have I, It's all by people who don't have kids. But it's so it is it, the other morning I go downstairs and she's like, I'm like, how you doing?


She's eating her breakfast. She's like, I just need to lay low. I was like, are we hiding from a mob? What is happening? They're experimenting with news ways to talk. They're Just so funny. Yeah. She's like, and she just says the funniest stuff. She did a whole, my husband sent me a whole thing. She picks up everything. They pick up everything. Yeah. She was like, I'm going to mothership and you're gonna go to New York. I'm like, where'd she get the New York accent front? I'm going to mothership and you're going to New York to to tell jokes. She's telling 'em all about this. I'm like, how does she pick all this? It's the best thing in the whole world. But yeah, he, he doesn't think she wants to drive and he's like, she's not gonna need to know how to drive.


Well She probably will learn how to drive, but it won't be necessary. I don't, I think they're gonna make the argument that autonomous driving is way safer, But I think it probably is. Oh, It is. Yeah. Yeah. I have, if they auto drive on Be autonomous. Yes. It can't be exactly. No one's gonna be allowed to drive. That's probably what's gonna happen. That's the only way they're all gonna be communicating with each other. And it's like, There'll probably be roads that are set up where you can allow people to drive. How do you feel about that? I Don't know. I like cars. Yeah, I do. It's not good. I like old cars too. I Like driving. Yeah, I do. And it helps my brain. Yeah. Unfurl. Well, I, I like machines.


I'm, I'm into old machines. I like the way they work. I like that. Do You know how to fix cars? I know how to fix some things, but not really. Yeah. I mean, I know how to change spark plugs and change oil and I, I understand Like basics. Yeah. Normal stuff. But most cars don't even have spark plugs anymore. No. It's weird. Yeah. It's all wild. You, you open up the back of like, you know, open up the, like back of a Porsche. Like look at the engine. You're like, what the fuck Is that? And Teslas only have one gear. Is this, how does it, I don't understand how that even, have you ever been In one? No. Oh Dude, I didn't bring Mine today. Oh wait, no. I have been In one. Next time I have mine. You gotta go for a ride. Yeah. Mine. Mine's insane. The new one? Yeah. It goes zero to 60 in 1.9 seconds.


That's nuts. It's a time machine. How does It do that? Because it has a thousand horsepower and four wheel drive and incredible electrical engines that just instantly generate torque and power. It just goes. That's crazy. It just takes off. They're amazing. And it also self-drive dozens of self-drive. It changes lanes. It stops for stop signs. It stops for red lights. It turns stop. It just, it's incredible. It changes lanes when there's obstructions in front of it. Can you take your eyes off the, can you like text and stuff? Don't, can you be a passenger? I don't. You could. I guess people have fallen asleep at the wheel famously. But Don't they give you like strikes or something like that? Like Tesla itself will Yeah. Supposedly. If you're not looking like it's, That's that's kind of creepy.


Yeah, it's creepy. Yeah. It's all creepy. But if you want to do it right, that's how you have to do it. You can't just let people take naps and just press the press play. But Isn't that the point I wanna be in my car typing. Well, eventually you'll be able to do that. Eventually. It won't even have a steering wheel. Eventually it'll be a pod that you get in and it takes you places. This reminds me of that Silicon Valley episode where the self-driving car drives right into one of the shipping containers and that he's just stuck in a shipping container. I didn't see that. Oh, it's so good. I never watched that show. That show is brilliant. Yeah. It's, it's weird. But again, if you go back to the people that were on trains and riding horses and you say one day you're gonna be able to get in a car that goes 1.9 seconds, zero to 60 and it's gonna be electric and make no sound and go.


You'd be like, what? Well, one day you're not gonna need to steer because steering is why people get fucked up. 'cause the cars can't detect other cars around them. They change lanes. People make mistakes. They go forward when they shouldn't. They run red lights. All that's gonna end. So I'm like a half hour out of the city and every time I drive to and from, there's almost every time there's an accident, I always see. Sure. The other night I was driving home actually from mother ship. I was like one 30 in the morning and there was a guy on the left side of the freeway walking. Yeah. You There's no space by the way. Yeah. I was like space. I was like, what is happening right now?


People Are texting and not paying attention. No, there're trucks behind me. Yeah. Eh, It was nuts. I was like, this guy is either like on drugs and crazy or it's like some Jason Bourne situation where he was like limping. Like he's just, He probably broke down and had to walk. No, he looked crazy. Oh, Crazy. Person decided to flirt with death. It was, I mean, Texas is a little, it feels a little unhinged Does it? Compared to la. When was the last time you were back in la? No, I mean compare. I was just there. I was there two days before the fires. People Are unhinged. Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean, and as you Get older it feels a little wild. I Like it. You realize not getting any better. I like the, I like the, it makes I'm, I'm coming up on two years here.


So What do you mean by wild? Like what Feels wild to me? It still feels very like the wild West or like Texas. There's just an energy here of kind of, every time I'm down on sixth Street, I'm like, I'm going catch a stray down here. Well sixth street is wild where the club is. That's a wild place. It's fucking Bunks down there. Yeah. But that's also makes the club exciting. The Sun. You might catch a stray while you're waiting. No, Not that, but All the people, the foot traffic, you know? Yeah. There's there's an energy on that street. Yeah, no, I like it. Yeah. I, and I like the kind of, when I, even coming from LA driving in Texas, I was like, these people are out of their fucking minds.


'cause it's so much bigger and every the, it's like 80 miles an hour speed limits everywhere out where I am. So everyone's actually doing 90 and I would be driving and I'm like, they're like, get out of the way grandma's. And I'm like, I'm doing fucking 85. Like, it's not like I'm going slow. Are you in the left lane? No. No. I'd be in the middle lane letting Every, they're still trying to get you outta the way. Yeah. I was a grandma. I had to up my game. Well, do you see that in LA too? Yeah, but it wasn't, it wasn't, it was always like street racing kids. Like maybe out further you can, how often could you get your car to 80 miles an hour driving around LA at nighttime?


I mean, at night. Yeah. But I'd see a lot of people driving super fast at night in la Yeah. Yeah. There more unhinged people I think. Really? Yeah, because I would see people driving recklessly on the 1 0 1. Like when I was coming home from the store, sometimes I'd be like, what the fuck? People flying by free by going home though. Like it's, I don't know. It's pretty, it's pretty nuts. Well, When people live a half an hour away from the city and they wanna get home quick, that's how you do it. Now it's me gotta hit the gas. Now I'm the one who's doing 95. Well, it's those people too. No, it's true. It, it's, I, I don't know. I'm glad I moved here. I remember you saying like, it feel, my husband's blood pressure actually went down when he moved here. Yeah. There's less people, but It's also just like e everything is less of a battle.


You said it to me, I think like you felt like you could exhale on one of our, like when you were talking, you're like, I moved there and just felt like, ah, I can like breathe a little. And I, I mean, my husband has like scientific evidence that he, his whole like energy field got more chill. Yeah. You're not supposed to be living in a place that has 20 million people. I think it's bad for you. Have you ever been to Cairo? No. Cairo is nuts. Yeah. It's the craziest city I've ever been in. I Want to go. When you went to the pyramids, when was it? How long ago? Oh my gosh. It was crazy. It was right after the revolution. So we went in 20, it was in, it was 20.


It was 2000. When were When was the Arab Spring? That was internet times. It Was 20 2011, 12, I wanna say 20 2011. 2012. What's that? 2010. 2010. Average Spring. So it must have been 2011. That was one of the first revolutions that the internet was credited with starting. Yeah. And no one was there. So everyone was like, why the fuck are you guys in Egypt? We got basically a private tour of the whole country. Like there, there was a, we were on a cruise on the Nile, And it was supposed to be, you know, hundreds of people. There were 14 people on the cruise. And we got to see, there's usually lines to go into the great pyramids.


We, there were no lines, no lines at the, to see King Tut, nothing. There was, no one was anywhere. It was, it was a weird time to be in Egypt. And we saw, I went to Alexandria, was in Cairo, went and did like a Nile cruise, which was amazing. I mean, it Egypt's, you gotta go. Yeah. Amazing. It do. It's amazing. Did you get this weird feeling that, like, how did this go away? Yeah, that's what, that's what I don't understand. And I had, I think I had like a mental breakdown when I was there. Like a weird, I was, we were in the hospital, not the hospital. I want, I felt like I should get checked into a hospital.


I was, we were staying in like the Nile across from the, All the tombs, the like king's tombs. And I kept feeling this like, pulse. And I had like a panic attack when I was there. Basically. It was the weirdest thing though. I kept feeling this pulse. It was like won, won. Was this when you were doing drugs? No, no. I mean, I was drinking still, but I wasn't doing drugs. And I, I was like, I'm gonna have a, I felt, I thought I was gonna end up in a strait jacket and I thought I had like a panic attack. I had like these crazy dreams and I was like, oh, this is where it all started for like, my whatever.


It was fucking, it's weird. It's a weird energy. Do you Think you were getting this feeling like, like you said, like here it's in the soil. There's something in the soil here, like this fierce independence because these people are tough and they survived making it across the great plains and all that shit. Do you think you felt that there, like this is the, the, the feeling of this civilization that you see exist in this place? Yeah, It felt to me, I feel like I had like a past life regression, if that's even a thing. It was like, I felt like whatever journey I've been on, on this planet, it started there and I went back to the source And it was like a weird, like my dreams were crazy.


It was, I couldn't, that, thank God the guy I was with was like nice and kind, but I couldn't, I I, it was like a full blown panic attack. I couldn't even leave the hotel room. And, And do you think that's just because of being in Egypt? It Was just being in Egypt, it was, do You think it's because of the, like you knew what the civilization was like and it had declined and gone, and now you're there and you're just like psychologically dealing with this and you're kind of freaking out and putting it on yourself. So they had, they had, I've always been obsessed with Egypt since I was a little kid. Just unnaturally obsessed with it. It was like a, I read every book about it when I was a kid.


I wanted to go there. I don't know why. And I felt like, you know, I like to believe in past lives. 'cause I think it's amusing. I'm like, if I can choose, it sounds like a fun, it's like, why not? And I've always felt very connected to it. And so when I went there and was across from, we were at the, in the King Farouk suite actually. And it had a balcony that overlooked the Nile and the tombs. And it was, I could feel it was like something in my heart, like a vibration. And they've said that these places, like where they're these pyramids, they can have vibrations. I learned this later, but this was like a weird, like, it kept hitting my heart. And then I thought they drugged me.


I thought they gave me something in my hibiscus tea because I, I started like, I immediately, I drank the hibiscus tea and I was like, maybe they put some kind of like, hallucinogen in it. But I think I just, I like, I think about this a lot because I've had friends who have had anxiety and panic attacks, and I know what it's like to like, get in your head and feel like you're losing your mind. And I had to baby step my way out of this like panic attack where I couldn't eat. I was unable to keep food down. I just took a bath and was like, I'm gonna just chew. That's never happened to you before? No, I had had, like, I've had anxiety. I, I feel for people who have anxiety, I had had anxiety before, but it was when I was doing a, I was smoking a lot of weed and doing a lot of drugs, and I was in a marriage I didn't wanna be in to my first husband.


So your life was a mess. And I just was lying to myself. Like, I, I think it, I think depression and anxiety can be very useful signpost for something in your life. You're either doing something you shouldn't be doing, or you're not doing something you should be doing. You got a course correct. Yeah. It's giving you motivation. It's, or it's saying like, there's something, it's like a soul calling for you to, to check, check in. So I, yoga kind of saved me from that time I got divorced. It, it somewhat went away. I've talked about my hypochondria so that I dealt with that. But then I was, this was different. It was like a weird, my body physiologically reacted to it too. So I, I like not to be too much information, but I like randomly got a period out of nowhere.


It was just weird. My body started like, I, I threw up. I got a period all at once And it was such a, it's like, it's the most supernatural thing that's ever happened to me. Well, there was another time that was really supernatural when I was in Newport, Rhode Island. And I swear there was like a haunting, but other than that, this was, it felt supernatural. Like, it, it didn't feel normal. And it took me two full days to like, whatever, hit me in my heart on that balcony. And I couldn't, like, all I could hear was this like, want, want. And it was reverberating from the, I sound like a crazy person, but it was reverberating from the tombs.


And then I would just, I remember eating a grape so slowly and mindfully just to like come back into my body. And I had these like, crazy dreams and I felt like I saw all these connections, like people in my life present. And it was, it was really, it was weird. It was in that moment when I like had a physical reaction where I, it was like a scene from a movie where I was like, zap, zap, zap, zap, zap. Like all these people in my life. And, and the guy was with, thank God he could have been a total asshole and been like, you're fucking psycho. I'm leaving you. But he had had a weird experience with me in his guest house in, in New Zealand where I would fall asleep sometimes downstairs when, or we'd pass out or whatever.


And I was like, did you have a dog? 'cause I was like convinced there was a, a ghost. 'cause I kept feeling some weird sense. And he is like, don't talk about the dog. And then it turns out there was like a dog and his kids like, he had it and then wanted to get rid of it. And it, so it's like this sore thing. He's like, how the fuck did you know it was a dog? And I was like, oh. 'cause the energy was like a puppy energy. And I was like, what happened to the dog? He's like, nothing. Don't ever talk about the dog. And I was like, okay. So he's like, you're weird and psychic and like a weird sick, you have like a weird thing. He was like, you're touched by something. And we used to play backgammon All the time. And one time the, I like rolled a dice and it's, I'm sure it was just lint, but it like, I wanted to win so badly. And then the dice just was on his corner, just frozen.


So he had weird, like just on the corn tip of it, just like a, he's like, what the fuck? You're a witch. So he was, he had had slightly unsettling things with me that enough that I think he was like, all right, maybe she's not totally, well They say that places have memory, right? Oh, this place. I mean, Egypt is so special. They haven't been obviously, but I felt weird when I went to Chich. That feels very weird. Oh, okay. Yeah. I had it. I had to, I was like, baby stepping. I still get slightly like, and my life has never been the same really since. Like it was, it was, it was. And Egypt is Cairo's bonkers, but Egypt is the Nile.


I remember just like cruising down the Nile and being on the deck and you feel, you can feel what it was like. Like you're just like, this is what the Memory. Yeah. Yeah. And the tombs are all very, it's very, I don't know, it was very spiritual for me. It was like a very, it felt like a pilgrimage that I didn't know I was taking. Mm. That's how it felt to me. Look, it makes sense. It was the most sophisticated civilization maybe ever in terms of their building package. You have to go tion. I feel like you would love it. I know. I would love it. I know. I just don't have the time. I almost did it with Mr. Beast. He went in December. Oh. Was was gonna try to do it and do it with him. He wanted to do a podcast there, but I just couldn't make it happen.


I I had too busy. Yeah. It's, it's Andy a hike. Yeah. I need to take like a good solid couple weeks. Yeah. And go there. It needs to be something that I know that I'm gonna be there for a couple weeks. Yeah. And right now that's not really possible. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I mean, I went to the visit the site of the Illian Mysteries and I was with Brian Mi rescue. Where's that? It's in Greece. Oh. And That was wild. Really? That was wild. That, that place has a memory for sure. Yeah. I just like touching the walls. Like, it just feels weird. You just feel like this is different. Like you're in the presence of something very strange that Was Egypt. Whatever the energy I was, I bet Egypt was probably even more incredible.


But whatever the en the energy of that place was, there's some of it left there. There's some weird intangible feeling that's left there that just makes you feel very, very strange. When we were, when I was in LA at the Getty Villa, I always go there and they had the thra exhibit. What's that? Thra is like a, I didn't know anything about it. It was a, it's a civilization that was, it is like partially in Bulgaria. I think it came after ancient Greece. There it is. Treasures from Bulgaria, Romania, And Greece. This statue is fucking insane. Whoa. It looks like it's looking at you. Look at The eyes. It's insane. It is insane to see it in real life.


This exhibit that's there right now, it is truly one of the most special exhibits I've ever. I go to all of them that I can there and it that is, wow. Look at that face. That's amazing. It's Crazy. And I knew nothing about this civilization in society. And the more I learned about it, the more obsessed I am. But all of this stuff had its own, like, when the fires were around the villa, I was like, oh God, I hope that they're, I hope that that all, all this stuff is okay. Yeah. I mean those walls are like fireproof. And they've got, I'd never heard of this Before. I've never, I had never even really heard of race. I, You know, I've always been very obsessed with like Greek mythology, Roman history, all of these things look at, but the race is this crazy civilization.


Look At the relief with two thracians. I wanna see if I have the, oh, it's, it's crazy. Yeah. If you're back in la I, I think that exhibit is there until March, March 3rd I believe. 'cause if Maybe it, it says temporary close on top. I don't know if it's 'cause of the Fires probably Close. Temporary. Yeah. Oh, okay. I, yeah, I think the Getty's temporarily closed. Closed the Getty's now open. The Getty Villa will remain closed until Further notice. Oh, okay. I thought they reopened for some reason. But yeah, they must still be closed from the fires someday. Someone's gonna be doing that with the World Trade Center. They're gonna be wandering around that. This is where they used to live. They used to go to school here. They used to work in these buildings.


That's gonna happen. You think the same? Yeah, the same way. We'd go through their Acropolis in the Parthenon and wander around and imagine what it was like living back then. People are gonna do that with us. Every civilization so cool. Every civilization collapses. We're just trying to hold this one off as much as we can. And they usually last a couple hundred years, which is ours. Yeah. We're not, we're pretty young. I mean, Yeah. But a lot of them haven't made it past where we got to. It Always reminds me of that porno for pyros song. We will make the pets. It's like my friend says, we're like the dinosaurs and here we're doing ourselves in much faster than they ever did.


Eh, I don't know if that's real. The dinosaurs. No. The other thing we're doing ourselves in faster than them. No, they got hit by a rock. We Might too. I was like, oh no. We were coming into dangerous territory where we find out Jonah doesn't believe in dinosaurs. I was watching, we were talking about Candace Owens last night. Can Candace Owens like said dinosaurs are fake and gay? Is that what she says? Yeah. I don't know what she means by that. She might just be having fun. This whole Bridgette Macron thing though is crazy. Did you watch any of it? No. No, no. I got no time. But I did see a comparison to the photographs of the person that she's claiming is actually, you know, like the brother.


Oh, the brother. Didn't the brother disappear something? Yeah, the brother disappeared and the brother literally looks exactly like her. I mean, to a fucking T She was kind of on the like Blake and Ryan thing too, I think. Yeah, She's a, She's, she's a sleuth then. She's been a sleuth. Then. Look at these. Okay. That's pretty freaking weird. I'll send it to Jamie because this is, I mean, she's just going all in. First of all, I don't even know if this is a real picture. I mean, this easily could be some AI bullshit that somebody created to try to pretend that the brother is actually her. But the brother is like not to be found. And if that's real.


See, I don't know if that's Real. That can't Be real. I don't know if that's real. Because I mean, even the fucking teeth are the same. Like everything's the same. Every wrinkle. The face is the same. If that's, if that was my brother, if my brother looked, I'd be like, wait a minute. We're not twins. So we're not twins. Like what Looks photoshopped? The mouth definitely looks photoshopped. How so? 'cause like you said, the teeth are exact. Yeah, exact. In the exact position. Right? Yeah. They're not even almost Right. It looks fake. It looks like somebody doctored up. Somebody used ai. Same cracks in The lips right Here. Pretty much. Right. That's probably bullshit. That mouth is photoshopped. Yeah. So you can't tell what's real and what's not real online anymore.


Nothing's real. Nothing. You can't, you literally can't tell. You have to operate from the, the idea that this is not real. You have to start there now. Right. But also, this is just the beginning. Like what are we gonna be looking at five years from now? We're gonna be looking at indescribable experiences that are in indistinguishable from reality. Not just like images, but you're gonna be able to like, they're, you're gonna be able to have experiences that aren't real. Do you, do you think that the like metaverse thing is gonna take off? Like people are gonna be plugging into the Yeah. If it gets good enough. Yeah. And cheap enough. Cause it wasn, it's kind of expensive. It's Expensive. It's also weird to have something in your face. People feel weird, like wearing this big clunky thing. But if you can sit down and attach something to your head and then all of a sudden you're in another world, you're an avatar flying on a fucking dragon.


We're gonna do it. I mean, it sounds Isn't like red band really into that. Oh, loves it. Yeah. He's like famous in the, in the metaverse. Yeah. He goes in there every night. He has like parties and stuff. He's a nut. But it's perfect for someone like him. He's a video game guy. Loves the internet. Matt Was telling me like, he's like, took him to a com. You can do a type five and a comedy club there. Oh yeah. It's crazy. Well, Zuckerberg showed me that too. There's a, there's a Metaverse Comedy club. Yeah, but you, he's like, you had to like know people to get in and he's famous. I was like, this is not there. It's nuts that this already exists to me. Well, it's just the beginning. It's only good. That's Pong. You know? And whatever it's gonna be like 20 years from now is gonna be something really wild. Isn't it weird to think that like, you might just exist forever in the, in the Metaverse talking.


'cause you've done so many podcasts, they'll just be able to cut and paste and make you kind of like, not Even just that. They'll able to get A map. Map. What if you're God in the future? Well, they'll be able to get a map of how I think and how I go over things and how I go, well, maybe not. Let's look at that. And then they'll apply that sort of thinking and they'll be able to do podcasts with me, with anyone in history. I'll be able to have a podcast with Albert Einstein. I always think about this when I see the people who get tattoos of you. I'm like, future civilizations are gonna be like, who was this man? He must have been someone important. Maybe a shaman or a Brahman. Like No, he is a, A bro cage fighting commentator. Yeah. Me and Einstein.


Oh no, just chilling. Look at him. That's a young Einstein too. Trained a thing to have. I was looking into this. They're gonna, they can already do it. What? Let me hear this. They don't have Their voices. Oh, they don't have their voices for some reason. Yeah, but I, I've seen one where they did. Oh, Nicola Tesla. Ooh, I'd love to have a podcast with him. They already did a podcast with me and Steve Jobs. Did they? Yeah. An audio one. An audio podcast with me and Steve Jobs. It's crude. You can kind of tell that it's not real, but that's just because it's, you know, first generation. That's really Weird. Yeah. We gotta wrap this up, Bridgette. Okay. Thank you very much my friend. Always Great to see you. Thank you for having me. Always a pleasure. Tell everybody how to get your stuff. Where to find you. Just Go to go to my YouTube and subscribe.


That's the best thing you can do. What's the YouTube? It's Bridget Fantasy. I don't even know my YouTube. It's Fey. P-H-E-T-A-S-Y. Dumpster Fire is the show. p.com. All all like all that stuff. Bridget Phetasy website online? Yeah. Okay. You can find me. Alright my friend. Appreciate you. Thank you. Bye. Love you. Love you too. Bye everybody. Bye.