
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Good to see you my friend. Good to be seeing. Thank you. Good to see you. We Were supposed to be doing the end of the year, but unfortunately you got caught with the Cooties. I did. I did. And what'd you get? I can officially announced that the end of 2024 is right now. Well, I've been waiting for that. Calendar's all bullshit anyway. It's supposed to be on that old one. That's 13 months. There You go. So what happened? What'd You catch? Well, I thought I had bronchitis. All the, everybody in the house had it.


And we go to CrossFit and they all had it. I go to CrossFit jacks and my trainer is Megan Russell there and she's going, ah, you know you, you might wanna take it easy a little bit. Of course I'm smoking cigarettes and I got bronchitis and I go to a clinic. They gimme some drugs. Yeah, you got bronchitis. Go home. A couple days later I'm sleeping in my chair and my wife has one of those little oxygen modern things that you put on your finger. She wakes me up and goes, all right, let's go. You know, what do you mean? Let's go oxygen levels. You're gonna the hospital.


What? I'm just sitting here taking a nap. No, you're gonna the hospital. So I said, okay. So we get, it's late at night. We go to St. Vincent's Clinic, go in, it's late and sitting there waiting for the doctor, Arian f Sherry. Great guy. Turns out he comes in and looking at me. He's young enough to be one of my kids. He goes, stethoscope, listening to my lungs. He goes, do you smoke? I said, yeah. He says, you need to quit.


I said, I just did. He goes, what? I said, I just did. I'm done. Now what do we do? He goes, well next you're going to the hospital. This is just a clinic. I said, what do you mean I'm gonna the hospital? He says, you haven't got bronchitis, you got pneumonia and I think you got double pneumonia. So you're going right now what's Double pneumonia? Both lungs. Oh, The bad kind. The bad kind. He says, but the good news is you don't have bronchitis. I said, okay. I guess that's good news. And that, that was about the time I was supposed to be in the studio with you just a couple days before that. Wow.


And I'm going, wow, this kind of screw up my plans as you know, best made plans and all that. Listen, the plans are all bullshit. We made those up. Yeah. We'll do it at the end of the year. It doesn't have to be that. All right. Well I look, thanks for the invite. I look forward to it This year. I'm just happy that you're okay. I am okay. And And The date didn't matter. You know, things happen. Yeah. I'm just glad you recovered and I'm glad you quit smoking too. Yeah. He says you need to quit smoking. I did. And went to the hospital, was in there for almost five days. And I haven't been in a hospital in a while. But they, they have it. St. Vincent's did a great job. The nurses have their little machines, they wheeled around and they come into your room every, it seemed like quite often to check your vials, to do this, to do intravenous to do that.


Yeah. So I'm sitting in there and couldn't sleep. So I'm one of those guys that if you walk by the door and you see an old guy sitting on a bed looking out the door, that's me. Mm. So I maybe got an hour, two hours of sleep at night. Did you have a hard time kicking the cigarettes? You've been, 'cause you've been smoking like your whole life, Right? I did. I've smoked for over 50 years and I know it's bad for me and I've never been an anti-smoking crusader. But if anything good comes to my appearance with you today. Was it this Dr. F Shari, total stranger guy I never met before in my life, happened to tell me at the right exact time you need to quit.


And I've been thinking, I need to quit for a long time. My loved ones told me that, my wife, my kids, and I never. Okay. Yeah, that's a good idea. It's A weird thing 'cause it kills you slowly and along the way. It gives you just a little bit of happiness, little bit of happiness while it kills you slowly. And it's not just a problem of killing you slowly. It's how it's gonna kill you. The way it's gonna kill you. It's gonna suffocate you. Yep. I have a friend, my friend Mike, who owns the Comedy and Magic Club in Hermosa Beach. And he was trying to convince a friend of mine to quit smoking because his wife is a nurse. I believe so. I believe not our school. But he was explaining that the way people die of lung cancer, the way people die at the end.


And he's like, it's horrible. Like it's, you don't see that. You just, here he died of cancer. You don't see what the final days are like. And it's avoidable. It's avoidable. Yeah. Well since I quit, well I don't cough anymore. Isn't That crazy? It's crazy. I can breathe better and I, I'm still re you know, getting better from the pneumonia I'm sure. Because it takes a while to get over that. Yeah. I was amazed that you could still fly so Quickly. We drove. You drove from Alaska? No, from Florida. Oh, that's Right. Florida and the wings. We were in Florida. And How long did that take though? That's a couple days. It was a couple days. Jesus Christ. Well we had stuff we didn't wanna put on the airlines.


Got it. Wink government. Jesus. I just, I'm just teasing. We, we wanted a road trip. One little adventure. You know, it's, you fly over this country at 45,000 feet and you're looking out the window. It's a big country. It happens in two hours. That's right. Yeah. And you're looking out and you suddenly, you see a little dot and see some houses and you go, I wonder what those people do down There. That's a real problem with people who don't venture outside of the bubbles. If they're in those, those left wing liberal bubbles like New York and California, the people that don't travel. What, what helped me a lot is doing standup on the road. Oh boy. Because I was on, I was everywhere. So I would go to all these different towns all over the country. You get to see a whole different group of people.


A whole different kind of people. And you know, it's like people are the same and different everywhere you go. And this idea that the people in the middle are stupid. Especially now, that's a really dumb way to look at it. Because of the internet now everybody kind of has access to information and you're gonna have dumb people and you're gonna have smart people no matter where you go, including in the cities. But the problem in the cities is the dumb people can trick you. 'cause they believe the things that the smart people believe and they say 'em loudly and so they think they're smart. So this is a way to be smart without actually being smart. Just say the things that smart people say and say it like you're defending it and you're defending freedom or science or some shit. Democracy, whatever it is. You just yell it out and then the smart people won't say anything. 'cause you're saying the things that they wanna say and the other people are like, Hey, I know what you're doing.


And it it more than anything, it turns people off. Exactly. And by traveling, you have a chance at having an adventure. Yeah. Something cool could happen. Yeah. You run into interesting characters.


Alright, it's February and by now 80% of people have probably abandoned their New Year's resolutions. And it makes sense. Life can get crazy and All the sudden you don't have the time. But one easy habit to stick with is ag one. It's an easy, realistic habit that you can make to benefit your whole body health Ag one makes hard to get micronutrients easy to get and replaces multiple vitamins and supplements with just one scoop. You just mix it in some cold water. Take a nice moment in the morning to do your body right. And honestly it tastes pretty good. It's not easy to pack this many high quality ingredients with this much nutrient density. But ag one makes it happen without added sugars or artificial sweeteners ever. Ag one is a great way to invest in your health now and in the long run, which is why I've partnered with them for so long. Try a G one and get a FREE bottle of vitamin D three K two, and five free Ag one travel packs with your first subscription@drinkagone.com slash Joe Rogan. That's a $76 value gift for free when you go to drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan. Check it out.


Regular humans just living different lives, you know, and they're all over the place and they're all unique. That's the cool thing about this country. If you really did have the time, that's what I loved about Anthony Bourdain show, especially the first one that he had. He was, you'd go to these like little hotdog stands in New Jersey and just, you just hang out with people and street food and you know, you just get a, just a bigger picture of humans in life. When we got to, I forget Texas, there was a place called Bucky's. Oh yeah. Jesus Christ. Isn't That crazy? First time you go there, you're like, what the hell is this place? Two, they're 200 gas pumps. Yeah. I mean, what are you doing?


We paid a buck 47 a gallon. That's three times what I, or three times less than what I pay in Alaska. Oh Yeah. Alaska's gotta be rough. Right? But meanwhile that's where they get the oil. Isn't the oil like real close To there? It runs right through my property. I helped built that some bitch. So anyways. Yeah, no that's, I've never understood the economics of how that works. California's the worst. I believe the way we tried to figure this out the other day, I don't think we got to the bottom of it though. I think California has to use gasoline that's refined in California. So it's one of the reasons why. And then I'm sure crazy fucking carbon taxes, whatever they, they, they ramp up some extra shit to make it more expensive because you, you're looking at a price per gallon that's like a couple bucks more a gallon always than it is here.


As soon as we came here, I was like, what happened to gas price? Why? Why is it so less Here You get a little plastic bottle of water, right? 12 ounces. Yeah. You look at that bottle, you'll pay two bucks for it and a seven 11, you know, for that little bottle of water. Four of those bottles of water make a gallon. You're paying eight bucks a gallon for water. Water is the most abundant thing on the planet. It's everywhere. Right. Except in some parts of California, apparently they didn't want to have the reservoirs filled up. Well they had to put a lid on it. John. There's a lid. And the lid was broken. Remember we talked about that 60 foot diameter water line coming down from southeast Alaska to California?


Yeah, that would've been helpful. Yeah. Yeah. We talked about that. Like if they can do that with oil, why can't they do that with water? They're afraid there'd be a water leak in the Pacific Ocean. You can't have water Beef. Yeah. You can't drown the ocean. That's terrible. Oh. So anyway, so you're looking at eight bucks a gallon for water. Yeah. But oil, you gotta go, first of all, you gotta go find it Right? Then you gotta do all kinds of seismic work. Then you gotta drill and then you gotta discover it and then you gotta build a well and then you gotta build feeder lines. Then you gotta get it to a pump station. Then you gotta get it somewhere in a pipeline. Then you gotta ship it 4,000 miles. Yeah. And you gotta use it to ship it, which is even crazier. And you're paying a buck 47 a gallon.


How's this working boys? I don't Get it. Yeah, it is crazy. And how much are, do you have? How is it, how are we burned so much and still there? How much is there? How much do you guys have left? They got a bunch in Alaska. They got a bunch everywhere. I bet they got a bunch in Greenland too. There is a book that I read, a book that I read I think in the nineties called Black Gold Stranglehold. Maybe early two thousands. And I never found out if it was real or not, or what I, I never looked into it any further. I need to talk to like an expert. But this guy was essentially saying that oil is a natural property of earth and that it's not like dinosaur fossils like we like to think about it. Fossil fuels, dinosaurs and plants break down. They make oil.


No, he said oil's a a natural component of earth. And that the proof is in the fact that if they have these wells that go dry, they can wait just a little while and then they could go back to the well again and it'll replenish itself. Yep. How is that possible? If this is just decaying matter over millions and millions of years? It doesn't make sense unless it's coming seeping in from other areas that they don't have access to. And it's somehow or another gets to that well, like it's all like a stream underground, which begs the question like how much is there, what they found out that there's three times more water in the ground underground than there is in All the oceans of earth.


That's some crazy stuff, dude. It's crazy stuff that I didn't even make sense. 'cause they said the water's trapped. I think they're saying the water's trapped in rocks. Is that what they're saying? See, see if you can find that article. It's three times as much water under the ground as the ocean. How three times is It stored within a mineral called Ring Ringwood? I Ringwood I What does it look like? Does it have a picture? I'll Google that. Like some fucking avatar mineral, some glowing blue mineral filled with water. Yeah, that's kinda what it looks like. Really? Yeah. With oh shit, that's crazy. I called it magnesium silicate.


Wow. It's beautiful. Show me an image of that shit. Say that he points about it. The hidden oceans found under hundreds of miles below the earth surface in the transition zone between the upper and lower mantle. The water is trapped within the crystal structure of the mineral Ringwood dite significance. This discovery could significant alter our understanding of the Earth's water cycle and potentially provide insights into the origin of water on our planet. Whoa. Thank God there's scientists out there except, you know, Of course the cocksuckers that fucking steal your bones won't give them back motherfuckers Fuck those guys. But other scientists, like these cool guys that figured this out, these cool guys gals and non-binary folk.


That is wild stuff, man. Three times as much ocean as is in the ocean. That's so crazy. So that's the transition zone. It's all hydrated. How long before like rappers start wearing that around a, a necklace That seems like a, a dope necklace. Ah, sweet. That's that shit that they make water outta dope. Gotta sell it to someone. Yeah, you just need some Kendrick Lamar type influencer. Someone was at the top of his game to start wearing it. You know, like Kanye in his prime. He could have, he could have got that out there. By the way, I want to Thank you for your podcast and the one with President Trump.


Oh, you're welcome. I thought that was great and I made the mistake of complimenting you on on that page. I said, I really enjoyed the podcast between you and President Trump. Jesus Christ. 8,000 people coming at me. I'm stopping to follow you. You're a nasty person. I hate you. This is on your page. On my page. Yeah. You gotta stop reading the comments. I know. A great man once told me that the problem is I don't take advice and I don't give advice. I'm trying, dude, I don't give a whole lot of advice. I guess I do sometimes, but only with really important stuff. Like that's an important one. Yeah. You can't fix those and they will affect the way you think.


Yeah. They affect the way people behave. Yep. They affect the, your freedom of expression to freely express Yourself. I think it had a great impact on the election Myself. I think I think it had an impact because It it showed, showed Mr. Trump as a regular guy. As A human. Yeah. Yeah. Humanized him. Yeah. Well he also was right about a lot of shit. Yep. The fact that he called the problem with the LA fires months before they happened was literally saying what they needed to do. Yep. What they're doing wrong. And then boom, two times the size of Manhattan is gone. Yep. It's so crazy when you see it live or, or excuse me, from above, like on video when they do the drone sweeps over it fucking like a bomb went off like a fucking nuclear bomb.


Yep. Hit that part of the state. It's nuts. Well maybe they can rebuild it after they rebuild Hawaii and North Carolina. Yeah. Take care of some of those guys. They're still Working on shit that's blown over in Florida, Right? Yep. We saw a lot of it in GE in Georgia when we went through. Yeah. I mean there's, you're always gonna have a certain amount of hurricane damage and, but if we don't take care of that first, and instead we spend $200 million on transgender animal studies, like, what the fuck, what are we doing? Like why aren't we allocating money to the most important things we have, which is people and their safety and their homes. And to be able to rebuild the fact that they get a $770 check.


And that's it, that's all those people in Maui got. That's just to let you know, like there, this is a fucking rigged game. So even if you're not happy with what Elon Musk is doing and he has access that he shouldn't have and all this different stuff. You, you gotta rip the bandaid off kids. This country is trillions of dollars, $36 trillion in debt. And a lot of the stuff that's listed on usaid, All the stuff that's coming out, all these different things that they paid for, they're so frivolous and so fucking insane. It wouldn't be too crazy. It wouldn't be as crazy if we were an a $36 trillion in debt and b not taking care of people in Maui, North Carolina.


Yeah. But the fact that those things exist, that those three things exist and then people are still, they don't wanna say that he's right. They're, they're so locked into this idea. Like if a democrat had found all that, if Joe Biden had went in and found corruption that was in the, the, the halls of our government and tried to weed it out and said, there's corruption in these NGOs. There's corruption in these, you know, not-for-profits. There's a lot of corruption and influence and we're gonna weed this out because we want a fair country. The fucking place would be cheering him. This would be like some shit JFK would do in 62. Yep. Everybody would be cheering him. Yes. This is what we need a real president who's really gonna come in and fix these things.


But because it, because Trump's doing it and the way he does things, it's just like he's the fuck. You just, you see in the Air Force one they announced this is the first time a president is ever flying over the Gulf of America, the newly named Gulf of America. That was classic. I mean, he doesn't miss a beat. It's funny, it's funny. Like, I hope that the good stuff from USAID can be picked back up. I hope that there's some stuff that can be reinstated because I think this genuine good that a lot of these nonprofit organizations and NGOs, a lot, a lot of people are genuinely good people that are doing good work. And it'd be good for us as a civilization to sponsor some of that.


But you gotta know like what's fraud, you know, and how much of it is horseshit and how, how much of it can you track? There's this guy Ian Carroll, did you see Ian's video about it? He was saying that somewhere in the neighborhood of like 90% of this stuff that they're paying for, it doesn't even make it to where it's supposed to be going. And that it could just all, a lot of it could just be fraud. Yep. Did you see that video, Jamie? No, But I just, I he makes a lot of cool videos. I've seen a videos. He's gotten things wrong though. I know. That's what makes it fun. Yeah. That's why, that's why I like people like him, him and Canice Owens. They're my favorite go-tos when I want to know who the fucking lizard people are.


Well, the money we send to Ukraine and they can't find a hundred billion of it. They're Only missing a hundred billion John. Not, it's only a hundred billion. It's not a lot of money. No, it's Not a hundred billion dollars for all those fine weapons. I, I don't even know what happened. Like where's the, how did the money get distributed? Like who, where'd it go? How are you missing so much? I I figure a lot of it never got out of America. But this is the thing about human beings. If you just don't ever have them be accountable, they won't be, they won't be. The United States is like a meth head that we gave a checkbook to and at the end of the month we're like, what the fuck did you buy? You know, it's like don't worry man. I got this. I'll cover it.


I'll cover it. I'll what did you buy? Yeah. America's a big business. It's a giant business. And we got a, we got a president now that's a business guy. Yes. I don't wake up every morning to see what the fuck he's done. I know that the businesses in good hands and he'll take care of it. 'cause when you drive through it and you see what we got going, you realize, man, there's people trying to make it right. And most of the people in America are good people. It's not racists, they're not sexist, they're not bad people. Most people that you see every day are just good people. I think that's most people in the world. Yeah. The people that aren't like that are the people that are in desperation.


The people that are in horrible desperation or people that have been abused. You know, and I I I've always said like there's this compassionate view of immigration in this country, like the progressive, compassionate people. Their idea is we should not stop people from pursuing a better life and that they come here because where they live is fucking terrible and they want to be able to come here and they want to be able to live the American dream. And we should be open to that. That's great. But you can't do that while you are also letting in terrorists. Right. So like, what, what is the, what is the solution? Because the solution is you bring everybody over here, they can commit crimes, you have chaos, then people demonize the rest of them who are very good people who just want a better life because the few that you let in, 'cause you didn't screen at All.


The few that you let in that were scumbags, they're fucking gang members and holding up apartment buildings and all this different crazy shit that we know is true. The right way to do it is take what we have in America. The, the freedom and the, the ability to prosper and expand that throughout the world. Like if we were good neighbors, what we would try to do is turn Mexico into another America. Not in another America, culturally, that's not what I'm saying. But stop being run by the fucking cartels. Stop being run by people who are selling fentanyl. You know, like figure out how to pay people a like a fair wage.


The reason why all those factories went down there so they could pay people slave labor, make that illegal, make that illegal, make your own shit. Like we should all help each other get to a state of living like that the whole world could live at. Like, that seems if, if that's not possible, something's real wrong with the system. You know, like the top 1% in this country is, I don't know what it is, but the top 1% in the world is $34,000 a year. That's how different the rest of the world is. That's why they're walking here from Guatemala. And I get it. I get it. My thought is, if you want to invest money, don't invest money and just like peg all these people to live here and stay at the Roosevelt Hotel and all that crazy shit.


Invest money in making their life better where they are. Yep. If, if you could figure out how to make these places where they come from as prosperous as America, wouldn't that be better? Yep. Isn't that possible? I mean it's gotta be, it's possible here. How come you can't, that's the best concept of spreading democracy. Like spread real democracy. But the problem with us is we don't really spread democracy. We just go over there and take over. You know, we go over there and in install a puppet dictatorship And you know, throw the whole fucking country into a tizzy. And a lot of people are getting rich off of it. A lot of people are getting rich. This is the problem. And we're reliant on cheap stuff, you know, I mean all these fucking social justice warriors and virtue signalers, they're all doing it on phones made by slaves.


That's what's crazy. And the, and the ones that wanna shut the mining industry down. I'll use gold as an example. By the way, Gold's gone up a thousand an ounce since I saw you last. Damn Damn. A Thousand dollars an ounce. It's 3000 bucks an ounce. Didn't They find a gang of it in China recently? Oh, they probably got all kinds of it In China. I think China just didn't, they China just found, found some crazy new discovery of an enormous amount of gold. They're, they're talking about back than a crypto coin with gold. It's better than money. It's real. Not my son is a When are you gonna get a boneyard crypto coin? 2024 November China discovered a large gold deposit in the Wang go gold field in the Honan province.


The discovery is estimated to be worth $83 billion making one of the largest gold fines in history. Holy shit. The deposit is estimated to contain over 1000 metric tons of gold. Gold is located in 40 veins that extend up to 3000 meters underground. The discovery is made using advanced 3D geological modeling. That's incredible. Isn't it amazing? I mean, you're a gold miner. Tell me like how the, how do you know where to dig? How do you guys find that stuff? It's Real simple. Yeah. Gold's where you find it. Well That's, that's the bottom line, Joe. Right. And, and, but once you make a discovery, let's use load gold, which is still in the rock plaster gold.


What we do is been eroded out of the rock and is in the concentrates on bedrock. And you, you gotta wash it and sift it and sluice it and, but load gold you gotta crush to get the gold out of the rock. Ah. And so from the moment of discovery until you produce it outta that gold mine, it takes average 29 years. Whoa. 29 years to go from finding it to having an operating gold mine or copper mine or lead mine or silver mine or zinc mine. Wow. That's crazy. What's really interesting too in this country is the story of the gold miners.


Like the San Francisco 49 ERs, the people that came across the, the, the, the country when they found out that they had struck gold and that must have been a really wild time. A fucking dangerous time too. You got, 'cause you have the lawless west and then you have a bunch of people who are just desperados who are pulling gold outta the ground. And that guy might have pulled enough gold outta the ground to literally pay for the rest of your life. Yep. And he's right there and no one's around. I know a couple guys you couldn't tell they could rub two sticks together. Good friend of mine bought a bank 'cause the bank had a big vault.


He had three tons of gold that he was, he was like a collector, a hoarder. Jesus Christ. He'd been mining for 40 years. What is three tons of gold worth? A lot. What is that worth, Jamie? This is crazy. Let's guess take a guess. I'm so dumb. I don't even know what that would mean. Well, I mean three tons of gold. Gotta remember there's a difference between a if I was to ask you what weighs more a pound of feathers or a pound of gold, what would you tell me? Pound is a pound. You'd be wrong because there's 16 ounces in a pound of feathers and there's 12 ounces, different ounces in a pound of gold. How Come? Just the way it is. So when you buy a pound of gold, you're not getting 16 Ounces.


You're getting 12, 12 Troy ounces. What nationality invented that? I don't wanna I don't wanna go full Kanye here. The value of three tons of gold depends on the current market value of gold, which is con constantly changing as of now. 2023. One ton of pure 24 car gold was worth about 55 million. Wow. This dude had three tons of gold. He had a hundred and fucking $60 million, $165 million in gold just laying around. That's what him and his wife did. That was what they did. That is so nuts. And so this was just pure gold or did he have it made into ingots?


It's plaster gold. It's kind of, we have, he was on my ground and he would melt it and refine it if you wanted to get 24 karat, but generally runs about 85% pure in its form on my creeks. So if you found a one ounce nugget, 85% of that's probably 24 karat. What's the biggest nugget you've ever found? 33 ounces. Whoa. What does that look like? It looks like a whale actually. How big is it like in your hand? I got a picture of it on my page. My daughter's holding it Like a old school flip phone. It's about that Big. It's almost as big, Almost as big as a cell phone. Like a a, an iPhone. Almost like half of it.


Nine, seven eights. Really? Yeah. Damn. It looks, if you hold it one way, it looks like a whale. You flip it over, it looks like a dolphin. And now how much is a piece of gold like that worth right now? Well, because it looks like something, it's called character. Oh. So if you have, if you have a nugget that looks like a whale or a dolphin, it's generally goes for four or five times world market. Really? So if gold is $3,000 an ounce, that would be 12 to 15,000 for that character that you're buying. If you find a nugget that looks like a heart no limit. Really? Yeah. It's Suckers. A bunch of suckers out there. What about one looks like a demon. That's big money.


You find one that looks like a pile of dog shit. You're gonna get spot market. Yeah, you gotta find one. One that looks like a skull. Oh, you find a skull? Oh boy. Oh, they'd be knocking your door. Oh, the people, the the real nutty ones. They'd be looking for the dude, The rich occultists would want it part of their collection. But every, every little nugget has some kind of, or bigger nugget has some kind of character that you keep looking for. Like, what's this look like? That makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense. Did you study the history of gold mining in this country before you got involved? Not really. No. No. I've been gold mining and I knew how to do it. I wasn't worth a shit, but I, I'm getting better at it.


But it's, it's a crazy way to make a living. You know, you're, you're pulling the most precious thing, like the thing that's probably other than diamonds, which is kind of manufactured. Right. There's probably a lot more diamonds than the value suggests. Don't they like hoard them up so that like it keeps the price high. Yeah. They do that. Right. Very smart. Yeah. De be's controls Support. What nationality does that De beers. But but you bring up an interesting point. The history of gold mining. Yeah. People don't, in, they don't even know how entrenched in our everyday lingo gold mining terms are. I'll give you an example. Struck it rich. Struck it rich.


Oh the, you hit the mother load. Right. Guys into He doesn't know the difference between shit and Shinola. Oh, What's that Shit? And Shinola is gold. Really? You can't tell the difference between shit and Shinola. I thought it was like poop versus shoe polish. Shinola is gold. Isn't Shinola's shoe polish? I don't know. I've never had a pair of shoes that had Shinola. I Think Shinola is a shoe polish. Jamie, don't turn it on. I'm just get I'm 90% sure Shinola is a, but I don't know which one came first. Like, Shinola might have come after the gold term, you know, it might be a recent corporation. Could be. But I think Shinola is like an old school one. Like I kind of, I mean maybe I'm having a fake memory, but I kind of remember of it in high school, like shoe polish.


But after today is, now, You know, it's gold Now. Well in in gold rush terms gold. Like every culture is it's own little lingo. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Is it, is it a shoe polish Jamie? It is. How long has it been around? I'm Looking the, that up Now. They could have stole that from gold. Going bust Going bust. Yep. I thought that was a gambling term. I thought that was But it could be both, right? Probably. I mean it's those kind of things in, in our language. Like pay dirt. Right. You know, you hit pay dirt, right? Yeah. Right. You hit gold in the dirt.


The, the, the way I've heard shit and Shinola is SCHs sch SCHs. Bedrock sch. Sorry. Oh, I see. Sch and Shinola. Oh schist. My goal is found in Schist. That actually makes more sense than shit in Shinola. You can't tell the difference between shit and shoe polish. Don't you smell it right. I ain't never seen a shoe with shoe polish. Really? You've never seen a shoe with shoe polish? I actually had to wear 'em in high school. My, my parents put me in a reform school. I Had, I have to wear 'em when I dress up. I wear Polish shoes. I saw you dressed up here recently. I dress up, I look like a monkey with a suit on.


That's what I look like when I get dressed up. Looked, looked pretty sharp. And I saw what you were wearing. I Felt like a fraud whenever I wear a suit. Like, what are you doing? What is this? What is this thing you're wearing? Look pretty good. Thank You very much. Thank you. Yeah, it's hard for me. I I shop at the same place. Fetterman shops. Ah, Fetterman's. A man, an animal. He goes to the fucking inauguration. A pair of shorts and a hoodie. I like that. Got a carhart hoodie on. Yeah. And a pair of shorts. That's it. And didn't give a fuck. Like, and he's a genuine guy. He's a very nice guy. Yeah. I I I kinda like the guy. I Like the guy a lot. They, I saw him when I was there. I gave him a hug, talked to him. He was very friendly.


Yep. I don't like that He said no, he's gonna vote no on tulsi ga and RFK Jr. I think that's terrible. But yep. I'm biased obviously. I like both of them very much. And they're both in, if I'm not mistaken, I Don't know how this works, man. I'm confused about this whole process. I'm confused about what's legal, what's not legal, what you can, you can and can't do what these executive orders can and can't do. I'm confused how they closed the problem at the border down in three days. They just basically like completely put a stop to All the illegal coming in except for like a hundred people a day. It was thousands a day. It was just an overrun of people coming through every day and they stopped it and they, he said you couldn't stop it.


They negotiate, he negotiated with Canada and with Mexico to ramp up their border, stop the fentanyl from coming in. Like all this stuff seems so common sense that, it's just amazing to me that people don't look at that. Like no one is going to trust you if all you talk about is the bad side from the other side. If you don't say this is good, this is good for all of us. If you don't say that, if you don't acknowledge you, are you rooting against America? 'cause like when good things happen, do you not want them to happen because a Republican is president? 'cause that's a very un-American way to look at things. And I think that's where we're at these days. I think there's a giant chunk of our population that is so wrapped up in these social media squabbles and owning people online and talking shit and listening to videos and tiktoks.


They're so wrapped up in this us versus them shit that they can't see that we're supposed to all be in this together. And even if you don't like that guy, if Trump gets in and he does something that's awesome for the country, you should say that's awesome for the country. Yep. Yeah. It's really good that terrorists aren't sneaking into our southern border. That's really good. It's really good that they find All the fucking criminals that are taking over apartment buildings in Aurora, Colorado and root 'em out. Yeah. That's really good. They should deport them. Yeah. They're fucking criminals That shouldn't we shouldn't have to deal with that. Yeah. Maybe we should fix everything that's going on in North Carolina. Yeah. That's, that's good for everybody. It's like there's things, these things are common sense. That's because it's gotten so bad now that the only reason to run for politics used to be to make the money not just get reelected.


But it's the first thing they try to do when they get elected is start getting reelected. They're Making so much money. Oh, That's what's case. Oh look, look at the money that When you, when you look at the amount of money some of those congress people are worth and you're like, you tell me how, you tell me how you make $180,000 a year and you worth 30 million. You tell me how, you tell me how there's, I can't find a way that makes any sense because you should be really busy. Right? So if you should be really busy doing this $180,000 a year job, you've, who has time to have a side hustle that that pays you 10 times more. Who has time?


Who's doing that? It's, that's the only reason I can think of that people would want to get into that game. Well I think a lot of people like being the boss. There's a lot of that. And a lot of people just want to be that person. And when you're in a competition right, hierarchy, base status, competition like the president of the United States, like everybody wants to be in that spot where everybody calls you sir. And everybody shakes your hand. And foreign leaders wanna meet. You wanna feel important. They all do. They can pretend they don't. They all like it. That's why they do it. Otherwise they wouldn't want their whole life exposed like that and dig it into your past and distortions of your character and outright lies. Anything to destroy you all over television.


'cause they're trying to win an election. If they weren't the person that wants that spot, they wouldn't do it. That's why we don't get good leaders. We don't get, we don't get people who you would like really want to do it other than Trump. And with that guy, it's like he's he's kind of a psycho. Yeah. He doesn't need the money. He's not doing it for the money. Well I'm sure it helps that You can make money doing it. You know, not from the salary but from a lot of other stuff. Like it elevates his, his social profile for sure. And makes it more popular. Which is part of the, the brand of Donald Trump. But like, didn't he famously not even get a paycheck for Yeah. Yeah. He donates his check to some, some organization. Yeah.


That's Fucking ama. And then there's this other thing about Elon. Elon's gonna steal everybody's money. He has $400 billion. I'm telling you, he's not gonna steal your money. I'm telling you that's not what he's doing. What he's doing is he's a super genius that's been fucked with okay. And when you've been fucked with by these knit wits that hide behind three letter agencies and you're dealing with one of the smartest people alive and he helps Donald Trump get into office and he goes, I wanna find out what kind of corruption is really around. Well you fucked up. You fucked up. And pick the wrong psychopath on the spectrum. 'cause he's gonna fucking, he's gonna hunt you down. He's gonna find out what's going on. And that's good. That's good for everybody. That's what, how you should be looking at this.


Like, wow, we have a, a brilliant mind that is examining these really fucking corrupt and goofy systems and bringing in a bunch of psychopath wizards. Yeah. Well, A OC is the one that says he is the, he's the most unintelligent person she's ever met. Did she really Say that? She Really said that. Wow. I wanna meet her friends. They're probably cool. Imagine the conversation you'd have with her friends if he's the most unintelligent person she's ever met. Wow. Her friends must be amazing. I wanna go to one of those parties. It's probably just like fascinating person after fascinating person. Well I wonder what she's worth. And Nancy Pelosi I think is way up there in a multiple, multiple million, Well she's psychic.


I don't know if you know this. She's really good at the stock market. Like basically. Yeah, it's amazing. She meditates and she just sees it. She sees how it's gonna happen. She should teach that. Huh? There's a few honest ones. Sure. There's plenty of honest. Just like there's plenty of teachers who don't get the students drunk. You know, it's like, it's, the problem is not the honest ones. The problem is the ones that aren't honest and there's a ton of 'em and they don't get rooted out because the system is so corrupt. Probably one of the most unintelligent billionaires I've ever met, seen or witnessed. That's from a OC. Well you know, this guy's one of the most morally vacant, but also just least knowledgeable about these systems that we know of.


She said, wow, she used to own a Tesla car. Damn she don't own a Tesla anymore. Has a history of public disagreements with Mr. Musk. Musk, particularly over his department of government efficiency. This team has been examining government spending, which has drawn sharp criticism from Democrats last week. Doge gained access to federal payment systems to help with its review. A move that many Democrats viewed as controversial. Ms. Ocasio-Cortez was particularly critical of the involvement of young staffers saying they don't do their homework clearly. And adding that 19 year olds were being placed in key positions at the Treasury department. I love it. Get those, get those internet wizards on the case. Only he would do that because he understands internet culture and he understands geniuses.


He understands there's a lot of these people of like these super brains. They're 19 and they're, you know, like one of those kids, he was from Omaha. He figured out a way to use AI to decode burnt scrolls. My son Kenzie works for Palo Alto. He is got a master's degree in cybersecurity. He's working on another one in master's in ai. Oh wow. And after talking to him and seeing what he's doing, he's, he, he did his master's thesis on hacking satellites. And when I heard that, I thought, you know, that puts a whole new light on Bitcoin for me. Oh Yeah. I'm going, eh, I like gold.


It's in your hand. You can see it, You can hold it, you can feel it. But here I brought you some Bitcoins. Catch I just three of 20 of 'em. Well, as soon as you have real quantum computing where they can run actual programs on it, you're not gonna have encryption anymore. Or you're gonna have to have some new kind of encryption that we never anticipated before that. Like, maybe you turn on and off and it's gonna have to be something that the computer doesn't have access to. Somehow or another. Maybe possibly like independent of a system, but independent of a system. How would it even communicate with you if it's electronic, if it has wifi, like the, the, it's gonna get into it. There's, you're not gonna be able to stop something that's infinitely more intelligent than any human being from deciphering any kind of goofy ass encryption.


You have some fucking stupid apple complex password that it picked for you See, I I I'm just not, I just don't understand it. I mean, for two years Bitcoin went after the gold miners saying, why, why? Well that's dumb. Why would you invest in gold and you can invest in Bitcoin? So I don't have a problem with Bitcoin. I mean the guys that are making money on her making bank, they're doing great. I'm telling you we need a bone yard. We need a boneyard coin. We do. How About a boneyard coin? Just don't do a pump and dump. That's the key. You can have your own Money. Can we make it outta, Tammy and I have been talking about it. Can we make a real, make it outta gold. Real ones. Yeah. Could One penny weight coins. There's 20 penny weights in an ounce and There's an opening right now.


'cause Trump just banned the penny. It's about time. Each one of those pennies worth about 6 cents, 2 cents. It costs us 2 cents to make each Penny. To make it. Yeah, but the copper itself. Oh really? Oh yeah, you gotta mine it. Really? So each penny is worth 6 cents. I'm gonna say 5 cents. Wow. Because he added 2 cents to it. So you actually could profit from melting pennies. People have been collecting pennies for a long time. Right. But melting them down to sell it for raw copper is actually Profitable. You bet. What's the price of copper these days? And you can figure out how many ounces, how many pennies makes a pound. I remember when I was doing construction, one of the sites that one of the guys had got robbed where they stole All the copper pipes. And I was like, what?


Like how much is copper worth? It's worth a lot. I would've never imagined that a us pennies worth made of 2.5% copper and 97.5% zinc. I mean, that's The modern, the modern penny. Penny contains a small amount of copper that's plated on top of a zinc base. Oh, interesting. Yeah. But that's, that's today's penny. Not, not From 1982. They were made in 95% copper. Yep. Okay. So in the eighties they were real pennies. So if you get one of them old pennies, that's a valuable penny. You weigh a penny determines it's copper. Is zinc a copper penny weighs three point 11 grams while zinc. Penny weighs 2.5. Interesting. Yeah. Coins are weird. Like enough of that.


I fucking I know it's stupid because you are like a part of the system and you can't control it. But I love paying for things with my phone. I love going, looking in my face and pressing on the register and Thank you. I see you guys do it All the time. I don't know how to do it. I love it. It's like I feel like I'm living in the future. I, it's my favorite. It's so irrational. It's my favorite thing to do is to pay for shit with my phone. I could pay, I would pay for everything with my phone if I could. I used to in Jacksonville, Just use your face, touch it and it pays for the, I love, I'm so stupid. I love the little check that comes up. Oh yay. You paid for It. You go through a drive through to get food and you see the guy in front of you aiming his phone at somebody inside. Right. You don't see any cash flying around. Right.


It's weird. It is weird. It's weird because like who's controlling it? And if you have the same sort of oversight that you had with All the stuff that Doge is showing, or it's all this corruption and waste and a hundred billion dollars is missing from Ukraine and like what, where, what'd you do? How many, how much money did you spend on these fucking charging stations and how many have you made? All that kinda stuff. If you, if you look at All the, if that's all applied to money too and it's digital money, like how do I know where you have it if you even have it. Right. Because this is part of the problem with money in banks that they don't really have All the money that you put in there. Like if you put in $10 million to a bank, guess what? They don't have $10 million to give you.


Like if you say I want my $10 million back, that's a process. Yeah. Like they had to, you have to get it. They're gonna really try to discourage you. It's, you can't get it that day. There's gonna be a, a lot of things have to happen if you show up at a bank and you're fucking Jeff Bezos or something where they're not worried about where it came from and you wanna deposit $10 million and you have a fucking bag and you're wheeling in on like a luggage cart and it's $10 million and they count it and they put it in there. Yeah. But it's not there anymore. They're gonna do, they're gonna loan that out. They're gonna do stuff with it. They don't have it right there. Yeah. No, no. It's all So it's all weird. Like the whole economy is weird. Everything's weird. 'cause since we went off the gold standard, it's like, what, what is it based on?


And how do you guys just print more of it? Every time you need something, every time you wanna do something, just print more. I'm old enough to know and remember, if you were in a bank and a guy walks in wearing a fucking mask, usually you had to hit the floor. Right. But there's a bank I go to in Jacksonville where you walk in a bank and the tellers are wearing masks. I'm going, this ain't right. And I go, what are you wearing a mask for? Well, They're mentally ill. What are you wearing a mask for? Well I think a lot of people weren't really doing well before Covid. You know, there's a lot of people that are fragile. They're barely hanging on already. You know, a lot of people are like really anxious about diseases.


I have friends that are like that. I know a few guys in the comedy community that really cracked during that time. 'cause they were already filled with anxiety and some of 'em were already hypo contracts and they cracked and they're not the same people anymore. Like, people don't wanna hang out with 'em anymore. They're, they're weird. Like they're, they're just, they're just broken and they wear masks everywhere. This one bank, I went to Tellers wearing a mask. The next teller over is not wearing a mask. She's probably Republican. That's what it is. It's a MAGA hat. It's a democrat's maga hat. Ah. And you see him driving around with a mask, mask on in the car. That's my favorite. Well that's, they're, they're men. They might as well have fox ears on. They're mentally ill. And I went, you know, we're out on the field and we're out mining there, got All the dust flying around we're we have masks on.


Yeah. But That's big. That's a big difference. Yeah, it is. Big differe fucking Invisible viruses as you're driving your car, by the way, I think fox ears are more noble. 'cause fox, if you put like little fox ears on, you're like one of those furries. At least you're just having a good time. Yeah. You know, like you're just having a good time. You like wearing fox ears. Who gives a shit? The mask is just stupid. It's just what, what do you like smelling your own breath? What do you like not being able to breathe as good? What do you like, what do you like pretending that viruses can't get through those fucking gaping holes that are all around the outside of your face and through the fabric, which is the reason why you can breathe in the first place. You fucking idiot. Just, Well, we made a bunch of masks with my logo on it so You know, you're wearing one of these logos on your face like that. That's funny.


Go fuck yourself. We had JRE masks that we were selling during the pandemic and Sanjay Gupta brought one in. Like it was a gotcha. Like you sell masks, like Yeah. 'cause people have to wear 'em. Not 'cause they make sense. Yeah. They don't make any sense. You know, they don't make sense. No. Shut the fuck up. That was one of the weirdest beginnings of quote of covid when I started really wondering how anybody could believe that this stupid surgical mask, which is supposed to stop like droplets of spit and food from your mouth dropping into a, a wound as you're operating. They're not supposed to protect you from viruses. That's not what they're there for. The fact that people started wearing those to, and then some people were just wearing bandanas.


And my favorite, which is maybe the dumbest of all time people would wear that shield. Oh fuck. So it's open air, open air, all this is open and then there's a shield. And they would be walking down the street with a fucking shield over their face. Like, this is mental illness. That's all this is. This is not, this is this. People responding to stress that they can't handle and they're freaking out. That's all this is. This isn't normal. And the more we allow this, the more we rationalize this and the more we, we enable this by not telling them they're fucking ridiculous. Take your goddamn mask off and you come into the store. No, you can't come into the store like you're gonna rob it, you know, it's 2025. Take that fucking stupid thing off. And the more you don't, you allow people to just continue with this delusion.


They get in these social groups on, on Twitter and they talk about the power of the mask. And I feel so much better when I'm wearing a mask And you know, I'm, I'm, I'm being safer for others. And they're all agree with each other. I'm like, you're, you're all, you should be in an asylum. You should all go to Alaska and see what bears look like in the flat. You should go, go salmon fishing. Get the fuck outside your house. You're sick. Yep. Yep. Well, you know, I don't wanna put a mask on 'cause I'm pretty good looking and shit. I hear you bro. Yeah. You know the problem. I hear you. Yeah. Jamie's pretty good looking too. Also, you're a giant, like you with a mask on is scary. 'cause it's like, what is he up to? Yeah. Why is he covering his face? What's his plans? Well, the doctor told me we had lunch with him about a week ago, and he says the, the one that told me quit smoking.


He goes, when I first saw you, I was wondering, what the hell am I gonna do here? Because I, I'm sitting in there and he has no idea what my ailment is. Right. And so I am a big guy and the one benefit that came from this is I don't smoke and I still do the CrossFit. Even though you look at me and you, you can't tell. But I've been doing it for a while. Well, that's great. Yeah. It's, That's more important really than anything I would say. If I had to choose between one thing that you should do to make yourself healthy, I would say exercise. Maybe even over food. Yeah. I'd say maybe it's close, it's real close food's. Probably. Maybe. But now you gotta exercise too.


It's almost, they're almost like cancel each other out. Megan was, Or equal rather. My trainer was, Megan was telling me that there's a difference between sick care and healthcare. And I said, what is it? She goes, well, sick care is when you're sick, you go to the doctor. Healthcare is your exercise. All the things you do to keep yourself healthy. Yes. You don't want to be sick. Right. And we we're not paying attention to the healthcare part. You're right. So we gotta get you fit. I'm trying get you fit. Gotta get you dieting. I do. But you gotta get you to eat only meat. Try that, Try that one. Is that what they call the keto Carnivore? Carnivore Carnivore diet. I could do that one.


That's the move I'm telling you. Cut out All the, are you doing that one? Yeah, I do that. Whenever I do that. I feel way better. I do it like in sprints because I'm Italian and Italians love pizza and pasta. I love that shit. If I go to New York, I'm breaking my diet. I'm gonna get sandwiches from my man Giovanni's Deli. I'm gonna, I'm going to eat Italian food. I'm gonna Gopuff, I need it every now and then. I just want to have it just for the Oh, Are you glad to have eggs on that one? Yeah. You can have eggs. I eat eggs All the time. The whole idea is you're only eating animal products. You are. I don't eat anything else other than some fruit. I'll eat like an orange or a banana here and there. I'll have some blueberries with some yogurt. But the, the idea is what you're really doing is mostly eating meat.


And so most of my diet is red meat. And when I eat like that, I feel so much better. I feel clearheaded. I have more energy. I'm like, I'm, it's more stable throughout the day. I feel like my brain functions better when I eat carbs. I just start getting sloppy. I just start getting slow. It's like, I don't think there's anything wrong with carbohydrates, don't get me wrong. But I do think that they're really easy to overconsume. And if you're a glutton, which I definitely am, I'm a glutton, I will eat two pizzas. If you gimme some fucking good, some really good like New York pizzas, I'll eat two of those bitches. I will, I will eat until I'm sick.


I just have always been like that. I always eat too much food. I just, I'm, I, I have an appetite that just, it just won't stop with pasta. But not with steak. Steak cuts you off. There's a thing about eating protein steak. Things like chicken. You don't eat too much of it. You eat enough and then you stop. You. It's, they have what's called a high satiety level. Like high protein foods have a very high satiety level. And so like I'll eat like a 16 ounce elk steak. I don't want to have nothing else. I'm good. But if there's spaghetti there and if there's some fucking macaroni and cheese, you know, if there's potato salad, if there's a little, then I'll start keep, I'll keep going. I'll keep eating and then I'll have way more calories really than I need.


Right. With the same amount of nutrients. The thing is like for performance for like athletes, I don't think the carnivore diet's the right way to go. I think you should supplement with, there's nothing wrong with, I don't think there's anything wrong with rice. I don't think there's anything wrong with with vegetables. I don't think there's anything wrong with fruit. I think the real problem with a lot of people is pastas and breads and just processed food and garbage. You know, I think we're just eating poison most of the day. I think if you can just eat regular whole food, I think you're better off. But I think you gotta, even now I think you have to clean your rice. 'cause I've been, I keep hearing shit about rice having glyphosate on it.


Is that, is that true? They were ta I was reading this thing about rice being a, I know it's the case with corn and wheat. They think that's why some people have what they perceive to be a gluten sensitivity, but they really probably are getting sick from glyphosate. Which is so crazy to think. But they've, it sounds nuts. But then they've tested people and they found out the group that they tested, like 90% of them had traceable levels of glyphosate in their blood. Glyphosate drift to rice a problem for us all. Yeah, here it is. This is from 2011. Fuck Highlighted piece Damage inflicted by derelict glyphosate during this period is often invisible and not noticed until harvest damage is characterized by significantly decreased yields.


And milling the rice often exhibits the first signal that has been hit with a drift kernel shaped like a parrots beak. This is so dark. And then you eat it. Yay. Yay. Like it's like, You know, the reality is farming and I'm no farmer. Right. Be clear. I don't know what I'm talking about. But I've talked to a bunch of farmers, I've talked to, you know, these guys like Joel Ston, who runs that Polyphase Farms Or Will Harris, who runs white, runs white oak pastures. These guys who run these regenerative farms. What they're saying makes sense. They're saying the other way is suicide. The other way is bad for the land. It's bad for the people, it's bad for the environment who use tons of chemicals.


The way to do it is the way nature's been doing it for millions of fucking years. You have a bunch of cows, they shit in the grass. You have a bunch of pigs, they root things up. You have a bunch of chickens. They eat All the bugs. Everybody lives together. Everybody. Nutri, nutrient rich soil, they're all like a part of this complete system, this complete ecological system. And it's carbon neutral. They say that they, when they raise cows like that, they actually sequester carbon. The question is, can you feed everybody in LA and New York like that? I don't think so. So it's like, what did we do? We got so far ahead of ourselves that it seems like we've have this requirement for food that almost demands this kind of crazy farming.


That's where it's fucked. Because if they don't farm like that, like if everybody has to go to like a joelson will Harris model, is there enough land to grow enough meat like that? Is there enough land to let All the pigs loose? Is there enough land to have All the chickens just roaming around? Is there enough land for that? I don't know. There's some big farms on the way over that we saw coming across. There's A lot of people eating. There's farm, a single farm in LA and there's 20 million hungry people just scarfing up food all day long. And you need all these, these farms out there just constantly making life forms for people to consume.


It's really a crazy, crazy thing that we've done. 'cause we've like completely overpopulated areas where they don't grow any food. It's like the dumbest strategy of all time. We rely 100% on transportation. That's right. And you know, people say, oh, there's a revolution coming. It's here. I mean the revolution is here. What we're seeing right now is history being made because the people that have been taking advantage of forever, in my opinion, are the people that are out there producing the farmers, the miners. Oh, for sure. And the guys that I think really control have their hand on the throttle of this country.


If they ever decide to take their hand off the throttle as the truckers without the truckers. Nobody eats. You're Right. Nobody, you get nothing. Yeah. Th that those are the people that are gonna suffer the most with ai. AI and automation. Once they have those Tesla trucks that can just drive themselves, they never get into car accidents. Those fucking things are everywhere. You never have to worry about them staying up all night and whether or not they're gonna make a mistake behind the wheel. Once they get that totally dialed in, we're gonna have a real problem. That's gonna be a real problem. 'cause you're gonna have so many people outta work and so many people that are gonna say, Hey, figure it out. Well, they've been delivering your stuff. You've been depending upon them.


Every Amazon package you order, every time you get anything delivered to your house. Anytime you're moving, anytime, anytime you're relying on truck drivers and that job's just gonna go away. Yep. And that's a lot of people I think. Didn't we look up the number of people that drive trucks or drive that do that are drivers, whether it's taxi drive, I think they put 'em all together. Like people who drive for a living. I think it's more than a million. I think of more than a million just truck drivers. That's crazy. Like that one invention will put a million people outta work. I dunno, it's gonna have to be an awful big truck to handle All the copper. Have seen.


Have you seen those Tesla trucks? Not the big ones. They're just the beginning. Yeah. The ones that they have now are just the beginning. The United States is over 3.5 million professional truck drivers. But the trucking industry is facing a shortage of drivers. Wow. So they need more. Yeah, they have over 3.5 million and they, they need more Google, Tesla semi. This thing's crazy looking. This looks like something straight out of a science fiction movie. It's a giant electric go to images. Mm. It looks like something out of a fucking science fiction movie. It's a giant electric truck.


It makes no noise other than the tire. Like you hear the tires rolling around the ground, you don't hear any, and this, the look at the seat of this fucking thing, it's two screens and it drives itself. And they're going to be really good at driving themselves. Like right now they're really good, but they're gonna be really, really, really good. They're gonna be better than people. So they're not gonna make any mistakes. And they're gonna be safe. And as long as all their sensors are working and all long as All the equipment is reliable, they'll be better at detecting accidents and stopping accidents and avoiding things than people are. Elon said today, they're gonna start the driverless Teslas in Austin in June as Well.


Like for taxi cabs. Yeah, bro. How long before they get attacked by the free Palestine people? That's the other thing we found out through all this Doge stuff. How much, how much of this stuff that you see, that you think is organic, these, these riots and protests. How much of that is funded? How much of that is how much are we paying for the decisions that are costing us that? Like how much we're spending money to like $27 million went to the George Soros DA fund. That's so crazy. That's more than he puts in. We were, we were paying to get shitty das elected. It's nuts. And anybody who doesn't think it's nuts, it's like, listen, you're not paying attention.


You, you, you're captured, you must be captured by an, and this is not saying that USA doesn't do good things. I'm sure they do, but the amount of things that they do that are ridiculous are, that should concern you. And if it doesn't concern you, we're talking nonsense. We're not having a real conversation. That's what I don't get about the blues and the reds. Yeah. There's gotta be some people on the blue side that go, it's a good idea that we're doing this. Yeah. What he's doing is a good idea. 'cause we're squandering a lot of money. There's a lot of people like that, but they're quiet. 'cause the blues will come for you. Well, that, I don't know if you noticed, but after the election, at least in my my opinion for myself, I had the right to make an opinion Again.


I could have an opinion. Yes, I can have an opinion. Finally, finally, I can have an opinion after four fucking years. Isn't That weird? It did really feel like that. Like the consciousness of the country was like a rat. Like, we're gonna rat on you. And you, you, you, you couldn't just have fun and talk about things. You couldn't have an opinion that wasn't like right outta mainstream news. You had a 100% tow the line or you were attacked. I, I put in one post. I put I have an opinion. I'm use it again. I think we should sink every commercial whaling ship in the ocean. Send em to Davey Jones locker. Do you get a lot of support behind that?


You get a lot of support from the environmental people too. There's a pushback on that. 27 million George Soro stuff. Oh really? What's the Pushback that it's not true? What do they say? There's a long tweet if you want me to bring it up. Sure. Bring It up. I thought it was 58 million. That's like's one on the side of the page here though. Okay. The claim that Mike Bens establishes in his research is that USAID paid out $27 million in grants to the Tide Foundation. B, the Tides Foundation is a major funder of the Soros back group. Fair. And just prosecution. Bens frames this as though its evidence of USAID funding fair and just prosecution. That seems like it is.


This framing only works. You have no idea what the Tides Foundation is or how large foundations like it operate. Tides is an intermediary funder, meaning that it facilitates grants from or originating, grantors the money people to receive grantees, the people getting the money. If you're a big organization like usaid, you don't give money to Tides to do with it what they will you forward money through tides to a specific recipient of your choosing. Why do you send your money through middlemen instead of giving it directly for the same reason. People always use middlemen to facilitate contracts because middlemen know how to deal with paperwork to supervise contracts and so on. Did USA give money to FJP? You can figure that out quickly for yourself.


Go to USA spending.gov. Set Key Work Tides and Awarding agency to usaid. Click submit. Go to tab grants tab. You will see four grants open each one. The lion share of USAID money came to a single grant of 24.6 million. If you click through, you see it as described as a Civil Society innovation initiative. Fiscal agent. Read that. That sounds Orwellian. Civil Society Innovation Initiative. Fiscal agent. The fiscal agent description means that the Tide Center acted as a middleman for the government's money. The Civil Society Innovation Initiative was the end recipient already.


The FJP USAID link has been broken. But what else can we say about this grant? Well, that doesn't seem like it's been broken. That seems like you've given this money to an agency or to this, this group. It doesn't, you haven't disproven that This group is attached to Soros. It says, first off, CS two was awarded the grant in 2016. FJP The Soros org was founded a year later in 2017. Still doesn't mean they don't work together now. And it doesn't mean that he wasn't a part of the people that we're doing. I mean, like it's, I'm not saying he is, and I'm not saying he was, but I'm saying this is not disproving anything as far as I can tell by Googling. There has never been any organizational affiliation between the two organizations.


Okay. By Googling that, that's it. You just Googled, I want you to Google vaccine injuries and tell me if there's any good luck. Good luck. COVID-19 vaccine injuries. Tell me, you can decide everything that you need to know about COVID-19 vaccine injuries by a Google search. You're not going to. Right. Okay. So by Googling there's never been any organizational affiliation between the two organizations. CS Two's work appears to be funding civil society organizations CSOs abroad. What does that mean? As far as I can tell, that's a little vague. It mainly means they give money out to nonprofits and foreign countries to do things like moderate and fight disease spread, monitor human rights abuses.


This sounds a little like whitewashing promoting digital security and so on. They do only good things, John. They definitely don't get involved in shady characters that are trying to rewrite the way our legal system deals with violent criminals. Nah, I I've never understood Soros. I don't get it either. Elon Musk hates him. I I, you know, I I have a limited amount of knowledge, but I do know he spends a lot of money on these like super progressive liberal das. I don't know whether or not Mike Ben, who's gonna be here soon, can really trace that 27 million. I'll ask him. But the end of the line, it's like, this is all vague. Like what is that? What's that 24 million going to?


Like, what, what it, it might be going to fight diseases. It might be go Oh sure. Or you don't know. How about you don't know. And all you did was Google whether or not those people know each other. That's crazy. Doesn't mean they do it doesn't mean it's corrupt. It doesn't mean it goes to Soros funds. But you didn't disprove it. Well that's anymore, you can't hardly tell what's true. I mean, the rumors that are floating around are, is it ai, is it true? Is it, what am I looking at? Yeah, A lot of AI stuff and The, and the rumors. I've, we were talking about rumors on the drive and I'm going, sometimes you just can't do anything about 'em. You just gotta let 'em run. And then if you can improve them, if you're involved in it, improve it somehow to make it a better rumor.


Yeah. One of the most recent rumors, and I was looking, talking to Drew this morning, the, the rumor that Elon Musk was gonna put four commercials on the Super Bowl about Doge and All the things, they're fine things they're doing. Yeah. He didn't do that. I wonder if that's even legal. That was fake news. Right. But that seems like if you can make a stylish video about, I wonder if that's legal, right? Like, I dunno what the rules are. I don't even know if it should be legal. Like what are the rules in terms of if you are, if you're involved in some sort of a government agency or a government discovery agency, which is like what Doge is, right?


If you're involved in that, like would you be able to propagandize to the people even in a positive way, even if it's true. Like make a video showing how amazing a job you're doing and do it in a cinematic way that makes it compelling. That seems like a lot of influence, right? Yeah. Supposedly he was gonna spend 40 million on it or something like that. Yeah, but that's just the internet. I know. It's crazy. But I didn't even ask him and then I went online looking for them. Well, I was thinking every, at least there, there's gonna be one a quarter. Didn't see one in the first quarter and the second quarter of the half. And by then the, the game was kind of over. Well, That's like when everybody thought that JFK Jr was gonna come back to life and show up in Dallas and Yep.


There's a lot of those online that you have to wonder what those are. 'cause I used to think, oh, there's just some idiot made this up. But now I'm more inclined to think that some of that is just more disinformation that's designed to muddy the waters of truth. And the more that the better, the more, it makes it easy to like move stuff around. And you forget about other things. Like what's Benghazi I got this to worry about? And there's like always some new thing that's popping up everywhere and it's like, keep you distracted completely. Trump's gonna have four commercials about how Elon Musk, Nope. Nothing. Not one commercial. Yep. I did think it was interesting that Taylor Swift got booed Super Bowl.


We talked about that. There's that Was crazy. Max and Max and Drew out there was saying it's because 75% of the people were Philies fans in that stadium. Eh, I don't know. Could be fake news. The Dude tweeted, I hate Taylor Swift. Jesus Christ. So ridiculous. Imagine like you being the people that are around him and you see that tweet and you're like, oh fuck. Take his phone away. Satire the claim about Elon spending $40 million on ads for the Super Bowl originated from the TikTok account. Brian Banjo. Brian Banjo is a satire account.


Oh, okay. So people just ran with it. There You go. Yeah. Had the, it Had the wrong date on it, Apparently. That makes sense. That makes sense. I saw a cliff this morning with George Lucas was saying that he filmed the moon landing. Oh, You mean Stan Kubrick? Or, I'm sorry. Yeah. Stanley Kubrick. That is an actor that's doing that. And that's why it's like a really close cropped footage of him. You don't like zoom in? He doesn't quite look like Kubrick, but he looks like a weird old guy with a beard. And so if you don't know what Kubrick looks like, yeah, no, it's, yeah. Not Kubrick. But if anybody faked the moon landing, it was that guy. What about Buzz Aldrin? Have you He, I think he came out and said, no, I, I would know we didn't land there.


Well, he said some weird stuff. But the weird stuff you could attribute to like Biden type weird stuff. Like when you get old sometimes the, the old dome don't work so good and you Yeah. Your words come out goofy. Like he was talking to that young girl. 'cause it didn't happen. We never went. Like he said something weird like that. But I think as a conspiracy theorist, I want to believe that that's him letting everybody know that's not nearly as interesting as the, the Neil Armstrong one. The Neil Armstrong one is crazy. And this is at the 25th anniversary of the moon landing. He gives a speech in front of America's best and brightest high school students. And instead of saying, I went to the moon, it was amazing.


He gives the most cryptic explanation for what they have to do in order to progress in science. Play it for me, Jamie. Because when you see it, when you listen to, you're like, what the fuck is he saying? And why would you ever say that when you're given a speech to the best high school students in the country at the White House? Why would you say this? Like, play The anniversary of the event In 1994, Neil Armstrong made a rare public appearance and held back tears as he spoke these brief cryptic remarks before the next generation of taxpayers as they toured the White House.


Today we have with us a group of students among America's Best to You. We say, we have only completed a beginning. We leave you much that is undone. There are great ideas, undiscovered breakthroughs available to those who can remove one of truth's, protective layers. What the fuck does that mean? Breakthroughs for those who can remove one of truth's. Protective layers.


Truth's, protective layers. What the fuck does that mean? Like, why would you say that? That is so cryptic? I don't care what reasonable explanations you have that is undeniably cryptic. And if you're a person that did something in 1969 that no one's come even close to recreating today, it's a little weird. Yeah, it's a little weird. And that's just part of what's a little weird about it. It's a little weird that it's got a almost a religious connotation to it where people wanna believe in it. Like they believe in the resurrection. They wanna believe in it despite any evidence. I believe in the resurrection more.


How about that? Take that rumor and twist it around however you want. Make it, make it something. You can deal with The, the moon landing one. I'm like, I don't know. I don't think so. I don't know. But if I had to guess, I don't think so. And then what's really weird is we had that Bart BR guy on, that was his documentary. A funny thing happened on the way to the moon. He was showing us some footage where the Russians had used AI to do an analysis on some of the photos from the moon. And they said that they were deceptive. So they used AI on all these other images that could, shows like, like a high 90% accuracy whether or not something's been fucked with.


And they're like, these are all these have been monkeyed with, this is all edited. You don't know what to believe. I mean, I just saw a clip yesterday with my voice again, talking about Some we'll be selling. I sent you something. I sent you one of them. Oh yeah, No. It has you and me and I talking like this. And we're talking about some space enterprise with star ships and shit. And I'm going, how do they do this? They can do a whole podcast with your voice. Now. Not, not only could they do a whole podcast with your voice. AI could generate the content. Like you'd say, I want to talk to John Reeves about biological evolution And what the current state of science is And what the future holds for us.


And that'll be used in the clip that we're gonna see within a week. Probably Your voice Probably 'cause it, they could make a one hour podcast with you just relaying the current state of the art and science. And it's really wild and it's probably gonna get worse. Like it's gonna be, it's gonna be so good that I'm gonna think it's you or I'm gonna think it's me. I'm like, maybe I forgot about that one. You know, as I get older, you know, I forget shit. You know, I, I think it's true. I Think that's a defense mechanism. I don't wanna remember To build this into Too much. So I don't wanna remember that one. I'll forget about that one. But you know, we, we both made it around one more time around the sun.


Yeah. And it's been an unbelievable year. You know, the, what we've both seen in the last year. It's definitely been a, it's a wild time to be alive, right? Yep. Yeah. But filled with turmoil. I think it's be also because it's so quick. The information that you can can get is coming at you from every direction. Yeah. Instantly. Instantly. But in 1920, that wasn't happening. No. Wasn't happening in 1880. No. It was like, you didn't know, like when Seward bought Alaska And it was, you didn't know what, why he did that. All the, everybody said Seward's Folly.


How about sewer's? Genius. They, they thought it was a bad deal. Yeah. How much? $7 million for Alaska. That's so funny. 2 cents an acre. Now lemme tell you something. A guy named Klaus Naski, who was a doctor of history at the University of Alaska. I used to teach his kid how to swim. Him and I were at a social function someplace. And we were talking and we were talking about the purchase of Alaska. And he goes, you know why we did that? Right? And I said, well, yeah, Seward wanted to buy it and 7 million bucks. He goes, yeah, we gave $7 million to Russia. I said, okay, that's, yeah, they sold it to us. He goes, why do you think they did that?


I said, I don't know. He said it was 'cause the seals were gone. You know, All the, they had gotten All the seals trade done. He goes, that's not why during the Civil War, Russia blockaded Charleston Harbor with their warships. And it helped them north win the Civil War. And a bill for that was $7 million. And they knew they couldn't just go out to America and say, yeah, the Russians helped us win the Civil War. Really? This is what he told me, doctor of history. And I, and I said the same thing. He goes, yeah. He goes, nobody talks about it. Nobody even mentions it.


But Russia took the 7 million and they gave us Alaska. Wow. That'll justify this. $7 million. Whoa. What do you think about the idea that the United States taking over Canada? Well, it makes Alaska the third largest fucking state. First we got it to get Greenland. Let's get Greenland. So we got him surrounded, kind of. I thought he was just joking around about Canada, but he seemed serious. Well, I think Drew and Drew was talking about this the other day. Canada's got seven. I, I'm not sure how many provinces, but they're different. And so what they might wanna do is make seven new states, because the people in Alberta do different stuff.


Yeah. Than the people in, You can't just have the state of Canada. No, no. 'cause they'll, it'd be like LA and New York calling the elections. No, it'd be way worse because Montreal and Quebec is French. I mean, it's basically French speaking, everyone speaks French. It's, it's so different than the rest of the country. I mean, there's a lot of French speaking people in Canada in general, but it, there's way more on the East coast. The Vancouver and Montreal are very different places. Like you gotta, they have to be different cities, man. You can't, different states. You can't have them be just one part of a big country if there's seven different provinces. Yeah. So we have seven new states now. Fine. Why not?


I agree. What? We can't count past 51. What is that? Well, people, it's ridiculous. People forget what it's like to expand America. The last time we did it was Alaska. People just get scared of it. They get scared of the idea of the empire, the American empire expanding. It makes you think about Hitler. It makes you think about fascism and dangerous, you know, military decisions that get made to take over countries and wars that happen. That's what people get scared of. But if Canada just wants to join, that'd be pretty cool. Yeah. They got a lot of natural resources. Yeah. Also, their government's goofy as shit, you guys don't even have freedom of speech. Well, they should be protected by the constitution.


Yeah. Then they get the second amendment. Yeah. And the, well, they used to have gun laws over there that were pretty favorable. But then when Trudeau came around, like, you can't even, you can't even give someone a handgun. I don't think anymore. It's gotten well, I know a few Canadians, they don't like, they don't like Trudeau. They don't like what he's done to the country. Well, there's gotta be somebody that likes them. He keeps winning. He's got, he's got the, It's just the Candace, the numbers so kind. They're so nice that they're like willing to give a, a dork like that. A second and a third chance. Well the, the farmers don't like 'em. I don't think the miners don't like him.


Well, certainly the truck drivers that were involved in that trucker convoy. That was crazy. And not just the trucker convoy, but the people that donated to the trucker convoy got their bank account shut down. Yeah. Which is just crazy. That's just crazy. Like you, you gotta have laws against that. You, that's tyranny. You can't allow people to shut down someone's entire bank account. They can't feed themselves 'cause they donated to a person who's politically opposed to what you're doing. Yep. Yeah. Anyways, Alaska, I think coming from the guy that told me that he's dead now, but I believe it. But back then there was no fact checkers. So there was no way to tell people what was going on.


So let's just tell 'em we, we, we bought it. That's interesting. Russia helped the United States win the Civil War. See, have you ever found anything on that, Jamie? No, I've never heard that before. I wouldn't be surprised though. Well the, sure. Back then they could hide all kinds of shit too. The North didn't have the, the Navy. How Much do you think Greenland's worth? Well, I was talking to my accountant this morning. I think Greenland, if it became a state, it would be the largest state in the country. Oh yeah. It's a big spot. And then Alaska would be second. But Texas is always gonna be screwed no matter how many more states we get. Texas is always gonna go down the list.


Yep. Let's, it's still huge. Greenland then Canada, Alaska, America. I kinda like Mexico too. Might as well take the whole all of it. I don't think the Mexico is big down with that. The Mexicans would probably be very upset if we tried to take over Mexico. But it would be nice if Mexico had the same opportunities as America and that it wasn't so, so attractive to try to swim across the river to get here. Well, what I don't get, Joe. We got a pretty good Navy. We got a pretty good air force. We got a pretty good military base. What the fuck are we doing? Not sending a tens down there in New Mexico and taking those fentanyl labs out.


What are you gonna do Mexico? You don't like us doing that? We just said they're terrorists. We're gonna blow up their fucking buildings. We'll tell 'em we're coming, but we're gonna blow the fuck out of that stuff. They're gonna have no infrastructure left. What are you gonna do? No more avocados. Gimme a fucking break. Send some a tens. I've, I've had a tens on my ground buzzing my ground for years. They practice on my ground. But they're awesome. Those pilots are good. Yeah. Couple little warthogs in there and it take care of business. What do you think that looks like? A war with the cartels? I've stumbled across this, but that doesn't exactly say the Same thing. It says, while all this is transpiring, one of the most unusual events, diplomatic and naval history occurred, Russia dispatched to her Atlantic and Pacific Naval squadrons to the United States ports.


They arrived in New York and San Francisco respectively in September, 1863 at a time when the tide of war had turned in the favor of the north at Gettysburg and Vicksburg. The fleets remained the United States waters for about seven months before being ordered to return to their homeland. Oh, They had a, they didn't, they must have had wooden ships then. 'cause I just found their first ironclad ship was built in Britain in 1861. Whoa. And said it stayed in Russian waters the entire time. Whoa. Because they had their own civil war just afterwards. Well, they were going to war with wood ships gangster. They knocked the shit out of the seal population.


Oh, I'm sure. Oh yeah. They're really good at what they did. What did they used to be like? Seals everywhere up there. Oh yeah. Yeah. And are they endangered now? Like what's the I don't really know. 'cause I don't, we don't have any in our area, but I have a friend that's a mechanic who's telling me, he had a lady come into his auto shop and said something's wrong with her engine. And so he went out and told her, he said, it looks like you blew a seal. And she said, no, I had tuna fish for lunch. Yeah. You don't tell a comic a joke, do you? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I've been saving that one. I know that native Alaskans are allowed to hunt seals and they eat them.


Yeah. But regular people can't. I think they share. There's weird rules on that though. Yeah. You might be able to share, but you Can't hunt. There's subsistence, subsistence Harvesting. Yeah. You ever watched that show? Life Below Zero? I have seen that. Yeah. Part of that show was like this One guy was living with this native Alaskan wife and their kids, and they would go hunt the seals and she would like shoot the seals and she had to pull the trigger and then he could help like butcher 'em up. So there's about 141,000 in non glacial areas. Now, the Wikipedia is that there were 300,000 for once a population in 1850s.


Mm. Oh no, that's sea otters. Oh. So yeah. It's, I guess I read that wrong. It Says, once a population of $300,000, 300,000 sea otters are al was almost extinct. Russia needed money after being defeated by France and Britain in the Crimean War. The California Gold Rush Show that if gold were discovered in Alaska, Americans, Canadians could overwhelm the Russian presence in what one scholar later described as Siberia's Siberia. However, the principle reason for the sale was that the hard to defend colony would be easily conquered by British forces based in neighboring Canada in any future conflict. And Russia did not wish to see its arch rival being next door just across the bearing sea.


Therefore, emperor Alexander second decided to sell the territory. The Russian government discussed the proposal in 1857 and 1858 and offered to sell the territory to the United States. So it was before all that in the Civil War, hoping that its presence in the region would offset the plans of Britain. However, no deal was reached as the risk of an American Civil war was more pressing concern in Washington. It's Plausible space for our new news today in this story, Our new news, What he said about the Russian ships that kind of fits it could happen. Yes. Because it says 1857 to 8 18 88. 1858. They agreed to sell it and offered to sell. So they agreed, but then they had to put it on, on the back burner because of the war.


So then after the war, they bought it. So it might have been that they said, look, we'll still buy it, but we help us out. This is how we gotta cover our Ass. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Well, this guy's like Dr. Emeritus in history. I mean, he knows his shit or he did. The problem Is then you have to trust those guys. I would rather trust Wikipedia. Yeah. Anything I read on like a pity's Gotta be true way Less sea otters now. 70,000. Oh, there's only 70,000 left. Yeah. That's sea otters though. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sea otters are vicious. Little fuckers Slings be up there in Nome. He sees a lot of that kind of stuff. Otters All the sea life up there.


Oh Yeah. You follow him? Yeah. There's a giant difference between like the coastal Alaska and regular Alaska. Yeah. Coastal Alaska is Wild. He's, he, he went out and just slayed the king crab last year. Oh, I'm Sure. Yeah. But that is not worth dying for that show. The, the most deadly harvest or deadliest harvest, whatever the show. I watched that show. I go, guys, get outta there. I haven't seen that show. You never seen that show? You know the show, Jamie? Right? The it's what isn't it called Deadliest Harvest? The the Crab Fishing Show? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Isn't that what it's called? Deadliest Catch. Deadliest Catch. That's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Deadliest Catch. That's right. Yeah. They're way out in the middle of the freaking ocean there. Yeah. And they're fucking rocking back and forth, guys fall overboard sometimes.


Yeah. Like fuck that. Yeah. No, that's, that's crazy. Fall For crab. And I get it. I want crab too, but not that bad guys. You get it from Slingsby. Yeah. Big crabs. You know, he goes out drills through the ice and brings 'em up through The ice. Oh yeah. He gets 'em in the wintertime. Really? Yep. So it's ocean ice. It's right off shore right there in Nome. So you can walk on the ocean ice. Oh yeah. Out there. Yeah. Yeah. How thick is the ocean ice? Thick, thicker than fuck. I didn't even know we had that. I mean, I got obviously 'cause of glaciers, but I didn't even think that there was like places where you could walk over frozen ocean and drill through it.


They have a, they have a gold mining show that they, they film off the coast of Nome where they cut through the ice and they send divers down with suction dredges. Whoa. It's on Discovery Channel to Look for gold. Yeah. Cut through the ice. They cut dive through a fucking hole in the ocean ice. Forget The name of that show. What is that cold plunge like? How long can they stay down there? Some of 'em stay down there all day. Eight hours. They'll do a whole shift. How can you do that? They have suits on that keep and they have warm water pumped into your wet suit or your dry suit. How, how deep are they down? There You Go. Is this the show? Yeah. Daring Sea Gold. Yeah.


I've met her before. She's a nice lady. She's an opera singer. This is crazy. This the way that people live so differently in the world. That there's people that, this is their reality. They get a little ice fishing hut. They set him up. Oh, it's what they're doing is just unbelievable. So what's he doing now? He's cutting holes in the ice. He's getting ready to go down. Yeah. That's Sean Rei. And this guy's got this suit. That's, and so how deep is he going? I think got down about 30 feet. Fuck that. Oh, Jesus Christ. Look at this. There You go. Fuck this dude, fuck this, this, this creeps me out.


Just watching it. And so they go All the way to the bottom to get gold. They must have a lot of gold down there. There's A lot of gold down there. Like how much is this worth? 29 degrees Fahrenheit Temperature of the water motherfucker. I mean, he has to get, he has to get through the overburden, But it's worth it. Yeah. I mean, he does quite well. What, what's quite well, like what do you think these guys pull a year? Well, they probably make more off discovery channel than they do gold mining. Really? Yeah. I think That's, they, wow. I don't know. I know a few of these guys. Yeah, they don't get much gold, but they're, But they're willing to do that.


Oh yeah. For not much gold. Yeah. But they get a pretty good paycheck. They're, you gotta remember something. And you know this, there's nothing real about reality tv. That's true. Nothing. That's true. We Did it. We did a stint with the Discovery Channel. I'm sorry, national Geographic No more. It was a disaster. Well, yeah. I mean, they, they want, they wanna make drama. They want to pit the kids against each other. Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We don't, no, no, no, no, no, no. We don't do that shit. Isn't that Hilarious? Like they, that's all those shows. All those shows are like that. They're all like, someone's squabbling. It's all housewives and Yep. You gotta hate on her and hate on him.


Those are good. Oh, these little breakers. Yeah. These are good. You Want one? No thanks. So you, you're off nicotine entirely. Well, I do this in once in a while. Once in a while. Doctor, You know what's good? He's, my doctor said that He's a Tucker Carlson's makes his own Alps. Oh, does he? Yeah. I'll give you one. Oh, Cool. No, I, I was talking to the doctor, you know, he says you might go through some nicotine withdrawals and I said, no, I won't. I quit. I'm done. He says it's not the, it's not the nicotine that's hurting you. It's the smoking that's hurting you. The carcinogenics going in your lungs and All the chemicals and all that bullshit. He says nicotine's as good as caffeine. It's just straight up Nicotine's fine.


Yeah. I believe that. And I'm going, okay. I like that. I've tried it. It's also, it's a legitimate cognitive enhancer. It's a legitimate, what they call a nootropic. It really does affect you cognitively. The thing is like, you're, the best way to get it is a cigarette. And like doing it that way is killing you. And it kills everybody. Just takes it Robs you, gives you something and it robs you. Yep. Gives you something. Takes a little away. And you don't notice. You don't notice. And I, in my case, I got to the point in my life where I'm going, I've done it for so long, something's gonna get me. Yeah. But now I realize, hey, it won't be, it won't be that it won't be smoking. It might be a a, a bear coming, you know, coming up on me without me seeing it might f drive a cat over the edge.


I don't know what'll happen. But I honestly never thought I'd get past 50 when I was growing up. Really? I thought, I thought I'd be dead by 45. Why? Child of the seventies? Man, it's all fucked up. That center. No seat belts. Yeah. You know, the, the, there's a former governor of Alaska named Walter Hickle that Richard Nixon appointed to be Secretary of the Interior in 1970. So he went and did that and went into Nixon one day and says the Vietnam War is wrong. Nixon. Nixon goes, you're fired and get outta here. So he went back to Alaska, became a governor.


Great governor. Probably one of the best governors we ever had. And at some point he was a Republican, but the Republicans already had a candidate. The Democrats had a candidate. So he ran as an Alaskan for Independence candidate. Their part party platform was to secede from the United States. And I used to be the treasurer for that group. I'm going, I like this guy. That sounds like fun. Let's do that. That guy got elected. Wow. He got, and Jack Coghill was his lieutenant governor. I knew him quite well. So he wanted to become a country. I still do, if I'm telling you my cont You want, you want the United States to take over Canada, but you want Alaska to be its own country.


This was all when Biden was there. Right. I'm thinking worst case scenario, we're gonna get the girl that didn't wanna be on your show. If we get her, I want Alaska to become its own country. We just, we just gotta get away from this. It's a train wreck. Yeah. But since Trump got in and he, he's doing the things that he said he was gonna do. Hey, I like the idea You wanna expand America? Expand America. It's a good idea. It's been done before. So you're willing to keep Alaska as a part of America. Yeah. Why don't you run for governor? Ah, fuck that. You'd be a fun governor. I Would be a fun governor and I, The way you said it. Give it a go. No, no, no, no, no, No. Successful last business man. Don't you, why don't you run for governor?


No, No, no, no. I don't have time. I'm Busy. I know you're busy, but I, I don't nah, no. I can't do it. You don't need that in your life. I'm just kidding. I'm completely kidding. People Come up and go gimme some something. This is an issue. And I'm thinking, why is it an issue? I don't give a shit about that. That's not a good politician. Right. A a a politician I knew that I talked to one day who was a state senator. He goes, here's a trick. All you do when they say that, you go, I see. That's it.


That's it. Just say, I see You listen to them. I see. And you don't really care. No, you don't give a fuck. Well, a lot of 'em definitely don't. A lot of 'em are just using it as like an audition to become president. You know, they just wanna do a good enough job to get the big job. Well, president Trump just announced recently that he wants to get a gas line built through Alaska. Mm. And talking about governors, governor Palin appointed me to be the gas line project coordinator for DOT back when she was governor. And there was another guy that worked for DOT named Frank Richards.


And so I went to work to get a gas line permit written and worked with a guy named Harry Noah, who was a commissioner under DNRs, I'm sorry, under Governor Hickle. He was a commissioner of DNR. So him and I worked on this permit to get a pipeline built through Alaska. Took us three years. I'm the guy that wrote it. I'm the guy that signed it along with Harry. So when President Trump was on his doing an interview three days after he got elected, he goes, and we have a fully permitted pipeline in Alaska to go ahead and build a gas line through Alaska. I go, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Stop the tv. Back it up a little bit. I wrote the fucking permit. I signed the fucking permit.


He's talking about some work that I did. That's all right. So Frank Richards now is the president of Alaska, Alaska Gasoline develop or project. And they just inked the deal was Japan who came in and said, yeah, we wanna buy into this. It's a $44 billion project. So what's the hurdle for pipelines and for oil drilling in the past? Is it environmental? The people worried it's gonna ruin the environment. The, there's a thing called anmar, the Arctic National Wildlife Range. I think it's, yeah. Something like that. And when the president renamed, well, Anwar, you're not allowed to drill in Anwar.


You can't drill for oil in Anwar. There's a lot of oil there. But the feds said you can't drill for oil there. You can't produce oil out of there. But that was for the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. But if you change it to the America National Wildlife Refuge, kinda like the Gulf of America, you might be able to drill in there. Is that really all it takes? You just gotta rename it. Well, apparently the Gulf of America works. So they're gonna re-drill. They're gonna start drilling in the Gulf of America now. It's by the way, very hilarious. I bet they do. When he said it at the inauguration was like, this motherfucker, like this is such a crazy thing to say. And he did it. He signed it yesterday on the way across the Gulf of America.


Yeah. I was in, where were we staying? On the way over in Louisiana having dinner. And I asked the waitress, I said, how far away are we from the Gulf of America? What if it looks big deal? Oh no. Well, we're very divided as a country. My hope is that what he does winds up being undeniably good. This is the best case scenario. That's what I hope for every president. What happens is undeniably good. Everybody benefits. And we all realize like, hey, this is, we're gonna be okay, but we should be united as a country. We shouldn't be united only with the people of our political party.


That's stupid. We're supposed to be one team And you know, this is the new coach, or this is the new president. Let's, okay. Like get on board. This is, this is what's happening now. And if there's something that you think is egregiously wrong, like all this USAID stuff, like, hey, maybe there's some really good programs in there that we should all examine and we should reinstate. But they should examine it. The idea that you shouldn't examine it, that there's no argument for that. Once you've found $200 million that goes to transgender animal tests. You know, you got some fuckery. Like you can't spend $200 million on transgender animal tests while you're $36 trillion in debt and not spending any money on East Palestine.


Yep. Like what happened to that place? Huh? What's what, what, what, what about if the toxic spill in East Palestine, what about the, the health effects of those people that deal with that burning toxic shit in their air for weeks and weeks? Yep. What happened to them? Anybody check, anybody go into that ground and see what the fucking, the groundwater's, like anybody dig that stuff out and fucking process it? Are they doing anything about That? Not yet. They go in, you can see videos where they stick sticks in the water and machine comes right out, Bro. How about Flint, Michigan? How about that? Yeah. How about their waters still fucked up? Yep. I get a glass of water. Remember when Obama did that? This is not a stunt. I want a glass of water. And he sips it like this. Like a little, like a little lizard.


He barely, he barely drank it. It's so crazy to ask for a glass of water where you know the water's polluted and you don't even drink it. That's so crazy. That's so crazy. He didn't even take a gulp. You ever see that? He sips it like this? Like this? Like barely. Have you seen it? Uhuh? You should watch it. You should watch it. 'cause it's fun. It's fun to watch. 'cause it's so crazy. It's almost like they were trying to talk him into it and he was like, I'm not drinking that fucking water. And like, listen, just drink a little bit of it just to drink. It'd be good for everybody. Just go out there and say, can I a glass of water? It Is. Sit There You go. You know, generally I have not been doing stunts here, but you know, watch This.


And What was that? This Used a filter. You know, the water around this table, you know was flint water that was filtered and it just confirms what we know scientifically. Which is that if you're using a filter, if you're installing it, then Flint water at this point is drinkable. Stop, pause. If I was in the audience, I'd be yelling, jug chug, chug, chug jug. Get him gallons of that and then monitor his diarrhea. Okay, let's what he talk He's sick. You didn't even drink that. Make your pasta in that, sir. Go, go make your rice in that water using a filter.


These people are so poor. They like, that's a very impoverished community. I bet a lot of those people don't have filters. So you're saying if they don't have filters, they're fucked. Is that what you're saying? And you only drank it like this. You barely drank it. It didn't move. The level of water didn't change. No. You just dipped your tongue in there. You didn't really drink. That's so crazy to not drink it. Well we did eight years with that guy, right? Yeah. We got out of a long relationship. Well kind of with all of them. You know, it's just the, the job of being a president is so hard. I used to say, I, I want Hillary to win 'cause I want a woman to be president. So I realize they can't fucking do that job either. Nobody does that job. Right? Everybody fucks it up.


Nobody ever gets it. Right. It's always just a disaster. Everybody, half the country at least hates you. The other ca giant percentages of the population, even on your team, are disappointed in you. 'cause you didn't do exactly what they want you to do. We've got a, we've got a pretty good group of legislators in Alaska. Yeah. Yeah. For the most part. They're all, you know, they're gonna have their squabbles and stuff, but pretty much everybody on the same page. I think you guys are different humans. Alaska's just more durable, reliable people. 'cause you have to deal with the cold and you got bears and moose and shit running around up there. Yeah. I think you make, it makes different people when you live in the same neighborhood as grizzly bears, it just makes everything a little different.


Yeah. It, it actually does. And the people are generally nice to each other and considerate. Well, they seem more, like I said, more robust. When I was in Anchorage, we, we, me and my friend Ari went up there, did some shows, did a little fishing. We were like, these people are like better people. They're like more solid. Like everybody, even just like the regular people hanging out at the bar, they're like had their shit together more. And then we were both like, I guess they kind of have to, 'cause otherwise you're freeze to death. You can't just be a fuck off up here. It's too goddamn cold. And you can't just go wander in the woods. You'll get eaten. Like you, you fucking your food Jack.


You can't go too far. Stay close. Stay with your people, support each other. Someone has a flat tire. Fucking help him. All right. Because you would want to get help too. You could die out there. That's the difference. I used to always think that if I go bear hunting, I'm gonna go with somebody who I can outrun. But now I get a lot of people asking me if I want to go bear running bear hunting. No. Yeah. You could be in the wrong spot. And it doesn't matter who's running fast, that bear's gonna get somebody or all of you. Yeah. Depending upon what's going on. But that's a dangerous kind of hunting. You're hunting something that's like the apex predator of North America. Yep. And you don't even eat it.


I have a bunch of friends who go grizzly hunting. And the way they put it, like first of all, you have to control the populations. Like if you don't, you get a situation that's happening like in Montana where they wanna list them, but they've been delisted for so long. Like the only place you can hunt grizzly bears in America is Alaska. And a lot of people that live in Montana don't think that's good. They think they should put 'em back on the list because they're just, there's way too many human interactions. I have a grizzly bear hide I got from Slingsby up in No. And it's on that 1885 pool table that I told you. Oh yeah. That you're gonna, I'm not gonna play on that pool table till you show up. Oh Jesus.


It covers that pool table. I'm sure I've got two of those now. They're big animals, man. Especially the coastal ones. Have you ever seen one, like one of the coastal ones up close? Not grizzly bears, but I've seen polar bears and stuff like that. You've seen Polar bears Up there? Well, not in Fairbanks. I've seen North of Nome. Yeah. Yeah. They have 'em up there. I mean they, they had one polar bear. Apparently it's, I don't know if it's true or not that walked into the interior of Alaska. I mean it just went traveling. Really? Gonna have me a little cross country jaunted Fuck. Running into that thing. Well they're, they, they eat nothing but meat. Yeah. They're badass motherfuckers.


They're the most badass of all of 'em. They are just 100% predator. Sketchiest bear to be around. There's this video I was watching of these guys the other day that were in a truck and they were filming this polar bear as it just kept getting closer and closer. And then, then they started panicking. Okay, it's like 30 yards away. Like that's sprinting distance. We gotta get in the truck. And they get in the truck and the polar bear just climbed on top of the truck. It was like, and he was like, we gotta start the truck and get the fuck out of here. Like this thing's gonna break the glass. They're bad. Yeah. You don't, you don't wanna fuck with 'em. They Look like that's just a can of meat to them. They don't give a fuck about you. You're just food. They live in a frozen wasteland and anything that's moving around is edible.


Yeah. Last time. Yeah. Look at these guys. Bro. Don't do that. Do not do that. Please don't do that. That's so dangerous. That's not your friend. Dude. That thing just wants to eat you. Isn't it so weird? It's so not worried about people. 'cause it's not threatened by anything. 'cause it's such a top dog that it just like will just wander right up to your building. Hey, what's inside? I smell meat. I wanna come in that building. I'm hungry. Yeah. I talked about pool. Yeah. What's that? Last time you and I were talking, you said you had a friend that makes pool cues. Yeah. Here's a chunk of mammoth ivory reform. Whoa.


This is my buddy Eric Crisp. He makes sugar tree cues. This is beautiful man. That's a good solid chunk. That's a chunk of mammoth ivory. That's wild. The exterior on, that's the blue color is called vivianite. It comes from mineralization on frozen artifacts like that. I'm gonna send him this. Yeah. And tell him to turn this into a masterpiece. Yep. He makes incredible pool cues. And he does use mammoth ivory. He uses it sometimes in the joint. Yeah. Said you said you had one that Yeah. Had Mammoth ivory in it. And What is that Jamie? A vivianite. Vivianite. Whoa. God, that's so beautiful.


That's, that's the mineralization you see on that. We find it's actually easy to find bones sometime. 'cause they're color blue. Really? Yeah. From mineralization. Yeah. Yeah. I have some that are really, really blue. That bison, the step bison skull that you gave me is a, that thing freaks people out. They're like, how old is that? Like, well, we have to get it tested, but it could be 10,000 years old. It could be 40,000 years old. Geez. The one that was found over the hill from us is 38,000 years old. Wow. I haven't tested any of my step bisons. Wow. It's 400 bucks a pop. But I would bet that one's at least 20,000, 30,000 years old.


I, whenever I have anybody on that's like an ancient history expert that's interested in like some of the lost civilization guys, we always talk about your place because I'm like that that's a place where it seems like that's evidence that something took place there that killed everything all at once. Something came in hot dude. Something Came in hot. And the way you describe it too, that there's a layer of carbon. Yeah. Where it looks like scorched earth, Burt Ben Rock, Burt gravel, you know, deep, deep 50 feet down. And since we talked last, I think I kind of figured some things out. Yeah. All that material that has ended up where we're at came in, I think we talked, it came in some kind of water event.


Some flood. Yeah. And that's called the back channel to the, to the pay. What we're, we're digging up pay out of. So there's a back channel that goes through that valley that's pretty decent and, and gold, I mean pretty rich. And the miners used to drift mine that 'cause they couldn't bucket line dredge it. And so it goes around where we're at and it keeps going downstream. So when we moved from where we were at down to let's go find the back channel. And we set up over here where we started on the left limit. We started going back up and we found some drift mines up there. And I, this bone here, I think it was from an old drift mine a couple hundred years ago.


You know that before the discoveries were even made, some guys were out there digging around and had a, had an old drift mine going on. Yeah. Because what did you date this to? The date? This three years old. That's 200 years old. Years old. And this is what kind of an Animal step bison. Wow. Either step bison or could be bear. I'm not sure how Crazy is that. They were around 200 years ago. You think that was a bear? Could I, I'm not, I don't know what The fuck. Imagine the size of that fucking thing. Like that's his shin. I don't know. You, you got, you got some experts in here and they'll tell you what it is. Yeah. I'll, we call that the Spitzer bone. Next time I got a biologist in here, I'll say, what do you think that comes from? It would've to be a very specific kind of biologist.


Right. A paleontologist worth his wait. I mean he should know. I'm not that, how Many more things have they discovered in the East River? They haven't told me. But there is, I mentioned last time a research vessel that was out there. And in this business, if someone makes a discovery on my property, that's significant. They don't talk about it. They don't want anybody to know about it. But there was a discovery made, not by Dirty Water, Don or Dan. Don. He's still out there and he's found all kinds of stuff And he posts it on his Instagram.


Yeah. Stuff that he does find. And he's found it in the exact same place that you were told Yep. That the museum dumped it off. Yep. And I posted a letter or a part of that report that I was hoping that if somebody, I'd like people to think, here, here's where it's located. Okay, here's where it was dumped. And it said at the same point where they dumped it, where m and h dumped it is where the New York City Hospital dumped their stuff. How hard would it be to go to the hospital and go look at your records and tell me where you used to dump stuff in the 1940s? Mm.


Just find out. Just ask them. M and h ain't gonna tell us. Right. But if You know the location where Dirty water Dawn found that stuff, it's gotta be in there, right? Oh, It's in there. Can you go to his Instagram, Jamie? So no, it's in there. How many different things has he recovered so far? I think he's two. Mammoth and bison and a jaw bone. It could be a horse. I haven't seen any of it with my own eyes. I haven't. It's And how much did they supposedly dump in that river? 50 tons. That is so crazy. And here's what I was gonna tell you. Someone with a research vessel was side scanning sonar and all that stuff. Apparently found something. I found a mound in the river. That's a like a hundred.


Drew probably knows better than me. A hundred feet long. 40 feet high. Whoa. 60 feet wide. Now that, that wouldn't be 50 tons, but it could be a whole bunch of other stuff in, and that's why the report said this will be a significant challenge to future archeologists. This was written in 49 to future archeologists. And I'm going, wait, archeologists are human things. You're we're talking about paleontology, which is bone things, but AM and H is the one that call it archeological exploration. So do They have human bones as well?


Hypothetically? So hypothetically on your property, they found human bones too and just dumped them in the river. If you, Why would they do that? Why don't they, why don't they come clean with the saber-tooth tigers? What do you mean by come clean with the saber-tooth tigers? Well the experts out there will tell you that saber-tooth tigers weren't found in Alaska. But you have found saber-tooth tiger skulls. Well so are they. There's, I have a correspondence posted recently. Two pages is filled with unbelievable things that Yeah, that's one right There.


That's a dirty water. Dawn says that this is the lower jawbone to a step bison. Yep. He's got some other stuff in there too, right, Jamie? Like maybe a tusk or something. Some other things. Yep. Yeah, look at that bone step bison tibia. So what are you saying though? Why would they dump off human remains? They say that. Well the letter says we have yet to find any human remains. But we found spear tips. Hmm. Well we found mammoth bones with spear tips in them and we found that stuff.


Do you have a photo of a mammoth bone with a spear tip in it? Yeah. My daughter's, where's that? Holding up a big mammoth hip bone. And it's got a spear. Where's that Bone rest Alaska, I mean, or No, but where's it, where? Where can we see that image? On My page? Oh, On, on your page. Do you have that thing with the spear? Spear tip Still in it. Spear tip's out. But we have the bone. We have two Watch. Take it out. We have a a couple bones like that Joe. Watch. Take It out. Supposed to leave it in there. In fact, I posted a picture of 12, or I think it's around 12 spear points that were sent to A and h that disappeared. Shit. Disappeared. Well, You know what, I was talking to a guy the other day about this and he was saying that he thinks what happens is Dan Richards, that it goes to wealthy people.


Oh yeah. The wealthy people offer them a bunch of money. Wealthy donors. They want to get it for their collection. And he was talking about a bunch of different stuff that goes missing. I have a, a letter I just posted here just in case we wanted to talk about it from Childs Frick, who was head of a m and H back when this was all going on. His dad was Henry Frick. His dad was the most hated man in America for a while, for killing his people. And he was a steel guy. A steel steel industry founder Killing his workers. Yeah. They wanted overtime pay and they didn't wanna work so hard. And he brought in the, the gang. One of those hired thugs to the Pinkertons or Oh Really?


Whoever it was. And murder people. Yeah. They, I don't know how many they killed of his, his guys. He was ruthless. Henry Frick was ruthless and his kid childs was the one that set this deal up. This tripartite agreement, which is also included in this letter about am and H's responsibility with these bones, was to just take those of scientific value and do a report on everyone they took. They took over 40 years. They took tons and tons and tons of them did no reporting. Nothing dumped 50 tons in the river. 'cause they didn't have a place to store 'em apparently. Or didn't care. That's so crazy. But why would they dump human bones?


'cause they would think I, I would think that that would be very valuable. You saying archeology. So you think it's just, just spear tips and shit like that. They found human bones. I'm willing to say that they found them. It would also be very confusing if you found Alaskan spear tips in the East River. That would be the confusing thing for archeologists. I would imagine they're saying too, kind of, right? Yeah. Well you find a, you find a bone as a spear tip in it or a bone that obviously had a spear tip in it 'cause of the way it's broken. I mean, I have a baby mammoth hit bone that is like that. Yeah. Identified by reputable paleontologists.


I'm Looking for, here's just a for instance. I stumbled across New York Times articles talking about On everything the secret of New York's mass graves Back from, since the 19th century. Wow. Hiring prisoners for 50 cents an hour to jail inmates paid to move mass graves. There would've been no markings of who was what? Oh, so they've dumped that in the river too. Prob Look where Where it is. I mean, they Just dumped the bodies in the river. How gross. They didn't use coffins until recently. That's nuts. What about vampires? Well, I mean they put 'em in stuff, but like a real nice box. Come on man. Did you see Dracula? Yeah. People are gross.


You know, they've been throwing things in that river forever. Yep. You know, like most of the world, you go around rivers in most of the industrialized world, those rivers are disgusting. Well our state legislature, I told you last time I was gonna go political on this. I've got no desire to litigate this thing. Litigation just takes a long time politically. I told you last time we're gonna go this route. And I have a letter I just posted from the Alaska State legislature to A MNH to return the bones from the Senate majority. The guy that wrote, that's by a fellow by the name of CL Bishop.


And he was the Senate president, signed it with him. But click is a good, honest, decent goldmine legislator. He was termed out this time and decided not to run again. 'cause I suspect he'll run for governor here and he probably win in a couple years. And CL click is one of those guys that wants the bone back. We met with him and his chief of staff, the president of the university and the museum guys and some other state legislators. And Wow, We want 'em back. This is very interesting.


We understand there are unopened crates sitting in storage in New York. They present an opportunity for further scientific discovery in fields such as paleontology, ecology, and anthropology. Therefore, facilitating the return of this collection is crucial to ensure access for researchers, educators, and students within Alaska. Thereby advancing scientific knowledge and understanding of the state's natural history. There are researchers in Alaska ready and waiting to open these crates that have been collecting dust in your basement. Yeah. Get at it. Give up the boxes. Yeah. Yeah. Bring 'em home. Bring 'em home. Well and I made the offer to build the research facility store everything.


We'll bring 'em all back here. The scientists can have access to 'em. But the bones are not leaving Alaska. They're not leaving Alaska. You don't trust them anymore. Fuck no. Why would you? Why would I? Why would you? I don't. It shouldn't. And I get a lot of people, oh I need a, I need a mammoth bone for my, our studies. You're just trying to collect something here. Yeah. Fuck off. I'll never get it back. Come on up and find it. Yeah. You know, come find them. They're, you know, they're all over the place. That's what's nuts is that you keep finding them. Like what was that event like? That led so many bodies to be in this small area. Cause you said it's only like five acres or something like that. 2.1. 2.1. Yeah. We added maybe a point, another 0.1.


But there's another area that you said that's a little larger Just Yeah. Downstream. Makes this one look like a piker. How big is that area? It's a mile long. Whoa. This is only little And you're finding them there too. Oh yeah. So this main area where you're pulling most of this stuff is only 2.1 acres. Yeah. That's crazy. That is what a dump of bodies. It must have been. Yeah, it was incredible. So when we started back down at the mouth and headed up the left limit, we hit some fairly modern day drift mines on that side until we got farther up and we went All the way up to where we had been set up before and we crossed back over tracing this back channel.


'cause that's where the gold was. We didn't get maybe 50 feet and we were finding these steel tubes sticking outta the ground. Well that's how they used to melt permafrost. But this was virgin ground. It would never been mine. So we kept going and we found some pretty significant things over there. And we're on the, we're on the, we're on the hunt. Oh. I mean, imagine what the event must have looked like to lead all those bodies in one small area. I mean, it only makes sense that that was a mass extinction event, right? Am I wrong? It went over thousands of years because we've dated anywhere from 40,000 year old bones to, you know, 12,000 year old bones in that deposit.


Wow. So, so Everything kept dying there. So it might, it might've been multiple events. Yeah, Might might've been. Well that was one of the things they thought about the younger dryers impact theory. Right. They think there was multiple times where that happened. And then I wonder what the population density was like of animals back then too. 'cause if you do have these enormous animals that are very difficult for predators to hunt and they manage to get into large numbers and they can defend themselves. Like if you have a, a large population of wooly mammoths and bisons and step bisons and fucking saber two tigers up there. What the fuck did that look like? Like if you're finding that many bones, imagine going back in time 30,000 years ago and just being a fly on the wall and seeing what life was like back then.


Well, we can't seem to find anybody that's willing to come up there and study it. You know, I've made all these offers, generous offers. Do you think 'cause of the restrictions? 'cause they're scared that you're gonna own everything and you're gonna Well the two of the employees at a m and h happened to have a conversation with somebody that is related to the state of Alaska, employed by the state of Alaska, where they said, we don't want the bones to get into reeve's hands because they'll lose the scientific community will no longer have access to 'em. And they're real valuable and we think he's gonna sell 'em. Now, the people that he'd said that to was with the, of some legislatures university employees and where we were at, you couldn't even count the fucking number of tusks.


And so here's, That's such an ignorant thing to say. 'cause if you're gonna sell 'em, you already have way more than you need to sell. We're Not, we're not there to sell tusk. I want to figure out I'm goofball this way. What the fuck happened? Why did 80, 65% of the world's megaphone or North Americas, why'd it go all extinct all at once? Yeah. What the Fuck? Yeah. And they have in that collection that they didn't dump in the river. And my collection was, let's say it's a 2000 square foot or 2000 piece jigsaw puzzle. I got 42 pieces over here.


They got the rest. I'm not gonna solve anything with 42 pieces. I want it all. Put it all back in Alaska. Let the State of Alaska study the fuck out of it. And we will tell you how the extinction event happened. It's been paleontologists know that. But they don't have money. They don't really wanna put up with the shit they have to do to get it. You know how hard it is to dig an ice in permafrost? Well I see those hoses you use. Yeah, but I'm not digging it. I'm thawing it. Right. Take a scalp. You know how the paleontologist see 'em on TV with the little scalpel And you know, toothbrush and shit that don't fly around there.


You gotta, you gotta melt it and get it the hell out of there. And that's, people are criticized for how we do it. But if we don't do it, we don't get it. And we're not gonna use mechanical equipment on it. 'cause I don't wanna destroy it. I could strip that old 2.1 acres and two shifts and I'd lose every fucking bone because it'd be smashed. Right. You run a D 10 across that stuff. It ain't going right. Ain't gonna survive, Man. Of course. No, the way you're doing it seems like the only way to do it. It is the only way to do it. It's just all these paleontologists, they're all connected to universities. Right. They're all connected that way. And they don't want to piss off of m and h because Right.


We can't hire, this guy needs our grant money to do what he does or he needs to be our employee. Hey, here's one for, here's one for Elon Musk and his Doge guys. Go check into those guys and see where their money goes. The m and h, see where their money goes, the federal grants they get, see where that stuff goes. You know, might as well. 'cause that's the only way you're gonna bring 'em, to bring 'em in to heal. These guys have been running unfettered forever. Nobody checks on it. The management's horrible. Nobody comes in and says, what'd you spend that 2 million on? And I don't know.


Look at that funny looking bird over there under, it is outta control. Do you know this for a fact? Like, have you looked into it? Do you know how they run? Or do you just, just basing this on your interactions with them? I'm basing on my interactions with them, but I will tell you this, one of the main people that, You know, people say, you need to litigate this, you need to sue their ass. I'm pretty good at that. I'm, You know, I've been involved in two of the longest lawsuits in state history and I've won both of them. So I'm betting like hall of Fame kind of stuff. But the guy that made the deal with me is, I can't depose him.


You can't depose him. It's like, be deposing a cabbage. Let a head let a head of lettuce. What Do you mean? He's like, Biden, that's Why they Oh, he's gone. That's what I hear. Oh. But he's still employed. He's still pulling in a pretty good paycheck to me that, you know, maybe you do that in the private sector, maybe you do it, but, and I don't know how much money that am and h gets from the feds, but we looked into it a little bit. They get some if, if, if they don't wanna give Alaska the state of Alaska. If you look at who wrote that letter, it's not John Reeves now. It's the state of fucking Alaska.


And I told, I told you it's the only way to get 'em back. We gotta get our politicians up there going, no, no, no, no, no. And are they willing to do this? They've just wrote a letter saying that What's what you supposed to do? So what's the next step? I don't know. We haven't gotten a response from that fucking letter. Do they have to respond? Apparently not. Yeah. That's part of the problem, right? Yeah. Oh fuck these Guys. They're not accountable. Yeah. Fuck 'em. Fuck this dirt tramp up there. They're the A MNH. They're prestigious institution that's beyond reproach, sir. And, and and I, I said, I know, you know, if you have the politics lined up right and you see the right people where they should be and you got people that wanna just do, that's all I wanna do is the right thing.


Right. Just do the right thing. Is the A MNH, is that where you go to see the dinosaurs? Yeah. Well they do that. That's cool. Yeah. Drew and I, my wife and Laura went to New York to meet with a and h and they had to stand in the rain for four hours and then wouldn't meet with us. Really? Yeah. Oh yeah. He told me this. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not surprised you're, you're a problem. They'd rather just avoid you than deal with whatever happened when they dumped 50 tons of bones in the East River and they have a bunch more just sitting there. What do you think they would discover if you got it all? What would like be best case scenario?


You get All the bones back. Alaska winds. Yeah. You bring researchers over there. They they work with you. Yeah. What do you think They discover? They discover what? Why all this megafauna. What, what happened? Why did the sea levels rise? 400 feet all at once. What went on here? They, they, there's animals that we found they said didn't exist there. Now they haven't amended that. Even though you found those. That's, that seems crazy to me because They're doing a little backpedaling now. But what they need to do is put All the pieces of the puzzle on the table and start putting it together. So you found, tell me the animals that you found that are there that aren't supposed to be there. Saber tooth, tigers. One of 'em. Right? Dire wolves.


Dire w dire wolves. Yeah. Wow. Badgers, Badgers, Badgers. They're not supposed to be there. I told you elk last time and you pointed out there's an island that has some elk on it. Yeah. But they were planted there. They're they're not. Oh, they were, yeah. Elk were not known to be up in my neck of the woods. Oh, no kidding. And moose came in later, but they didn't even know moose was up there in that time. We found four of 'em. So moose were up there and there was a transition from grasslands, which is good for the mammoth and the bison and the horses and the caribou to the woodlands where browsers could feed.


Right. The mastodons, the mammoths, the, or not the mammoths, the other animals that ate that kind of stuff. And the carnivores were having a field day, didn't, they didn't care. Right. Who's eating what Do you think they brought in elk to hunt? Or do you think they brought 'em in to just to have them there? I think, no, they weren't brought in to Check. How did elk get on a fog? Kn island. Yeah. Brought him There in 19 28, 9 19 29. Eight eights, eight calves moved from Washington. Wow. Just eight in Washington. That makes sense. 'cause they're Roosevelt elk. That totally makes sense. Roosevelt elk are a larger bodied animal that has smaller antlers than a rocky mountain. R Yeah.


Roosevelt elk in Alaska originated from a transplant of eight calves, captured an Olympic peninsula of Washington state in 1928 and moved to a fog neck island in 1929. Wow. That's crazy. We find sheds of the, of the elk. Oh, the antlers. Oh yeah. Wow. And those are like thousands of years old. Really? Yeah. So they were there already. Well, that's the thing about elk. They came across the bridge in this country, right? Yeah. In this country. They used to be everywhere. Yep. And then people just wiped 'em out when they had market hunting. That's, you know what? When they made it illegal to sell wild game, that was the reason for it. Because everybody was poor. People were just killing everything they could.


And they almost wiped them out. They, they wiped out a lot of species like elk used to be in every state. And now they're, You know, in a handful. And they've repopulated them in some areas. Pennsylvania, Kentucky. There's been a bunch of success stories of repopulating elk to the point where they can hunt them now, but they used to be everywhere, including Texas. Mammoth. Whoa. Yeah. That's the, whoa. That's the one that had a spear tip in it. Really? Do you have a photo of it with the spear today? I have a, have a little video of it. Where? That's on my phone someplace. God dammit. Find it. I wanna See it. I'll, I, I'll find it now. I I would never take that spearpoint out. I'd have that thing on display. That is the coolest thing ever.


That's cool. Spearpoint inside of a mammoth phone. Just stuck right in it. Fuck. That's Cool. I have another picture up there. If you wanna pull that bison head up the spear point in it. Still in it. Really? Right here by the, oh my god. By the eyes. Where's That? Not that one. That was fairly recently, Jamie. Oh, really? That I posted it? Yeah. Without a doubt. Mike, You're going the wrong way. Oh, this Is, well there's the Trump thing. We should go read the comments. Oh yeah. You're a terrible person. Here's click Bishop. He's the senator that sent the letter. Keep Going. Shout out to click.


Yeah. It's in there Somewhere. How often do you post? I posted these to make it easy for Jamie to find, these are all, I'm like, I'm back months now. I was going back to the top of your feed. Is, was it months ago or was it recently? The last probably in the last week or two. Yeah, that's what I was going Oh, oh, I'm sorry. I gave you the wrong direction. It's, sorry. Just the top. See it anywhere. Whoa. Look at that skull. Yeah. Keep going. Oh. Hmm.


That's a mammoth brain by those sunglasses. Really? That's a brain. Yeah. Half a one. So was that mineralized? It was found fossilized, frozen. Dehydrated. That's what that looks like. Yeah. Wow. What'd you do with that thing? It's In the freezer. Right next to the frozen pizza. Yeah. Go down next to the ice cream. Yeah. That's a mammoth brain. That's 30,000 years old. There's another one that got hit by a spear. Wow. That's a, that's a little mammoth. That's some fucking penetration right there, Jack. Yep. That's amazing. But where's the skull? Where's this skull? Oh, there it is. Right there. Where?


Right smack that in the middle. That one? Yep. Where's the point? Right by the arrow. Right by the arrow. Yep. Go up right there. Where No go. Where the cursor was. Right there. That's a tip. Yep. Whoa. So it's kind of mineralized too. Yep. Stuck right in it welded to its face. Whoa. How could, how did you know that that's what that was? It looks like a tumor to me. Did you get, did you have to clean it up to see the difference? It, It's been cleaned up quite a bit. It's not bone, it's stone. Wow. And you're gonna leave it in there like that? Yep. Yep. Did you get an x-ray of it or anything so you could see it?


No. No. Oh, I'd want to see that. That's amazing. What is it like being on a piece of land that at one point in time was just like this insane habitat? I mean, it must have like some bizarre feel to just the land itself when you're pulling out saber tooth tiger skulls and woolly mammoth tusks. And it just must feel insane that you're pulling all this stuff out of the ground that you live on. Well, we live in the ice age. That's a, we go to work in the morning and we're in the ice age. Yeah. It's, it's a different way to think. You see something, you go, okay, what the fuck, what, what, what is this?


You, you find something and you go, that's not human. I mean, that's not, that's not a, that's not, that tool was made by human. If you go back to that. But also if you find humans, you gotta hug and keep it on the dl. I think so. I would, I would imagine. I don't know. I don't know either. I Don't know. Nothing. Never. But I would imagine if I found some humans, I would tell 'em nobody. Well, that we found that one tool that was obviously shaped by humans. Right. Carbonated 25,000 years old. Wow. And it looks like it was sawed. And it looks just like if I was to take this cup, you know, you hold it in your hand just like something to mash anything with.


Right. Like a mortar and Pe tenderized. There it is. Right There. Got it. Right there. Yep. So that's a stone tool. That's mammoth bone. Mammoth bone. But if you look on the next picture, So the bottom of that thing was, oh wow. That's 25,000 years old. Yep. And it's saw off at the bottom. Yep. That's nuts. And if you look closely, you can see the, there's some kind of organic material in some of those cracks and crevices. And you can see some schrager lines in there. What is a schrager line? Does that mean like, saw That's a line in the Mammoth ivory that's different than elephant ivory. Oh, as You can tell with the difference. And this was probably sought off a long time ago and now it's kind of fossilized.


Right. Without, without any prompting. Joe, I've given that thing to other people to hold. You know, it sits like that. They pick it up. It's the first thing they fucking do. Really. Just like, I know what this is. So it's a tool. Everybody picks it up. Well, whatever it is, it's Perfectly in your hand. It Certainly seems like humans made it. Oh yeah. There's no way you get something that's that flat outta nature. And it's not like those things snap off. They're not like elk antlers. They don't regrow 'em. Right. Well the o the other thing is, I said this last time, I'll say it again.


We'd lived with Willy Mammoth for tens of thousands a years. We know what that thing, what that tool is. It's in our DNA first thing we do when we pick it up, boom, boom, boom. We don't feel like that about rats. People. Ugh. Willie Mammoth. Little kids love them. Parents love them. Everybody likes Willie Mammoth. You think it's our DNA? 'cause we used to hunt them. Fuck no. We live with them. I think we domesticated them. What? I think we've lived side by side with them. Really? I really do. Why do you think they domesticated them? What makes you think that? Okay, you got a big hairy animal. Right?


Boy, they got to like muskox, let's get some of this and make clothing out of it. Let's, let's, let's take this fur. Right? But why that, why domesticate them versus hunt them? Well, you hunt 'em with a spear. I mean, you can knock one over if it's dead or you stick a spear in it. Crippled. But do you think they actually kept them as like stock? No, I think they just lived together. They Just lived together. Yeah. They didn't, it's like that polar bear you saw walking up that guy's truck and William Ma go, what the fuck you can do to me? Right. Well if you want to kill half your tribe, go try to stick a spear in that guy. Right. He's got 10 foot tusks. Right. And He'll clear the Field.


And also you gotta penetrate all that fur and all that hide With a spear. With A spear that you're throwing. And people go, well they had at lateral, okay, where are you gonna build an aada on a grassland? Right. Where there's no sticks. Well, Are they making a spear then? Well, I don't know. How are they making a Spear? They must have some sticks. Right. That's what I'm saying. They didn't, they had spears that they had wood big enough for a spear. But add adds are not spear size. Well, it's a different shape certainly. But if you have enough wood to make a spear Was, I was, wouldn't you have enough wood to make an ada? I mean, when, when's the invention of the ada? I don't know. Let's find that out. But if you had a spear that you crafted, we have a picture of the spear tips that were sent in New York and they, that doc other document in there talks about finding them in association with the bones.


They weren't studying this stuff. They just wanted a m and h just wanted the booty. Mm. That guy, Charles Frick wanted these things back in New York City. So here's the adile 17,000 to 21,000 years ago. So if it's 25,000 years ago, it might not even be an alala, but who knows how accurate they are with this like 20. I mean, that's a big gap. 17,000 to 21,000 years ago. But this is also people that didn't think that Saber tooth Tigers lived in Alaska. Right. It's, it's all artists renditions. All the stuff that we've been taught is based on what somebody painted or drove or sketched Or they initially established and now they've been defending that timeline.


Or even some of the cave drawings. It shows people sitting on Willie mammoths. Really? Yeah. I've seen 'em before online. You know, if you, if you believe everything you see, Like when Ted t rode that buffalo on stage, like that kind Of thing. Oh that was good. But that kind of thing. Yeah. You know, like they, they domesticated them. That's interesting. Well we know humans have domesticated elephants, right? Yeah. And they did it a long time ago. And they rode elephants. I mean, we know they do it in India. Yeah. You wrote 'em. Yeah, I wrote 'em in Thailand. I don't recommend it. Yeah. Just seems like it could go wrong. Yeah. I don't think I'll make, that'll be part of my thing. Yeah. You can make friends with them first. They have a whole process.


You do. You feed them, you give them sugar cane, you hose 'em down, take care of 'em. You, you'd be nice to them first and then they let you ride them. But you gotta be nice to them. Even when you're riding them, you have to have like good energy. They don't, I don't think they necessarily enjoy having a little fucking human on their back. So it's like, it's their world. It just seems like a dumb idea. Like, I'm happy just petting you and giving you food. I don't need to ride you. This is pretty Badass Looking for, is that an Adela? I Think this might be the one they found. Oh, the Cave in France. Wow. Antler carved out antler. Wow. Who's a wizard that figured out how to make something to put extra leverage on a spear.


His name was Hook Musk. That was the other thing that Dan Richards was bringing up. Like the fact that bow and arrow is a difficult thing to invent, but yet they invented it all over the world. Does that make sense? Or were people traveling from all over the world with the technology of the bow and arrow and spreading it around the world. You say that might make more sense than all these people from all these different spots all figuring out this complicated thing where you get a thing, you pull it back, you get a string and you're letting loose that and the air has to fly. Perfect. And eh, more likely someone figured it out in some place And it was so awesome that they started spreading that idea across the world. Yeah. And it takes a while back then to get the word out.


Yeah. I mean, people had to travel to spread the word. They didn't, I don't think they had smoke signals that they could explain it in the sky. I Don't think you'd be able to explain a bow and arrow in the sky with smoke signals. I'm willing to go on a limb on that. We come up with an expression of the cloud. We use the cloud now. Yeah. That was the original cloud. Smoke clouds. But I mean, what did they send? Were they, did they have a code when they had smoke signals? Or was it just the smoke itself? Yeah. I had no idea. So you found spear tips. Have you found arrowheads as well? Not arrowheads. Only Spear tips. Spear tips. So it's more primitive. Yeah. And and the way we collect, we don't get All the small stuff, but we bail All the small stuff out of the drainage and we stack it so it can get, it can be gotten later.


We don't lose any of it. But you might have a bunch of like spearheads just laying around. I bet we have millions of what I call micro fossils. Millions really. And the stuff that we bail with the, with the equipment. And just stack it up. When you first discovered the saber-tooth tiger head, when was that? I, I found one in 1974. That was the first one. Yeah. But I was mine up north. And when you found that, what was the reaction to that? Did it have the, the teeth in it and everything? Or was it just, It had one full tooth and one broken half. Really? And I, I think I told you the British Museum visited. Yeah. Guy offered to take it back and clean it and restore it and send it back to me.


Never saw it again. Of course the one that was sent to the, How fucking gross is that? That they just keep doing that same shit. They do it all. That's what they do. Yeah. And in the last year or two, Why should you have it? This is important for humanity. Some dirty gold miner. The Smithsonian ammunition got in trouble for grave robbery. Robbery robbing. Most museums have done that. They've taken artifacts from cultures and they just keep 'em. So these people, they found this saber. They got this saber tiger. Wow. Look at that One. That's a cave lion skull that we found. Holy shit. Was that supposed to be there? The cave lion? Yes. That was, that's the only, that's the best one in ever found in Alaska.


Wow. My son Kenzie and I found that together. Fucking a that thing's amazing. Look at the teeth on that thing. Yep. So this saber tooth skull is probably very valuable that you found. Yeah. And I've seen them for sale. Right. A m and h says they don't have one. But we were going through the shipping records and we can see where they were shipped. One, the correspondence that I just posted talks about 'em getting them and camels and other, you know, other things that were sent somehow disappeared. Does Lorenzo Fertita have a saber tooth skull in his office?


See if that's true. Lorenzo Fertita is one of the gentlemen who owned the UFC before they sold it to WME. Billionaire character loved MMA and really was the reason why the UFC blew up along with Dana White and his brother Frank. Yeah. Since he bought It from a museum in Dallas. Yeah. Lemme see what that looks like. I have a picture on it. I think it's like a lot of money. So if you think about your skull and this asshole gets a hold of it, there's probably some asshole over there that's really rich. I was offered 85 grand for that one. Yeah, Yeah. Here's One for 500 grand. Whoa. Just sold that adoption. Holy shit. Holy shit's right man.


Holy Shit. How fucking amazing must that thing have been to see live. They got a bunch of Mittler Brea guitar pits. I mean a bunch. How much did Lorenzo Fertita pay for the one Does it say I didn't see It. Did There was just an article that had words that didn't have the picture of it. Did you Google Lorenzo Fertittas and see images? I Mean it, that's what, yeah. And that shows me other sa I can't What about that article? That first article? That's what I, no picture of it in that picture. How dare You Bloody Elbow. You would think that a website called bloody elbow.com would really be on top of it. It was 15 years old. That's 2010. 2012 Was when the article was posted. Oh wow. It says $160,000 there.


What? It's only 160 grand Fossilized sa two Types. Oh, I thought it was like millions. Could be, Could be small too. I don't know. Yeah. I wonder what that one that was sold at the auction went for. How fucking cool are those things though, man? Like what a wild, amazing design that nature created. This is a whole skeleton fuck. 40 million years old. It says, Wow. How many of of you found up there of Sarah tooth skulls? Two. Just two. Wow.


Wow. Yeah, it's, it's when you come up, you let, give me enough of advance notice and maybe send Jamie up in advance and we'll put a little, Jamie never leaves his apartment and he's not gonna go to Alaska. Look at him. What's He gonna do with Carl? Can he bring Carl up there? Carl won't survive. Carl will get along just fine with our dogs. He'll run off. We'll put up a putting green for him. He'll attack your dogs. He's a little torpedo. But put up a, you need to start coming up there in the summer and we'll do, is that the move some The Summertime podcast? The Summertime podcast from Fairbanks. The Bone, the Bone Crew. Bring your friends with you. It'd be like, protect our parts only parks only different.


Protect our parks in Fairbanks. That would be fun. It would Be fun. That would be a good one to do it at your area where you do it. Put it in archive building, take a Day, tour the site. Yeah. It's just, I want more people to know about it. I really do. Because I don't think I've ever heard of anything like that. I don't think I've ever heard of a, a spot like that where there's that many wooly mammoth bones and cave bear bones and all this shit. You're pulling outta the ground. We have fun with it. I mean, how Many different dead animals, like different extinct types of animals? At least half a dozen. Wow. At least. I mean it's just, I don't know because we have 300,000 fossils And you haven't examined all, Oh fuck no.


No. We only have time to pick 'em up. And maybe I'll take a picture or maybe Drew Will or one of my guys, my kids, my wife. Somebody might take a picture of it or we'll take a picture of them holding it. It Seems like such a lost opportunity to know about things. And unless you're willing to give in to these guys who have obviously been deceptive with you in the past. How do you get real studies done up there? I got, it's such a conundrum. The bones ain't go anywhere. Right. If The, if, if the timing ain't right, the timing ain't right. If the politics aren't right, I'm not, I'm not gonna litigate this. It's not worth my time. It's also, they've shown that they're not willing to be honest with you.


The people with the British Museum that stole your sa truth, tiger Skull. What's going on with the A MNH? Like why would you work with anybody when you don't have to? No, I don't want to. If they're not gonna play fair, I don't wanna play with 'em. It's such a fucking shame because it's such an amazing site. It's such an amazing area that I would think that they would be flocking to try to work with you. Just do anything they can just for the information. I mean, think of how many discoveries, first of All, the proven fact that Saber-Tooth Tigers lived in a place they didn't think they lived, that alone should be worthy of discovery. I need take a leak.


You need to take a leak. We can wrap this up. It's No, no, no, no, no. I got stuff. I'm not done yet. Oh, We're not done yet. This is Dana Skull, not Dana has one. Yeah. Oh geez. Look at that thing. That's, so, I read through the Article And it was saying Dana, Dana bought it from a Museum. Holy shit. That's amazing. All right, we'll take a leak. We'll be right back. Dana White got an awesome skull. All right, we're back sir. Well that pneumonia has a certain amount of recovery time. I'm sure. How long is it? Three months maybe. Really? God damn. Took 50 years for me to fuck up my lungs. But I'm cleaning them up now. Well, now's as good as time as ever. Just definitely better now than tomorrow.


It's the only time. Yeah. So where were we? Dana White has a giant saber tooth tiger head in his office. Wow. And you were telling me you had topics that you wanted to cover that you brought notes. Well We were talking about the gas line. Right. Got that going and No, there's no worry at all about the environment with these gas lines. There always is. You're gonna have people soThe people. We don't want this. We Alaska's They're worried about environmental disasters. Right. Yeah. But that oil pipeline's been running for, for a long time. Provides 12% of our country's gas oil. No problems.


Well we had a problem at, you know, Bly Reef. What was that? The Exxon Valdez. Oh yeah. That was a big problem. Yeah. Yeah I remember that. That was 1988, right? Wasn't it? Don't remember the exact date. I think it was. 'cause I remember people were freaking out that that thing wrecked. An emptied out. Whole oil tanker. 89 Exxon Valdez Oil tanker ran aground Bly Reef in Alaska's. Prince William Sound spill released more than 11 million gallons of crude oil, the largest oil spill in US history at the time. But that's probably not nearly as much as that one that blew out in the ocean.


That was just spraying oil. Yeah. I mean that had to be, yeah, probably more than that Is. You're talking about the one in the overseas or the one Here? The one here. Deep Water Horizon. Yes, that one. How much did that release? I'm looking, It doesn't say That's what people are scared of. Says There was con continuously releasing oil natural gas for 87 days. Geez. Well I brought you some goodies. What'd You bring? Well, some things that you can remind you of the boneyard. Oh, Okay. We make a, I got a little bag here for you two. Jimmy, What do you got here buddy?


Stuff Stuff. Stuff that Drew and I make. Oh, guitar picks. Oh Snap. Didn't we give one to Gary Clark Jr. Yeah, You did. Thank you for, for that. We Did. Oh my Pleasure. Thought you might want some more. This one, there's some little, little pendants You can give 'em to your kids or whoever to put on a necklace. Those are pieces of Mammoth Ivory. And how Old do you think this little piece is? That's a pendant. That's probably 30, 40,000 years old. Isn That Nuts Drew and I make those. Doesn't this seem kind of crazy? That's so much of it. You, you're allowed to just carve it up and make stuff out of it. We just use broken stuff. Yeah. Yeah. We just, we have tons of broken tusks. They can't be restored complete tusk.


We don't, we just restore 'em and then move on to the next one. And most of 'em you just have stored, you must get a lot of offers where people wanna buy 'em. Right? Yeah. What do you tell 'em? Go pound sand. I don't tell 'em that. I just say, Hey, go fuck yourself. Got an image, Joe. I understand. Yeah. No, I, I just don't sell tusks. I don't sell any bones. Not even a, not even a, I can give the stuff away 'cause I own it. I, I can give it away, but I don't sell it. Have there been anybody, any researchers or anybody, all these appearances that you've done on the show, it's sort of gotten that whole area a lot of attention.


Has there been anybody that has expressed legitimate interest in working with you? There has been expressions of interest, but they want to come up and they have no place to study stuff. They want to send it all outside to their house and wherever. Right. Or their, their university wherever. And you don't want that option. It won't come back. Right. And the work won't get done. Right. Or at least it won't come back. At the very least it won't come back. Now you recall last time I was here I gave you some gun grips from the guy that makes those burquette customs. Well, since then he got into making firearms. Oh boy. So he made it a Jew and I, a couple 19 elevens.


I posted those real nice that he's getting into that. Oh, look at that. Oh. And he uses your map. Wow. Look at those handles. That's crazy. Isn't that something? Woo. Now is that the blue one? What is the, is that the blue mineralized? It's, yeah, it's, that's a section of a mammoth tooth that's, that's been cut. Wow. And the one on the bottom is mammoth tusk. And so the mammoth tooth that's been cut, is that the natural color of it? That blue? No, I think he, I think he might have put a little coloring in it. Oh Wow. That's beautiful. In the epoxy. Isn't that something? That is beautiful. And he got our name on the guns too. Wow. And the logo. Well Now we can say we were insured by Burquette.


Don't Rob a bank with that gun. 'cause they're gonna know who you are. Yeah. They got cameras that'll tell 'em. That's Pretty dope. Anyway, so he did that. And then the other guy who you both have carvings from, Chuck Lee is his name. And you know that one thing that you have the, the pipe with the tusks. Right? I don't think you've ever used it. No. That's his kind of stuff. Oh, I see. So he knew I was coming on your show. And he goes, can I make you and Joe a, a special carving? And can you give Joe his when you see him?


I said, yeah, I'll give it to him when I go down there. So I brought it to you. It's here in this box. This is okay. This is the kind of stuff. Okay. This is kinda, Thank you. Yes. All Right. I'll open it right now. Yeah. Should you open it Right now? Yeah. All right. Was his name's Chuck Lee? Probably the best ivory car on the planet. There's a picture of him carving a, he carved a letter opener for the Pope. There's a piece of tape there in the middle, Joe, on the front, right where your hand is. Oh, I see. It might have to cut it or something. Yeah. There we go. Whoa, this is crazy.


What is this Mammoth tooth with a ma mammoth carving into it. That is incredible. Look at that. The size of that tooth is insane. Yep. It's so heavy. Yep. My God. That's amazing. Carving too. Oh Fuck. Look at that. That's so be That will stay here. Right here. I'm gonna clear off a spot for it. Yep. There we go. Right here. That's sick. That's amazing. That'll go right next to your other bone. Thank you very much. That's incredible. What's his name again? Chuck Leak. Chuck Leak. Shout out to Chuck Leak.


Mammoth. Mogul. That's Incredible. His Instagram part Of me feels bad that he carved into this tooth. 'cause I kind of just would rather have the tooth. But the the art artwork, artwork itself is insane. We can arrange that, Joe. Well, I like it by itself too. I like the, the art too, but it's just like, I just feel weird about people carving into stuff that's so valuable and ancient. I've had him make me one for every animal that found, he's got 'em with horses. Jamie, you gotta pick this up. Feel how heavy this is. This is so crazy. Here, Joe. Hand, hand Jamie this tooth. It's a fucking tooth.


It's crazy. It's crazy that that's a tooth. How big were these fuckers? Huge. That's a, that's probably an adult female. That's amazing. Yep. Yeah. And they want us to believe that hunter's wiped all those out. No Way. It's beers. Shut the fuck up. No, they, anyways, Chuck has made, for every animal that we've found out there, he's made a, taken a mammoth tooth and carved the animal inside it just like that mammoth. Oh, Wow. Including saber-tooth tigers. Wow. Look at that one. That's incredible. Amazing work. It's really good. Well, I want to get the saber-tooth tiger back right now. I can't seem to find it.


One museum stole one, and I think the other museum stole one too. So one museum stole one. The British Museum stole one, the one where you took and Am and H says they never got one. Oh. But the correspondence that's listing there talks about 'em being shipped to New York talks about the agreement we had with a and h. Oh, it never got there. Sorry. Otto Geist was a scumbag that collected for him. He was a railroad field hand. Now he ended up with a doctorate in anthropology from the University of Alaska who was in on this whole deal. Well, I would guarantee that if I lived in like 1920 or some shit like that.


And I knew that one of my buddies that I'd been donating to his museum was about to get a saber tooth tiger head. And I wanted that for my house. You'd have it, you'd probably Make a little deal. Of Course you would make a little deal. Yeah. I To give you a million dollars in grants. And next thing you know, you have people over for a cocktail party. Yep. Come into the lounge. I wanna show you something I acquired, I have a letter posted of, of what I consider pretty interesting way to offer a bribe back in, back in the day. Really? Yeah. It's posted. What was the, how'd they do the Bribe? It was a letter from Charles frisk to the president of the University of Alaska. And the sentence that got my attention was, well, first of all, he invited him to the, join him, him and his wife in New York City for a, a night at the mansion.


And then the last sentence was, and we can discuss things that man always needs more of. Hmm. Pussy. Well, you don't buy that. You rent that gold. You rent it gold. What does man need more of? It's, I would say money. Yeah. It has to be that. Yeah. It has to be. He's offering him what man needs more of. Yeah, that's a nice way of saying it. Back in the day, they were, it was the king's English. Right. I mean, they talked proper and all that stuff, You know. Yeah. Well, like I said, Dan Richards brought that up that he thinks that that's what happened to a lot of ancient Egyptian artifacts.


And they're probably scattered all over the country or over the world, rather in the hands of wealthy collectors. Makes sense. You know, people always want to have something that is very rare and that they're not supposed to have, You know, And we all collect stuff, you know? What do you collect? What, what is your favorite thing to collect? Pool cues. Pool cues. There You go. I love Pool cues. They're functional artwork for a, a game that I'm completely addicted to. I I think he'll be able to make a few out of that. Yeah. Oh, he definitely will. I don't, I don't know, Go to get, get a photo of sugar tree cues.


He's, if He turns it on a lathe or what? I don't, My friend Eric, he, he goes out into the woods and gets his own wood. Like he does everything from the bottom to the, to, to the final production of it. He's a, a really rare guy. 'cause his cues, he make, like, there's a lot of cues. They make him real fancy with a bunch of different inlays and different stuff. But what he uses mostly is just the natural beauty of the wood itself. He's like, he loves wood. And so his like, look at that. Look at the burl on that handle. I mean, my God, that's so gorgeous. And that's just nature's gorgeousness. That's nature's artwork. And that's what Eric makes most of his cues. Like they're, it's all nature's artwork.


And they also play incredible. He's a really good pool player too, which is kind of important. If you're gonna be a, a guy who makes cues, like click on that link right there where you just have AZ billiards right there. That one. That's some of his work right there. Like, it's all so beautiful. Holy shit. Yeah. And it's like I said, you see how his work, it just really highlights the beauty of the wood itself. And they play really good too. That's the thing about pool cues. They all play different, but his, they all have a lot of feel to them. Like that one right there by your cursor right there. It says Facebook that click. Yeah. Right there. Look at that fucking thing. Look how beautiful that handle is. I can't imagine the, the work that goes into making one of those.


Oh, it's a lot of work. But it's also that the gorgeousness of it is just natural. Just natural wood. So I'll send him this stuff. He uses Mammoth Ivory, All the, I got more if he needs more, you know, I, I don't know what size he needs or how thick it should be. I don't know Either. I'll ask him. My daughter's ilo, who's married to Drew out there, she makes the jewelry last time where we talked said she was Sack fifth Avenue. She's gone beyond Sac fifth Avenue. Drew and I are still muddling around in the Dollar General with what we do. We're not, we're just making a lot of stuff that people like, like the guitar picks and the ball markers and the right pendants.


But she takes gold nuggets that she finds and uses ivory that she finds and puts it all together in some beautiful jewelry. And I'm plugging her, it's my daughter, El Laura Long Lee Des Design. Yeah. You showed it to us the last time. It's threw beautiful stuff. And she made that necklace for you. Yeah. And again, that stuff is like, you're dealing with something that's 30,000 years old. 30. And he, You thought it's amazing. Thought about the shine on that wood. You put that on there and you can shine it to a mirror finish. You can see your face in it. That's Wild. It is. It's just also so cool to be in possession of something. Like, just, just to hold this in your hand and to know that this is a part of an animal that roamed the earth 30,000 years ago.


Pretty incredible stuff. It Is. When you're walking around that area, do you get a sense of it? Like, does it feel weird when you're walking around there? It does 'cause the stink. Ooh, The stink is incredible. Right. Because it's all rotting, right? Oh Yeah. We go in, in the morning, there might be a wolf or a couple coyotes or a lynx or two just kinda rooting around in there going, Hey, come back later. Just smelling the rot. Yeah. They're looking for it and they find it and they find bones. They'll come up to our pallets and take bones right off of 'em. Wow. And they'll chew 'em, like, they'll chew chunks out of 'em. It's incredible. You know, the stink is unreal. And if it wasn't frozen, that's probably what happened to most of the bones that were left behind by All the animals that didn't get, that didn't die in permafrost.


Right. We have bones that have tendons still attached. Wow. And you know, Well you were telling me about a guy who ate some of the Oh yeah. He ate some old meat. Yeah. Off of blue Babe, which was 38. The other bison I'd said was 38,000 years old. Yeah. They Had talk about dry aged. Yeah. They had a, well, you know, we all eat that shit. He had a stew made out of it. What was it like? I, I talked to him out at the boneyard. He came out there, he's up in years now, but Dale Guthrie, I believe his name is, and he wrote a book on it, on Ice Age stuff. He made a big old casting of a willy mammoth that I bought.


Not from him, but he sold it to somebody who sold it to another guy I knew who had it for sale. And he made A stew out of old bison meat. Yeah. They found the whole bison. A ified bison. And if you saw that little, there it is. Wow. Dinner party that served up 50 th 50,000 year old bison stew. Yeah. I think it was 38,000. But that's all right. Wow. Dale Guthrie Yeah. Was the guy's name. I would've had to take a bowl of that. I would've had to try it. When you come up, you come on. We'll Make a, we'll make it. I would've tried it last. I let a bunch of other eggheads try it first and stare at 'em.


How you feeling? What knows? The kind of fucking diseases are in that when bison bone, that's you're thawing out. Now I'm Gonna go heavy duty on this carnivore diet. You should, Yeah. Nothing but bison and mammoth. Yeah. It, it will, it'll definitely radically de decrease your hunger to make the stew for roughly eight people. Guthrie cut off a small part of the bison's neck where the meat was frozen while fresh. When it thaw, it gave off an unmistakable beef aroma, not unpleasantly, mixed with a faint smell of the earth in which it was found with a touch of mushroom. He once wrote, then added, they then added a generous amount of garlic and onions along with carrots and potatoes to the aged meat.


Couple that with wine, it becomes a full fledged dinner. Did they show a photo of what the dinner looked like? No. It was in 1984. They didn't take pictures back then? No. How do you not take pictures of your food? I told you the story of the guy that found that. Wow. Hmm. And they Don't, not a good, not a good, it wasn't a good look. Yeah. But they closed his mind down to extra. Take that out. You know, they were supposed to get it out in a day and it took him all summer. The miner got shut down Just because of this bison. Yeah. Yeah. He went over to a different creek. I think I told you this, called no Gold Creek. I don't think there's any gold on No.


Gold Creek didn't have a good winner. 'cause he couldn't go to the other place because of the bison. Yeah. That's a pain in the ass. Ron Roman's his name. He, he is a, was There any other way to do it? Was there a way to work around it? That was the only other ground he had. He, he, he, they tied up the whole thing. I mean, they, you're done. And then when they were done, he went back in. But is it his land? Yeah. It was patented land that he had. It was my company land. He was on my ground. And they have the ability to shut things down for a discovery like that. Yes, they did. How come they didn don't have the ability. It was, he was a nice guy And they said, oh, let Him do it. We're gonna get in here. We'll take us a day to get it out.


Ah, he said, go ahead. I see. And then he said, we, we can't do this. The whole thing. And then they could never get him out of there. They took it out, took him all summer to get it and, And it fucked him. Yeah. You only get, you only get a hundred days to mine where the water turns to ice. Right. If you're not minding, then you're done. So every day's a 1% day. Oh, that's Terrible. Or 10%, you know, it's like every day. You So that must, that must have been terrible financially for him. Oh yeah. It was horrible. He had nothing but pork and beans all winter. He's the one that found the willy mammoth. And is there any other way to mine, to mine around that, where you're not going in that one area. If you rely on somebody telling you, look What, what You can and can't do.


We'll get back in here. You can be back here day after tomorrow. Anybody, any minor that I know would say, okay. Right. Come do it. I know I'm gonna lose a day, but that we'll work on equipment that day. But if you come back in the day after tomorrow and they say, sorry, we're gonna be here for a few months, What would you do? I wouldn't tell 'em. I found the fucking thing. Because you have experience with these kind of people. Yeah. Yeah. I, I would, I, you know, I can't even, it's, it's not like I'm keeping this discovery a secret. People tell me How many Instagram follows You have 500 and over 500,000.


Yeah. It's not a secret. Let's see how much it is after today too. Well, I appreciate you doing this. 'cause this gives us a, an ability to get the word out. Yes. And it's important to get the word out, to get the others things to fall in place. Yeah. I think it's important too. And I appreciate the fact that you, you enjoy the shit outta this pre-history stuff, dude. I do. I love it. And I also love the way you're handling it. I think it's, it's, we're very fortunate that a guy like you owns that piece where you are willing to talk about it publicly and make a stink about it and let everybody know like there's a real part of the puzzle and the history of this earth that's right there. It's not that even that complicated a puzzle.


The puzzling part is what the fuck is am and h doing. They've had those bones in their basement for a hundred fucking years. They were required in the original deal to do a report on every bone they took. And they were only supposed to take bones of scientific value. This bone has no scientific value to them. They took it. This bone has no scientific value to them. They took it. None of the bones they took have scientific value, primarily because they don't know where they found them. I have all that information in my files. I have All the stratographic information of everything they found. Don't you guys think you ought to weld it to me? Yeah. And we'll say, well, this bone came out of 35 feet on Wood, chopper Creek, Coldstream Creek, Miller Creek, whatever creek it came off of.


So you, you could be able to find the exact locations and where it was dug. Yeah. So let me ask you this. In a, in a best case scenario, what would happen? They would give you the bones back. And then what would you do? The experts would come in after I built a facility where they study 'em. I, I understand they're not gonna, we have a, we have a lab in San Francisco. We're gonna send the bones to San Francisco. Uhuh, we'll have a lab here. I'll build the motherfucker. I've already offered this up to 'em and they still don't jump on a chance. How many dumb shits are around like me? Maybe you have to build it first and they will come like the fucking field of dreams. Yeah. That was a movie, by the way.


I love that movie. It's a good movie. But I, I've learned my lesson on if you build it, it will come. Yeah. Because we built, we just built one. They didn't show up. So we use it, we use it for our own purposes. Well, maybe we could put the bat signal out here on this show. And there's got to be some paleontologists that are absolutely fascinated by this, that are willing to figure out a way to make it work. Because they just can't take the bones out of Alaska. Right. And they gotta be like, no bullshit. Researchers, scientists, people that know what they're talking about. 'cause I don't They're they're Gonna want it for museums, huh?


They can't have it. Right. But that's probably what's gonna, like, if they do find some extraordinary stuff, the way they get value out of it is by putting it on display, doing studies on it, and then putting it on display so people can come pay money to see it. Right. If I go to a m and h, let's say every day for every once a week for 52 weeks. It's the same displays every week. So All the stuff they collect doesn't go on display. It goes down in the storage or it goes out in the East River. The deal with my company, the, the nozzle man, they called them. They were 200 guys working giants and the giant guys, the nozzle guys, part of the perks of working for that company was if you find a tusk, you can have it.


They could take the tusks home with them. Really? Yeah. And the skulls and whatever else they found. No one Cared back then. Nobody cared. The company didn't care. Take 'em. And then these guys from New York, the Swift talking city dudes, they come in and go, oh, we want 'em. So they made it so the men couldn't take 'em. And they took 'em all scientific value. Nothing. They took 'em all. Well, let's, let's just imagine you're the grandson of one of the old style Noman that is, who's now dead. But he passed that tusk along to his kid, and now it's yours. That tusk could be worth $200,000. That could come in handy to that family.


Maybe they could have used that money along the way instead of not having it. Instead of the MNH just having it in their basement. And the letter that is on there talks about hundreds, hundreds of tusks that were shipped there. I've seen them. It's not like I'm making this shit up. I, I was down there. I took pictures of 'em. You Were down there in the basement. In the basement. It's incredible. These, these big crates haven't been opened ever. And they're just filled with tusks. Well, the tusks are on these big shelves. Like you see at Costco, they go way up high. Yeah. Just shelves of shelves, Tuss shelves and bison heads and wow.


Stuff. And then the crates are the bones, leg, bones, teeth. How the fuck can they just leave that there? It's in storage. That seems so insane that you have this extraordinary place that really doesn't get attention until you get on social media. And then the world knows about it. But they've known about it for a hundred years. Like, that seems like something you would want people to know about. Nobody gave a shit. My company didn't care until, you know, they didn't envision a guy like me coming along and owning this company. They had no, no. When I, when I bought the company, they started going through the files going, let's see what I bought. You know, like the, let's see what, oh, look at that. I got a lease with the government.


Oh, here's another one. I got another lease with the government. Yeah. I got a piece over here. Guy offered to buy now I don't wanna sell it. So I go through all these things and I find the deal with the bones. And I went to the museum. I said, I bought Alaska Gold Company. I wanna go get the bones. He goes, I was wondering when you're gonna show up off to New York. We go, got bullshitted. Oh yeah. We're gonna return 'em when we, after we take care of the asbestos abatement, problem ups down there. Anyway, I told you all this. Yeah. And they have yet to get a hold of us. It's gone to our state legislature to see if they can help. It's coming back to Alaska.


Those are my bones. And if they're afraid that it's gonna go well, Reeves, you know, they're worth a lot of money. You know, he, he could sell 'em. Look, just send them back also. And if I wanna sell 'em, I'll sell 'em. They're my bones. Also. You haven't sold what you have. No. It doesn't even make any sense. It's a, it's a fucking hobby. You know, we're all queer for something. You know, some people collect stamps, some people collect coin collect coins. My mom used to collect napkins. They, you know, quilts and stuff like that. I collect bones in historic sites. I like his, well, I got a degree in history. He probably didn't know that.


Historic pre preservation. I like to fix up old shit. Talking to a guy about the nana, which, where the golden spike was driven by Harding. That just went up to, for auctions on Christie's. What Is that? Explain that. A golden spike, railroad spike that Warren Harding came up and drove in the, in the railroad back in the twenties when they completed the Alaska Railroad from Anchorage up to Nana. Which is a, How'd they keep someone from stealing that? Well, they didn't leave it in there long. Oh, they drove it in. They took the photo op. They did all that then pulled it out. Pulled it out and somebody bought it. And somebody else bought it.


Whoa. There You go. Look at that. That's crazy. Wow. So I did some figuring on the weight of it and figured how much gold content was in it. $200,000. Yep. Wow. It was only the museum. It was only valued at like 30 to 50. But just the historical significance of it makes it worth 200 grand. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I know the guys that bought it. I was on the, I was on the auction. I had the guy on the phone and it didn't take long for me to go past and I ain't buying it. I don't want it. And it kept going and kept going and kept going. What'd you think it was gonna stop at?


I I was gonna stop at around 70. It kept going. It kept going. It kept going. Well that's probably the same kind of thing that happened with your Saber two Tiger skull. Oh fuck. That was giving away to somebody. You think so? Oh, you don't think somebody gave 'em money for It? Oh, they gave money but it wasn't sold. It was like a Donation. I'm a benefactor. Here's right here's for the new wing. Right. What do you got? You got any of that Egyptian stuff laying around? Yeah. I want sarcophagus. What do you say boys? I bet there's a ton of old school families that have like deep old school money that have stuff like that squirreled away somewhere. Well, you can, they're always getting arrested for stealing shit. Mostly they're museum employees.


If you, if you ever Google it is, it is amazing really what these guys steal from the, from the, oh yeah. Museums aren't money makers. Right. You're gonna make money. You're not gonna go own a museum. You know, you're gonna go do whatever to do to make money. But museums don't make money. So the guys that work there that go out in the field and some guy says, well look what I found. Well that's very interesting. It looks like a saber tooth. I mean, it looks like just a cow head. Well, can you find out for me? Yeah, sure. I'll take it off your hands. Yeah. And off he goes. Who's got the bones timeline? Reveals park service employees covered up theft of ancient remains.


Case of missing bones from the effigy Mounds National Monument. Took multiple investigations more than 20 years to locate them. Wow. I'm not shocked. Well we got a site in Florida that we've allowed the University of North Florida to dig on for decades. It's on a Indian mound there up right on the St. John's River. And every year I allow 'em to come out and dig. And they found, so far, they've found hundreds of thousands of artifacts. We're talking about archeological stuff, you know, arrowheads shark's, teeth with drilled holes through 'em, jewelry, wow. Beads, you name it.


Whatever they made outta fish bones and animal bones. And How do you wind up always finding these spots to park at? Where, where it turns out there's a bunch of ancient stuff in them. I didn't, my parents bought this property when I was a young guy. But I spent a lot of time as a 9, 10, 11, 12, 13-year-old kid just digging. I liked digging in the dirt. And the Alaska stuff was about gold. But it didn't take long to find the bones. And the bones to me are, they're more fun. They're more, you know, they're not worth anything to me. 'cause I don't sell 'em. Another scandal that the A NH was involved in recently facing scrutiny, a museum that holds 12,000 human remains changes course.


American Museum of National History said it would address its collecting of remains which stretch into the 1940s. And including practices now viewed as abusive and racist. So it must be Native American bones. There's a bunch. Wow. All sorts of stuff actually. But same time period we're talking about, I like how they put it. They're, they're planning to overhaul their stewardship of more than 12,000 human remains. Painful legacy of collecting practices that saw the museum acquire the skeletons of indigenous and enslaved people taken from their graves and the bodies of New Yorkers who died as recently as the 1940s. Wow. They probably got so, whoa. Yeah.


Reconstruction of a burial of a warrior from Mongolia in about 1000 ad Wow. They decided to remove that. I, I mean, that's just a Picture. I don't, when are they gonna leave it there? What are you doing? I just wanna go look, They were obviously doing some stuff And Oh, they're not, they're not the only ones doing this. Smithsonian's doing this stuff too, I'm sure. And there's not much I can do about it. I mean it's, Well, especially, there's no argument if they've had it sitting on their shelves for all this time And I've offered to make this happen, make it, let's get it back here.


It's, You know, an endless, you know, tilting the windmill and all that stuff. But, you know, I never met you before a few years ago. And prior to that, I would just say the only guy I'll talk to is Joe Rogan about this. 'cause if I'm gonna talk to anybody, I'm gonna talk to the most influential man on earth. And you weren't supposed to call me, but here I am for the third time. Listen, Of course I was supposed to. I'm Fascinated. 'cause I didn't wanna tell this story. I just wanted to keep boning. And now that it's going, everybody wants me to do all this fucking work. I'm not a research scientist. I don't have all these machines. I can't do all this stuff. What are you asking me for?


Go to Am and h That's their job. That's what they got paid to do. What are you chewing my ass for? Well, best case scenario, as we described, they give it back to you. Researchers get involved, you build a facility on site, they study it. Everybody learns, everybody's Happy. That's right. Yeah. And We, and we have some knowledge at the end of the day. Yeah. That we don't have now. And we won't get, if we don't do something like this. 'cause all my bones come from one little two acre spot. And you talk about Insitu, you know, in place. It's right there. Yeah. You can't find a bone here and find one nine miles away and somehow say they're from the same area.


But you can sure find 'em there and you can find out where they exactly came from. You can figure out what that, that piece you're holding, You can tell how many times it had sex, male or female, what its diet was, where it traveled to. There's things that you can find out in the collagen that you, you could never find out 20, 30 years ago. So it's, it's kind of cool. And It's very Cool. I just gotta wait for these other guys to come along. I talked to Max out there. He is my other son-in-law with Drew and married to my penultimate daughter Jordan. And he's, he's a really good lawyer. And his interest is in NIL.


Have you heard of that? No. N NI's name, image, likeness. Oh, okay. For the kids coming outta high school, college and stuff for the pro sports. And he played football for Oregon. He was a center. I watched him play in the Rose Bowl. Good guy. And we were talking a little bit about the legalities of stuff like this. And he's pretty good on contracts. And he is read this stuff and said, ah, you got 'em by the balls man. 'cause you got the receipts. I guarantee you those guys don't have the receipts. They probably trashed 'em years ago. But I got every one of 'em. I got All the letters, I got the communications. Well John, I really hope you make some ground.


I really do. I plan on it. No pun intended. Because You, we'll tear some up. You tear some ground up. I appreciate you're out there always fighting this fight and letting people know about this extraordinary, this discovery that you found on your place. Man, it's fucking amazing. It's always great to have you here. Let's keep doing it. It's been a pleasure. It's always a pleasure seeing you and Jamie every Year. I hope we make a little progress. Yeah, we, next year I hope we have something big to discuss. Yep. We, I hope, I hope it cracks. I hope this motivates a lot of people. This podcast. You know, and I, I think people need to be refreshed every year to realize how to, what an extraordinary place you have and how crazy it is that there's not more work being done here. Yeah. It, it's such a simple solution.


Just do the right thing. Just Do the right Thing and just call me up and say, okay, come get 'em. I'll have tractor trailers parked out there in 24 hours. Let's load 'em up, boys. They're going north. Put 'em on the rail out in Seattle. Send 'em farther north. We got warehouses full of this stuff. I'm at the point now where I'm going, maybe I should just concentrate on what we do for a living instead of the hobby. You know, I can keep digging 'em up, but what good is it if we're not gonna study 'em? I don't wanna leave that area alone. It's got good gold. I don't need to dig the gold out of there. The gold's beneath the bones. Mm.


And we gotta get to the gold. You gotta go through the bones and we'll get the gold someday. But we found a spot out north of town where we can't, we couldn't get drilled to bedrock. It's 450 feet deep. The old timers tried to drill it and they couldn't go deep. They couldn't get to the bottom of it. And I think that's where the fucking hot stuff hit. Really? 25 miles north of town. I think that's where the high stuff, the hot stuff hit. No 450 feet and you don't hit bedrock. Are you kidding? What happened there? It blew a fucking hole in the ground. Wow.


Unfortunately I don't own that claim, but I know who does. I'm not telling 'em where it's at. Yeah. But I have the records that show what happened there. Well, I hope somebody does some investigations on that. It'd be cool. Fuck yeah. Would be The answer. There's a lot of answers in these bones that we don't know what the questions are yet. So it's, it's nice that you enabled me to come in. And John, I appreciate you very much. You're the fucking man. You're the man. It's always Great to see you. You're the guy. Thank you for All the stuff too. You bet. Thank you. That will take a permanent spot on the desk now. Good. Thank you brother. Mammoth magic dude. Yes, I feel it. I feel magic coming off of it. Yeah, you will. I got you some guitar picks in there too. Alright, I'll give more to Gary.


We'll do it again next year, my friend. I'll Set you up if you got any other players you want. Okay. Alright. Thank you sir. Thank you. Bye everybody. Bye everybody.