
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. Mike, good to see you. Great to see you. I've been looking forward to this one. Me Too. I've been All night. I was like, Woohoo. Tomorrow's gonna be a good one for you. It must have been very exciting to have the vault opened and to get a, a peek into the machine. 'cause you've been describing this the last time you were on the podcast. You went into depth about usaid and it s very curious why they chose USAID is the first organization for Doge to investigate. Cause it seems like they were the ones that resisted the most.


Yeah, yeah. Well, you know, the joke that I tell here is it, it's like what they tell you to do Your first day of prison is you go in, you walk up to the meanest, baddest SOB, and you punch 'em right in the mouth. I mean, that's basically what's happened here with the White House house's. First Target being usaid. Cause USAID opens up the entire world of the blob, the foreign policy establishment, and its weaponization of what are supposed to be foreign facing, department of Dirty tricks operations against domestic opponents. And when it all got opened and you started to see the numbers and the different organizations and NGOs that were getting them, was anything surprising to you? Or was this all what you expected?


No, in fact, I think we're at the tip of the iceberg. And what people are going to see on this is going to completely reorient their mental map of how they think the world works, how they think American power projects into the institutions. And I think the calls for reform are going to get louder and louder as people realize the, the reality that's been constructed around them is, is downstream of something that was started very long ago when, when American statecraft to manage the American Empire for the benefit of the American people, began to warp and distort every institution in American life.


From the media to now the social media companies, to the unions, to the universities and academics, to the NGOs, and think tanks to the prosecutors, to our conception of terrorism, to our conception of activity in the drug trade, to our every, you know, what, what we're really doing with public health programs and, and the medical establishment And what drives that, you know, All the way into poverty relief. And, and you name it. I mean, every institution is instrumentalized by this apparatus, supposedly to help us. But really starting this has been done in US history before this, this happened against the left, against the Democrats in the 1960s and seventies.


When the CIA and, and you know, to an extent it's sister orgs like USAID and whatnot, were pumping money into domestic politics to stop the anti-Vietnam War movement. And this led to the reforms of the late 1970s, the church committee hearing the Pike Committee, the Pike Committee hearing the establishment of a Senate Intelligence Committee and House Intelligence Committee for oversight. But even that was a, was a very small glimpse into the window. I mean, the analogy i I give here is like the lion, the witch and the wardrobe, You know, the Chronicles of Narnia, where there's this whole cinematic universe. You you're living in this house and you, there's this closet in the back of the, You know, of a wardrobe. And if you never walk through it, you never see that whole world.


You can live your whole life without seeing it. But when you open that door and you step into it, you see there's an entire other universe here that's been right next to you this whole time. When you first started working for the State Department, do you had, did you have any inclination that you were gonna get involved? Did you had any inclination that this was going on? Like, did you know already that There was definitely, You already knew? Yeah, definitely. I had already been working on this for many years. When did you first discover it? Around August, 2016. I, I was, I was deeply passionate about the internet censorship issue. And, you know, I had, I had some weird experiences playing chess as a kid where, you know, I sort of came of age when Gary Casper off lost a deep blue and AI took over, you know, really took the spirit out of a lot of, a lot of the chess world.


And it was apparent to me as a kid that these AI sensors, these Ai chess engines were going to outcompete humans. But when I was young, the sort of older people in the room were in denial about it. And when I saw that same thing in 2016 with the, the, the development of AI censorship, super weapons, you know, I, I I called those weapons of mass deletion that they would be like weapons of mass destruction. But for speech, you know, a few lines of code would allow you to destroy entire political movements, governments narratives. There'd be no escape from it, but it would permanently change the face of political warfare or domestic politics.


You don't need a standing army of a hundred thousand sensors if you just have one, you know, machine learning, you know, just in ingested database, you know, of 900 million tweets that you can ingest and then make this sophisticated narrative network map of All the different keywords and, and concepts you wanna censor. And to me, that was, that was like the, this this free speech version or the censorship version of the atom bomb. So I started, I started that quest in, in 2016. But very quickly, that research in the process of, of trying to, trying to write that showed these international networks immediately. I mean the, the NLP, the natural language processing sort of backbone of this was, was all being sponsored by DARPA and to be able to monitor the speech of ISIS or extremist or terrorist groups.


And when I saw that coming home and being advocated here, I, I dug, I spent my whole day, morning, noon night, 20 hours a day basically chronicling archiving. That's how I know so many of these characters is. 'cause I feel like I, I know them better than my own friends and family. Having spent so many years watching this all, you know, develop, What did it feel like being one of the only people that was sounding the alarm for essentially eight years? Like you get involved in 2016 and no one, even the general public, until you came on this podcast, I don't even think we're aware that this was an issue at all. But even then, things got lost so quickly in the cycle of news, things just come and go so quickly until Doge started unraveling All the spending.


Right. And you start seeing things like $200 million allocated to transgender experiments on monkeys. Right? Like, what the fuck? Like, this is crazy. And that's just a tip Yeah. Of the iceberg. And, and then the NGOs and then that map of 50,000 NGOs, that was essentially just democratic propaganda machine that was exposed. That was all just money being funneled in a circular manner.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. Did you know that my website, Joe Rogan dot com is powered by Squarespace? It is the platform built to help you stand out online with their new design intelligence. You can create a stunning, personalized website tailored to your needs. It's like having two decades of design expertise and cutting edge AI in your corner need to manage payments. Squarespace payments makes it simple with options like Apple Pay Klarna and more. Try it free at Squarespace dot com and use Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% off your first purchase.


Totally. I I mean, it's been, it's been exhilarating. You know, there is a, there's a sort of, I, I understand the weight of history here. You're, we are doing open heart surgery on the body of the American Empire, our influence abroad, and it, it has to be done well. And so, you know, I I want to help the American homeland and so this is a sensitive process, but you know, obviously it's, it's been a bit surreal seeing the past couple weeks where people are now I go to my X timeline and I see everyone doing the same exercise that I gave up everything to, to be doing eight years ago going into, you know, 'cause all this stuff is open source.


You didn't need to be an inside guy to see this. If you, if you knew where to look, these are USA spending.gov. You know, I used to joke is the main difference between, or was I think until freedom opened up when Elon acquired X and a few institutional changes began to happen, you know, in, in the government and with, and with Congress. But, you know, I used to joke that USA spending.gov was the main difference during the height of this censorship, you know, total control era was the main difference between US and, and Russia and China, which was that we have this sort of autocratic control over information in institutions by, by the US government. So do they, the difference is, is we can go to USA spending.gov and look up how they do it.


And so when I, when I've been going to my X timeline and seeing everybody independently doing that exercise and finding the joy in that, the, the self-discovery process and being able to share it with people and everybody being able to understand and make sense of the receipts, because, you know, this framework for understanding it has been, has been shared and popularized. That to me has, has, has been the goal all along to be able to give people the language and the frameworks to understand what is so terrifying and necessary to reform. But they, that's right there, you know, in front of your eyes.


If, if you only open your eyes to see it, It's gotta be exciting though for you to be there on operation day when they are doing the open heart surgery. It is, it is, You know, we need to make sure that the, the patient doesn't die, you know, on the, You know, on the operating table. Right. You know, just because it's the right move to do the open heart surgery. 'cause the patient needs it doesn't mean that the operation goes well if, you know, if the operating surgeons don't know the anatomy of the organ they're operating on. And so that I see right now as sort of my prime function is to just teach more and more of the anatomy of the organ so that the people who are operating on the patient, the, the American homeland and, and generally speaking, the, the American influence and power projection into foreign countries comes out better, smarter, a little bit more honest.


And there is a hard domestic firewall against our foreign facing dirty tricks, criminal penalties against, against agencies who, who go against this civil penalties so that you can sue both the agencies and the NGOs who are sponsored maybe with treble damages in, in a bill from Congress. So that if USAID in whatever form it continues to take, whether that's at the State Department or whether it gets rolled back out into another independent agency, that you could sue the agencies as an individual if you've been, if they've broken that domestic firewall so that there's an incentive at the agency on their own budget to tightly oversee these things.


There's so much that can be done to, to bring this in line in a, in a smarter and more moral and frankly more effective way. And that's, that's the task right now. I think one of the most offensive things to Americans is that all this was being done and all this money was being spent while they were denying money to people that clearly needed it. Like particularly victims of natural disasters like Maui, right? The fact that they're spending all this money on those things, and yet they gave those people a one time check of $770 or something along those lines, Right?


Well, this gets to the fundamental heart of the breach of the social contract. This thing was whole was always set up to do, you know, it was, it was really set up in 1948 when George Kennon created this NSC 10 dash two, this National National Security Council. We, we completely reoriented the structure of the American Empire in 1948 after World War ii. In 1947, we passed something called the National Security Act. That's what established the CIA, that's what established the National Security Council, which coordinates all of our, You know, foreign, foreign facing empire management work. It renamed the Department of War to the Department of Defense so that it didn't look like we were a mil, you know, acquiring territory by military force, which had just been banned under international law, under the UN Declaration of Human Rights.


And so we moved from primarily kinetic warfare into what George Kennon called just two months before he created the national, the plausible deniability doctrine that we live under. He called this organized political warfare. And, and he's a great memo from April 30th, 1948. It was just 12 days after the CI's first operation. First first time it ever overthrew or rigged the election of a foreign government. This was the April, 1948 election in Italy that pitted a, a pro western, a pro western candidate against a sort of pro-Soviet candidate. And so the US State Department felt it was essential to tip the scales of that election.


'cause it showed that the pro-Soviet candidate was winning 60 to 40. This is all declassified and All the major people who were involved in that operation have all come out and said this publicly. But so, so this, you know, the c basically we threw together this ramshackle effort to tilt that election by pumping in propaganda, by using charities and churches as fronts to funnel money into the, the pro western political party. You know, we piped in, you know, the Greg Garbo movies and whatnot. We worked with some very unseated, very seedy elements of Italian society there. We worked with a mafia and we worked with mafia connected unions because these were all assets for the war department during World War ii, because Mussolini was cracking down on them.


So the War Department had a relationship with these organized criminal networks to serve as a beachhead against Mussolini. But we kept those relationships in order to run this pro-democracy regime change thing. So in 1948 when we established the secrecy Doctrine, doctrine that we now live under, and all these NGOs work under this cover effectively because of their sponsoring organizations, USAID or CIA or state. And he called it the inauguration of organized political warfare. And what he said is, we need to create a covert apparatus to hide what we do from the, from the rest of the world to do secret political warfare on the low. And the problem is, is the American people are not gonna like this. The American people do not understand the intricacies of international relations.


They think there's always an easy political cure all, and they do not understand. They think there's a fundamental difference between peace and war. And what he proposed is, and this is just two months before this, before this would formally be given to the CIA to do. But at the time, what he said was this was, this worked gangbusters in Italy. We need to replicate this everywhere. We need to create a capacity to do black propaganda, to do economic sabotage, demolition, there's a whole list of what's authorized under NSC 10 dash two. And And what he says is, you know, the American people are not necessarily gonna like this and we're gonna need to effectively hide what we do from them. Because if they find out, then the rest of the world finds out.


If we're trying to run an operation in Eurasia and we report this in US News, well then any person in Eurasia who reads US news now knows about it. And so that was authorized at the time with simultaneous with the Smith Mut Act, which I'm not, are you familiar with the Smith Mu Act? Is that the 2011 2012 thing where Obama allowed people to use propaganda against the United States citizens? Yeah, that was what was done then under Obama was the, was the effective repeal of it. It was called the Smith Modernization Act. But the modernization got rid of the whole purpose of it, the, the fire, the firewall. Because at the time the media and media control was seen as, as the linchpin crux of winning the Cold War piping in pro-US media influence to, so that the, because everything moved after World War II from kinetic warfare and military occupation.


You know, we used to militarily occupy the Philippines, for example, after we won the Spanish American War. But that was, that was banned under international law, territorial acquisition by military force in 1948. So we had to win elections and, and we had to influence the, the passage of laws in foreign countries by having an apparatus inside those countries that influenced the hearts and minds of people, which influenced who they voted for, which then determined the government. So you had to move towards political vassalage rather than military occupation. And what the Smith Mu Act did is simultaneous with the creation of this in 1948, Congress recognized the Frankensteinian monster they were creating by authorizing a covert permanent department of dirty tricks.


And this is their phrase, not mine, to do this cloak and dagger to, in to, to infiltrate and, and co-op the universities, the unions, the media, the politicians, the judges, the whole swarm army. You know what I have been calling for a long time, the USAID Truman Show, 'cause it's, You know, these people in these foreign countries have no idea, you know, how many, how many of the things they interact with that are effectively a, a movie set being constructed by the US State Department and its sister influence orgs. But the point that I'm getting at here is the, the Smith Mu Act in 1948 said, okay, you guys can do this. State department can do this. CIA can do this. Usaid, when it came along 13 years later, could do this.


But we, so there was a guy named Frank Whiner, who was known as one of the godfather figures of the CIA, he's known for creating what was called the whiners warr, which was a, it's like a church organ. And that he would brag that he could play the international media like a symphony to make any media narrative go viral in any country on earth because of the, the suite of CIA proprietary media functions and its net and its distribution network. Especially when the US had first mover advantage in radio and print. It's basically the US and UK were the only games in town really in having robust radio, film, TV and print media. So the Smith Mu was to said, okay, you can do that abroad.


You can plant fake news stories in France. You can, You know, You can have propaganda Blair into Africa or Western Europe or Central Asia, but that can't come home. You can't psyop our own people with your propaganda organ abroad. Because the whole point of authorizing this is that we get cheaper gas, we get import export markets, You know, we get a high standard of living because if a foreign government doesn't want to give up its resources or allow a US military base or allow joint partnerships or, or exports of, of goods or US multinational corporations to operate there, then the American people suffer economically.


So it was always designed to say, listen, you can do this dirty stuff abroad, but it can't come home. We have a and even that protection, which, which lasted for 70 years and only, we only lost it a decade ago. We're up against a much actually deeper, darker problem with this USAID scandal. And as people will see increasingly the, the scandals that will break open at the Pentagon and the State Department, which is that we have a Smith month problem for funding and operations. It's not just propaganda. The blob, our foreign policy establishment can fund groups that effectively work with prosecutors domestically or that, or that work at media, you know, dual sort of dual use.


We, we give them foreign grants to do media propaganda abroad, but they operate here, or social media censorship to coerce foreign countries to pass foreign censorship laws that explicitly and are intended to attack US social media companies and in US peer-to-peer speech. So we need that protection if we're going to keep this function at all. We need a hard firewall and absolute grotesque penalties for any violation. So when you are watching all this unfold, one of the things that I've been seeing is that there's been legal action to try to halt some of it. They've been told to destroy any information that they got from certain databases.


Like what's, what's your take on this And what, whether any of that is gonna hold up? Oh, a hundred percent. Well, a hundred. I don't know if it's gonna hold up. I think it's gonna be a, a legal dog fight. This is, you know, it's funny 'cause it's sort of a, a circular dragon eating its own tail because you're going after the, the, the primary soft power projection organ of the blob because it's been weaponized against Americans. But what is the blob authorized to do? What, what is USAID authorized to do under statute? Well, something they call judicial reform, which is USAID poaching funding financially, the networks around judges, around, around courts, around the legal system, around the governance structure of every country on planet earth.


I mean, and, and Jamie, if you wanna just go through a fun exercise right now, you can even put on screen just a simple Google search so people can see just how open source this is. And I, I can walk through specific damning examples of this, but if you just type in on Google the word usaid and then in, in a Boolean quotes, judicial reform. And what you're gonna see are, you know, basically a hundred countries that USAID is going after the judges, going after the legal system in, in order to rig the scales of justice in favor of the foreign policy establishment's interest there. And this has, this has fully come home, and I can, I can go through some examples of this.


For example, there's, There's a group, a group called the O-C-C-R-P, which as You can think of as the Corruption Reporting Project. The, this is a group that half of its funding comes from USAID and the US State Department, OCC RRP has to, has to, the USAID and the State Department have a veto right over the staff that it can hire. This is the largest consortium of investigative journalists on planet Earth. This is, this is the group that broke the Panama papers. You know, they got all these hacked documents, they got special access to it. I don't have any facts on this. I'm simply noting that it's an oddity that a, a a group funded by a major CIA funding conduit usaid, while the CIA has the ability to hack, you know, any target around the world that's authorized by the National Security Council.


You know, there's, they're getting these special access documents that are reportedly either hacked or leaked and they're being sponsored by, you know, the group that's connected to something with a hacking power. But I, I don't know that for a fact. I'm simply noting that for investigative purposes, for oversight bodies who may want to ask questions. But they, so they, they've won hundreds of awards. They've, their, their name has been, you know, so pristine for so long. They've been around for, you know, almost 20 years. And they were sponsored in order to do, they do investigative hit piece journalism about corruption. And what they do is they go after All the State Department and USAID and DODs opponents in the region.


So, for example, Jamie, I, I texted you this beforehand, but if the first thing you wanna put on screen are the first two images that I texted you, this is from the usaid.gov website. And I think this will shock people when they see this on, You know, with the usa.gov URL right there. And so that You can, you can see how, yeah, so if you go, if you go to the, the the first page that I texted, that I texted you, and then we'll, we'll, we'll get to this one. This is the first thing you sent me. Okay. I'm sorry, the second one then. Yeah. Okay. So here it is. This is USAID's Strengthening Transparency and Accountability through Investigative Reporting Program. Okay.


What you'll see here is you'll see the life of, of activity This fund is, they're still being funded through this grant. And this is for Europe and Eurasia. And you'll see the countries Eastern Partnership, Armenia, Belarus, Georgia, Moldova, Ukraine, and Western Balkans. If you scroll down, you'll see USA spending, USAID spending USAID funding is $20 million. $20 million that our taxpayers paid to every, listen. They don't report on, you know, kittens being saved from falling out of trees. Everything they do is a hit piece about an instance of corruption that can be used by prosecutors in the area to arrest the political opponents of the state Department.


And what you'll see here is capacity. Now, this is the phrase everybody has to know. Capacity building is what this is all build under. That means pumping up the blobs assets. Whenever you see the word capacity or capacity building, it means this thing is useful to us. The more money we give it, the more powerful they are to protect our influence. And so, so if you, if you scroll, if you go back to that, that page, which is page two of this usaid, you think, here's what you see. So for $20 million of, of investment from, from usaid, here are the, and this is live on, on the website. You can find this in the way back machine right now because the USAID website's down, this is, this is usaid, the US government bragging about the achievements of what they achieved by spending $20 million, at least 4.5 billion in fines, levied against targets of these hit pieces.


Now, by the way, I should note that the head of the O-C-C-R-P was busted in a, in a major documentary that is very little distribution by encourage everyone to watch where he said, because this was, this was a, this was a, a a, I think a year and a half ago or whatnot, but it was, they're up to over $10 billion. Now, what's the documentary? It's, it's, it's on the WikiLeaks X page right now. It's by a, a group of, of German journalists who had one-on-one interviews with the, the head of this group, O-C-C-R-P, as well as the USAID grant coordinator and others. And so it's straight from the horse's mouth. And they, they say, he says in that interview, I believe his name is Drew Sullivan, that it's now over $10 billion.


And he brags that that is a, I think he said it was a 20000% return on investment because all these dollars were, quote, return to government coffers. So for $20 million of, of mercenary media for the state, state sponsored hit pieces, the government's got $10 billion back. That's pretty good. That's an, that's a 1995 Amazon level return on investment. But now let's get into the darker stuff. 548 policy changes by the government, or actions by civil society and the private sector. Now, we don't know if these policy changes are good or bad.


Do you think USAID would, would list them as accomplishments if they were not in furtherance of USAID's or the state departments foreign policy goals in the region? What they are, are saying and, and trying to sort of speak through their teeth as they say it, is that they proudly sponsored hit peace journalism to ruin people's lives and go after political targets in order to, in order to change the policies of foreign governments from the inside. Now it goes on, say, 21, resignations and sackings, including of a present and prime minister. Now, I, the head of O-C-C-R-P in this documentary openly says that, that their reporting caused, I think it was five or six different governments to topple and turnover and be transitioned proudly.


So, so this is state sponsored media hit pieces so that prosecutors can arrest presidents and prime ministers to regime change their government and install a more pro-US political vassal figure in the region. And then the last one is 456 arrests and indictments. And this, again, is listed as a USAID achievement. We don't know what these people did. We don't know, you know, whether they're, whether they're guilty or innocent or whether or not these were political prosecutions like you see right now with the New York District Attorney's offices, which is a whole nother USAID connected can of worms. But these are state sponsored hit pieces for hire in order to get the, give the justice departments, the prosecutors in a region, the ammunition to arrest the enemies of the, the state.


The prosecutors don't have the capacity to do a whole investigative journalism dig. They might not have access to hacked documents that, for example, the CIA, the NSA or deeply connected political insiders might be able to give to a group like O-C-C-R-P. Now, now USAID gets a veto right over who they can hire. O-C-C-R-P has to submit an annual work plan to, to, to be submitted to and reviewed for approval by the State Department and usaid. And, and here's the kicker of it all. USAID dug up, I'm sorry, O-C-C-R-P paid for it by us, US taxpayers dug up dirt on Rudy Giuliani's work in Ukraine.


This is 'cause you know, this was part of the 2019 impeachment and, you know, Rudy Giuliani and his work in Ukraine. So they went and, and dug up dirt on Rudy Giuliani, a domestic US citizen and high profile political figure, actually attorney to the US president. And then that dirt came home and was used as part of the basis for the 2019 impeachment of the sitting president Donald Trump. That would've never happened unless USAID sponsored that. Those, you know, that hit piece work. And then they did the same thing with Paul Manafort because it wasn the same foreign policy blob that went after Trump in the first place because of his foreign, his difference in foreign policy vision around Ukraine, Russia, and other major.


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. People like to throw around all these red flags, you know, things someone says or does that you don't like, which is fine. But instead of focusing on the negative All the time, why don't we focus on the positive? If you're looking for a romantic partner, think about what traits you like to see in a person. If you like to work out and stay in shape, you might wanna find someone who's also health conscious. Or if you like to travel, you probably wanna find someone who's just as adventurous. Now, once you're in a relationship, it's a whole different ballgame and things aren't always going to be perfect. But that's what therapy is for. Therapy is an excellent way to work through any problems. Even the small ones, like say you and a loved one have been fighting a lot lately, but you still really wanna make things work. Therapy can serve as a mediary, it can help you identify the problem and teach you positive ways to address it. If you're new to therapy or want to try something different, better help is a great place to start. It's convenient and affordable. Since everything is done online, it's already helped over 5 million people worldwide. Connect with a credentialed therapist. Discover your relationship, green Flags with better help. Visit better help.com/jre to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE lp.com/ RE.


The, the law fair against Giuliani is interesting. Like what is, what is the case that he lost? It was in Georgia and he was accusing these women who worked at this election facility of something, some impro Im proprietary, Right? This is a different case than that because that, You know, this was related to the 2019 impeachment and All the Ukraine kerfuffle around the, you know, the quid pro quo call, allegedly that President Trump made to President Zelensky, which by the way, we should get to USAID's role in the proc in the Joe Biden quid pro quo side of this in a second. But that case, I believe related to two workers in Georgia.


And it was related to the whole investigation of election fraud. And, and whether or not, You know, there may have been fraud, you know, perpetrated in the, in, in the, in the Georgia election in, I believe it was either 2021 or it may have been, I'm sorry, the 2020. I'm, I'm not that that case. I've not, I'm not deep in the weeds on, but I, I have to say this as well. And, and Jamie, if, I don't know if, if, if the whole audience is familiar with this clip, but it's a, it's, it's an incredible scandalous clip. Do you remember when, when Joe Biden was at the council on farm relations and, and bragged Yeah. That he got the top prosecutor in Ukraine fired by the Ukrainian government because he explicitly conditioned the firing of the prosecutor who was investigating barisma.


He expressly conditioned the, their receipt of a billion dollars in, in US financial assistance on the firing of Victor, of Victor Shoken, the prosecutor. And he said, and well, son of a bee, he was fired. And that's, It's so crazy watching him brag about that publicly. It just shows you what an idiot he Is. You know what that billion dollars in financial assistance was? It was a USAID grant. Yeah, it's the carrots and sticks and it's like, Find that video, Jamie. Cause it wasn a, it's a shocking video and cause it wasn just the hubris that and the ego that someone has to have to speak of this publicly while it's being filmed. Not just publicly, not just in a room, not not even just saying it out loud, but saying it in front of the council forum relations backdrop.


And actually, before you play this, can I make one quick note for the audience? Sure. So everyone can look up publicly, the council forum relations was, I'm just about to text Jamie another thing related to this. That's, that we're, I'm gonna pull up the USAID grant so that everyone can see this billion dollar USAID grant that he's referring to here and what's in the grant details. But when Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State running the State department that USAID answers to, right? It's USAID is independent but guided by the state director. Cause it wasn a state department function. It has to advance US interest. Well, when Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State Council of Foreign Relations, had just opened up a, a DC office, they're New York based, and she went over to them and she made a speech and she said, Thank you foreign relations for opening up your DC office.


That way I don't need to travel All the way to New York to be told what to do. I was the head of the State department. She really said it like that. Yeah, everyone can look this up. I it's that, that might not be verbatim, but but that was, that was the, it was, it was as explicit as that effectively. But if you wanna play this, I'm Talking, I remember going over convincing our team, our others to convincing us that we should be providing for loan guarantees. And I went over, right, I guess the 12th, 13th time to Kiev and, and I was going, supposed to announce that there was another billion dollar loan guarantee.


And I had gotten a commitment from Chenko and from SEN yo that they would take action against the state prosecutor. And they didn't. So they said they had, they were walking out the press conference, said, nah. I said, I'm not gonna, or we're not gonna give you the billion dollars. They said, you have no authority. You're not the president. The president said, I said, call him. I said, I'm telling you, you're not getting the billion dollars. I said, you're not getting the billion. I'm gonna be leaving here. And I think it was, what, six hours I looked at, I said, I'm leaving in six hours. If the prosecutor's not fired, you're not getting the money. Well, son of a bitch got fired and they put in place someone who was solid at the time, Solid.


But still they, so they made some genuine substantial changes institutionally and with people. Yeah. So there's, there's two things to immediately follow up on that with that. So Jamie, I just, I just sent you two things o over over text here. The first one is the US is that billion dollar loan guarantee. And then I I sent you another one about securing commitments and then It's just wild that someone would be so brazen to talk about that so publicly. It's not, no one's gonna look into that. Someone that was solid. What, what was wrong with the first guy?


Let's go into depth. Well, You know, the, the fact that you wouldn't think like maybe someone's gonna investigate. What was the first guy looking into, oh, why was my son running barisma? Like, what is going, why is he making $10 million a year there? What is going on? What what is this? Well, Well, okay, so this was a billion dollar, okay, so this, well actually go, go to the, go to the other one. Okay, we'll start with this. Okay, so here's from usaid, USAID announces, now this is again the, the basically the final months of the Obama administration, right? You know, this is right before the November, 2016 election. U USAID announces a billion dollar loan guarantee. Remember he referenced the loan guarantee. By the way, do they pay these loans back? Well, depends on if they play ball or not. You know, this is, this is a, this is another one of these things, right?


If you're a good boy and you do what the blob tells you to do, maybe we can be flexible and loan forgiveness. You know, maybe we can allow you to punt, punt the default. But you'll see it's, it's a, but these are the carrots and sticks. This is why we infiltrate and co-op these institutions and why you have a $44 billion annual slush fund around the world to do this. But you'll see it's the issuance of the billion dollar loan guarantee to the governing united of, of governing of Ukraine. And it's to support the implementation of governance reforms. So it's for, it's, it's for the, the, we condition it on you changing the policies of your government. And This is already 2016 after we installed a coup Yes.


In 2014. Yes. Yes. And remember the last time I, I was here, we went over the 2019 Zelensky first month in office, the red lines memo, you know, talk about how do you, how do you prove you're a good boy? Well, when you get a, the red lines memo that you will suffer political instability unless you do the 25 below listed policy things with your government, you know, that factors into what the US Ambassador in the region will tell their Ukrainian or other government counterparts, you know, loan guarantees and whatnot are conditioned on. But, so if you go to the, you, you'll notice that Biden, there used a very specific phrase there about securing commitments. I dunno if everyone caught that. I wanna note the, the, the similarity of that to, if you go to the, the other screenshot, Jamie, that text you here, I'm sorry that my, my mug is on this.


I just pulled this up from what's, What are you doing with your Lips? Yeah, I, well, I know I, we'd been talking right before we started filming about, about just throwing receipts up on screen. This is just a, a live stream series that I do on X. And so I, but that's, it Caught you mid words. I know, I know. But this is $1.5 million. So, so USAID is, has given $27 million in grants to the Tide Center, which is the 5 0 1 C3 is the fiscal sponsor that gives the 5 0 1 C3 status to the Black Lives Matter global network and to a group called Fair and Just Prosecution, which is basically manages prosecutors who are simultaneously funded by the Open Open Society Foundation.


So they work with Alvin Bragg and Leticia James and all these other, other ones. And so, but you'll see here in this, this is a $1.5 million grant. You'll see that exact phrase that Joe Biden used about securing commitments from governments to fight corruption. So sometimes this diplomatic state craft, this strong arm pressure is done directly by the vice president. Sometimes it's done by interlocutors, like our state-sponsored NGO Swarm, who allow our ambassadors and allow the White House to maintain a layer of plausible deniability that it's, it's an intermediary saying it. And they can say much harsher things than what can be conveyed and maybe used against you in a formal diplomatic channel.


I, and I sent, I sent one more thing, Jamie, if you pull up, if you, if you go to my ex feeded and you just type in the phrase USAID barisma, because this is another element of this. Again, how is this all weaponized at home and whatnot? So Victor Shoken was investigating Barisma, Joe Biden personally weaponized USAID in order to force a foreign country's prosecutor to be fired in order to get that billion. Can I, can I stop you for a second? What was the investigation of Barisma? What did it entail? I believe it was a similar corruption, you know, corruption probe that there was, You know, that there was misuse of funding. All this stuff is, is, you know, well-documented in Miranda Dev Divine's book, the Big Guy.


But if you, if so, if you, if you open those, those four, four screenshots, I don't know if you're able to center it or zoom out a little bit. Western Protection is a great fucking title. Yeah. USAID to help Young Biden. This is in 2014. Hey, remember when Hunter Biden's permanent bla you know, blanket pardon? Goes back to, it goes back to 2014, right? And so, so this directs USAID to guarantee loans. So it's loan guarantees for every phase of development of oil and gas in Ukraine, Moldova, and Georgia. Now, if you go to go to the next screenshot in this, this is from, this is a, You know, a, a fo or or legally obtained internal document at the State Department, which says, despite his ruined name in Ukrainians, Chesky is actively campaigning for, he's been sending letters to ambassadors, y Yana, Ivanovich and, and Payt.


They note that Hunter Biden and Devin Archer on the board, and they say even internally at state USA does have cooperation with bar with Barisma, it says preexisting small scale preexisting cooperations. They're formally cooperating with barisma in the region. They're, they're noting that. And then if you go to the next screenshot, now, now this again is, is State Department email traffic that's been on Earth. Okay? So they're talking about doing co-branding with USAID and barisma and the public-private partnership around USAID and barisma, but then noting the very sticky wicket of the Hunter Biden connection on Barisma board.


And then they go on to say that, you know, they wanna create incentives for journalists to ensure responsible and unbiased cover very Sticky wicket. What a weird way to phrase that in an official email. Right? What they're saying is it would be a major scandal if everyone knew the extent of it. They know it looks unseemly. They don't want, they don't want the media to report on, on the massive conflict of interest of Joe Biden going in and kicking out that that prosecutor and conditioning USAID money on it while USAID is directly working with barisma. But then the State Department using its media Mockingbird apparatus funded by your tax dollars, the swarm of NGOs. You know, as reported publicly this week that 90% of Ukrainian media outlets are funded by the US government.


90% talk about a USAID Truman show, Jesus Christ. And so who, if they're funded by the State Department, guess what, there's a State Department grant coordinator. Guess what? If they want to keep, keep getting their contributions, they're going to, there's going to need to be review and approval by USAID and, and by state. 'cause often these are, these are co co-ran. And so they have the capacity to ensure that the incentives are aligned for the journalists to be responsible with the way they report on the USAID Barisma connection. While Joe Biden is weaponizing, while Joe is weaponizing USAID to, to, to protect Barisma, by the way, I should note Hunter Biden's law firm actually pitched using Barisma as an instrument of statecraft to the State Department because the more you capacity build barisma, the more endogenous gas Ukraine is, is able to supply.


And so that's less gas being exported into Europe from G Prom and Russia. So they blend this, it advances us national interest, but hey, it makes us rich along the way. So, you know, it's the same reason Pfizer gets to keep All the profits, You know, for, you know, when, when they have, when there's a man, a vaccine mandate, you know, they don't, they say, well, we're just rewarding. You know, this is, we're doing such good work. Well, why aren't you? If you, if this is a charity, why aren't you giving the money back to the American people You know of? Well, should we put some cap on this? It's, oh, no. Well, we're incentivizing this, you know, pioneering approach and we're uniquely in the position to do it. And what's important about this is this explains for a lot of people that are very baffled by obvious propaganda and misinformation that's being propagated by the mainstream media.


When you look at mainstream newspapers and television shows saying things that are just factually incorrect and cl you could research it, it's not hard to find out. And you, you see them propagate this stuff. This is All the same sort of thing, but this is happening on US soil. Oh, exactly. Well actually, Jamie, if you pull that receipt back up, there's a, there's a paragraph there we didn't read, but that's, that's useful to this. And then there's another topic related to this that I think makes this point even harder. But look, look at that fourth paragraph there. This is from the US State Department, which is in control of managing all of the media assets. Those 90% of media assets in Ukraine. And the ones that simultaneously operate here, I would offer that barista's incentive to support could possibly read.


The main objective of Barisma was to create incentives for journalists to offer sympathetic coverage. Wow. Main objective of barisma. The main objective. And it's an energy corporation. Yes, yes. Humanitarian aid. You know, this is a for-profit company that's directly Tied. This is such a wild statement. The main objective of Barisma was to create incentives for journalists to offer sympathetic coverage of the company on energy issues. Yes, yes. Wow. Right? They, they wanna pitch it as a sort of, You know, patriotic, you know, pro, pro western. They bought the media. They bought the media, they bought the media media and They bought the media here On that topic.


Can we talk about a, a related scandal and frankly monstrosity that the American people need to understand the full extent of its, of its influence on American hearts and minds. No, we can't talk about That. Okay. All right. Well, let's go on to the next thing there. No. Okay. Okay. So Jamie, if you, if you go to XI think probably the best thread on this currently published is the WikiLeaks thread on, on inter news, which just reading some of the statistics in that will help make sense of some of the, the clips and screenshots that I'm gonna show you about its operations that, that impact domestic affairs and, and international governments that are allied with this, with the state, with the state department.


So if you just look up in, just type in the word inter news, one word I-N-T-E-R-N-E-W-S, and, and you go to search down on the WikiLeaks profile, you'll see, yeah, here you go. If you just top that, that top one, you know, USAID is pushed nearly half the, so, so this, so inter news I've been, I've been talking about for a long time, but, but now the stage is sort of set to really show the extent of this. But what we do is we create these pretty little predicates, these pretty little lie words, weasel words to hide from the American people and, and especially from foreign governments, what we're really doing in the area. So we have a catchphrase at, at, at state and in state craft, it's called independent media.


You can think of that as the state department's word for good guy, okay? It doesn't mean independent. They are funded by us. They are not independent from the government. They literally submit their work and approval plans for, You know, their work plans, for what they cover for review and approval to the US State Department. They are dog walked the whole way, but we call them independent because they are said to be independent from foreign governments who, who influence. So basically they're independent from the Chinese government or they're independent from the Russian government. So there's just like with the word USAID itself that we talked about last time, it's your mind playing tricks on you. You're seeing aid, but it's agency for international development, right? So nothing, but they do the same thing with independent media, which is that internally to them it means it's a good guy for us because it's independent from our enemies.


But it's, but when Americans see that, they think well independent, that means it's a, a, a free actor who's not being sponsored by any government. But under the banner of USAID's independent media and media sustainability branches, we fund half a billion dollars a year to this network of, again, over 4,000 media outlets reaches 778 million people, 9,000 journalists trained. Remember last time we went over the train, the Atlantic Council with seven CIA directors in annual funding from USAID as well as the State Department of Pentagon. How they were holding up, I call BS placards and putting Trump tweets on screen to flag for disinformation.


If you remember, we went over that. Well, this is what training journalists looks like, is they, is is not only do they have the direct spawn of, of, of a media octopus under their direct sub-grantee group, but they then go out and train the journalists who work at All the other ones who aren't directly sponsored. So they reach everywhere. And you'll see here, for example, it makes reference to, to, You know, gene Bergo who, who is, you know, making, you know, half a million dollars a year there. And if you go, now I'm gonna show this, this domestic impact real quick and then a couple screenshots. So if you, this is, this has been going viral on x I've been talking about USAID's role in the censorship industry forever.


And if you look up, if you just look up inter news and you just plug in the name, you know, if you just copy paste that, you know, Jean Bergo thi phrase, you'll see this in in the video section 'cause it's everywhere now. So, so she, she made speeches for, for a long time, but this is a, this is a a, a big one. Here we go. This one right here. Okay, so USAID funded in news, CEO pushes for global advertising exclusion list to censor disinformation. So this is a 28 second clip, Like what they did to X Yeah, exactly. Disinformation Makes money and it's, that's one of the, we need to follow that money and we need to work with the, in particularly the global advertising industry, that a lot of those dollars go to pretty bad, bad content.


And so you can work really hard on exclusion lists or inclusion lists to sort of really try to focus ad dollars and challenge global advertising industry all around the world to focus their ad dollars towards the, the good, the good news and information, the good, the accurate and relevant news and information Dis so, so this is USAID sponsoring both sides of this. She runs a $500 million mercenary media for, for Hippies for Higher Empire sponsored by the, by USAID u USAID also gave $68 million to the World Economic Forum itself. And, and USAID's own internal documents show the explicit political targeting of these advertiser networks. And I can show you receipts on that if you just type in the word SEPs, C-E-P-P-S and advertiser on my X timeline.


And, and I don't mean to just go receipt to receipt to receipt, actually no, it's okay. Actually, before we get to that, just so I can close the loop on something that's a little bit more accessible and less political, Jamie, I texted you a screenshot of Inter news in, in Brazil, and if one of them has at the top of, it's something called rooted in trust. Yeah. If you keeps scrolling up. Yeah, There You go. That one? Yep. Okay, so this is Intra News with a worldwide media octopus sponsored a half a billion dollars a year, you know, reaching 9,000 journalists, 5,000 media outlets.


And here's what they were doing just in, just on, just on covid censorship. So Rooted in Trust is a inter news program. It's a global pandemic information response program to counter the unprecedented scale and speed and spread of rumors and misinformation, All of which turned out to be true, All of which turned out to be true. Our, our own CIA says that our own, you know, house, you know, oversight committee says, says that now formally Every single step of the way, there's not one thing they said that turned out to be accurate. Not the death rate, not the ability to stop infections and transmissions. Not the side effects, not the fact that natural immunity is far superior.


None of the, none, not nothing, not one thing. Not the lab leak theory. Nothing. Not even the funding of the research and the actual lab, which is also usaid, right? Yes, yes. 50 $50 million. Right, right. From uc Davis to EcoHealth directly into, you know, because I always say when it's too dirty for the CIA, you give it to usaid. And that's, and that's why, you know, that's why you have all this pandemic stuff and maybe we can get to that later, but I wanted to show the scale of this. You, you sponsored your own state censorship. Rooted in trust has tracked more than 19,000 rumors about the virus across 14 plus languages globally, over 81 million people.


In response to the unique rumors sourced from each country context, this USAID sponsored pro project has produced a total of over 130 rumor bulletins, 500 radio broadcasts and 480 media stories through, through a series of training opportunities, events, peer-to-peer networks and small grants. Root Rootin Trust has supported 550 local media organizations in order to scan and ban the internet Or, and, and more importantly, to connect communities with directly with timely and accurate COVID-19 information. Oh, this, which all turned out to be lies. I only had time before this to text one page of this. I mean, this is, everyone should go through this, this document.


I'll, I'll post on my ex feeded and there's, there's millions around this. I mean this, the whole global coordination was done through this, through USAID and the US State Department and its partners in, in the, in the UK and in nato. And you know, the fact that these very organs are implicated in it, these strange DARPA grants around creating the, the, the gain of function, You know, the, the usaid, you know, You know, You know, grants that we're all jumping, you know, animal to human for, for these things. You know, the, the presence of folks like Avril Haynes, the deputy director of the CIA, and then head of director of the, the director of National Intelligence, You know, at these censorship planning conferences for event 2 0 1, the fact that state and DOD and, and the UK foreign Office all funded all of the censorship organs like the Atlantic Council and Graphica and these others that we went over last time, you know, they basically, they're the prime suspect for the crime.


And they, and they sponsored the entire white blood cell apparatus to swarm any kernel of truth penetrating the membrane in order to orchestrate the coverup. So they're on both sides of it. And, and, and we, you know, we can talk about more about the, you know, the inner news, You know, work there, but I, I want to, but I want to, this is the darkest of conspiracy theories. The darkest of conspiracy theories was that the leak was intentional. The darkest of conspiracy theories is that this was planned. They knew this was gonna be a financial windfall. It is the greatest transfer of wealth in the history of the United States by far from the working class to the elite.


It's like three plus what? Trillion dollars or something crazy like that. Yep. We've already established that it was created in a lab. We already established that USAID funded it. We already established that fauci at all lied about gain of function research, what they were doing. The worst theory possible is that this was released on purpose. Yeah. That would be the worst case scenario. Yeah. Have you ever danced that one around your head? Because that's, that's where you, we know they're willing to do horrible evil shit, but like, is there a ceiling on that?


Even now? To this day, having spent so much of my life in it, I try, I try to just pursue the leads that I have and then try to let the conclusions come to me. Certainly the fact that they funded the capacity to do this, they worked directly with All the networks that were both doing it and censoring it is, puts you pretty much, as you know, they created it and they covered up at least the leak in terms of the, the intentionality for doing it. I, that is a really dark scenario. You know, there, there are a lot of things in American history that, that have that same, you know, miha le ha distinction, You know, do they, do they make it happen or do they let it happen?


Do they let it happen or do they make it happen? And both of them are major scandals that completely change the, the, the legitimacy and credibility of policy changes in response to the crisis. For example, like, you know, take something like Pearl Harbor, right? It's been declassified now the McCullum memo, the the eight action plan, are you, are you familiar with, with this the Yes. Yeah. Right. You know, and this was, you know, written before the, the, the bombing. And it was eight ways to get Japan to attack us because, you know, we don't have diplomatic cover to declare war on them. But if, if, if we get them to attack us, and we can then spiral that into a war predicate, I mean, they're the same thing.


For example, with the, you know, the North Woods memo with, you know, pretext to war with Cuba and cooking up all these, You know, hijacking our own planes, sinking our own ships, doing, You know, riots on the streets of Miami and then saying that it was the, you know, the Cuban government behind it. Same thing with Vietnam, Gulf of Tonkin, You know, same thing with, You know, with the, the weapons of mass destruction predicate for invading Iraq. Did, did we know that, that, You know, did, did we, were we duped and the crime was negligence for letting our national security state believe the New York Times reporting on, you know, on chem chemical And, you know, and, and biological and weapons of mass destruction Iraq?


Or did we make that happen? Did we, did, did you know, was that e was that something that we knew was not true based on our own intelligence, but because there was a useful thing there? And you know, a lot of people have the same thoughts about issues around around nine 11 and any number of, of crisis events. And I, I suppose I have my own thoughts on it. They're not fully settled. And because they are beyond the evidence I currently have, I i I stay in the zone of this is what they did to create it. This is what they did to cover it up. Here are the stars in the sky. Draw your own constellation from there.


Mm. That's a good way to put it. Okay. Back to what you were just about to talk about. Yeah, so, well, so again, there's, there's two simultaneous tasks that I have. One is to burn down these, these ro institutions that have been weaponized domestically and salt the earth behind them so that these kind of excesses can never come home again. The other one is we, we do need us soft power projection in order to maintain the standard of living and prosperity that we have. You know, I, I give the example All the time, no blob, no pencils. You can't even make pencils in this country unless you depend on governments in Malaysia and South America And, you know, parts of Africa.


And if it's, if that's the, the case in, You know, for pencils, now do that exercise with petroleum. Now do that, that exercise with cobalt, for example, there's only one, there was only one operational cobalt mine in all of the US. And in 2022 that even that mine shut down. So most of the cobalts in the Congo, if you, if the, if the Congolese government decides they don't wanna allow you access to cobalt, well, there goes your capacity to, to create any high technology or renewable battery or anything. There is potentially a need for some modified and more honest restrictions on our department of dirty tricks. For example, the CI used to be allowed to assassinate world leaders in the, in the forties and fifties.


You know, this is where we got in trouble in Congo with Lumumba or, you know, i a and any number of these. And then when those scandals got revealed, there were legislative reforms put in place and executive branch, now national security reforms put in place to say, okay, you can do dirty work, but not that dirty. You can't do that. The same thing needs to be done now for all of these things, you know, many categories of things, for example, we just played inter news and the inter news CEO campaigning to governments and corporations and private sector, civil society organizations around the world that they need to economically blacklist news sites that, that operate on social media.


And those are US news sites. That's, this is the basis of, of lawsuits here in the US like daily wire in the Federalist suing the State Department for, because US news sites are in these advertiser blacklists. And to that end, I, I wanna, I wanna note two things. First, if you, if you go to my X feed and you type in the word advertiser or advertisers, and if you need to, you can plug in the word USAID or SEPs, C-E-P-P-S in this. And I wanna show you that, that this is not inter news gone wrong. This is not a, a, a grant, a half a billion dollar year grantee of USAID going rogue and being ideological about this. This is top down US government policy from the White House, and I'll show you the documents on that to the, You know, white House executive branch agencies like USAID and State.


Okay? So if, if you go to search and you put in the word adverti advertiser, yeah. And it could be advertiser or advertisers. Okay. So There You go. So click on that left the, the left image first. This is, now, we talked about this group SEPs last time. You know, in, in our, in our, our hit a few months ago, SS is a, a program that is basically a joint baby of USAID and the State Department, and is implemented by the, by USAID's key operational arm, the national down for democracy. But this is a USAID program on countering disinformation, internet censorship is what they do.


And we went over last time, remember we played that, that two minute video where they were openly saying that the plan is to get foreign governments to, to pass legal reform, pass laws and regulations to stop the spread of misinformation on US social media websites. So us USA would not be able to lobby the US government to do that. 'cause we have a First Amendment Europe doesn't, other Brazil doesn't. But here is from an internal document, February, 2021 of USAID's status program. And now this is a 97 page document. They referenced the word advertiser and advertising in this document 31 times in 97 pages. So this is, and that was three years before that clip. We just saw how, how far back in motion this is.


And I can go back even further that in 2017 and share close on that and how this network coordinated the very ad boycotts that, that Elon is subject to. And that brought Facebook and Google to their knees when they folded to advertiser boycotts. There You go. In order to disrupt the funding and financial incentive, using the same phrases that the internet CEO did to, to Disin inform attention is, is turned to the advertising industry, particularly with online advertising. So they, so it goes on to say, thus cutting the financial support in the ad tech space would obstruct disinformation actors. They're not human beings. They're not Americans with, you know, running mom and pop shops that depend on their Facebook page to be able to promote, you know, advertise their flower business.


No, they're, they're, they're reduced to the inhuman disinformation actors from spreading messaging online. So the efforts being made to inform advertisers of their risks, such as the threat to brand safety. So this is USAID saying, we gotta talk to these advertisers and say, Hey, You know, brand safety's really important to all your little, all your brands. It would be a shame if you were known for putting ads next to misinformation websites like Daily Wire and The Federalist. And that goes on to say, additionally with this data organizations, and these are partner organizations, this group SEPs runs, you know, is together with USAID and, and, and the State Department. They run a network of hundreds of NGOs around the world that all jointly carry this out.


This is what they're sponsored to do. It says the aim is to redirect funding to higher quality news domains and improve regulatory and market environments. Regulatory means laws, laws, laws about this, like the EU Digital Services Act redirect. So this is a top down US government plan to financially re-engineer the entire economics of the news industry in order to make it so that if you spread messaging against the state or against a sensitive policy issue by the state, you are put outta business. You cannot professionalize, you can't compete with CNN or New York Times, or M-S-N-B-C. You just like, this is what happened to Breitbart, for example, and they got caught up in this web.


They lost 99% of their advertising revenue. They were going up like this. And however you feel about Breitbart, this, these are the, these are the plain facts of this inaction. They were a rising star in the 2016 election. Steve Bannon, who was, you know, the head of that went on to be the, basically the top White House advisor directly. They got crushed when 99% of their ad revenue. They, this is why everyone's having to switch to bilking, their, our own citizens to pay for it. Because the natural thing advertisers would wanna do a return on investment for putting ads, you know, on, on news sites or social media, they can't do because they're getting pressure from the government. And so now look at the bottom. Now I don't have this, but any members of Congress or Doge or, or house or Senate oversight or White House Office of Science and technology policy, I implore you a few ample examples of advertiser outreach are included in Annex three.


I don't have that annex. It's not, it's not available, you know, from from on the USAID website that I, that I downloaded this from before it went down. The USAID is giving out examples of advertiser outreach, how to pressure them in order to do this. And there's much more there. If you go to the next slide, for example, you'll see this is, this is, they have whole categories of what USAID wants media companies to do, wants, wants regulatory bodies to do, wants all of its other whole society partners do. But here's just the first two entries from this. What can technology companies do? So this is USAID telling Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, TikTok, Reddit, Twitch, eliminate the financial incentives, nuclear ad, nuclear ad revenue.


If, if, if we don't like what they say, what could national governments do? Again, this is our government funded by our tax dollars telling foreign governments that they should regulate ad networks to kill the ad revenue of US social media websites and US news entities like, like has been caught up in the advertiser database at, at state and USAID under the Biden administration. And, and there, there's a million more examples like this. But, but if you wanna go to a really crazy one, there's a, a YouTube video that is, is still live. It's, it's, it's by glob sec. Actually, before, before I turn to that, do you mind if, am I going? No, go ahead. Okay.


I text before we're gonna go to this 2000 May, 2017 Glob SEC video. But before I do that, Jamie, I texted you an image of, of a piece that, that my foundation just published. If you, it says 23 EU organizations drive EU censorship law. If you Yeah, if you scroll, scroll up or, or actually if you scroll down, oh, you know what, actually, maybe I didn't text you. It's, it's at the top of my X feed right now. And you'll, you'll see it's, it might be like the fifth or sixth one down, but you know, just down little bit. Okay. Okay. Right there. Okay, so, so, oh, sorry.


No, the, the, it's both the one above and below that. So before we get to the one above that, let's go to the one right below that. Sorry, one, one more below that. One more. One, one more. One more, more. 1, 1, 1, 1 more, one more. It's, it's that one. It's, it's, it's, yeah, it see those four screenshots? Yeah. So, so we just reported this, this is 23 US funded organizations who are all signatories or implementers, signatories to the EUS code of practice on disinformation, which if, if US tech companies don't comply with what the EU of foreign body cost disinformation, the penalties for that are losing 6% of US social media companies, global annual revenue, or get kicked out of the entire EU market, which is 550 million people.


So, you know, we go through this, you know, in, in this, in this here. But if you, so not only are they the signatories to it who, you know, basically helped craft this thing and put the US government stamp on this. But if you, if you go, if you'll see, they're, they're also the implementers. They're the ones who are helping define disinformation in the EU that targets US social media companies and US news websites. So go to the fourth one. Go to the fourth, the fourth thing right here. Now this, my foundation just reported as well. We got access to a, a, a White House interagency working group for, for information integrity. This is one of these censorship weasel weasel phrases, weasel words, information integrity is what you just saw in that USA document about high redirecting ad revenue from high qual, high quality news outlets to low quality news outlets.


They make that determination by determining high integrity news and low integrity news. So basically, if they like you, they call you high integrity. If they don't like you or you're publishing a scandal, or you say, Hey, the covid vaccines might have some problems with them, Hey, there might be some issues with, You know, what happened in the 2020 election. Hey, You know, what's happening with our Ukraine aid, low information integrity. So this phrase, information integrity is, is, You know, one of these evolving sets of, of weasel phrases in order to do internet censorship while making it look like the, it's just an intervention to help you. We're making the information integrity ecosystem, you know, better so that we have a healthier information environment. Well, this is directly from the, this was centrally coordinated from the White House.


This working group has 26 US government agencies and programs participating it. They're partnered with 14 out outside universities as well as a whole row of, of private sector firms. USAID is one of those, by the way, USAID is a, is a contributor to this in the Biden administration. This is, this was started in December, 2021, really got the wheels turning in December, 2022. But this is from the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy itself. Where, where it's someone from White House, the other co-chairs are from OD and I, the director of National Intelligence. The job that Tulsi Gabbard is currently, you know, campaigning for darpa, you know, the, the Pentagon's brain as well as the National Science Foundation, which is the civilian arm that, that funds All the censorship work.


But here you have from the Joe Biden White House itself, engagement with international partners that this, this is three years ago before, you know, before this thing even really kicked in, in, in, in the way that it now is engaging with our international partners outside the u the United States on our censorship efforts, assessing, establishing a partnership with the European Union to provide us researchers. Now that's their cover word. That's the big lie word of all of this. You know, these, it's operations, but they call them researchers to make it look passive rather than active. And I can go through a million examples of that to show how, how deep that LI goes with access to social media data accessible under the 2022 EU code of practice on disinformation.


Every single one of these researchers is connected to the blob, whether directly or indirectly. They're either a part of organizations that are sponsored by usaid, the State Department, the Defense Department, or they're transatlantic networks in, in the uk like the UK foreign Office, or they are indirectly part, or they're partnered with one who is every single one of these. They don't just like researchers, they gotta be cred, they gotta be accredited, they gotta be credentialed, they gotta be vetted. In fact, a lot of these, these internal documents talk about how, you know, only basically the, the trusted in inside web should be able to get access to this. But what they're saying is, the US government can't pry that out of Facebook's hands. We have a First Amendment. We can't, we can't make them subject to a code of practice on disinformation.


There is no legislative bill that'll pass Congress that will force them to give over, that will force Facebook to give over the, You know, the, the private messages and All the, you know, internal algorithm and, and spread of information to a random US university. Like, you know, You know, pick, pick your poison, the University of Washington or, or the University of Stanford to a random university that everything you thought was safe and secure on the platform is now, is now being given to a private, you know, university because it was crowbarred out of your, out of your, out of the platform's arms by the government. This is the sort of thing the NSA does when the NSA has, you know, secret warrants forcing Facebook to compel, you know, private information about the platform for the FBI.


And you know, when they're doing a, a co an investigation or the NSA when they're doing a national security one, this is doing it for private actors and they're using foreign governments to crowbar US companies. 'cause we in their eyes, are unfortunately bound by the First Amendment. There's a lot more there, but I can, I can pause. Jesus Christ. It's so amazing how thorough it is. Like the, the people that want to think the governments completely inept and the conspiracies aren't likely because people are not motivated and not very good at their jobs. Like the people, same people that wanna say the government is terrible. They, they're, it's filled with bloat.


They don't know what they're, they're not capable of pulling off something to this with this depth. So when you see it, when you actually see it laid out, and the mechanism in which it was done through NGOs and through these other non-government organizations, it's kind of astonishing. It's, it's kind of impressive. Oh, it is. And and you see how it all synchronizes, just like whiners Worldlier did in, you know, from 1948 through, you know, the 1970s when form, you know, formally it was supposed to have stopped, but just, that's why I say when it's too dirty for the CIA, you give it to usaid, you know, the CIA used to do this work under covert action, but USAID has a, has a couple of cute tricks that make it the, the, the central warehouse for all of this.


And this is why, You know, we started this conversation. I was saying, you know, you ain't see nothing yet this thing is gonna get so deep and it's gonna connect to so many institutions that everybody thought, you know, like, like in the Truman show, they thought it was their best friend. You know, they thought this thing was totally independent and these were authentic conversations you're having with the cashier. And it turns out, oops, okay, actually you're a part of this, you know, USAID sponsored network or the state, or DOD or, or Intel sponsored network because this is fundamentally covert action that's being done. And when, when the, when the CIA, the CI is subject to restrictions on the kind of covert activity it can do every covert action the CIA does, which is our organ for organized political warfare, you know, George Kenon himself as well as William Casey and Colby and everyone, the express purpose of it was to carry out the subversive side of the political struggle, You know, so that we'd have a mechanism for influencing foreign, you know, the foreign affairs by creating an internal, what what looks to be an organic, you know, grassroots, authentic network within the country.


But we're actually funding and directing their actions, their actions to, to be favorable to US interests. But where I'm going with this is USAID is has most of the worst scandals of us, statecraft and covert action in the past two decades have actually been from USAID rather than ci. And there's, there's a reason for this. So after the big scandals against the Democrats and, and, and liberals and anti-war groups in the, in the sixties and seventies reforms were put in place every, and, and some of this goes back to the, the, for itself, but every covert action, the CI does has to be co has to be authorized by the president in what's called a presidential finding to take that covert action.


So if the, if the CIA senior leadership were a, were just a rogue sell that's not even at the top of leadership, but just a, a rogue desk, a rogue portfolio portfolio, a rogue network wants to run a covert action in a region, but they don't think the president will approve, or the president doesn't wanna formally sign off on it in case it goes, it goes wrong. They can walk right over to USAID who can do the exact same thing the CIA does, except they can call it discreet democracy promotion because it's not technically an intelligence agency. So it's not technically covert action. So it doesn't require executive branch approval or foreknowledge.


And they've gotten in trouble on, on, in these cases in some pretty incredible ways. Can can I show that? Yeah, please. So let's start with, with even the whitewashed version. Go to the Wikipedia of Zza, Neo Z-U-N-Z-E-N-E-O, just on the Wikipedia, and then we can go deeper on this if you want. This was a, a scandal during Obama, the Obama USAID era. Now we were running a number of, of rogue USAID operations in Cuba at the time. By the way, I have to say for the record, I'm no fan of the Cuban government. I, I I'm, and I'm not even weighing in on whether it's the right or wrong thing to do, You know, in terms of regime change there, or, You know, liberating people there from autocratic excess by that government.


I'm simply showing the American people where your tax dollars are going and how these things are structured in order to systematically fool you and to fool congress and to fool the White House. So, for example, so this is, this is, and and I'll, I'll show a couple other things in a second here, but, so this is Zza Neo if, yeah, so you just scroll for a second, we'll start with this, right? So it was an online social media. Can you just scroll up one second? We'll start at the top here. It was an online social social networking microblogging service created by USAID and marketed to Cuban users. This was a, a Twitter knockoff. See the background of this is, this is 2009, 2014, that period, the State Department and USAID were gangbusters gung-ho on the promise of Arab spring style social media revolutions to topple other governments.


You know, that the Arab Spring was a Facebook revolution and a Twitter revolution. USAID pumped $1.2 billion in, you know, and we, we sponsored these activist groups and these civil society organizations to learn how to use Facebook, learn how to use Twitter, lose, learn how to use hashtags, learn how to coordinate street protests so that everyone knows where to go, what street to show up on, you know, what kind of slogans to, you know, to, to use in order to create the pro-democracy, You know, predicate for it. But the problem was, at the time, Cuba did not allow us social media in, so they said, Hmm, so they're not allowing Twitter in, how can we get a Twitter there, but without calling it Twitter and without making it look like it's coming from the us.


So what they did is they took the exact same thing as Twitter, same user interface, same like, and retweet button zza is is the Cuban slang word for, for hummingbird. So just, it means it's it's bird, it was the, the Twitter bird, the whole thing. But the whole trick about it was you have to make it look like it's coming from the Cubans if you're going to do this operation. So what you'll see is it, it began running. So this is 2010, this is right, you know, during the Arab Spring. And what you'll see is they took funds, millions of dollars of funds that were concealed as humanitarian funds designated for Pakistan.


Now, I don't know if Joe, or, or the audience, if you've looked at a map lately, but Pakistan is not exactly the next door neighbor of Cuba, right? So, and this is the, this is the Wikipedia whitewashing, and we can get into the deeper layers of this, but contractors funded by usaid, I should note the main contractor was Creative Associates International, who's a frequent one. It's C-A-I-C-A-I, not CIAI promise. So they, they concealed in the budget from senate, from Congress, from the White House National Security Council. They said that, that these were humanitarian funds for Pakistan, and then they ran that to their contractor, CAI to quote, set up a Byzantine system of front companies using Cayman Islands bank accounts and recruiting unsuspecting business executives who would not be told of the company's ties to the US government.


According to the AP private companies like Creative Associates International designed the network. The idea arose after they were given 500,000 stolen Cuban cell phones that were available on the black market. And then you'll see, if you scroll down, is okay, the network dubbed the, the Cuban Twitter reached about 60,000 Cuban subscribers. The initiative appears to also have had a surveillance dimension allowing a quote, vast database of Cuban zza neo subscribers, including gender, age, and receptiveness and political tendencies to be built with the Associated Press, noting such data would, could be used in the future for political purpose. By the way, these are all in quotes from the internal documents, and we can go through that.


The data would then be used from microtargeting efforts towards anti and pro government users. In Cuba, the developers aimed to at first used non-controversial content such as sports and music and hurricane updates. By the way, they, they used hurricane updates in the internal things, you know, basically a humanitarian front that if you sign up to this app, you'll, you'll know about natural disasters in the area. Meanwhile, what was the plan the whole time? Once they built up enough subscribers, they would begin to introduce political messages through social bots and encouraged descent in this, in this astroturfing, there's a great guardian writeup on this. If you, if you go to Guardian Zza Neo, so you can see, see how crazy, just type in zza neo smart mob guardian.


You'll see the internal files explicitly said, we're gonna lure 'em in with music, sports, and hurricane updates. You have to join, you have to join, you know, this, You know, Twitter and Cuba if you want, You know, to be relevant in the culture and see what's trending in sports and music. If you wanna be safe in your homes, if you wanna know where hurricanes are going, Twitter, you know, Cuban Twitter is the, the fastest place to get this. It's humanitarian work for, you know, that's, we're saving lives by doing this. But the whole point is, once they hit a critical mass, they would create rental riots. And, and they would use this the same way they used it in Egypt and Tunisia to topple those governments under the Obama administration.


They would organize smart mobs rental riots. And if, and if you, if you scroll down, there's some, you know, there, this, this is a fantastic article, highly recommend, there's a lot more there. But, but okay, stop right there. Scroll up a little bit. Scroll up a little bit. Okay. Documents show the US government plan planned to build a subscriber base through non-controversial news content news messages on soccer, music, and hurricane updates. This is in The Guardian. Later, when the network reached a critical mass, perhaps hundreds of thousands operators would introduce political content aimed at inspiring Cubans to, to organize quote smart mobs mass gatherings called in a moment's notice that might trigger a Cuban Spring or as one USA document, put it, quote, renegotiate the balance of power between state and society.


And, you know, so one more thing. If you, if you wanna look up on this, you see how they, how they conceal it. If you just type in USAID and the, and discreet or, or discreet action, and you'll see how usaid, when, when this scandal popped off, everyone said, what the hell, how did this happen? This is classic CIA work, you're using Cayman Islands bank accounts. You're saying it's, you're earmarking you for Pakistan, you know, Pakistani aid. This has clear implications for us statecraft, if this gets busted, this is what the c this is why we task the CIA a to do this plausible deniability. If something has diplomatic blowback and we don't want us fingerprints on it, we need a formal intelligence agency because there's diplomatic blow back if US fingerprints are revealed.


So no, yeah, just discreet, yeah, yeah, like discrete. Let's see if you scroll down that, that third one might do. But if you scroll down, B blah blah, if you, you put discreet discrete action, it may be put discrete action or discrete covert and action. I believe there's a HuffPo one on this. That's, yeah, There You go. It's, yeah. When is covert action not covert, when it's discreet USAIDs? So basically when this, and if you scroll down to the bottom of this, you'll see if you just control F for the word Senate, you'll see last week Elon Musk held an X space directly with Senator Joni Ernst, who has been on this crusade to reform USAID excesses.


And there was a really scandalous moment there where Senator Ernst revealed that she was actually threatened by USAID when she tried to get insight into what they were actually doing. Well, if, if you actually scroll down, if you just do the next, the next one, basically what USAID said is, well, it's discreet democracy promotion, so it's, you know, we don't need a presidential finding for it. Okay? Maybe this is not the, but basically if, if, if you control that for the word staff, that might help it too. But everyone can look this up independently, all this, okay, is that the only, okay, maybe it's a different article, but basically senate staffers and everyone go on YouTube. This is, there was a formal hearing on this to, for oversight what happened And what the staffers said is this is the staffers on the Senate Farm relations committee, which is supposed to be the thing that reigns in, that gives the American people oversight and accountability for USAID gone rogue.


And what, what this, what the senate staffers overseeing USAID said is we had no visibility on this entire operation the entire time because USAID told us if they had to, if they had to tell us what we were doing, people could die. This is classic CIA stuff, but the, the Senate was blocked, and I should note again, when it's too dirty for the cia, you give it to usaid. This is why these drug operations and these terrorist operations run primarily through USAID rather than directly at the CIA, the Inspector general. Just, just two weeks ago, put out a report. This was the first time this has been publicly reported. There's been an inspector general at USAID practically from the day it was born. It's supposed to be, this is what Joni Ernst was complaining about, Senator Joni ERT was complaining about, which was that?


How, how can they get away with this? And it's because the Inspector general, who's supposed to hold the agency to account from, from the inside, but it's an independent agency, so there's limited oversight from the outside. If you have a Rogue Inspector General, they keep the whole op in-house. Don't need to tell the executive branch, don't need to tell the senate Congress, run it just like an Ali North Iran Contra style, self-sustained standalone off the shelf private enterprise to run covert action on taxpayer dime, but not have it go through the formal approval channels. Well, so basically, You know, what, what they were doing here in, You know, in what, what the OIG report, the Inspector general report just published, and every, the, the best article on this with the, the link to it is John Solomon's just the news, you know, published this, a writeup on it as well as the source document from, from the OIGs office.


We're just now learning this two weeks ago, despite them, them doing this activity for 30 years, it turns out there's a, there's a get out of, get out of sponsoring terrorism free card at usaid, which is that USAID cannot directly provide funding to terrorist groups, but their contractors are not required under the grant agreements to go through those, You know, OFAC style, those counter-terrorism financing. If a bank did it, you would go directly to jail, do not pass, go, You know, do not have liberty again for the next 20 years of your life. But if USAID does it, it's completely legal right now.


And so this is how you have USAID giving, you know, they just last week, $122 million to isis. You know, we found, you know, they, they fund All the terrorist groups in Pakistan. They fund the, you know, the terrorist groups in the, in the Sahel in Africa. And what, what purpose, paramilitary terrorist groups are extremely useful to us statecraft as for, for DOD special operations work, as well as for political destabilization work. I'll give you a great example. We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll stay in Pakistan. Osama bin Laden a peaceful, what, what was it? Yeah, a, a warrior on the road to peace.


I remember the puff pieces about Osama bin Laden before, before muja, the mujahideen, the mujahideen, the mujahideen. Here's a great clip. Can you find the clip of a big new brezinski? I believe this is around like 1789 airdropping out of a helicopter. 1989, No, 79 I believe it was. Oh, 1979. Yeah, it's a big, if you type in big new Brezinski, that's gonna be a, a wallop one to spell live. But if you just do Zabi brezinski, You can go to YouTube. I got it. And, you know, type in, you know, mujahideen And, you know, watch him airdrop out of the helicopter and make the exact same speech that John McCain made to the Azoff Battalion, the, You know, the extremist paramilitary faction of Ukraine that was banned from getting feral funding.


You know, in 2014 when the Democrats said they're all Nazis, but now they're all, you know, sponsored and get standing ovations from in the halls of Congress, because now they are geopolitically useful to pump to capacity build. So you go, so, so here you go. US National Security Advisor, Brozinsky flew to Pakistan to set about rallying resistance. He wanted to arm the mujahideen without revealing America's role on the Afghan border near the Kbo past. He urged the soldiers of God to redouble their efforts. Can you pause for a sec? Notice how he said he wanted to arm the mujahideen without revealing America's role role.


Okay. The whole point was to pump up this, you know, fundamentalist extremist terrorist group with the funding and support they need, but without revealing America's role, hello usaid. That's the function today. But, but keep, keep playing no Of their deep belief in God. And we are confident that their struggle will succeed. You know, that land over there is yours. You'll go back to it one day because your fight will prevail and you'll have your homes and your mosques back again because your cause is right and God is on your side.


That land is yours. Go out there and take it. We'll give you the money. Now what, Jamie, if you can pull up one thing, and I'm gonna just talk a little bit more about this case while you're, while you're pulling this up, you can find this, I believe on my, on my X feed. I've posted this clip, but you could also find it searching either X or YouTube of John McCain. And I believe he was with Lindsey Graham making that exact same speech, using the same language in, I believe it was 2016 or 24, I believe it was 2016, around then to the Azov Battalion folks in Ukraine. And to the, You know, to the paramilitaries. It's almost, it's almost word for word, you know, this was, but let me, let me stick on the mujahideen thing for a second, because this gets back to this fundamental structuring of why U USAID is allowed to, is tasked with this, you know, there's a bigger budget than the cia.


A USA does it capacity builds the assets that CIA liaises with, but if the assets aren't there, CI has no one to tell what, what to do, you know, they've, none of their, You know, agents on the ground or, you know, case officers can build an action plan unless there are assets on the ground that have money, that have training, that have food, that have shelter, and US aid steps into build to put the chess pieces on the board that, that the CIA can, You know, can play with. Interestingly, I should note that the, you know, the CI gets a copy of every grant that the National Endowment for Democracy makes. This was published in the New York Times in, in a piece called, you know, global Missionaries for Global Pluralism about USAID's top operational arm, ned.


But, but the point I'm getting at here is why were we funding terrorists in the 1970s and eighties? Well, according to our national security advisor, he was a big new Brezinski, the grand chess board, You know, this, You know, celebrated Apex predator of American statecraft. You know, I think he, he hit a quote that was something like, well, You know, arm, what is arming a you, You know, Islamic fundamentalists, you know, matter when weighed against the history of America winning the Cold War, you know, that, that this fundamentally destabilized and bogged the Soviet Union down. You know, this was extremely effective. But also, how do we fund the mujahideen? Well, the mujahideen is in Afghanistan.


They were, before they became Al-Qaeda and isis. What asset does Afghanistan have to play with in order to fund its its war network, its paramilitary network? Well, it's the drug network. They happen to sit on the, you know, basically the poppy fields that when exploited comprised 95% of the world's heroin if you export that. And so the CIA backed State Department, USAID backed, and we can go through receipts of USAID doing the same, you know, drugs for cash, for guns work in the 1960s, practically from the day it was born. But what they were doing is they were taking those poppy harvest, and then they were depositing them in CI proprietary banks like the, like BCCI, the Bank of Credit and Commerce International, everyone can look this up.


Or if you wanna plug in C-I-A-B-B-C-C-I, and look at All the mainstream media report on this, it was a major, major, major scandal, you know, be, had become one of the world's largest banks. And it was basically a CIA front, And it was a, you know, Pakistani frontman for this. And it was converting, effectively washing the proceeds of these drugs so that they could be per, so that the mujahideen could buy arms while the, you know, while the Pakistani militants were being, you know, funded and trained in Pakistan. And then they, you know, go to Afghanistan and conduct military operations against, you know, a against, you know, against the, the Russians who were our stated Cold War enemy.


The same thing's happening today, though. If you go on my X feeded right now, I'm gonna show you something related to this and how this still goes on today. USAID has been busted multiple times for actually cultivating the poppy and heroin production in, in Afghanistan. Exactly. In Afghanistan. This was, this was actually the inspector, you know, there was a, it, it was one of the, one of the adjacent units, not, I don't think it was directly overseeing seeing u usaid, but they published a whole report on this that basically usaid, you know, was keeping the poppy production alive by doing, you know, what was said to be, You know, irrigation And, you know, agricultural sustainability, but targeting it in the, in the, in the heroine network.


And this, by the way, remember the Taliban banned, banned poppy production, And it was after that ban that Afghanistan became the source of 95% of the world's heroin. So USAID was growing those crops. Now, okay, You can argue, well, hey, maybe it was an accident, maybe they went rogue. I wanna show you something now from an adjacent USAID network group, which is funded a hundred percent by the US government, created by an act of Congress. If you, if you go to my, my Ex account right now, and you type in US Institute for Peace, or you just put in institute peace, you'll, you'll see this, this organization gets $56 million a year from US taxpayers.


Its office is right next to the US State Department. I literally walk by it. It is a, so it's funded by the government. It's, it's accountable to the government. It's, you know, accountable to, you know, the, the House, house, house and Senate, You know, foreign affairs, foreign relations, it gets all of its money as a pass through from the US State Department. Yeah. Type in in, yeah, in, yeah. There You go. Go scroll, scroll down, scroll down. That one, that one right there, right there. Taliban's, successful opium ban. So this is 100% top to bottom, a direct organ of the US government. Okay, click that. Click that. There You go. Okay. This Alban successful opium ban is bad for Afghans and the world.


The ban is not counter narcotics victory and will have negative economic and humanitarian consequences potentially leading to a refugee crisis. How could they say it's not a counter-narcotics victory? Look and look at the date. 2023. This, this ain't ancient history. This is less than two years ago. That's crazy. This is the State Department saying, yeah, listen, 95% of the world's heroin, You know, keeps it flows from here. Keep the heroin flowing. It would be an economic disaster. Well, where do you think those drug money? Those what, what paramilitary networks. You know, you hear about all these terrorist networks that, you know, like, think about what just happened in Syria with isis.


Everyone, well, actually before I go to that, let's, let's get back to ISIS and the difference between the ISIS foreign policy for the Obama Biden world and Trump. And I'm gonna connect this, but wait, can you pull that back up, Jamie for a second? I just want everyone to see it. Don't look away. Stare straight into the sun. Go to the next, next receipt here. There You go. 2024, budget and brief, US Institute of Peace seeking 2050 $6 million from US taxpayers to promote global peace and security. Don't, you know, by keeping the 95% of the world's heroin flowing in accordance with its congressional mandate? And then, you know, and then I think I have the next screenshot is just, you know, showing them. Do, Did they give any examples of how it would promote peace to keep the, the opium flowing?


Well, well, Because the way they're saying it, it's like this Orwellian speak. Well, yeah. You always have to invert it, right? When they say peace, it's war, right? So, so this is, this is war. For example, US Institute of Peace was doing the same thing with the Albanian drug networks that formed a, a paramilitary fighting squad against the, the Yugoslavian government as we were overthrowing Sloan Melvich. I mean, this stuff goes, goes way back. I mean, this was created in 1984, somewhat thematic, ironic, You know, by Congress. And again, this was a Ronald Reagan creation. And why I come back to, you know, that thing that just broke the John Bolton hand grenade, the holy hand grenade of Antioch from Monty Python.


This is the, you know, nothing's, nothing really gets to the heart of what USAID truly is, than the, the image of John Bolton proudly declaring that he was the head of policy and budget at usaid. And his farewell gift from the agency was a golden hand grenade with his name carved on it. But you know what he said, you know, in that, in that Pi Morgan interview, and I know if, if you, we could play it if you, if you want. Yeah. He wants it off your feet. Yeah, But you know, what he said is, listen, I said it also said, proud au and this is why I come back to this. We're fighting a number of ghosts from our past here we're, you know, a lot of Republicans are fine with fighting Woodrow Wilson's ghost.


He was the one who, you know, said, make the world safe for democracy and gave us this doctrinal blank check to do soft power in, in infiltration, work against every plot of dirt, and every foreign citizen in every foreign country on planet Earth gives us the blank check to be a global empire. Okay? A lot of people say, okay, we're focus on us. You know, Wilson's a bad guy, okay? Okay. But you're also fighting the ghost of Ronald Reagan. You know, I should note that USAID is actually in its headquarters in DC is in the Ronald Reagan building, USAID play, and Ronald Reagan played, played the key role in fundamentally creating the restructured blob that we live under after the scandals of the 1970s.


That the CIA was busted in church committee hearings, heart attack, gun Mockingbird, MK Ultra, you know, assassinations, you know, all that stuff. Jimmy Carter got into Power 19, you know, 76 carried out the harshest destruction of CIA operations capacity and funding ever in American history. He laid off 30% of the entire CIA operations division in a single day that was called the Halloween Massacre, crippled their budget. And then the Iran hostage situation pops off in, you know, 79. The, the National Security State argues this wouldn't have happened unless the CCIA a had its old powers back. Democrats still hated the CIA a at that time because it had been directly interfering in their own domestic politics and trying to thwart factions of them just like they're doing today against the MAGA movement side of the Republican party.


You know, the universal thump has been passed around in that way, but, so they couldn't get a, a legislative bill to do this. So what they did is they, they restructured the, the intelligence apparatus, the covert action capacities, and the way our statecraft is done through USAID and the creation of the national down for democracy to take the baton from what the CI used to do. But the whole point of it is, is in tandem now. That's why you have these John Bolton at usaid. This is why you have Liz Cheney at usaid. You know, this is what we're fighting against in, in, as we're reforming this is, it's not really a partisan issue as I see it, even though, You know, statistics show there's disproportionate Democrat beneficiaries. But You know, the real issue is the MAGA movement is fighting the, the ghost of of Ronald Reagan passed.


The, the reason Republicans loved U usaid, John Bolton types, Liz Cheney types love it, is because this was our muscle for us Chamber of Commerce, multinational companies, to pad their profits. Because Exxon and Mo ExxonMobil, how many, you know, how many hundreds of billions in the aggregate has ExxonMobil and Chevron benefit from, from US regime change efforts or US pressure on foreign governments in order to give them access to the petroleum in order to do partnerships with those governments? We saw that just, you know, a few years ago as we just went over with Joe Biden doing the same thing for Barisma. But so the big, the big multinational businesses loved this, And it was sold as trickle down economics.


This is the, the reaganite sort of Reaganomics and why it's attached to the hip with usaid and why this is something we need to keep in mind as we reform, is that the idea was, is look, we do some dirty work abroad, but at the end of the day, that pads profits and revenue for US companies, those US companies employ US citizens, and they build manufacturing plants in Ohio and, and in Colorado and New Mexico. And that's what allows you to have 4 0 1 Ks. That's what allows you to have discretionary income. That's what allows you to afford higher education and, and houses and, and a, a retirement plan. The problem was, is as globalization kept on, kept a pace, you know, through the nineties and two thousands, these same multinational corporations that the reaganite, you know, trickle down economics, you know, use the blob to, to, to, to support the Chamber of Commerce.


They don't hire their labor here anymore. They don't have their manufacturing facilities here anymore. You know, we're not the primary export market for this. So you have US State, state Department and USAID paying to help the corporate welfare of nominally US-based companies. But the trickle, it's, it's all being kept within that secular blob of the, you know, the thicket of government officials, equity holders in these corporations, foreign currency speculators, you know, banking on the activity in the region, you know, the, the banks, financial firms and, and political insiders. And so it doesn't actually get down to the people anymore.


So you do need to restructure, if you're going to keep using this in order to qualify you, you have to have a certain minimal threshold of reinvestment in America, which I'm very happy that Trump is doing by trying to bring all this investment, you know, we saw with Japan and other countries' trying to get them double, triple their commitments. We need to demand that of our, of our own corporations if they want, have a meeting with the Secretary of State or the, or the head of the Central Intelligence Agency like Pepsi did in the 1970s when we overthrew that, if you want to go there, This is all, so this is, it's so deep that it makes you wonder, is there enough time in four years to unravel this stuff?


Oh, no, not four years. This is, this is a, this is a 50 year project. 50 year project. Oh, yeah. No, There are many fractal layers to this reform process. And every step of the way there are gonna be layers of resistance. I don't think the, the people who are, look, we should spike footballs, we should pop champagne. We should do a touchdown dance on this. This is the first serious time in American history that the foreign policy establishment has had to be accountable to the people who pay for it. Even the church committee didn't cause the entire shutdown of, of a federal agency didn't lay off, You know, remember I mentioned the, the Halloween massacre, Jimmy Carter, 30% of the workforce laid off.


Yeah. We try what just happened with usaid, which employs, You know, a lot more people than even the c I did, you know, at that time, 99, 90 9%, it went from 14,000 down to 290. This is in every way, symbolically, operationally, financially, the hardest blow the blob has ever had to suffer in terms of accountability. And it's only getting way deeper from here, because He's only, he's only been in office for a month. Yeah. Well, that's why, You know, we need to create a legacy in a pipeline of people to carry on these reforms, which is part of my personal struggle here, which is that most people, 99% of people who got involved with the MAGA movement did it because they care about the domestic.


They care about, you know, we talked about this. They, they got, 'cause they, their school curriculum is woke because the, the, the police allow crime, You know, in the streets. And you know, you, you know, the, the infrastructure's crumbling and there's corruption everywhere. And no one's held accountable. They don't think about Pakistan. They don't think about Bangladesh. They don't think, they don't, they don't, they don't think about, you know, who's on the US Ezer, Bajan Chamber of Commerce, And you know, how if they're living in Louisiana or Houston or You know, Oklahoma, that actually their jobs at ExxonMobil and Chevron sort of depend on these, you know, this strong arm diplomacy that we have with Persian Gulf countries.


They don't care about the Persian Gulf. They, they care about local Oklahoma. And, but they're, they have to now, in order to understand the world they live in, in order to understand what's, what's driving the world around them in order to understand the actual true face of the characters they've thought, they've known, they're going to have to become international minded. They're going to have to become versed in the interplay between the domestic and the international. One of the problems when I started out this journey in 2016 is that there was no MAGA foreign policy intelligentsia. I could make all of these, you know, I was, I was traveling the country pre slideshow presentation after slideshow presentation, talking to every human I could, even DC insiders in, in, you know, in in mag.


You, you'd show them all of this. And they, they didn't have a framework for understanding it. They, they could, they could see that, they could see that the information was true. They could see that this, these are, you know, formal government documents. These are formal grant outlays to real organizations run by real people with real names and addresses. It's, You know, but, but they didn't un you'd have to explain the function of every single one of those. You know, you'd have to explain, for example, that the Pentagon does an awful lot more than kinetic military activity. You know, for example, when I draw, because this is, this is what's coming next, right?


President Trump tasked Elon Musk was sick in the Doge dogs on, on the Pentagon, and, you know, depending on how you measure it, the size of waste, fraud, abuse of the Pentagon ranges from a couple hundred billion. They are the biggest, you know, federal agency in all of this. They have $900 billion budget compared to only 44 billion at usaid and even less at CIA. So they, but You know, the, the Yahoo Finance, you know, published this a couple years ago, a $35 trillion black hole. If you wanna pull up that receipt on screen, just so I don't look like I'm saying this directly myself, but just type in 35 trillion Pentagon black hole.


The, the, that's larger than, You know, the, the entire national debt. Just the amount of just the black hole in the size of the accounting budget of the Pentagon over the years from its continual, you know, failing, you know, this is on Yahoo Finance. You know, this is, and this is what, 2020 I think you have. When America was born in 1789, in the first meeting of Congress, there were only three agencies that were created in the beginning of time, shall we say. The first act of Congress was to create the Department of State, the Department of Treasury, and the Department of War. And the Defense Department is the, is the department.


It became the Department of War in 19. The Department of War became the Department of Defense in, in 1948. What, what people, even now, they're seeing these, these USAID scandals with funding to the Democrats, or funding to some of these blob internationalist Republicans or funding to these media institutions. You ain't seen nothing yet when you get to the Pentagon stuff, because USAID was created effectively, in part, to assist Pentagon activity under humanitarian front. And I, I talk about this a lot, but I feel that the point is underappreciated. So this is sort of a good moment to go over it. Am I talking too much, by the way? Nope. Perfect.


Okay. So everyone, You know, they say, You know, you know, JFK is a martyred figure, You know, and in the news again this week, obviously with, you know, the, the new trove of documents and whatnot, and Trump's EO around, you know, the source of his assassination. But the fact that JFK created, created USAID by executive order in 1961, and he is known and loved as a, as a martyred figure, regardless of who in the end killed him, has given us sort of public, I imp premature on USAID as a, or us a ID as it used to be called.


And, you know, you know, in order to try to make clear that it was not, you know, an aid organization, but now, now almost, you know, even that parlance has, has dropped off as they need to defend it more and more. But, so they, they think, okay, you know, JFK martyred deeply beloved figure, he created usaid. It was sort of out the kindness of his heart. It was a charity. You, this was, it was JFK who fundamentally supercharged America's the American military's small wars capacity. This is the, the, the terminology in the US Army War College and Special Forces around, you know, sort of not full scale conventional wars.


They're either small, small scale paramilitary skirmishes or, or insurgency counterinsurgency. So it's, and the problem was is JFK was, was bogged down in Vietnam, bogged down in, in Laos. And the, the problems that we were fighting against were not the kind of things that, you know, you'd have, you had the political predicate after a lot of the disasters of the cor of the Korean War in 1950. And, and the international blowback to having formal DOD boats on the grounds. What what he believed was, was vital and necessary to capacity build and supercharge was a co a, a paramilitary covert capacity for DOD in the war fighting space that the CI had had at that point in the political war space.


And this is done through the US Special forces and through some of its sub-branches, which are psychological operations, civil military affairs, we, we can stick with that. But basically, these are civil military is when in order to achieve the military objective, the, the thing that needs to be done is actually something of the civil layer. Like, for example, in order to win the war in against Russia, right now, NATO believes we need to build the single largest military base in all of NATO on the Black Sea Coast of Romania. That points straight out in a line at Crimea and move this, this base that's under construction is a hundred percent bigger than the biggest current Air Force NATO base in, you know, in Europe, the, the Ramstein base in, in Germany, we're now moving as we speak, there are fighter jets and drones being moved from Germany to Romania.


As we are building this base that will be the point of source projection against the, the Black Sea Navy of Russia against the, you know, against Crimea in order to, you know, turn the tide. Well, that's a military operation, right? The, the, the military, the NATO military base against the Russian forces in Crimea. But what is actually the most important strategic objective for the military, it's actually not a military one, it's a civil one. See, there's an election going on in Romania right now. You may have, you may have heard about this, the canceled election in Romania with the Georgia ku, this right-wing populist figure who has pledged neutrality in the war, doesn't wanna, he, he's no, doesn't wanna antagonize America, but he doesn't want to kill the Russians.


He doesn't want, he wants to basically back NATO off. And he doesn't want to allow this military base to be, to be made. Well, that is a civil decision by the elected government of Romania, decided by the hearts and minds of the voters of the Romanian people. But that civil action will either in NATO's eyes, win the war or lose the war. So the problem is, is you, it would kind of be a, something of a diplomatic incident, shall we say. If NATO rolled in and did, You know, Sloboda milovich style air, You know, air strife of, You know, air strife against the Romanian Parliament building and rolled into, You know, rolled into the capitol with tanks and troops just because, you know, the president was responding to the Democratic will of the people.


So you need another mechanism to influence the civil affairs. Enter civil military, and this is where you get USAID in this, as well as USAID for psychological operations. You know, for example, I've been, I've been playing this, you know, clip for, for months now and showing this, You know, US military document from the John F. Kennedy Special Warfare, You know, center, I mean the, the, the special forces, the psychological operations and civil military training and recruiting center at Fort Bragg, the center of our psychological operations. It's called the John F. Kennedy Special Warfare Training Center. But, you know, USAID does that work?


So, for example, I've been showing a military document from the Biden Mark Milley era, published in 2021, about how to plan race riots in Africa in order to, in order to stop the construction of a, of a, of a port by a foreign government that would allow their forced projection into the Atlantic Ocean in a sample scenario where the US Ambassador tries to get this West African country on the, you know, on the Atlantic coast there to, to cancel the port construction for the, in partnership with the foreign government. But that government doesn't wanna do it. And so they refuse the US ambassador, they refuse the State Department. So this is literally in the planning guide in PitchBook for the US Special Forces.


It's available online right now. Everyone can look this up. It's all over my ex ex feeded. I've posted the link a million times and All the screenshots. But they show the role of special forces. They, they're pitching this basically to, You know, to get more grant funding that, that we can help in near-peer competition actually with these, with foreign countries by having special forces destabilize the country, inflame racial tensions between the Africans who work in the factories and the business owners of the foreign government in the local regional development cause mass walkouts and strikes by, if you wanna pull this on screen, I can, You know, if, You know, I can just show you these two, these two things. If you just go to my X feeded, and You can type in rent rights, or you can just type in, you know, just type in USAID job fairs or usaid, you know, job.


And you'll see in this scenario, they, they talk about the interagency coordination between defense diplomacy and development. You know, all, All the, the, the roles, yes. If do USAID job, you can pull it up. And what they propose is that as they are inflaming these racial tensions to cause these riots and boycotts of the local businesses that USAID would play the role of swooping in. Yeah, go ahead, click those and I can show you the source documents and everything. It's, it's all over. So IWC for example, is Information Warfare Center at Fort Bragg. Again, they're in West Africa. This, now, this is a sample scenario with a hypothetical African country, and I don't wanna belabor this, I I'm not trying to cause an international incident by saying this.


I'm just trying to get the American people insight into why you are going to find USAID fingerprints all over Pentagon operations, and no one's gonna have known about it before because you park it at usaid. The military doesn't have to tell the president what they're actually doing. This is why, for example, you had the fight over isis and I, I'll let, we can get to this right after this, but, You know, I'll, I'll, we'll, we'll get to how, how the US military duped Trump through these, these things constantly playing Shell games with the numbers in Syria, for example. You'll see, You know, what the Information Warfare Center did is, You know, they, they saw a sign at the, at along the road for this port construction. And they, they say the plan is we need to buy the ambassador more time because this port is gonna be, they're gonna close on it and we need to give the ambassador more leverage at the negotiating table.


So this is a support operation for the State Department in order to secure an agreement from the African government to shut the port down. But right now, the ambassador doesn't have the smoke, doesn't have the clout, doesn't have the leverage. So the military will come in and provide that leverage by destabilizing the country. Cause you know, inflaming longstanding friction between the African workers and the, the foreign corporations popping off protests and then using their swarm army of inter news, usaid, you know, the, the social media campaign and media articles to that are led actually in the background by the Information warfare center at Fort Bragg to illuminate the controversy to a global audience, right?


This caused international financial pressure and sanctions on the, but if you go to the next slide, and here we go, usaid, so this is again, US military document 2021 Biden administration to make sure this thing really pops off. USAID is gonna swoop in along with other NGOs to establish job fairs near the protest areas. So that when, so that when these in racially inflamed African workers want, you know, take to the streets, they don't need to worry about losing their careers at those companies. They just went on strike at, because they're gonna be on US taxpayer dime, baby.


It's going to be US truck drivers, median income, you know, 45, $50,000 a year paying for striking African workers to get no-show jobs as a part of a, a race riot operation for the US Special forces to give leverage to the US State Department ambassador in order to stop a, a random port construction in West Africa. And It says here, within two weeks, the construction company lost 60% of its required labor pool. So it's effective. Now you get, and and this is where, I dunno if you wanna, you know, take a breather and pivot to something lighter, but this is where it starts to get really, really nasty, because there are layers to this that I see. But because I'm not an insider, I'm not, I don't have access to the inside government documents.


I don't have subpoena power at Congress. There, Someone has to, has to get an answer on some of these questions. And I was gonna talk about the connection of this to, You know, the rental riots. I I should say formally, we don't know that the rent riots formally, the riots that popped off in this country in 2020 in that I see is one of the main ways that the blob may be able to regain leverage here in the United States in the years ahead. Right? Right now they're doing lawfare, they're, they're trying to mend the, they're a little bit impotent right now because their coalition is very fractured.


Many of the stalwart international Republicans have gone full maga. So the bipartisan consensus on this is weaker than it was. And then probably most, most difficult for them, there's a bit of a civil war happening even within the Democrat party. 'cause of All the bad blood between the Biden Camp and the Kamala Harris camp. I mean, you need a unified network on the Democrat side to pull this off. And you had Joe bi, you know, Joe Biden was soft couped out of office by his own party. And you have half the Democrat party who was in bi. This was a very contentious, long, drawn out process. Joe Biden put on a MAGA hat, actually asked one of those union workers, I believe he was, or one of those people at the, at that event for the MAGA hat to put on.


And that was a, that was quite a, How about Jill Biden wearing a red dress when she went to vote? Yeah. Yeah. Good. It's a big deal. And, And when Joe Biden walked out at that White House press conference to announce that Donald Trump had won the election the day before, people go back and watch that. I have never seen Joe Biden smile harder in My life the way when he, when he had Trump in the White House and smiling and la he looked like he was having a good old time. Right? Right. He was happy. A stark contrast between Obama welcoming Trump in 2016, right? Right. And Obama was, was backing the Kamala, you know, sort of, you know, ouster of Biden.


And so when they were all united in this bipartisan, you know, blob network and the Democrats were completely cohesive and a full half of the Republican party was, was internationalist. You could get this buy-in, for example. It was easy to synchronize the US Chamber of Commerce with the a Ffl CIO with, with, with the Union Street Muscle the way. So usaid, you know, get just back, back at this whole USAID Truman show. And I, and like I say this ever, there is no nothing you can tell me that is not affected by, by the USAID Truman show.


You wanna talk about the music industry? I can I tell you about USAID's, complete infiltration of the music industry. How so? Oh my gosh. Okay. So, and maybe I can show, you know, receipts on screen here for, for a second. Do, do you wanna, we, we'll start with, with, with an easy one. Cause it wasn it's directly connected to what we were just talking about with Zenni in Cuba. So if you go to this Max Blumenthal's outlet's called Gray Zone News, and again, I'm not trying to beat up on our foreign policy establishments foreign policy on Cuba or way into that, but this is how the sausage is made. And you're gonna see a million examples of this in a second of this. But, but go to, go to just type in on Google, like, or any search engine, gray Zone News, Cuban rappers, usaid, and, you know, you'll see this and, and you know, th these are basically sponsored hip hop artists to write, you know, to, to do revolutionary hip hop, to appeal, to, to appeal to the Afro-Cuban community who the National for Democracy had identified as being a demographic.


See, every time we do these operations, USAID c the NGOs, they'll, they'll submit what they call a baseline assessment or strategic assessment to the State Department, where, where they will do, where they will do a demographic segmentation of All the demographics in the country who's, who's pro us, who's against us in the region. And then they will micro targett the grants in the capacity building to capacity build the burning ember to turn it into a flame. So, for example, and, and just so you see this, I mean, you can go to the CI world Factbook right now. This is, this is just the public facing ci.gov. You can type in a random country like Burma on just WCIA, you know, world, world Book Burma.


You'll see the, we keep meticulous tabs on the, the racial distribution, the religious distribution, the gender distribution, the, you know, the l the heteronormative versus L-B-G-L-G-T-L-G-B-T one. This is why USAID and NED we're, we're backing and supporting Pussy Riot in Russia, You know, to do these, you know, sort of insane, you know, sort of feminist L-G-B-T-Q styled left winging Street riots. And this is what they, you know, this caused this international incident. You can see All the USAID d stuff on, on them for Pussy Ride is the music industry. And go to YouTube and look at their music videos, if you wanna see what state spon, what state sponsored, You know, music looks like.


But in, in the Cuba case, you know, they were, NED had published this document. NED is the operations arm of usaid and they get ton of their grants through it. And they're a companion star said, okay, all of our previous attempts to overthrow the Cuban government failed. Well, you know, something like 60% of the Cuban population is Afro-Cuban. They're, they're radically underrepresented. The Cuban government, they, they have their own grievances around police policing issues and around representation issues. And they even noted in the document that that demographic, and I'm not saying this, Ned is saying this in Cuba, is disproportionately drawn to drugs influenced by rap music and, and suffers from overwhelming amount of, you know, of un youth unemployment.


And so capacity building those desperate networks, capacity building, you know, the, you know, anti addiction programs will get you into the, into the, into the drug networks doing job fairs and, And, you know, get, getting these people on us payroll will alleviate their pain points on, on employment. And they all, they're, you know, predominantly listening to hip hop. So we need to work with, I believe the group is the Edra movie, and I'm not beating up on it. You can make an argument that, that I, I'm not weighing in on whether this is good or bad, but the American people have to know this because this gets played on their radio stations in Miami. This gets, you know, art testimonials to this are at, You know, art Basel in Miami every year, you know, and, and this, this is the Truman Show around you.


But You can, You can read that Gray Zone report, for example, on write up on that, on All the USAID funding All the meetings with the US AM ambassador And, you know, And you know, Western hemisphere assistant secretary folks, you know, how, how the whole thing was get to, you can talk about musicians like Dua Lipa. Do you know you familiar with Dua Lipa? I've heard the name. Yeah. You know, don't stop now, You know, she's, you know, a million of these great hits. I fantastic musician, I'm a big fan on the music side. Dua Lipa won the Distinguished Leadership Award. I forget if it was last year or the year before from the Atlanta Council. Hmm. The Atlanta Council.


That's the same organization that we played on screen during our first conversation. W where we went over the Atlanta Council, you know, holding up, I call bullshit placards bs, right? And looking at Trump tweets and training hundreds of journalists for how to flag and censor him saying tweets like witch hunt or Brexit slogans for, you know, cheaper healthcare. The, the Atlanta Council who has seven CIA directors seven former number one heads of the cia, a on its board of directors that gets direct grant funding from the Pentagon, the State Department, and USAID be the Atlanta Council who had a formal partnership agreement with Barisma, I should note, signed on January 19th, 2017, one day before Trump became the US president.


Why the heck would they give Dua Lipa a, you know, distinguished leadership a award? Well, You know, she's ethnic Albanian and has activities in Kosovo. And, but I'm not trying to cause an international incident when I say this, but, you know, her messaging around the, the post Yugoslavia breakup, Balkan states, and a lot of the geopolitics around Serbia right now, the US State Department has been pursuing as well as usaid and to whatever extent you may or may not be there, You know, the, the civil military arm of, of the, of the US military, I believe, and I'm not privy to any inside information.


This is, this is my, my reading of the tea leaves that I've been laying out before. Everyone is, is not very happy with the government of Serbia. And they want that Serbian government people in the Serbian government arrested, indicted and put through a process that they call transitional justice. And transitional justice is the idea that when you transition a country, when you overthrow its government or you pump up your favorite political party to win the election, it transitions from democracy, from autocracy to democracy, or it transitions from illiberal demo democracy to genuine democracy.


It's a turnover of government. And, and we have doctrine. We have a whole field of scholarship at the State Department at usaid. And that is carried out in covert ways through civil military, DOD and, and at CIA called Transitional justice, which is weaponizing the Justice department and creating the criminal predicate to eliminate your political adversaries. You just narrowly vanquished in a nailbiter vote in order to stop them from ever rising to power again. And I'll show you some great receipts on this so that everyone can see this with their own eyes. But before I do, lemme just flesh this out for a second, which is that every regional desk at the State Department or or in the USAID portfolio has to compete every year on, for their budget.


They have to fight for their lives because the people you know, who are the regional desks around Kyrgyzstan And, you know, Georgia, Moldova, Latvia, Lithuania, they're competing for in the budget for what's going to Western Hemisphere, what's going to Argentina and Brazil and Columbia. And they're competing against Su Subsaharan Africa. So the cheaper it is to manage the political sage of a country, the better they may have had to, to, to ask for a lot more money in the budget one-off in election year to run that money through Democracy International or through SEPs or, or any number of USAID or NAD programs to fund the political party. They want, they want to win, but they can't keep that sys the, they were only given that money because it was a special thing.


They're not necessarily gonna be able to get that the next time around. And they'll be able to spend money on other soft power goals in the region if it's, if they don't have to worry about the other party rising again or doing what Trump just did, you know, winning, then losing, then winning again. And so, transitional justice is a whole field at state and in the NGO plex to, to make it cheap, to manage the course of and result of foreign elections by making sure anyone who's a serious challenger to you ends up in jail. And I'm just gonna show you something because it's now in the news, Elon Musk this week, You know, is, You know, tweeted out about, You know, horrible situation where someone from the PIS the, you know, law Justice party in Poland, I believe is now facing arrest for clicking the like button on a social media post Jesus.


And you know, we Probably, what was the Post? I don't actually know what the post was. Was it one of Kanyes? I played the fan. I dunno. But, but the fact is, is, you know, Poland plays, and I've been saying this forever, and this is may be too far afield for, for the, the narrow topic of discussion today, but Poland plays an absolutely huge, probably the linchpin role in all of Eastern Europe with everything that's happening with Ukraine. 'cause the whole play was to kill Russian gas. And, and then you need an alternative gas supply into Europe to offset that. And there's only two ways to do that, you know, one is Ukraine builds up its own gas infrastructure and exploits its endogenous, you know, hydrocarbon supply, which it has a lot of, it's the third largest in Europe, but it's unexploited under exploited.


Unfortunately, they can't do that right now because Russia re conquered that exact territory in eastern Ukraine that those sit on. The only oth the other, the only way to, other, other way to do that is through exporting LNG, You know, li liquified natural gas from North America, you know, from the Permian Basin or whatnot in Houston, freezing it, shipping it, you know, six, 7,000 miles across the Atlantic up through the, the Baltic Straits through these newly com newly built, you know, routing terminals into Poland and the terminals there, and then routing it there into Slovakia and Ukraine and, and Central Europe and and on from there. Does, doesn't this bring us back to what Mike Johnson said, that Biden had signed an executive order that he hadn't read about liquid natural gas?


Yeah. Well that's interesting. 'cause that has to do also with the economics of, of it, you know, you don't want too much supply because then the profits of the corporations, you know, they're selling it, they're selling it for less margin as the, as the supply goes up. But yeah, the LNG fight is, is is the, the major one in, in, in the energy space, but it's much more expensive for LNG. That process. Liquification transport, deification transport back is way cheaper than just taking outta the ground and putting it in a pipeline, you know, straight, straight to the customer. So the European countries don't wanna do this. They don't, they, or at least until they were strong armed. And you know what, what the State department and NATO have done is they've selectively bred and financed and politically supported all of the European political parties and candidates who have vowed to basically go, go forward with this plan and put their, put their country through an energy diversification policy and buy this expensive l and g, which is skyrocketed.


I should know the profits of, You know, many of these, these Western exporters. So again, there's an argument maybe that's in the US interest, if there was that trickle down, but we'll leave that aside. But the point is, is Poland basically is a veto right on this whole plan. Because if, if the pol, if the Poland government says, Hey, You know what, we don't wanna antagonize the Russians. The Russians may actually attack us. You know, this is, this is provocative because this is in tandem with the plan to cut off Gas Pro. Also, we don't wanna become a political vassal state of the US or the UK or nato. And this is what was starting to happen with the law and order, you know, you know, law and justice PIS party in Poland. And so this whole network, the Atlanta Council Network was backing to the full hilt, Donald Tusk, who became the prime minister of Poland in I believe December, 2023.


With that context. Jamie, can you pull on screen, I just re-upped these receipts. I've been posting this for months, but this is very, everyone should see this with their own eyes because this gets back to O-C-C-R-P and state sponsored media to prosecute people. This gets back to, You know, the role of, of, of the usaid, You know, capacity building, the networks around prosecutors here in the us the USAID capacity building, the prosecutor networks, and we should get to that on Brazil. But let's, can we start here with Poland? Yeah, there's, We kind of like bypassed the whole music industry though. Oh, oh My God. No. Wait, we've just, we've just started on that. Okay, here's an easy one.


Look up, look up the US Music Diplomacy program. So this is the, this is, but this is all music overseas or you music domestically as well? Well, that's the issue is because there's this interplay. So first of all came back to the Dua Lipa Atlanta Council thing. So again, essentially, you know, she's calling out human rights abuses from, you know, the, these Balkan governments, you know, with a, with a family pedigree and popularity in Kosovo and other places that are hugely in geo the geopolitical crosshairs right now. And so, You know, and I'm not saying whether it's good or bad, again, I'm not even weighing in on, you know, the, the humanitarian abuses or whatnot. What I'm saying is, is it's, it's music as an instrument of statecraft.


Dua Lipa is, this is the, the US military, the State Department, USAID seven CIA directors, the Barisma networks, because, you know, she's got tens of millions of social media followers, people you know, who, who are diehard follower concert. She's an international superstar and her public support for calling out human rights abuses by, you know, these, these Balkan governments that are in the cross airs of the US State Department makes it easier to prosecute those political figures. Just like with the O-C-C-R-P publishing hit pieces for hire, these people become less popular because the people who love Dua Lipa have to sort of hate those US State Department enemies.


This has been going on forever. Okay. Jazz diplomacy, the State Department was doing this with black African jazz musicians to win the soft power war against, against the Soviet Union in Africa. In the 1940s, state Department was working with Louis Armstrong and most of the major jazz musicians because Russia, the Soviet Union, was making the argument in these newly sovereign independent African countries who had to pick a side in the great power competition that America was racist, America discriminates against African Americans. There's, there's all this, You know, you know, upward mobility limitations, there's, you know, there's no legal, you're underrepresented. The government, the Marxist socialist egalitarian concept of communism will liberate you from the racial inequalities of western imperialist capitalism.


That, and so to offset that, we did jazz diplomacy. You can pull this up on screen as I talk about this, Jamie, just so you see, this is on state.gov. You can look, you can look up this whole, this whole history I'm telling you, and look up, you know, US State Department jazz diplomacy and just, alright, I'm looking it up. I, Louis Armstrong initially pushed back on it though. He said, the way they're treating my people in the south, the government can go to hell. Yes. Well, many of them did or had a complicated relationship with it. But you can, I mean, you can look up everyone like, You know, for example, they targeted, You know, other, you know, African American musicians who were, you know, who were using their platform. Who's the guy who sings Old Man River Paul?


Oh my God, why am I blanking on the name? Dizzy Gillespie. Yeah, dizzy Gillespie headed the first State Department sponsored tour. Okay. But we've, this is every, I'm telling you, it's every single genre of music. Is it rap music as well? Oh my God, rap music. Can I, can I tell the evolution? Yeah. From, from, you know, jazz to classical, to rock music to rap. Sure. So, so in, in the 1950s and sixties, and again, Jamie, you can just follow along as, as I'm saying all this, if you wanna put it on screen, there was a big classical music, Shastakovich and other, You know, Russian, you know, Soviet classical composers were more popular in Europe than American ones were.


And these were, You know, big aristocratic concerts and elites. And they would be listening to Russian, You know, they'd be, You know, listening to Russian music and getting to know more ru you know, Russian culture. And that would, that would come money would flow into the institution's prestige would, and so to combat that, the CCIA backed front group, and this is all public, You know, public in notes. It's called the Congress or cultural freedom sponsored American classical musicians to travel abroad. They're sponsored classical music concerts in Rome and in and in Paris and in and in Germany in order to pump up and sponsor and, and have, You know, our classical musicians be more predominant in distribution or, or basically, you know, dominate, You know, you know what, at the time were effectively, You know, the airwaves in Europe and nor in nor do that, we did the same thing with rock music.


You know, for example, I mentioned Pussy Riot and, and Pussy Riot being, you know, backed by USAID and NED in 2012 in, in Russia. But also look at the, the German rock music scene that, You know, in, we were sponsoring these, you know, protest rock anthems against authoritarian governments all over the Iron Curtain, you know, throughout the Cold War. And in fact, we were sponsoring them basically right up against the side of the Berlin Wall as we were taking it down. Everyone right now can go on youtube.com and watch the, the, the documentary called Taking, taking down a Dictator, which is a in-depth pro regime change.


I think it was PBS who produced it. This is US government funded media where it has in-depth interviews with, with all of the architects of the Color Revolution against Lovich in the 1990s working with a group called Opor, which received $72 million of US taxpayer funding in order to pump up their political operations. Again, I'm not weighing in on whether it was good or bad, you know, I leave it to, to to the audience to, to, you know, make their own determination. But You can see how even in that effectively state sponsored documentary, this is the State department's website, It's Just going through the years of the Yeah. Music Diplomacy we're gonna have, yeah, we're gonna have a lot more on, on on that when we get to the rap program because they just sponsored 22 rappers and hip hop artists from around the world to personally come to the State Department and, you know, be trained in youth engagement and democracy mobilization in their countries and art as activism, 22 rappers from Cameroon, You know, Algeria Fran, the, we'll, we will pull that up as we, as we get to it.


But the coming back to the, you know, the, I think we were on the rock music, You know, side of, you know, they were sponsoring this protest rock. Okay, I just lost my thread for a second. I felt like I was, Have you ever read that Laurel Canyon book? Yeah, yeah. About the CIA's involvement in the rock scene in the 1960s. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Weird scenes inside the canyon. Yeah. Yeah. I think it would benefit greatly from a lot of the stuff that I'm, I'm, I'm laying out now, but to see how these things had a foreign purpose for, for pumping up a domestic scene and why you see these military interlinkages with it, with, you know, with all these music promoters for example, you know, they sent in that Gray Zone article I recommended on in, in Cuba, you know, they, they USAID ran that operation to sponsor protest rap music through, through peop a contractor posing his music promoters in Cuba, you know, basically looking at these local rap groups and saying, we can make you an international star baby, you know, type, type thing.


And then they get radio distribution. And this is how you see these bono types and sting types who are at every single save Ukraine conference. Again, not even weighing in on the substance of it, you know, the, you want distribution you use, you know, you use it as a gram. And I'd be remiss if I didn't say this, even though I know that this is going to cause a lot of headlines. But here's a great example of this, the NATO Psychological Operations Planning Center in, in Rega, Latvia in 2019. And you can pull this on screen if you type in Taylor Swift, nato or you type in, you know, what was it trained, trained to share messaging or just trained, trained messaging.


And, and, and I, this was a big news cycle. There was a huge controversy around it. A lot of people misreported it by, by closing the loops on things that were, that I, that I didn't say, but that are open questions about what really happened, which, which is, you know, this sort of Taylor Swift as an instrument state graph. And the example I give here is, and if, if you pull this up on screen, if you just, you know, Jamie, you'll see this. And because I have it all underlined, this is a public YouTube right now on NATO's formal website, the Western Military Alliance. They set up this psychological operations, strategic communication cell to do internet censorship and information operations out of after Crimea and Riga, Latvia.


And in 2019 they held a, you know, a conference there about, You know, how to use ai, AI scanning technology to map out narrative distribution networks on social media, You know, Facebook, Twitter, whatnot. And there's three people, You know, who are, who are at this thing. You know, one of them was 77th Brigade from, from British Intelligence who are, who are presenting to nato. One of them started their career in the Central intelligence agency. And one of them, You know, was put in the description is, You know, someone who, who worked at, who was part of the Johns Hopkins School of International Affairs School, but that, that actually was announced on the panel.


And, you know, according to their, LinkedIn was actually working at the time for graphica, which is the, which does this internet censorship, they get $7 million from the Pentagon. They were incubated. They were, they had a, they were formally incubated inside the Pentagon's miner initiative, which is the psychological Operations Research Center of the Pentagon. When the Pentagon wants to do psychological operations in Africa or in Central Asia, they turn to the thought leadership, the po the sort of policy planners who pitch ideas about, well, you know, these tactics work. So for example, one of the Minerva initiative grants, not to grapha this group, but to others, 'cause theirs was for Russiagate stuff, you know, sort of psychological operations, you know, stuff around fighting the hearts and minds war against Russia, but Grapha, but You know, others in, in the cohort were how to secure citizen buy-in after a crisis event it in, in order to make people trust their government against when, when we topple the government.


And people think it's a, it's a coup, I mean, basically how to get people to trust their government when they're skeptical of it. And then you turn around and see, graphica was partnered with the Atlanta Council as well as the US Department of Homeland Security to censor the 2020 election and partnered with, you know, our own NIH to censor covid. But the fact is, is all three people on this panel were involved or had a career at, at one point in, in intelligence work. And, and specifically, You know, at least with two of them, psychological operations and onscreen. And Jamie, if you can find it, you're, I think you're gonna, you're gonna, you're gonna save us both a lot of headache because everyone will just see it right there in red, underline on a YouTube video.


Everyone can pull up right now if, lemme know if you're having trouble finding it, just trained to spread maybe, and I'll, I'll have this in my time, but it literally has a pitch to nato. I'm not sure what I'm looking for exactly for that video. It's, it's a 2019 NATO conference, right? Yeah. If you just type in, if you just go to my X feed and you just hit the search bar and you type in Taylor Swift, I'm on YouTube Though, you said to go to YouTube. Oh no, my x feeded is the best way to search it. But it has a, a picture on that slide deck where again, this is psychological operations planners pitching to nato, the world, you know, the Western World Military Alliance. And the slide has a picture of Taylor Swift and it says, basically says something like, and when the receipts of world screen, you can, you'll read it directly.


It says, you know, e example of, you know, celebrities who can be trained to spread, desired messaging, I think that was the exact phrase, train to spread desired messaging. And she and the presenter goes over the drawbacks of this and how, And you know what we need to decide some of the moral efficacy of this. But basically saying that li you know, Taylor Swift has worked in various things before that have been empirically shown to move the needle on government initiatives. For example, her get out the vote, you know, her, get out the vote work, increase the vote, her public health campaign stuff, but buy in there. Well, don't, that video has a lot curs. Okay. Yeah. Pause right there. Okay. We're No, no, scroll up. Scroll up. Okay. Right there. Pause right there. And if you, you see that goal? Identify key actors to train and spread desired messaging.


This is on NATO's. We pay for nato. We paid for this to be pitched. Now here's where some of this story got misreported. I don't know that anyone from NATO directly reached out to Taylor Swift or her campaign to do that. I'D this, and if they did, this would not be formalized in a formal Pentagon grant or quid pro quo. But I should note, look at who the biggest sponsor of South by Southwest is in, in Texas. Now it's the Milit. Go ahead and look up the scandal if you want, about South by Southwest Pentagon funding they've taken over the music industry. Cause it wasn hearts and minds work. Okay, well I guess that just happened in 2024.


Let's see if you, if you go to, okay, so this has caused so much problems from, for the past couple years that I guess they're now, they're now reforming this. But if you, if you run a bullion search for before 2024, you'll, you'll see this, but basically the Pentagon or if you scroll down, maybe it, it might be right there. So it caused this big boycott because the Pentagon in tandem with this music diplomacy program and these US aid backing of these things. Okay, well that's, that's a, that's a US Army and Palestine one, but you'll see the numbers on this. Basically the, the Pentagon moves into this and just like they were, you know, giving dual leap of the awards, just like they're working with Pussy Riot, just like they have 22, in fact, you can look this up if you want the State department music diplomacy program, 22 rappers hip hop, you'll see again, these people become network nodes.


They become assets to play with. And you know, an incredible example of this that I, that I hesitate to, to discuss here, because I know that the organization that these documents leak leaked from is, is contesting, You know, the, you know, these documents, but you know, there's, there's evidence to suggest the same play around recruiting the, you know, the hip hop artists in, in Cuba. And you know, in, in, in here you go break dancing, news diplomacy meets hip hop as 22 artists visit the us okay? This is the US State Department. We are paying to recruit them as assets.


So when they go and you go and look at the country list, if you, if you want, look how far and wide this is to the edges of the earth, you know, you know Mongolia, Cameroon, You know, there's, there's a whole, there's a whole thing here. But basically it was protest rock, You know, it was, you know, it was protest rap, You know, in Cuba for that USAID operation, it was protest rap. You know, there's, there's language for example, in this Gray Zone report around Bangladesh. And I'll leave it to the, the current fight, You know, between them and the national down for democracy about the nature of those documents. But, you know, those documents that, that the Gray Zone published have two rap songs in Bangladesh that, that have lines like they were designed to inspire anti-government act sentiment and to, and to promote street protests and, and political reform.


I mean, you know, literally writing rap albums to get people to take to the streets and pull off the exact riot that the state department wants to destabilize the country and music penetrates. I mean this is, they got really attached to this during the Cold War and, and in the 1980s because it's, it's, and in fact in those documents they talk about how sponsoring individual artists is actually sometimes a lot more effective. 'cause they do art and activism while they're doing, they're putting on these festivals, they're promoting an agenda at the festivals while they are putting these, You know, songs on radio distribution and supercharging, you know, their, their brand. Those songs have themes and messages about taking down authoritarian governments and the people gotta rise up And, you know, we ha And you know, we, you have to represent the will of the people.


You know, we have to, you know, end poverty, you know, and then they'll make the arguments to the government's fault that there's poverty. We have to add, we have to end racial or gender inequality. And then the State department will or USAID will be working through its demographic segmentation with those exact groups. This is another reason we've been pumping up these feminist groups and these LGBT groups, if you want, for example, you can pull up the WikiLeaks CIA red cell memo that showed how the CIA pitched to the State Department in the, during the Afghanistan war, that the best way to shore up additional funds from European parliaments is to, is to transition states' media octopus messaging from a national security predicate for, for, for the war to a, to a feminism and a women's empowerment.


One because of field work and polling from the Central intelligence agency around Europe showed that European parliaments and and voting demographics felt said on surveys that they were more, more willing to give money or wanted to give more money from their, their own government coffers, their own taxpayer funds to the war in Afghanistan if it was about stopping repression against women, or if it was about giving women more rights in the society and whatnot. And so that, that wasn't because the CIA loves feminism. Now this was a cold calculated instrument of statecraft to shift the messaging and then also to work with these exact groups who have that cleavage point ax to grind against their, against their country as, as part of the mobilizations is how you see a lot of these women's marches and women's protests, or you see a lot of these sort of protected class ones.


'cause that also gets you the human rights, you know, predicate to, to add sanctions and, and other, you know, protected speech measures. Like this is why the State Department pushed Facebook to put hate speech provisions in place to stop hate speech against the, the Rohingya. One of the things that's come up that has been talked about quite a bit over the last couple years is that the government had some sort of an influence on the emergence of gangsta rap and the promotion of it. What do You know about that? I don't have a good record, You know, in the, in the eighties and nineties. There's, there's a lot of strange things there.


And I, I wanna tell you what I really feel it is highly controversial though, and I I I'm not sure with everything else that we're covering and some of the other things that I, You know, I, I'd like to be able to just hit before the conversation concludes about, about USAIDs control and influence over prosecutors and an example in Brazil, since I know that a lot of people in Brazil, I definitely wanna get to Brazil. Yeah, okay, yeah. I'm gonna get in a lot of trouble if I say this When you read that National Endowment for Democracy wipe, oh, we didn't do the Poland one. Can I pull, can I just, can we circle back to this in one second before Yes.


Just because this, this really is an appropriate international incident to talk about this here. If you, if you go to my X feed and you just type in search Poland or the word PIS as a, or you can just scroll down, you'll see I re-upped it, you know, earlier this morning you're gonna see the, the national down for democracies in-house journal called the Journal of Democracy. Again, the NNED is this CIA front group, the, the New York Times reporter, the CI gets a copy of every grant that they make. They, they, you know, they, they, their own founders say that they were cre that the CCIA got in trouble for sponsoring pro-democracy groups around the world in the 1960s.


And that's why we don't do it anymore. And that's why the National Endowment was created basically to take the baton from the ccia A during that transition between Carter anti CIA and and Reagan pro CIA, this was the compromise between left and right and that, that's why they have two political cores, IRI and NDI. But can you pull that back up? Okay. USAID's partner in operations arm national down for democracy has been specifically demanding downtown's government in Poland must find ways to arrest high ranking members of the PIS party. In order to quote, stamp out populism. They wrote this, the f the first month in office. So, and again, you'll see this is responding to someone facing three years for flagging post. Now let's click on this, and again, we pay as taxpayers for the production of national announced for democracies in-house journal, the Journal of Democracy.


So what can you, you, can you zoom out, just zoom out a little bit. I want you to see this. Yeah, There You go. Perfect. How to dismantle a liberal democracy. So again, NATO was at war with the PIS party. They wanted more cooperation on security, on economic issues, whole other can of worms. They wanted Donald Tusk, the pro EU pro, super pro NATO candidate to win. He wins the month he takes office. This is December, 2023, national down democracy. The CIA publishes this think piece, how to dismantle in a liberal democracy. And again, I think formally, you know, what's published here is supposed to, you know, not technically it's published in the NED publication, doesn't mean it's Ned foreign policy, but this is what they're publishing and you're paying for.


How did, so they're saying, listen, it's not an autocracy in Poland, unfortunately, we can't call it a dictator like Putin or the CCP, it's democracy. 'cause the people voted for it and they won fair and square. But it's illiberal democracy because the democrat institutions don't, you know, are not, are not having their way. But here's what it says. Poland may, may be saying on its first steps in quote, stamping out populism and holding those responsible for the worst violations of rule of law. That means the criminal justice system. Now get to the next one, next slide. Poland's new government must therefore do more than just return to liberal democracy. It must address trend, address transitional justice, the same thing which all over every USAID operation, it has to arrest the people from the government.


We just transitioned from Prime Minister Tusk and his coalition must again, not, should not, maybe, should consider maybe if there's something there must stabilize the political system mean ensure the, the reign in the against losing in the next election to ensure that populism does not return in the next election. Why Donald Trump is a populist president. Bolsonaro is a populist president. Marine Lappen is populist in France. Mateo S'S populist in Italy. The Vox party's po this is state department in USAID policy everywhere. And this is part of the can of worms that's gonna have to be unwoven here. But this is a direct order that in order to make sure you win the next election, and we don't need to keep funding you or or projecting our lending, our soft power apparatus to prop you up, arrest these people so they can't run against you again.


Go to the next one. Can you zoom out? It's not just telling them that you must do it. If you want to get USAID support like the barre, you know, the u Ukraine, you know, Ukraine barisma loan type thing. But here's what it says. The new government should therefore focus attention on whether and how spectrograms can be punished at present. There are a number of cases that should be tried immediately. The chutzpah, the frigging chutzpah. This is a foreign as far as the Polish people's people are concerned. This is a foreign government. It's foreign CIA front apparatus imploring their own elected government about which citizens there that they need to arrest those citizens.


And even giving them the list of targets. Imagine if the Russian Ministry of Affairs sent Donald Trump said, not only do you have to, you know, arrest the remnants of the, of the Kamala Harris Joe Biden campaign, but we're giving you the list of target names. Here's who Pam Bondy, the Attorney general must file criminal indictments against. This is an international incident. And again, technically I believe what's published here is not, they're not supposed to be, you know, does not represent, it's like retweets are not endorsements, but you're paying for this organization, you're paying for this journal and this is what they're publishing as a command to a foreign country. This was a Trump ally by the way.


The, the, the PIS party, which is another part of this. Ned is doing a boomerang attack by preventing PI's popularity in Poland. They do a boomerang attack against the Foreign Policy International Coalition that Trump has. So here are the cases. These include the 2015 appointment of judges to so going so arresting people for appointing judges. Here's another one to arrange a supposedly unconstitutional presidential election by mail-in voting during the pandemic. W2 ETF. We hate mail the, it was practically a crime to not support mail-in ba mail-in voting with the, with the national down for democracy here, but over there, it's, it's, they're saying it's a crime to have done it.


And then, you know, A range, a supposedly unconstitutional president election by mail-in voting during the pandemic. Wow. Yes. And again, we can get all into this USAID, NED rabbits nest and All the domestic entanglements of All the, and also the 2023 Visa scandal. Oh, yeah, yeah. Like this is the same thing they do have, have you, have you ever seen Alejandro Myorca visa scandal from when he was in the Obama DHS, and he was the deputy there? You can pull this up on Google. I believe it's 2015 Art, the guy who was our head of DHS, which is the domestic interplay with all these foreign blob organizations, was busted by his own inspector General in this, in doing fast pass no look expedited Vida Visas for, for, You know, for Obama political donors and not have putting it through the process, you know, just to, and the Visa scandals are all over this, you know, it was John Brennan as CI station chief, by the way, in, in Saudi Arabia in, in the ramp to nine 11, who is, who, who together with the US Consulate issued the visas to 15 of the 19 9 11 hijackers.


That was our visas. Now look, there were only 11 of the 19 were Saudis. They were actually giving Saudi visas to non-Saudis in 1915 of the 19. You can read all about this. In, in the guy who ran the visa desk for that US consulate is Jay Michael Springman. He wrote a book called Visas for Terrorists. Jesus, you know, where, where he goes over how the whole, the whole thing was done. But wait, wait, I'm not done. There's, there's one more. There's, can you on, on that? Can you pull up the fourth, the fourth, the fourth thing, because it's a doozy. So go to the, go to the next one. These are just illustrative tips. A cases and maybe just the tip of the iceberg of who our CIA front group, our USAID operations arm is saying, must be done naturally.


The leader of the law and justice party himself, the democratically elected president. Hey, does what happened to Donald Trump? Now after the transitional justice that happened when Biden Justice Department took power, starting to make a little bit more sense now should be held responsible, but legally proving allegations against him will likely be difficult. Damn. The problem is, is we don't have a case. We wanna arrest him, him, but we actually don't really have anything good to get him on. So let's get all his, his lieutenants. And again, the objective ification stability. You don't need to worry about them winning the next election. Populism as a political possibility in Poland will be stamped out because the intelligence networks and the money arm of USAID and the corrupted and warped prosecutors are all on the take.


Jesus, by the way, multiply this problem basically in every country on earth, because, You know, we can get to, to a dozen of these. Here's a fun, can I do a fun exercise real quick? Sure. Go to google.com and just, you know, I, I'd mentioned this exercise before and just literally, we're just gonna go maybe five, six pages and just read what, what pops up. And I haven't even fully done this exercise. I'm just, I'm so confident in what I'm about to say that, that we, that I, that we can do it live. Go to Google and type, type in usaid and then again, bullying quotes, the phrase quote, judicial reform. And I can also show you, I've, I've, you know, showed something all right earlier. So here you go. Let's just go through a list of countries that we are, we are seizing the judiciary, we are influencing the judges, the courts, the legal system, the criminal justice system, the prosecutors.


Okay, let's just start at the top. Okay, so what, what is that country? Click on that link for a second, then go back in the project in the republic. What republic is that? Okay, Serbia. Oh, what do you know? We're back to Dua Lipa can't stop now. Alright, so, so we are, we are, so that us, that Atlanta Council Distinguished Leadership Award is starting to make a little bit more sense. Now. There's an in-process attempt to basically bribe and co-opt the very same criminal justice system that our state sponsored musical performers, I shouldn't say sponsor our, our state awarded ones are, are calling to take action against.


Okay, let's look at what's the next one. This one Didn't come up. It gave me a blank page for, I mean, their website's down. I don't know to do with, okay, for advancing u EU integration, could we just see the country name in number two? It Didn't, I literally didn't Start. Okay. EU integration. That's like, for example, they want to, you know, fold these, You know, e the Ukraine into the eu, right? This has been a big, You know, big thing about this, join the market. You know, Dawson, join nato. That's, that's what this is. How do we get the criminal justice system on board, you know, with basically criminalizing opposition to it? Okay? And we can keep, wait, just keep, keep scrolling down. We're just gonna do this for like four or five pages. I just want to, you know, like literally every single one of these is a government program. Okay? So here, there, that, that one above was DRC with Democratic Republic of Congo. Okay?


We're how we are taking over the court systems in, in Congo. All right, go on, go on to the next page or here. Okay. Yeah, next page. Okay, so let's see here. Okay, more on, more on Congo. Okay. Uzbekistan, we're doing this. Uzbekistan. Albania. We're doing it in Albania. Yeah. It keeps scrolling down here. Let's see, El Salvador. We were doing it in El Salvador. This is one of the reasons you can imagine Quele was the first one on X to say, oh my God, there's no more rental rights in El Salvador anymore. And why was USAID so opposed to what we were, we were doing, getting rid of the drug networks. Okay, here's, here's for Ukraine, here's for Central America, here's more for Serbia, here's for Georgia.


Geez, every, this is stock standard doctrine. It's the same USAID Truman show everywhere we go. This thing has been dialed in for 60 years. And that's why I say it's gonna take 50 years to untangle this. 'cause you're gonna run to political headwinds the whole time. You don't think you're gonna have money flowing back. By the way, they're gonna go straight to their partners in Europe And, you know, around the world to, to do top up funding for what they lose from, from from usaid. For example. They might go to the European, You know, endowment for democracy. They might go, the EU may have to start making funds to, you know, to these US anti-Trump networks. They may have to tap into their allies in China or their, You know, their allies in other Central American or, or South American governments.


But Mark my words that, that USAID Truman show that joints, you know, these sensors in exile, these, you know, regime changers in exile right now are going to glob on to every international ally. The human can, humanly can, they will be, they will be pressurizing the United Nations. They'll be pressurizing multilateral organizations like nato, the eu, and, And you know, even some of these economic development pacs to use the critical components they have there, and sometimes dominant spot they have there to weaponize those assets. And that gets back to this sort of EU fight. But I, I can pause.


I move to Brazil if you want. Pause. I have to pee. Okay. When I come back, rap music Brazil. Yeah. All right, back. We're back. So first hip hop. Yeah. Okay. The thing that you think you're gonna get in trouble for, Oh, you're gonna make me do this. Well, you already teased it. I think it was the 2009 National de National now for Democracy, Cuba Rap Journal of Democracy article that I believe was co-authored by Ned's founder Carl Gershman, you know, who openly said that Ned does what? The CI used to do that they effectively took the baton from it.


And again, the CIS CS copies, CIA has copies according to the Washington Post and New York Times of every grant Ned makes. When, when you look at the analysis, the in-house analysis done by Ned there, that there was this dense interplay between the Afro Cuban population and the drug networks in, in Cuba. And then you look at the role of hip hop and drug culture in retailing, what is whole sailed in, obviously, usaid, CIA Pentagon narco networks.


Like for example, we talked about the Mujahideen narco network. They even, they even set up a CIA bank right there to, to back it. We did the same thing in 1960. You know, USAID set up in 1961 at the, at the very moment, two weeks before USAID was created. JFK awarded the Green Beret of the Special Forces just two weeks before that. Then he creates us, that was October, 1961, November, 1961. He creates USAID December, 1961, one month after he launches Operation Pincus push pin cushion in Laos for the US Special forces to train and recruit hillside gorillas in Laos, who are primarily funded by the drug networks that they sit on in the Golden Triangle.


They sat on the opium of the, of the Golden Triangle and the way they finance the, their own Gorilla War Ci CI backed war. And this is all well known. Ving P was the CIA, it was the commander there of the CIA mercenary rebel forces there. In, in, You know, this is 1961 to 1967 in the period that I'm talking about. Special forces go over there to recruit these hillside gorillas. They form an army. Ving POW is is made the head of it. This is gonna connect to the rap thing in a sec. Ving POW was, was financing the, the CI's mercenary army by retailing the, the opium from Laos into, into these networks in Southeast Asia.


Like these CI proprietary banks. Like everyone can look up Newgen Hand Bank or Castle Bank and trust these CI banks that were set up to launder, basically drug proceeds. And they all got in a lot of trouble for this in the, a few decades ago. Now, the problem was, is they couldn't sell enough because they were a scrappy little upstart, you know, group of hillside gorillas. So what did USAID do in nine in u in 1967? This is the 1960s, how long this had been going on. So it was, they were recruited by the Special Forces. They were managed by the Central Intelligence Agency. USAID provided the financing. And this is all in according to and, and in the Senate testimony of Al Professor Alfred McCoy, this is his book called The Politics of of Heroin in Southeast Asia.


He's testified in front of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in 1972. He detailed all this in his book, but USAID financially provided the financial assistance for Ving POW and his narco terrorist network to purchase two airplanes from two CI proprietary companies. One of them was Air America, another one was Continental Air Services. Both of these have been revealed in subsequent years to be CIA proprietary airlines. So the CIA commander, the commander of the CIA Rebel Army buys two planes from two CIA airlines and then uses them to traffic and retail the drugs by selling them to the market in Vietnam, where, where we had special forces boots on the ground.


So basically it was wholesaled by the ccia A in that case. And then it was the logistics for that network were provided by usaid. And then it was retailed to poor unsuspecting souls all over Southeast Asia, play the same game in the Golden Crescent with Afghanistan, play the same game with the, with the cocaine trade in, in its route from Peru and Bolivia up into Columbia, and then up into the distribution networks in Miami, Los Angeles, Chicago, you name it. The, when you start having organized crime and drug and drugs as, as the, as the front end, that that retails the products and services that, that are wholesale and part of a intelligence or military operation.


You know, you can't sell those drugs by having someone with a Department of Defense ID badge on the street corner, you know, on 180 seventh and Broadway. Those, there are retail networks for that. And that is the role of many of these drug mule and organized crime networks all over the world. And I have serious concerns about networks in Chicago. I mean, you know, Gary Webb obviously wrote all about this in Dark Alliance. And you know, there's all sorts of fantastic books on all this. If you wanna read more like Operation Gladio by Paul Williams.


And I mean, there's, there's, there's so much in this field, but the role of, of narcotics is in, in financing black budget military covert operations in every major place they spring is, is a, is a black box. That is not my crusade. I I, frankly, again, I wish we didn't, we didn't even go here because, but I do feel like you do need to have a, a side eye glimpse into some of these worlds to understand internet censorship, because you are going to find USAID NGOs, if Bucha had not done the, the radical reforms that he had had, the internet would've been completely censored by USAID and the State Department in order to rig hearts and minds against, against him because they would ha they would want to stop him from cleaning out the, these drug gangs.


He would stop him from cleaning up the crime. You're gonna see the same thing about fact checkers in Pakistan. And you know, for example, according to the Gray Zone report on, on on, on USAID and NED in, in Bangladesh, and in fact, this is actually, I believe on the US embassy in, in Pakistan's US embassy in Pakistan's website, the countering misinformation training seminar they had with the guy who's now the top foreign advisor in Pakistan. And they brought in the executive director of PolitiFact, flew 'em All the way out to the US embassy in Pakistan to train journalists about, about how to counter misinformation. The same journalist training seminars.


We're seeing you inner news. Do we see SEPs? Do You know, we see the Atlanta council do, but I come back to the US Institute for Peace on a live URL as we speak, not even two years ago, made an impassioned plea to the Taliban to keep 95% of the world's heroin flowing. You have to explain that to the American people. That is the state department's policy. If us US institute for a piece is not going to go rogue against the State Department foreign policy there because they're funded by the State Department.


You see the same thing with these ISIS terrorist drug narco networks. Anyone remember the WikiLeaks email, Jake Sullivan to Hillary Clinton, while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state? ISIS is on our side in Syria. Well, that means the more of those poppy crops that get retailed off to ISIS networks, the more powerful and well financed they are, the more they can pay their soldiers or, or stop their soldiers from defecting is from being mercenaries. And lo and behold, that same network just toppled the Syrian government. And I should note structuring it through USAID is, is the, is the sauce to this because the, there is a sitting tweet from the US embassy in Syria from 2017 when Trump was wiping out ISIS that put a $10 million bounty on the head of Muhammad Algi.


The current, the, the commander of those forces, the current basically head of state in the interim government in Syria. There was a $10 million bounty on his head under Trump. They made the argument that his HTS group group was an Al-Qaeda spinoff. And no Al-Qaeda allowed, well, according to his own military generals who said this openly in mainstream media, after, after the fact, we were constantly playing shell games with the numbers to hide the troop activity. And, and, You know, and, And what we were doing on the ground and in Syria and, and, and the broader region, if you don't need a presidential finding to, to finance a terrorist group or a paramilitary group, it's too dirty for CIA president won, approve, run it through usaid.


And what does this have to do with hiphop? Well, you have these, these narco networks, like for example, like what I was saying about the USAID bought the airplanes for the ci for from, for the, the wholesalers to, to move it to the retailers. And when, when you have these, this intersection between hip hop and the drug economy, hip hop popularizing it, you know, you have a lot of these rappers who've said, you know, we were, we're told by our promoters or our managers to, You know, I, You know, lean into that stuff. You have the whole organized crime gang. I'll give you an example. This is in Gary Westar alliance where he goes through this network from, you know, basically the CIA playing a and the war and the defense department playing a leading role in propping up these narcotics trades in South America because they were pump playing up right wing death squads and, and, and right wing paramilitary narco gang networks that were violent and, and effectively shut down left wing Marxist theology movements who were considered to be pro-Soviet.


This how you have a lot of this, for example, with Iran Contra and the, and the Reagan Reagan years. So, you know, he makes a very compelling case about the role of, of the US intelligence community in at the wholesale level in Peru and Bolivia and at the, you know, and at the actual processing in, in Columbia, and then the movement and transport to the, to the gangs in Los Angeles and Miami and Chicago and the like. And that wholesale movement effectively goes from, You know, Langley slash Crystal City in, in dc, DC Virginia to a sort of, You know, Hispanic population in, in South America into, You know, into, you know, other, you know, into, into gangs that are retailing it, you know, in, into these Compton gangs, into these, you know, you know, these, these Chicago and, and, and Miami and New York ones.


You, you have a culture of drug use that creates a market for, for selling the proceeds so that drugs can be turned into cash, which can then be used to purchase guns. And when you see this li this just liquid seamlessness there, and then, you know, I I, you know, I don't, I don't wanna tax Jamie too much, but you know, there's this, this gray zone report in Bangladesh has specific language with, with the National Endowment for Democracy in one of its subar, making explicit grants to Bangladeshi rap groups for the explicit purpose of getting people to take to the streets in, in street riots and protest movements and to undermine public faith and, and public se confidence and, and favorable sentiment for the then in power Bangladeshi government and the art.


And, you know, they were, they were targeting the youth movements. Remember when we pulled up the 22 hip hop artists on screen and the whole thing was about youth mobilization? These people formed the front end of the, you know, of, of, of the, of the destabilization. So Your argument is essentially that this game plan is ubiquitous and that this game plan is done in the United States too, to promote drug use and drug selling, which they profit off of. I'm not even going that far. What I'm saying is, is there's, there's a useful role around, you know, of, of music and other artistic and cultural ventures for, for creating a market for something that helps us statecraft.


For example, this was the major, major scandal. The, the head of the central intelligence agency, John Desch had to, had to travel to Compton in 1997, I believe that was the year in order to plead with the, the black population there. That what had happened with the CI's, You know, role in, in, in the drug trade was a sort of, you know, occasional one-off accident. Wasn't authorized, wasn't supposed to happen. But the fact is, is, You know, those narco networks supported the Nicaraguan Contra movement. You needed a market to sell it, you know, and, and those were, those were inner city urban populations in, in Los Angeles that were, you know, they weren't the ones growing the cocaine that was grown in, in Peru and Bolivia, And it was processed in Columbia.


And then it was, you know, that's all That stuff that Michael Rupert exposed. Yeah, there's, there's been a, there's been a million and it's everywhere you look and it's not just south. And, and, and again, I don't wanna, you know, this stuff is all to me, just interesting. I don't have a hard opinion on it. I I, I almost don't wanna take away from, you know, so much of, of the important factual stuff where I have the receipts on screen. But what I'm saying is you are going to see resistance from very strange pockets as you do this distinct entangling process. How many people knew that, you know, an arm of the State Department right next door to it that gets all its money from the State Department who sets the foreign policy. It's telling the Taliban to keep the drug networks open, or that same arm is going after Bucha when he tries, when he tries to arrest the drug criminals in, in, in, in El Salvador, which by the way was the, You know, the most intense of these narco right wing, you know, death squads, you know, during the, you know, during the, the Cold War.


And we pop up every cultural vector we can again, You know, watch taking down a dictator of that documentary and look at the role of music in, in the state department's eyes and being a able to galvanize street protest movement gets everyone on the street. United gets everyone listening to the same thing. They're all sort of, you know, aligned like a magnet. I mean, there's, there's, I mean, even look at places like the Azoff Battalion and how they sort of grew outta this black metal rap or, you know, black metal music, you know, coalition, you know, in with, with, you know, highly extremist lyrics and whatnot in Ukraine, the same sort of extremist lyrics you saw in the Bangladeshi rap songs, or the Call to take to the streets and the Cuban ones.


And again, this has been going on a long time. Look at the, look at the lyrics of a, of a Pussy Riot song. And remember this, the, they literally are standing at the Secretary of State's podium, you know, with arm in arm with the US State Department while, you know, our, our, so, and, and everyone can look up, you know, rock, you know, CI's Rolling Rock and whatnot. There's great guardian articles about all this as well. But it, it's, it's more to say, coming back to this SA Truman show that ev everything in anything can be an instrument of state craft, whether that's the prosecutors, the universities, the unions, the media, the social media arts dance.


This is where you get these transgender, transgender dance festivals and this demographic segmentation, You know, to see who hates the government. Well, if the, if the government is cracking down on transgenderism or is not kind to it, or they feel like, you know, they want more rights, that's a useful demographic as a cleavage point for the US State Department to capacity build, fund flow money to, so that they can be used as a battering ram. And I'm not endorsing that, but that is just why we work in, I understand what you're saying. Okay. We're running out of time, so let's get to Brazil. Yeah. Okay. So Jamie, I sent you a bunch of these, you know, screenshots that, that, You know, my, You know, my foundation is gonna be publishing in our, in our final report, but I, I wanted to just go through these here because we've been talking about the, the role of, of the criminal justice system more than anything, you know, media is rigged, okay?


It's a headline, it's a reputational smudge. It can cost you your job. When the criminal justice system and the judges are rigged and the prosecutors are rigged, you don't even have a country anymore because they can arrest the president, they can arrest the, they can arrest the, the politicians. And it's, it's a shortcut to control over the, over the whole side. And we, we went through examples with bar, you know, Ukraine, Barisma, Serbia, we went through that whole exercise. But Jamie, if you can pull on screen, you know, just, we can just go through the, the, the text messages. This will be the last thing of USAID's role with the judiciary in Brazil and ag, specifically against Bolsonaro, who is targeted by these anti misinformation actions.


Populous President, populous rightwing po. They called him the Trump of the tropics. Same thing. Part of that same international coalition. Lemme know if you have any trouble start with. Yeah, well maybe if you just start with the first one. Actually, I think This is it. Or unless I'm in the wrong way. Well, if you, yeah, if you, oh no. Okay. Maybe scroll down or on, do you see the ones where you, where you have, where you have, yeah, I'm just box the lead judge Leaking your phone number too. 'cause if I put the wrong thing on the screen, your phone number's Gonna show. Oh yeah, sure. Okay. So how about just the pictures with the, the pan? Okay, here you go. Which one? So yeah, we can start, we can start with that one right there. That, that image right there. Does that, does that guy look familiar?


This is the Lord, the Lord actually, he, he actually looks kind of like a, a mixture of both of us, Joe, it's kinda funny. But this is the man that they call the Lord Voldemort judge of Brazil. This is the head of the TSE, the censorship court, which is the subgroup of their supreme court. And here you see a seminar that, that he is being trained in. Where is, does that name ring a bell? SEPs? How, how many hours have, have you and I now spent talking about the SEPs program, the USAID program that, that explicitly set, its its job to get foreign countries and foreign courts to pass censorship laws. This is USAID funded and implemented by the National for Democracy.


This is seps.org, the recruit. But, but this gets much, if you, if you go back to the, the panel, I, I'll, I'll show you more on this. Alright, hang up. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Here's another one. SEPs core partner. I ffe. This is basically the election strengthening teaming up directly with Brazil's TSE court. That is the censorship court that seized X's, that that shut down X and that seized starling's assets. And that effectively criminalized the speech of virtually any significant pro in our voice in Brazil. This is our USAID network doing the training, doing the networking. And wait, if you, if you go back, go back, I'm just gonna show a couple more of these. Okay.


This is inner news, inner news who we covered $500 million from, from USAID every single year in Brazil doing training seminars for how to flag pro bolsonaro dis disinformation. I can go on and on. I got layers of, of all these different judges and, and the, the, the pitches to the prosecutors to arrest it. The whole thing was a USAID Truman show taking over the judiciary, or at least substantially influencing and tilted to take out their political enemy, Bolsonaro the whole way down. And X is still banned in Brazil. No, I believe x you know, entered into compliance by, by taking certain actions.


So they have to censor. Yeah. So I believe they, yes, they're, they're still subject to the, to the edict of the court. She, I should note, Oh, say lift ban October 8th. Yeah. After it pays a $5 million fine. Right? Right. But, and by the way, rumbled, But the ban, the ban is in place essentially to keep BOLs now from regaining power. Well, right. Well, they wanted to, they wanted to make sure that, You know, again, it's the same thing with Poland. They wanna achieve stability, democratic stability, so that he can't rise hugely popular right now. It was a razor close election. And remember, you know, we pull a lot of tricks in order, you know, around that. And you're gonna find a lot more of that when you look into the, the role of unions like the National for Democracy Solidarity Center and, and, and the whole, the whole suite there.


Remember we literally pulled favors with Taiwan. This was reported in the, in the financial Times, in order to get them the, the semiconductor chips to build the voting machines against, against Bolsonaro wishes. The c head of the CIA went down and threatened him. Bill Burns did, the head of the Pentagon went down and you met with the Army to tell them, you know, you have to trust the result of the election. This is the head, Lloyd Austin, the head of the Pentagon, you know, we're saying the head of the ccia a the head of the military, We running semiconductor chips just so that they can make voting machines that the elected head of state doesn't want. And then, you know, we're, we're, we're funding their, you know, workers movements through, So we have a very specific outcome that we want.


Yes. And then we also make sure that they use voting machines that we provide. I'm not even weighing into the voting machine issue except to say that it's, it's very strange that, that we would divert semiconductor supplies bound for the US during a critical shortage and give them to a foreign government to put in voting machines that the, that the elected head of state doesn't want. That's a very curious thing. You can read about All the, You know, inside details of that published in the Financial Times and, and other places. Jesus, it's also daunting. You know, it's just, it's so overwhelming. How do you sleep? I wanna say I don't, I, but we, we have an opportunity.


We've already done more than anyone has ever done. No foreign facing government agent, no app, no cog in the wheel of this dirty tricks apparatus has ever had 14,000, 99.8% of the, You know, the workforce laid off the, You know, the, the name taken off the building with from a month in terms of the, the lightning speed of it. But I'm, I feel a, a, a sense of hope and optimism and a kind of spiritual fulfillment, if that's too big a phrase to say, but I don't, you don't see me happy or doing cartwheels or it doesn't really show on my face because I know the, the size, the, the, the, the scale and the duration of this fight is going to continue for the, the rest of my lifetime.


And so I don't, this is not a sprint period. We're running fast, but it's a marathon the whole Way. What's unbelievably baffling to me is the complete absence of the coverage of all these things that should be very concerning in mainstream media, complete absence. The, the, the, All the dis All the discussion, the negative anti-Trump discussion about USAID shutting down is All the good that it does. And then also you're gonna get access to people's private data. That's all you're hearing, you're hearing the, the gaslighting spin is those two things, Right? But every single one of those people need to understand the category.


They talk about public health and All the lives and how many more people are gonna have, you know, AIDS and HIV In 2014, USAID was busted running a covert operation where according to their own, You know, you know, people who were involved in the operation, they set up an HIV prevention program in foreign countries in or because it would be the perfect excuse because counterintelligence would never think that, that the HIV clinics were the, were the place that they were using as, you know, as keynotes and the Regime Change network, how many other facilities they were caught there, how many others. But in every single one of those, it's dual purpose. Because the fundamental reason you do this out of US aid is to du people. And this puts, this puts our oversight bodies in a difficult spot.


Let's just say we're funding transgender dance festivals in, in some country, because turns out they, they really dislike a government that we consider authoritarian. And so you could actually see a sort of, I don't know the situation in Venezuela, but let's just say that the Trump administration who's been at war with Maduro and You know, wants to, You know, pursue a policy of turning over that government. And it just so happens that that government is persecuting the transgender population and the transgender population, if they could just be built up more, you know, would be able to convert, you know, convert more hearts and minds to vote against Maduro. Well, you could see a sort of, if I may say, again, I'm not saying this should be done, I'm just saying you could see a sort of maga foreign policy explanation for funding transgender dance festivals in Venezuela.


If that's what the baseline assessment reveals. The problem is, is American people are never gonna be allowed to know about it because imagine the Senate Oversight Committee. Why are we funding these transgender dance festivals in Venezuela? Oh, actually, because we're running a a, a lie there. By the way, everyone in Venezuela can watch this live hearing. The whole thing is actually a carefully constructed lie because we're cynically exploiting the transgender people to serve as battering rams against the, the head of state we want to overthrow. But we have not declared that publicly. I mean, you we're back to plausible deniability. Jesus, This is a lot. I think it's probably good to end right here.


Okay. But Thank you, Mike, Thank you for everything. Thanks for being you through like, I don't think a lot of people would chase this down like this. And I know that this is a lot of weight. It's a quite a burden that you're carrying. But I mean, I think you're being vindicated in like a scale that I've never seen before. It's pretty, it's pretty impressive. And All the stuff that you were talking about before, all these documents were exposed before the Doge went into usaid, you were dead right about all of it. Thank you. And again, I don't wanna get you in trouble with, with this stuff, you know, some of the topics that we talked about, like the, the drug stuff and the rap stuff and the, You know, some of the, the terrorism stuff is, is not my primary focus.


I'm not making hard facial claims there. Understand what don't, you're saying I about the Taylor Swift thing. It's, frankly, it's, it's just fascinating that you would see that on a na. Like, I, this is what I care about is, you know, what we talked about with the, it's control over media, it's control over prosecutors, it's control over social media and pushing, you know, social media censorship and these sorts of things that, you know, that we have a once in a lifetime chance to reform. And I want to Thank you and express my personal gratitude for, for having these difficult and I'm sure taxing conversations to crack it all open. My pleasure. Thank you.