
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day, Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day Bullshit. I never got it until this year. But they, that's what they say. That's what they say. You get it within a couple years, you get it, and then all of a sudden you got it. Yeah. I don't know what the fuck they are, but it's not Bad. I could hear it the other day. I I heard it Stuffiness. Yeah. Yeah, I heard you. Yeah. I had it for like four days. I've had stuffiness. Yeah. But the thing is, like, when I work out, I feel great. The way I can really tell, like, the way I judge whether or not I should even work out is when I get in the sauna and the cold punch. If I feel tired and weak when I'm in there, then you know, then I know something's going on. It's not as simple as allergies.


So I thought for 10 years I had the Austin allergy for 10 years. It was so bad. I go out to dinner. Even when we moved out to Fredericksburg, we come into Austin. I thought it was Austin, sir. I like, oh, Austin has given me this. We go out to dinner, start eating, and then, oh, my nose, my eyes, everything just, and I have to always excuse myself, always have to have tissues in my back pocket. Then I got my teeth done, which we talked about, I think the last time I was here. And Maverick, my periodontist, he did one of these 360 MRIs. He says, you know, ma'am, you've got some low level infection here, and that could be responsible for a whole bunch of stuff. Now I'd had hearing aids for five years.


So when he did the initial extraction, I think I took one or two shows off, and then I went back in the studio, put my headphones on. I'm like, whoa. I thought I'd hit something, you know, a volume knob or something came back because Your hearing Came back because this was infected And it was basically clogging up my sinuses, and that was affecting the, the, the hearing. Yeah. How A mouth infection, like, that's very dangerous, isn't it? People have no idea how important oral health is. It's really, really critical. And also I feel better because, you know, I'm not fighting infection continuously. That's crazy. And What, how did it all start? Like what, what was going on with your teeth that like, made all these infections?


I had a, I had a bad start in life when, when I was two or three were living in Uganda and my parents would put me to sleep with a chocolate cookie. So I had kind of a bad start. Oh, You know, and I had a lot of work. I had, You know, just tons of fillings of my baby teeth. Everything was messed up. Then I had the big outboard headgear, which really traumatized me for life. Taking that to school, you know. Oh, was I was one of those guys headgear. Oh yeah. Oh, oh, yeah. It was bad. And about 10 years ago, maybe a little bit more, I went to the dentist here in, in Austin. And, you know, he is like, you know, we really gotta start doing stuff.


We gotta start looking at repairing. And then this dentist started hitting on me and texting me. And, you know, I'm like, what's up? Oh, great Guy or girl guy. Damn. Like, Like, no, no, no, no. So, and I knew that there was a Pandora's box in There. How wild is that? Like what a what a risky move. It was so dumb. Like, you're A married straight guy. He is like, yeah, I think I can get him though. We can get, we can, he could be on our team. That is such a mad a man move. That's such a thing that men would do. It's so stupid. You'd like, I'm here with some buddies of mine, you know, sending a picture. I'm like, nah, no, no, no. So shirtless. I'm fucking wearing cowboy, cowboy hat. Hat. Yeah. I'm not going back.


I'm good. And then Tina and I, You know, we got together, we moved out to Fredericksburg, and she, and she's real big on, you know, preventative anything. You know, her car has the oil, everything on time. Everything's all set. And her teeth, Of course are impeccable. And she's Like that, not like a good fit for you. Totally. You need to organized lady. You Have, I had a credit score of 350. Oh, no, I didn't Have credit card. I was just cash. You know, like, I didn't care. Like, You know. Right. I got, I had cash flow. Everything's good. I don't care. She straightened me out. Oh, yeah. Oh, big time. You know, we, we Pay our disorganized men v very much need organized women. Yes. You just can't have one that turns into your mom. Oh, no, no. That was my, that was my first wife.


And that, that Was wrong. Does happen with some of 'em. Some of 'em, when you give 'em the reins and they start telling you what to do, all of a sudden then it becomes very non-sexy. I will say props to my first wife, she kept me. That was the height of my show. Business fame. MTV, she kept me out of trouble. I, I did not, I did not participate. She Was a good mommy. She was a Good mom. And she, she's a good mom to our daughter, you know, so. Yeah, for sure. Well, you know, you change, they change. You need a different kind of a mom things. Things change. Things change. Yeah. So then, you know, I, I went through it's, yeah, I was like, and that's also when I stopped smoking, you know, I, 'cause Maverick called me up.


He said, Hey man, I'm gonna be operating on you in a week. You know, could you do me a favor and stop putting fire in your mouth? And I've been smoking weed and tobacco since I was 15. And I quit at that moment. I haven't, didn't ever eat. I mean, I vape like a, like a crazy horse, but, well, That's not good, is it? Well, That's a question. This is, you and I have gone over this and we'll go back to it. Yeah. It's a nicotine delivery device. Delivery device. Yes. That's what it's, We'll get to that. Yeah, sure. But so, so just cleaning out the infections, what was going on that, that was fucking up your hearing. It was like the whole area was inflamed. It's right by your sinuses. And so that, You know, everything's connected. You know, if you hold your nose, you can hear Right. You hear differently.


So Right. Whatever it was doing. And it literally just a couple days after he extracted, tho extracted more than that, but after he extracted those teeth, it just came back. Wow. And I didn't have horrible hearing loss, but it was enough where I was sick of saying, I'm sorry, darling, what'd you say? I'm sorry. Right. And it, the moment you get to like, I didn't hear her. I'll ask her later. That's when I went, no, I gotta get hearing aids. I don't want to. I don't. And it's one of the biggest reasons men get depressed is when they can't hear and they kind of withdraw. And it's a, it's really, yeah. It's, oh, it's a real crisis. Yeah. Anyone you need to go, if you think, just, just have your ears tested anyway. Why not? I mean, you get your eyes tested, get your ears tested, get your teeth taken care of.


So they find out your ears are not good. Do they ever check for infections? No. No. Because it seems like now you should get in the medical books. He Thank you. We actually, he's been writing a paper on this for this very reason. Oh. And it's only because he did the 360 MRI that he saw. And he, and he also knew what to look for. It's his expertise. You know. He is, he's, when I met this guy, I was like, he's, you know, he's young. He's like in his thirties. I'm like, so why did you choose this profession? He says, I like operating, I really love doing that stuff. I'm like, okay, you, you sound cool. And it turns out he's a pilot, you know, so we've become friends. But yeah, he, he says, people have no idea. And so he has been working on a paper to publish about this very thing.


It's just not knowing. I talked about on the podcast and people from all over the world, like, really, man, you know, I've been having hearing issues. Get an MRI get a 360 MRI of your


head. This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. The hiring process is stressful. There are so many different things to consider. And on top of it all, you need to get it done quickly. It's like when you're trying to find a decent contractor for a home renovation project or even a new primary care doctor, you don't want just anyone. You probably want a person who knows their shit and will take your concerns seriously, but also need to find them. Like yesterday. If you're an employer struggling to find that perfect fit, I've got one word for you, ZipRecruiter. They work fast to find you great talent. Try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. They're so fast. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter find a quality candidate within the first day. That might be why hiring site employers prefer ZipRecruiter the most based on G two ratings. They get the work done without wasting your time or money. So relax and let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself, just go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan to try it right now for free. That's the same price as a genuine smile from a stranger. A picture perfect sunset, or a cute dog running up to you and licking your hand. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire,


you know, it's a, it's an interesting subject because candy and sugar is really what caused all this horrible tooth decay in people. And the the goofy fucking solution that someone came up with along the way was putting fluoride, Fluoride in the water, Which is so god damned insane that you're taking a neurotoxin and you're putting it in the water. But it, and again, like I'm, I don't want to take even a political position on this. I just wanna look at this. I wanna look at this from a, a human lens. There is something that people do where even if something is obviously stupid, if it's a part of a system and there's enough air quotes, experts that have endorsed this, regardless of the fact we've seen time and time again throughout history that experts are compromised.


Experts are, you could put in, you could have a court case for a murder and bring in experts that will tell you he definitely did it. And experts that tell you, he definitely didn't do it. So we know this for a fact, but still, people argue on the side of the experts. And I've seen this about fluoride and it, it's so mind boggling. There are conclusive studies that show a direct correlation between high levels of fluoride in the local water and lower IQs. And it's a neurotoxin. We know it's bad for you in large doses. And yet there are fucking people out there with college degrees who read the New York Times, who think they're sensible people that will get angry.


If you wanna remove this neurotoxin from water, because look at All the strides it's done in preventing tooth decay. Yeah. And you just wanna say, Hey man, fuck you. This is stupid. I went to dinner at Mitch's house. I call him. I'm a little upset. I Got little No, no, it's okay. Crazy. Because we're sitting down. It's my wife, his wife, you know, he, he has a one of those houses right on the airport with this plane rolls out of the garage, You know, out of the hangar. Oh, He is out touch. Exactly. I paid for that. I'm Like, I paid for that hangar and, and we're sitting down and we're having a good time. You know, we're talking about stuff. He says, so what do you think about fluoride? I said, should not be in the water. He's like, you are wrong. You know what?


And this is only a couple years ago. And now he's come back and he said, oh man, this is, I was, this was, do you apologize? Yeah, Of course. That's fine. This was drilled into my head, like, yeah, but what I understand is fluoride is a byproduct of aluminum production. And a lot of this, You know, they had this fluoride waste product basically they needed to get rid of. And from what I understand, it was Alcoa. I could be wrong, but I think it was Alcoa who made these deals and who knows how they set that up with the American Dental Association. And that's how fluoride got into our water. And we got this kind of psyop of, it's good for you. I knew it was wrong. In 2000. In 2000. And it was a book that came out called Legacy of Ashes, was written by a gall, a guy called Tim Weiner.


It used to be New York Times. And it was all about the CIA. And it's a great book because my uncle was in it many times. Donald, Greg, he's still with us. He's 95 or 96. And he was really high up in the CIA. He was, You know, part of OSS back in the day. And in it, it talks about how the, how the agents would go in floate, the enemy's camp water. So they could go in at night and they could, they would docile and they could pull 'em out and they could kind of attack him. Yeah. And I said, uncle Don, is this true? He says, yeah. Pretty much how I remember it. I'm like, well, Of course this, so the neurotoxin has been used in actual warfare in the water To make people docile. Yeah, docile.


And, and The argument is so dumb because, you know, my friend Eddie Bravo had a great point. He said, when you get toothpaste, do you ever see toothpaste that says fluoride free? Why would they say that and advertise it? Tom's, if fluoride wasn't bad for you, why would they do that? Like, why would that be a selling point if we've always looked for fluoride in toothpaste My whole life? Crest. Oh, fluoride. Got it. You know, when you're going through the CVS and you're grabbing stuff and throwing your back, It's Always fluoride. You're always looking for fluoride. That's what kills the fucking germ. I don't want cavities. I don't have to go to the dentist. Yeah, gimme that fluoride. But they're selling toothpaste without fluoride.


Why is that? And the guy he was saying it to, like had this look on his, like, he was like, he was trapped. He was like, he was just trapped. Like, so you don't think fluoride is good for you? It's like one of those things. Like, that's just what he just said. No, just brush your fucking teeth. Yeah. It's really that simple. As A kid, did you get those trays at the dentist? Do you remember those? What are the trays? It was the, and so it would be, they'd say, we're gonna do fluoride treatment on you. Oh yeah. They did that. And, And it was like, it's, it's a, it's fruity, you know? Yeah. And a gunk could be dripping back in your throat. You're gagging with this horrible, it's like, that's not, and You go to, that's not Hawaiian punch. You get a D in English because you're fucking stupid. Pretty much the story of my life Joke. Yeah. It's, it's so bad.


It's really bad for you. And it's not necessary. And we're being co-opted by something. And someone, and I think we looked this up on the podcast, Jamie, didn't it come out of, there was some town in Texas, I believe that had naturally fluoridated water, which occasionally, you know, just happens. We have it in the hill country. The water is definitely naturally fluoridated In the ground. There's natural levels of different minerals. Yeah. And there's different stuff that, and this one area had a, a fairly high natural level of fluoride. And these people had like, great oral hygiene. Whether or not that was a convenient study that they pointed to, or convenient case they pointed to, to make the argument, to get rid of all that fluoride.


You know, this, like, you gotta look many layers into all this kind of stuff. 'cause they've been throwing fluoride in the water for how long and how much money has been spent throwing fluoride in the water. And how many people have like, built mansions and have fucking, You know, Mercedes-Benz, they're tooling around them 'cause they've been throwing fluoride in the water. And that's, that's a deep system to try to untangle after 50, 60 years of doing This. Well, it's, it's the petrochemical industry. That's where all our medicines come from. I was watching the Grammys and I don't really Why? What's wrong with you? I know. Well, I usually watch for the Satan segment, I would say. Okay, there it is. There's the illuminati. There's this, There's always one. There's the sa that didn't have one. They had That's Crazy.


Beautiful women and nice dresses and everything Is President. They're all nervous. Oh no. Presidents are important for the culture. It's Very important for the Satan People. They're in trouble. Yeah. Trouble A God. Jesus is making a comeback, man. They're in trouble there. Hide. Now. Go back into the basement of Comet Pizza and places doesn't have a basement. By the way, We're reliably informed. And I hadn't really watched network television a lot, and there's a lot of commercial breaks. But the first 10 all had a pharmaceutical product, which had never heard of a name I can't remember. And side effects literally included death. I'm like, what is going on with this? And like, ask your doctor.


I'm like, do I have this? Should I have this? Do I want this? I mean, is this going on with me? And people are all happy in the commercials. They're like, look, my skin looks good and I'm happy. Yeah. And I have a beautiful family. It's almost like we used to, you know, sell cars. Now they're just selling the pharmaceuticals. Well, that will be an interesting thing. If RFK Junior gets in place, if RFK junior gets in place and they stop this advertising, advertising on, we are one of two countries on Earth Zealand that allows New Zealand Yeah. New Zealand and New Zealand's far more restrictive than us. We should be really restrictive about this because advertising works. You know, and there's advertising that doesn't bother me at all. Like Chevrolet Corvette, boom, boom. On one Of those, you know, it's okay.


It's fine. But when it can give you bloody diarrhea and suicidal ideology and leakage. Yeah. And you, you're just fucked up in the head and you're depressed and like, you don't know why. But now your zits are gone. Like, Hey, slow down. Yeah. That was not in that commercial with the, the lady dancing in the field with her child and the people at the picnic, and they're all smiling and laughing and having a good time together. It's good. Yeah. That looked like fun. Like what? Where's that part? Well, Of course, you know, this was, they tried, they've all tried all kinds of things to stop this. And, you know, first Amendment comes up. Although we have stopped tobacco advertisements and there's all kinds of things that have been done throughout the years, but what happened with television is All the money.


I mean, really 60, 70, maybe 80% of All the advertising income is from pharmaceutical companies. That's why there's also no reporting. Like, we're not gonna bite the hand that feeds us. That's The real problem. That's, that's it right there. That's there's the real problem. The real problem is that these news organizations are not Independent. Not just news. Not just news. Everything. Right. Everything. They're not independent. Like even television shows. Like could you imagine if, let's say a network has a prominent news organization and that news organization is very popular and it's a big part of their ratings, and it's a reliable source of information for, you know, people that believe them. And they're sponsored by pharmaceutical drug companies, but then they also have a crime show.


Yeah. On. And this crime show wants to do a thing about an evil guy who promotes a vaccine that winds up killing a bunch of people and they hide the data and then they arrest him at the end of the, the end of the show. Like, no fucking way. That's Not getting made. No, no green Light for you. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's not gonna happen. No, no, no. You turn, gotta turn that guy into a meth dealer. That's a meth dealer. Now let's just do a couple rewrites, simple rewrites of the script. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. This is a bad guy from Guatemala. Let's come with, because let's fucking, he's definitely not from here. He's definitely not from Moderna. And they definitely aren't working in conjunction with the government to develop this thing. And the government's profiting off of it. That's not real.


Well, We've, I mean, I say that we're in the season of Reveal. I've been saying this for about a year now because, and it's really happening real quick with what we're uncovering and starting to understand. I haven't seen your, your talk with Mike Ben. Yeah. Mike Ben dropped some fucking seeds yesterday if we're we're in It's the season of Flowers. It's, it's, it's, he's blooming today. 'cause Yeah. He was so nervous yesterday. Jamie was talking about it before, like he was making all these tweets, like they're gonna kill him probably. Yeah. It's probably been discussed. Hmm. Well, I I think it's way too far beyond. And I think, you know, I look at Leave It to Beaver. I call her Who, who's the, the New Press secretary. She's 27 years old. Oh yeah. She's good though. She's fantastic. Younger than my, than my daughter.


Don't Think it's a, a gal. I don't think you should say Leave it to Beaver. I'm sorry. Leave it to Beaver. I'm sorry. That's Just, Just, that's how I remember her last name. All right. Caroline, leave it. I think it's, leave it. Thanks Joe. Thanks. Thank you. So she, Because we're old enough to remember when Beaver was a vagina. Most kids are like, I don't even know what the fuck they're talking about. Leave it to Beaver. What are you talking about? A dumb name for a vagina. A beaver. 'cause dudes didn't really have any derogatory names for dick's. It's just Dick is the worst one. Like, oh, you're dick, put your dick away. You fucking weirdo. You know what I mean? It was like there, but Beaver. Well, we only had pecker. Yeah. Like, But ER's kinda cute. Yeah, exactly. It's Just Aker Ecker. Yeah. There's no like, real bad names for Dick other than Dick.


But she comes out and she does this whole list of U-S-A-I-D, which is very little money, but, and I think our president is very smart. He, he's showing us things that enables people like Mike, Ben and you and I to have these conversations about, you know, 'cause it's not ideological that U-S-A-I-D, which is not usaid. This is like one of these, one of these PSYOPs right up top, like Right. You know, federal Express is not owned by the government. Federal Reserve is not owned by the government. Right. U-S-A-I-D is the agency for International Development not Aid. And we see on television that goes another pallet onto the C one 30 aid US aid from the American people. Oh, We're being nice. Yeah. We're being, we're being nice to people.


We should be nice. We're the nice people of the world. But what, what these, and I'm sure Mike talked about this, you know, like L-G-B-T-Q, these, these dance parties and things. If you look at, I'm look at these countries, like these are countries where we wanna keep them away from Russia overthrow the incumbent. Yes. And the way to garner support is to, and I really love how they added the queue. That just became so clear to me. All of a sudden, if you sponsor L-G-B-T-Q, these are outcasts. These are people who feel that they've been marginalized. Then you add a q like, well wait a minute, I can be queer. I'm different. I'm odd. You bring more people in, then you can bring the anarchists in. You can get A, they have The A's in Oh yeah. The as.


I So crazy. Everything but the a's. Don't even have a dog in the fight. But That's the point. You want them to come to the party. Yes. Come to the party. You're allowed to the party. And that's, That's so long Now, and I saw this, You know, a FD in Germany, You know, this is the, the extreme right party. And they wanted, you know, to slow or remove immigration. And so now that there was a protest against the A FD, you know, some, they're getting ready to vote now. And there's a hundred thousand people there. And I'm like, wow. I just, so I thought, because I know people in Germany, I have friends in Germany, they really are sick and tired of this immigration stuff. So where are these people coming from? And in the news report right up front, there's a dude in a blonde wig with eyeshadow saying, we just wanna get along.


We just want, can't we just be diverse? I'm like, that's the psyop. Yes. He, he's talking about himself. So he wants to feel included. Which, by the way, in America, you can do whatever you want. Call yourself whatever you want. People really don't have an issue with that. But they've just taken this and abused these people into their political agendas all over the world. And Of course it sparked something here in the States, if you look the Democrat party, they're, they're gonna die on this hill. They're still like, oh no, L-G-B-T-Q. They're taking away our rights because they know they can mobilize people to do that. And then you can throw in Palestine and all kinds of people will Join this group crew. Did you see the city council thing in Worcester, Massachusetts yesterday?


That's gone viral today. Which one is that? Jamie? Did you see it? I'm seeing it right now on Twitter. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Pull this bitch up. Cause it wasn. I haven't seen, there's a compilation of these people like absolutely freaking out. The best one's. The compilation, if you can find the compilation. But it's all these LBGT people show up at this city council meeting to say there's like a trans genocide. It's one of those Dude, we're gonna round up in concentration camps. Yeah. Five minutes long. Yeah. Just gimme start from the beginning. Gimme, I can, Can you wrap up please? Yes, I can. If you say that you're afraid of Trump and that's why you don't want city to be the city to be a space, safe space for trans people, you better prepare for trans people to make this a very unsafe space.


Oh, Brother, I'm shaking right now. I don't want to be here, here Up please. I'm sorry. Am I taking too long? Pleading for my life. You remembered how many children I have and how many and the two of them are trans. There it is. Yeah. I speak as both the B and the T in the LGBT. He's both, I'm Multiply disabled. I have Ellers Danlos syndrome, which is a connective tissue disorder that causes me immense physical pain. I, I'm on the autism spectrum and I have narcolepsy and I couldn't drive myself here. So I had to hide from my driver that I was in drag, which is not an easy thing to do in drag.


I do not want to be here. Well, it's my day off. I do not want to be in your dms. I do not want to be in your email inboxes. I do not want my creativity writing dis tracks like Kendrick. I don't want to spend an hour applying glitter on my face so that you'll hear and see me. What I Want you to listen to me, Let us remember That the, we keep Going. No, that's enough. So it's like, you made me put glitter on my face. You piece of shit. Because everyone knows when you go to court, you have to have glitter on These, on your face. These people, these people need hugs. They need love. They need love. They need love. I pray for them. Yeah. The biggest way to psychologically manipulate people is, or there's three ways.


Old people, puppies, and children. Mm. And the whole, and I followed this, it started around 2012, not coincidental when, You know what Smith month, the Smith Month Act. So that's, you know, it was a law that was put in since the church commission, you can't propagandize the American People Defense Department and others went to the government, said, well, you know, like we're on the internet now, we might accidentally, you know, push some propaganda on people. It started with bullying in schools. I know. 'cause John Dak and I, we followed it on No agenda, started with bullying, then it was, we needed anti-bullying laws. And we're literally going like, what happened to sticks and stones will break my bones or punch the bully in his nose. No, no, no. Then the teachers, and then we got hate speech laws, not actually laws, but, you know, hate speech punishments.


And this kept building up until you guaranteed parents through the American Medical Association, the pediatric society, all, all of these different trade groups that if you don't transition your child, that child will commit suicide. Right. And that's just, that is a horrible thing that they've done. Think about these parents who may or may not one day wake up and go, what have I done? What have I done? Well, there was, someone was talking about this the other day, that this is the real problem is that so many parents have committed to doing this to their children. And they, they cannot face, they can't the reality of what they've done. And so they're gonna dig their heels in forever And, and vote Democrat And they're gonna talk about gender affirming care.


Yes. Yeah. But the thing is, that's a small percentage of people in the general population, thank God. And thank God. But they're, they're overrepresented in the fact that they make it their whole life. And so they, they're, they're very loud and very vocal. And then they become a political beach ball. I talk about beach ball Concert. I heard you talk about that with Bridget. Yeah, That's what it's totally the political beach balls at a concert, they chuck 'em up in the air. So we always have something to fight about. So we're not paying attention to like the USAID stuff or a lot of the stuff that's like really important. And this is just a, a part of this intertangled web of PSYOPs that's been running our, our culture.


I mean, I would say our government. But it's, it's everything. Right? Culture. Yes. So it's, the government has established its hooks in us and put fear and law and rules. And the more law and the more rules, the better. 'cause the more likely you're gonna break a few of them and then you're gonna shut the fuck up. Yeah. And they, they've got these fucking things everywhere and it's just allowing them to run this mafia business. And there's a bunch of people that are reasonable, educated people that have Stockholm syndrome. Yeah. Like, they, they don't want to admit that even their people, their cherished heroes, like Obama was a part of this big part. And that these, all these people that you think of as progressive Democrats, they were all a part of it.


And fortunately today we have the convenient access to YouTube instantaneously, where you could watch Obama in 2003 say some very MAGA things. Or you could watch Hillary Clinton go more Maga than Maga about deportations. Yes. Yep. Yep. Yes. And that if you stay, you have to pay a stiff fine. I mean, the whole thing is, it's cyclical, right? Like this is why the left is now supporting war and censorship. It's, it's not real. It's not that there's a good group of kind compassionate, educated people and a bunch of fucking buffoons who are racist, who wanna bring that back to Confederate flag.


Yeah. That's not what's going on. No. There's people that are nice kind people that also understand the value of hard work and reality and kindness and also sternness and rule of law. And you can't just let violent criminals out in the street and hey, maybe you should do some actual rehabilitation with the fucking billions of dollars you make in the, in prison industrial complex when there's no rehabilitation. Like, no real concerted efforts to completely change these people's. It's a mess. Studies. It's a mess. It's a mess. It can be done. It could be done. And it probably could begin done with psychological psych, with psychedelic drugs. Like it probably can do some things with people, especially nonviolent criminals that are trying to figure out like, why have I been stealing from people my whole life?


Like, what the fuck is wrong with me? That I, you know, unless they're a legitimate psychopath, they have no empathy. There's, there's people that can be kind of woken up to why they're in this horrific pattern of continual abuse in their life. And there's, there's ways to do it. And you know, Rick Perry has been really like, brave in this case because, you know, he's a former Republican governor of Texas, and That's right. And now he's advocating for ibogaine therapy, particularly for veterans, for guys who come over, they've seen the most horrific shit. Their brain is in a shambles and they want to do something. And they, they, they have no help, no help in these pills that just dull their mind and make them feel detached from reality.


And all these fucking antidepressants and things they give them. And they, they wanna fucking end their life and they can go and get therapy that it cures 80% of them with one dose. And it's like 95% with two doses. It's fucking nuts, man. And we've been hiding this because, because of the sweeping schedule one drug act of 1970 that was put in place directly by Nixon to go after his political opponents. It was directly put in place to demonize the anti-war movement and demonize the Civil Rights Party and the Black Panthers and anybody who has a problem with the government.


So they just said, let's just make all these things that these people are taking on a regular basis, completely illegal. Not only just schedule one, like with no medical use whatsoever, things that people have been using for thousands and thousands of years. And it's All the same shit. It's all PSYOPs. It's all PSYOPs.


Have you ever heard of the audience effect? It is a psychological theory that our behavior changes when we know we're being watched. And here's the thing. We are being watched when you use the internet data brokers watch and record everything you do online, even if you're using a private browser. But you don't have to become a slave to the digital surveillance state. You can free yourself with express VPN with express VPN 100% of your online activity is rerouted through secure, encrypted servers that hide your IP address. That means you can get to use the internet with real freedom and privacy. It's incredibly fast. It doesn't slow down your streaming or downloading. And it lets you connect instantly to secure servers in 105 countries around the world. Express VPN is easy to use. It takes just one click and it works on all of your devices. Even smart TVs use it on up to eight devices at the same time and protect your whole family with just one subscription. And the best part, podcast listeners can get four extra months of express VPN for free@expressvpn.com slash rogan or by tapping the banner that's express vpn.com/rogan. Or tap the banner. If you're watching on YouTube, you can get four free months by scanning the QR code on screen or by clicking the link in the description.


Well, the number one thing that happened around that time, Of course, during Kennedy, is we realized that television was a big force. Television and radio. Oh God. They Got that handsome guy And they got, he. And if you listen to some of the debates, like, you know, it's, it would sound on the radio like Nixon did better. I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's amazing how this worked between radio and television. But then newspapers, we know the intelligence agencies were all writing stories. I mean, you look at CNN, you still see X-X-C-I-A guy shows up a little story when I saw you sitting at the inauguration, and I think I texted you, I'm like, dude, I can't believe it.


I see you sitting there, you know, texting me American flag emojis and stuff like, and you, you and, and Trump. I'm like, oh, look at him, Lisa the tuxedo. And I thought, so my li in 1983, I was still a teenager. And I, I grew up in Amsterdam, socialist country. The airwaves were controlled by the government. It was horrible. It was almost like Russia, your phone was a gray phone and that was your phone. You couldn't get a different phone. You could, it was illegal to unplug it from the wall. And I was doing pirate radio at a place called Radio Decibel in Amsterdam. And we were playing c You Were Christian Slater In a way.


You know what, you know that movie in a Oh yeah. Yeah. What was that called? What was that movie called? I don't pirate. Maybe it was called Pirate Radio. But it was crazy. They were trying to arrest him, remember? Well, so we all got arrested several times and we were playing 12 inch imports from your Chicago warehouse. We Got arrested several times. The Pirate Radio. Oh yeah. Oh, they would always get, they'd always come and arrest us. How'd they find you? We, we literally had the station name on the door. People would come around, we'd be smoking weed, we're hanging out, you know, we weren't making any money. We were basically paying to do it, you know, and we had this huge antenna on the roof. Did This ever come up when you got hired by MTV? Did they get nervous about that? Like, did they have to do a background check? So this guy's got a Record? No. And I'll remind me to tell you my U-S-A-I-D story in a minute.


So, no, but this is 1983. And I, and I felt it was, so first I was a gawky awkward kid. I got ticks, you know, I got the wrong hair, I got the wrong mope, everything's wrong. But on the radio, people were like, wow. And I was doing it in English, You can do that in Amsterdam. People were like, wow, it's so cool. You got that black guy on your station. I'm like, I'm black. How cool. So I was, I was John Holden, the 23-year-old black guy who drives a Harley. But the point was, it was liberating. I could speak my mind And, you know, everything felt so stifling. Now we go forward 1993 and I'm on MTV, I'm the hair of Generation X. I'm on Z 100 in New York, number one station. And I'm also on the internet.


You know, I'd set up mtv.com. It was very, very sle. We had dial up modems at the time, And it was so restrictive. You can't, they let me do my own material. But they had censorship called a line producer. Like, oh, now we gotta burn that segment. You said something bad about Richard Marks. Oh, you said something that was off color about Madonna. Oh, we can't do that. The radio was the same. It was, you know, like read the liner card, you know, and then always end with Z 100. And there was a, a guy at Sun Microsystems in San Francisco and he said, Adam, I see what you're doing with mtv.com on the web. That's called, I'm gonna send you a computer. So he sends me this big Sun Spark workstation. He said, what year?


93. So This is pre Windows 95. So this is, Yeah, it's pre, yeah, go ahead. That's right. Windows, What is it? 3.8 something Like that. Well, this was, oh, Solaris os it's, it's Unix basically. So it wasn't Windows back then, right? Like what came before Windows nine? It Was something, well, I had a Mac. No, I had a, an early 3.1. Apple Two. 3.1. That's what it was, Right? Yeah, yeah, it, yeah, 3.1 and Apple two. I was more Apple guy at the time. And, and he's, and so I hooked it up to my 56 K mode and dial in. He says, watch this. And he says, wa And I'm on the phone with me. He says, watch this. And up on my screen pops a little player. And it's, and he's streaming in pc. We didn't have MP threes back then. PCM, pulse code modulation, nine inch nails.


I'm like, this is broadcasting. I'm going to figure out how we use this thing for broadcasting. 'cause think about how we can use this outside of All the systems. And so, 2003, now we're, 10 years later, I've been very involved with RSS feeds and blogs, and I see my first iPod and it's like, snap, crackle, pop. Hold on a second. This is amazing. We can combine, this is a radio, this is an, this is not, not a music device. It's radio. So I cobbled together this program that basically takes this RSS feed and then puts a program onto, you know, as a, so the show was an album, and then each track was an episode number.


And then I immediately start doing a show. I start, you know, what I do is just try get people involved. That's how Daily Source Code started, because I was trying to get software developers in. And then two years later, three years later, Steve Jobs is having a private conversation with me about putting this into, into the iPod and making it official, making a podcasting thing in iTunes. And I'm like, this is so perfect. Because now you have this RSS feed, which you control. No one else can control what you do with your RSS feed. And you can, anybody can slurp that up and subscribe to your radio show. And then 20 years later, I see the, the president of the United States wrapping up his campaign with Joe Rogan on a podcast completely being himself, being a dude for th by the way, props for you sticking to your guns.


I love that you did that. Now it's gotta be here. No restrictions on time. Well, He didn't impose any, but he was more than willing to do it exactly how I Do it. But he, he understands it. But at that moment then I see you sitting there. I'm like, we just broke the elite messaging machine Phase one complete. Oh, because of you dog. No, no, you dog. You dog man. You Glory to God. I, I, I Think I just used, you remember what? No, I just, I I always give you your props. I think you were the first. I was just a vessel. It's, it makes sense to me now. Well, they, I'm just a vessel too. I think that's the case with all of it. You Know? Absolutely. I Say that to the guys at my comedy club, You know, like, well, they're always like so thankful that I built this comedy club. I'm like, I think this thing built itself.


I think it was just, I was a thing that it did through me. It caught me because it knew that, you know, I was capable of doing it and impulsive enough and, and brash enough to like say, fuck it. Let's just dump a bunch of money in this spot and see what happens. You were given gifts and You, I was given gifts and You stuck with your gifts. And, and I know you're a very generous guy. I know you help a lot of people with all, not monetary necessarily, but just helping them, getting them on their feet. You know, like even, you know, Parker, I'm like, can I bring this kid? He's a like, absolutely. Bring him in you. You're a gracious guy. And so when you get whatever word it is to build a comedy club, you did, I think you have to do that. I think that's the, the universe is testing you.


And if you, if you pay attention to yourself, you'll feel like what's the right thing to do? Like what's the thing, what is the greedy, impulsive thing to do? What does like the miserly thing do Save it all. It's My money. Save it all. You know, that's the, the, you know, That usually doesn't, usually doesn't end well for those People. No, it's just, it's bad for you too, because it's, I always talk about this in terms of careers. Like, and, and I really try to put this in young comics minds. There's an impulse that you will have when someone's doing better than you. And you'll, you'll be angry at them. It is a bitter, pathetic, jealous, normal instinct that people have. It's the enemy. The enemy talking to you. It's Just, you have to recognize what that is.


What that is, is you have a desire to be doing the same thing. This person is doing this thing. They are in the movie. They are on the TV show. They are headlining at the club. And you feel bad because it's not you. So you decide that they are bad. And so you start looking at them as a source of negativity towards you. And you don't do All the logical objective reasoning that allows you to go, oh, no, no, no. They didn't do anything wrong. It's just me. And then those people who get really super big and famous oftentimes get very defensive and very elitist because they do understand that people are mad at them now. So then they're like, fuck those people. Those people are fucking losers. Yeah. And it's bad for everybody.


It's bad for everybody. The correct way to do it is to go, wow, look at what this person has accomplished. That's fucking amazing. That's inspiring. I want to do something like that with my life, Which is what America used to be. People would come to. Yeah. Think It is. Thank you. I think it is. It's been covered up. It has been papered over by media, basically. That's why I'm so happy that we're, we've broken through that elite messaging system. You know, the way I was raised is in America, You can look at the guy with the Rolls Royce or the Cadillac or whatever and go, I want that. And You can be that. Yes. And we've, we've kind of devolved into a, you know, it's international now into a, a victim mentality.


It, there's good and evil. I Mean, well, it's just a ploy. It's again, the same thing as fluoride in the water. It's a fucking psyop. It's a ploy. And it's a way to keep us, instead of empowering people to recognize that all these people that are successful are inspiration. That's what they are. They're fuel for you. You can use them every, whatever that person is singing at the Grammys when Kendrick Lamar is doing the halftime show, when someone wins a fight that's supposed to be inspiration, that's a fuel. And You can use it correctly. You can, or You can fuck your whole life up by paying attention to other people and comparing yourself in a negative way. This is part of the problem with kids and social media.


Oh. Because kids are supposed to see like, oh, look at Bobby. He's nice to everybody and everybody likes Bobby. Be like Bobby, like, look at Mark. He's fucking awesome at the guitar. And everybody wants to go see him play. I want someone to come see me do something. I gotta, I wish I was a good at something as Mark is that guitar. And that's what's supposed to like, raise us all Up. But instead we see a thousand followers and likes on someone blasting somebody in a funny way, in a, in a video. Yeah. This is a big part of the problem. But sometimes funny way blasting is important too. 'cause that's my line of work. Like, you gotta talk shit. Talking Shit is important. You, you are a professional Joe, you're a professional.


This is, yeah. How do you become a professional? You start off as an amateur. Yeah. You start off talking Shit. But we can't, we can't all be a comedian or a comic. We just can't, ah, There's a lot more Ken than you think. There a lot more. There's a lot of people out there that have the inclination that just don't, don't get that spark. Which is also one of the things we're trying to do with the club, which is also why we have two nights of open mic nights. Oh, that's cool. Yeah. We, we wanna make it accessible. We wanna make, this is like a place where there's, there's a real path. You can work on your act and you're gonna see guys like on a daily basis, guys like Ron White and Shane Gillis and Right. You know, they're, it is people coming in and out of town. They're doing my podcast. They're like the best of the best in the world. Yeah. And they're coming to the club. Oh, this is the, the center of the universe now for comedy.


It is, it's amazing. What's taking It's Amazing place. It's amazing. It really is amazing. And again, I think this place, I think it built itself. I think I just had to do it. I was like, I, I Just gotta tell you. No, no, no. God loves you Joe. He is at work in you. He's all over you. And has been that way for a long, long time. There's no doubt in my mind. Well, whatever it is, I'm listening, You'll accept it. That's It. I accept it and I listen. Listen. And I and I go with it. Yeah. But I think it all, like too many things had to happen. Like, if you want to believe in fate, if you really wanna believe in fate, I should believe in fate. 'cause especially with like this move here, too many things had to happen in line. It had to be the pandemic. And it had to be me with young kids who just was very uncomfortable with the direction that LA was going.


And then it had to be the George Floyd riots and the Lockdowns. And then I had to come to Texas and go, oh, oh, there's other ways that people live. And I've known you for a long time. Yeah. And you lived here and you spoke very highly. And then my good friend Gary, Gary Clark Jr. He came here like before the pandemic. And I remember talking to him on the phone. I'm like, why did you move back to Texas? He's like, man, I just cannot fuck with those people in la. Right. And Gary's like the realest dude. I know. It's like one of the realists. Like he doesn't give a fuck about fame about that guy. Cares about playing that fucking guitar and playing songs as good as he can. And that guy just locks himself up in a studio. He's got a studio on his house.


At his house. Yeah. That's what You want. Yeah. He Locks himself up in there for 12 hours a day. And it's just, that guy only gives a fuck about the art. Like he's about the craft. And like, so All the bullshit that came along with living in Hollywood, like he would just come hang out at the comedy store All the time. That was just because it was like, oh, you guys are real. Like I can hang with you and we'd just be cracking up and hang. So when he came out here, I was like, fuck. And then Ron White came out here, I'm like, God damn it. And then, You know, he is, oh, I fucking love it. It's fucking airports a breeze. No traffic. Everyone's nice. It's the middle of the country. I was like, fuck. And then the pandemic happened and it just, it was like, it all pulled me to the spot. And then it had to be the Spotify thing.


And then it had to be the Comedy Store shutting down for a year. Yeah. And then it had to be, All the comedy store employees that I loved were all unemployed. And so then I was like, okay, let's fucking do this. Exactly what I'm seeing, seeing that with every, that's why it started in 1983. I'm like, I see where the path was. I've Always been path. I seen the do you've always been doing this stuff. And That's the thing about it Makes so Much sense. And podcasting to Me Too. It's, it was oddly compelling. Like it didn't make any sense. It was making no money and I was busy. It was Costing you money probably. Yeah. And bandwidth and stuff. It was definitely costing some money. Yeah. And I had young kids And it was just like, why am I, why am I spending my time doing this when I should be spending my time maybe doing something to make more money? Because especially back then, it was like, I, I wasn't doing Fear Factor anymore, so I wasn't really making the kind of money that I was making when I was on television.


So I had a tour a lot. So I was doing standup and I was doing like way too many dates with the UFC. The UFC, although I love it to death. It's, I mean, that's the only job, job I still have. I still work for somebody, but it's, 'cause I've been there for so long. But it was like 22 dates a year. Do they send you a W nine? I don't know. I think I'm an independent contractor. What's the W nine? How's that work? I have accountants. I was just messing with you. I'm like Joe Walsh, I have accountants Pay for it All. That's right. I got a MAs Maserati does 2, 205, 180 5. I lost my license. Now I don't drive. Now I can't drive. Yeah, Exactly. I have a limo of ride in the back. Lock All the doors in case I'm attacked. Yeah. Great song. Life's been good to me so far, so Far. That's right. It's a great song.


I I use that song All the time. Everybody's so different. I haven't changed. You know, he's a ham radio guy, Joe Walt. Is he really? He takes his rig out on the, he doesn't go on the road that much anymore when he's out on the road. He has this huge ham radio rig. And that's like, I'm, I've been a ham for a long time. And that's like the, if you have a a a, we call it a QSL. A QSO, that's a, that's ham code for a conversation. Oh, okay. With Joe Walsh. Oh man, there he Is. Look at that. Look at him. Joe Walsh is the fucking man. Dude, he's awesome. Life in the Fast link. That's right. That's, you change the eagles. The eagle's on the, the way to killing your testosterone and making women cry all day. And then all of a sudden, Joe Walsh comes along, Wal comes in. And now you got life in the fast lane down. Gimme, gimme that riff.


Gimme the beginning of life in the Fast lane. Dune did a little, li did. It was wild rock and roll guitar attached this beautiful voice and lyrics and songs and songwriting. Gimme, gimme this, Jamie, give it to me. See how accurate it was. Did li did Little Li But it was, there was a, there's a, you know, guitar like I was talking about Gary like, here, oh, here we go. Close. Boom, boom. Oh, that's all, all right. That's all we can, can do. That's all we get in trouble too. Get in trouble. Get in trouble. Is that already gonna get us in trouble? Probably. Probably. You're Screwed. Because here we have all these pod, you know, there's four and a half million podcasts.


Really only 400,000 update regularly. So it's not even that much. And that's global. Dave, we Oh, how dare you. We, You're teasing Me. So we can't play music in podcasts because of all these different entities that own it. And so, You know, if you, if you perform something on the radio or in a live stream, that's a performance rite, which, you know, the club plays for that too, if you're playing any music. So that's ascap. BMI. Then you have the, the publishing right now because you download a podcast. Well, all of a sudden now you've made a copy of it. So that's another group over here. So you have the publishers, then the record companies, you have All the, and they, they just could never agree.


And they've locked themselves in so tight that the biggest opportunity for music would be to play it on podcasts. Mm. They've just ha they've, they've painted themselves into a corner and it's so, and we all know now that most artists, you know, you get 10,000 streams on Spotify and you get a, you know, a penny after, after a couple of years. And Then, did you see with Snoop Dogg when he, he was going over this Oh, Seen that video. It's hor No, I, I'm, I'm sure it's, it's horrendous. He got a thousand bucks, Billions of streams, and you got a check for 45 grand. Yeah. And Taylor Swift gets All the rest of the money. I mean, it's, it's very Not, but isn't that because Taylor Swift owns her music? Isn't that the whole deal? Yes. Like if you own your music's, if You're the publisher, right. And any of you know this, I don't wanna get too deep into, into Spotify and all that, but people are starting to move away from that.


And what I call the value for value model, where we actually built this with Podcasting 2.0 where you can say, you can send a boost. Like I wanna send some money to this person straight from the app. So You can play it, you can play a song in the podcast, as long as they've agreed to the, to the license. They own all their stuff. You can send the money. We just did Suzanne Santo. We had a I invited you to that. Yeah. I couldn't make it. Unfortunately. I, All I had to say is I invited Joe. That was all I needed to say. And you know, we had six people on stage, six different bands, and they all made between six and $800 coming just from, from out there. There were not, there was maybe 50 at the end of the night.


Maybe 50 people left. It's a Monday night. But they were all making more money than they had ever made on any other platform in their life. Just because people can send it through the internet through, we actually use Isn't that crazy? That $600 for a performance that goes on the internet is the most they've ever made from the internet. Absolutely. Isn't that Crazy? Like, you think about crazy many times crazy. They streamed, like I found out about Suzanne from online. Some dude named Balls of Steel sent me a message and he said, this your new favorite song. And I was like, what? And it was Honey, honey Angel of Death. They did an acoustic version on the top of a roof in downtown LA And it was incredible. And I was like, oh my God. And then I became friends with them and Yeah, she and Nick her great.


And their baby is super cute. I've seen Adorable. Adorable. So cute. Cute, cool. Cute. See her mom. I love it. Yeah. Yeah. But it's all, it's like that, there's been so many streams on the radio, and the fact that you never made more than 600 bucks is crazy. Like, something's broken. Well, that's because the, the publishers are getting all of that. Right, exactly. Because, you know, it's, and then, but then on the Other hand, you get, you know, you can get really famous like people like Tyler, the Creator and all these different people that have blown up just from being on the internet, and then they do live performances. Yeah. But it, I still feel that the, Someone's making money. Well, we know the publishers are making money.


People say the record companies, but it's the publishers. Yeah. They Don't, they own, they can't call em record companies anymore if they don't make records. Thank you. There's four records. I was in my garage the other day and I, I put my wall of fame in the garage and like, time to move this out of the house. Like, I'm old enough now, and I'm looking at like, there's a, a platinum record with a cassette with a platinum cassette on. Whoa. Like, do people even remember these days when you got a platinum record with a cassette on it? That's crazy. 5 million copies sold of a cassette Tape. Jelly Roll gave us one of his platinum records. We got it out there in the Hallway. That guy, that guy is awesome. He's, the Jelly roll is, I love what a story. He's such A sweetheart. He's such a nice guy. He's, he's a big crossover artist.


You know, the Christians love him. The country guys love him. The rock and rollers love him. It's like he's the perfect, perfect crossover artist. If I were an evil record executive, he's the perfect, he's the perfect crossover artist, Joe. We need to sign him. That's what I need. Also, like, most unlikely looking to be the sweetest guy ever with fucking All the face tattoos and everything just Goes to show. Yeah. You can't tell a book by its Cover. No, you cannot ever. You cannot ever, ever, Ever, ever, ever. So anyway, back to that. It's just, it's a shame that we've, you know, the, the, the music industry has moved it into this protectionist place.


And it's, I mean, even if you have a, a spin studio, you know, the, the Gestapo comes around like, You know, you've got more, you got more than 75 people a day here, you need to pay us more. And it's, You know, they're very litigious. The whole thing is just a mess, you know? Yeah. It's a mess. Yeah. I mean, law's great. 'cause it protects you from scumbags, but law's Yeah. Not so great. Yeah. But, but Who's it protecting now? Because the artists are making no money. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Although it's become easier to, you know, to do your, your music at home. That's, I mean, I remember going to the hit factory in, in New York and hanging out, you know, watching people record records. And that was amazing with, You know, the big machines and lots of people running around.


Well, that was cool. I think YouTube and social media presents very unique opportunities where a guy like Oliver, Anthony can all of a sudden explode, explode outta nowhere with one song. Yeah. He's another sweetheart. Yeah. You had him on. I saw it. That Was great. Yeah. He was at the club the other night. Great. We're all hanging out. Where does he live? I think he still, Is he down south? Maybe he doesn't want people knowing. Okay. Well, he lives, I don't wanna say around, but he, he was, I mean, back was he He was, he was in Virginia, West Virginia. West Virginia, okay. Yeah, West Virginia. That makes sense. Richmond, because Richmond, north of Richmond was the song. Right, Right, right. Yeah. Virginia. Yeah. That's where he was. I don't know if he's, And God bless him.


'cause he stayed, he stayed away from the system. Yeah. We had a phone call. Yeah. I, I called him up when, when it would all started popping off for him. He said, I'm gonna sign you, boy, I'm gonna sign you to my Rogan records. You're gonna make millions here, take this Cadillac. It'll be great. Yeah. I sent the Cadillac right to his house. That's the last thing you wanna give that guy, you want to give him like a 1983. Exactly. Like Chevy, That's redone, you know, a pickup truck? Yeah. Like a, an F-150 from the eighties. Nice. That's like redone the boxy ones. Yeah. That you Wanna give that guy eight, tracking the dash good to go. Yep. Now he's a genuine guy. He's a really nice guy. And we had this conversation over the phone. He said, people are offering me millions of dollars to do this and that, and this.


I go stay independent. And then he goes, they keep saying, I gotta strike by the irons hot. I go, no, no, no, no, no. Listen to me. You, you've already made it. All you have to do now is just keep doing what you just did. And You can do that. Right. I'm sure you have other songs. He goes, oh, I got a bunch other songs. Then he sent me some of his other songs, which are just as good if not better. And I was like, dude, you have talent. Talent is what you, that's what everybody needs. All this other stuff is people just trying to take advantage of your talent. Stay independent. That's what I mean about you, Joe. Yeah. You are, you're a good guy. You, You people. But I was already people, I, I, I was already past that spot where he's at. Like, I'd been in that spot before where people are offering you deals and stuff like that. I know what the, the trappings of that is.


You're broke and then all of a sudden you have money. See and look, for me, it worked out great that, that happened to me in 1993. I got this big development deal with Disney. Oh. And I moved out to California to do a sitcom, but it was like, but it was, I wanted to be a comic. And then all of a sudden I've got all this money that's coming from tv. I'm like, this is so weird. Was that news radio? No, that was hardball. It was a hardball, a baseball show that was on Fox that never Made it. I was on MTV, man, I wasn't paying attention to any of that stuff. Oh. Didn't make It. Well actually, it actually started at MTV because I got a development deal with MTV first. Really? Yeah. But the development deal on MTV was like 500 bucks to do a pilot. I'm not kidding. And then if sounds like Mtv, I'm not kidding. It was like 500 bucks something, maybe 5,000.


I don't think it was though. I think it was $500. And if I did the pilot and the pilot was successful, they would have me locked in for some exorbitant amount of time. I think it was like five years. Yeah. Where I couldn't do anything other than MTV. Yeah. And it was because they had a few people that became really famous off MTV and then left. And so they had decided that MTV is going to keep all of their talent, You know, like Dennis Leary, Which is the funniest thing, because when I got there in 87, VJs were expendable. They're like, you know, you're expendable. Shut up. You know, we can, we can ex now they couldn't because they brought me over from Europe, and I had a two year contract.


I think the first year was 150 grand. The second year was 175 grand. And I got a car service and, and I could do radio, any, any radio I wanted to do. And so, and they dis they, a lot of the pe not they, but a lot of the people at the office really disliked me because they'd be like, cut your hair. I'm like, no, I'm not gonna cut my hair. Why do they want you to cut your Hair, have new creative direction for the, for the channel? I'm like, no. And you know, I, I had different lengths of hair throughout the years, the eighties, Man, that, that hair was gold. Have you seen the artist work Playing? Let, let me gimme a photo of Adam Curry in 88. It's glorious. It's glorious.


I have the hair of Generation X. Don't call me a Boomer. Look at that. Come on. Who the fuck would tell you to cut that Farrah faucet? That's a beautiful head of hair. That's an amazing, Good times, brother. Good times. Yeah. Imagine someone telling you that, that pro probably, that was like a huge hook too. Of course, Of course. A Lot of the ladies. Well, you know what, Merv Griffin always said. What you say, Merv Griffin always said, people with big heads are successful on television. That's why he had Pat Sja. And Of course, Jay Leno. Jay Leno, big heads. Right. China, I don't have a big head. Yeah. Had big hair. I had big hair. So I had a Big head. Exactly. Funny, the formula worked. That's funny. Right? There's no like little tiny headed dudes that are like, Wow, no, no. What is that about? No, that works on YouTube now, but on television it's doesn't work On YouTube.


You got a tiny head killing it on YouTube, I think. And anybody can be successful on YouTube, right? I mean, it's all kinds of Well, Isn't that show you that the formula's bullshit then, You know, like you got a guy like Mr. Beast, who is not like a classically good looking guy, who's got the biggest show in the world. That guy has, I mean, so I don't people say he's a creator. I think he's a creation. He, he is a creation of YouTube and how it works. You don't have this because your, you know, you're so established. But they, his team, and he's talked about this micromanage every second of each video, every cut, every the poster images, all these things. And it's all about time spent viewing.


If one video does a minute 38 and the other one does one 40, that other video was more successful. I mean, it's really, in order to, to like hook the algos, get everything rolling, you have to bring that down to a science. And Of course, I mean, this is not for you. And I, I don't think, 'cause you have to always keep feeding the machine. You gotta keep feeding it, feeding it, feeding it. You have to make your life a part of your YouTube channel. Otherwise, you know, you drop off very quickly. Yeah. Well, I just think he has a different approach. I mean, his approach is very, like, scientific. He's very, very intelligent about it. And I, I'm a feel person, which is why I, when I get people as guests, I never think like, pe Sometimes people think, oh, you try to get like the biggest name guests, because that'll be the most popular videos.


I don't, I don't do that at all. I only, who do I want to talk to? That's exactly how I've always done it. So that I'm gonna always do it. Do I want, and if it happens to be Mel Gibson, You know, and he happening, Great interview. He was by the way, great. He was. I mean, I'm like, that's for me. He's always mad Max. When I was a kid, you know, we, we'd play hooky from school, we'd go back, we'd and somewhat have a VHS No, a beta max. You had a beta max. Oh, yeah. And like, we're watching Mad Max and then Diana Ross in the Round, I mean, that Diana Ross in the Round, we Love Diana Ross. You're like, oh, she's so awesome with a Mad Max man, that original. And he's standing there with his boots in the desert. And at the beginning it was just, just fucking movie. Oh, he had a bunch of bangers.


But he just, he's an interesting guy. Yeah. You know, And that blower on top of the, the engine, I mean, the whole thing was just, we just loved that. That was a fun Movie. And then later Lethal Weapon. And then, and I didn't realize, because I'd seen The Passion, which is, you know, as a, as a Jesus freak myself, I was like, that was like, whoa. That was a heavy movie to watch. And when he said it, I didn't realize it. I, oh, the whole thing was an Aramaic. Mm. And it was the subtitles that you were basically reading the subtitles and his theory that it, you know, it, it penetrates you differently. The story, I think is so spot on. I think so too. I mean, really, Really interesting. Well, he is a, a very underrated filmmaker.


And I always point to Apocalypto is another example of that. Yeah. There's no English in that movie. Nope. And it's a masterful movie. It's a great moving. That guy has a calling man. He's, he's doing ama and talent. He's got just a, and he fought the system. He really, really fought the system so Hard. Well, that was what was fascinating about talking to him about what happened when he made the passion of the Christ. Because it was really, it wasn't that, it was an anti Jesus reaction to that film. It was an anti Jesus reaction to that film that was really made by the motion picture industry, because he had gone outside the normal distribution system. Yep, yep. So in creating that movie, he financed it himself. He went outside the, he got a smaller distributor and it did really well.


And they were Like $800 million or something. Exactly. Exactly. Crazy, crazy. We gotta make sure this doesn't fucking happen again. Yep. And that's where the attacks came. And that's also where Jim Kiesel, his career completely stalled out. You would think the guy's in a gigantic blockbuster movie like that. Like he's gonna be in Blockbuster movie after Blockbuster movie after this. No, they kind of blackballed him. Yes. Well, and so you have smaller studios now, like Angel Studios, and they're in Utah. And they did, they crowdfunded this, the chosen, which is, you know, the, the story of Jesus. And it's, I mean, unbeliev, they're in their fifth season now, completely outside the studio system, completely away from it.


And it's all crowdfunding at the end of the season. The credits are like 15 minutes. Oh wow. Of everybody who donated, and everybody who donated, you know, X amount, they get to be extras on the set. I mean, it's a whole new way of looking at producing stuff. Interesting. Yeah. Then Of course, they went on to do the, an apocalyptic movie called Homestead, which is a dog. It's so horrible. It's like, oh, what is this? I mean, it's, Oh, is it a bad movie? Oh, Bad acting. Is it bad enough to watch it? No. No. Tina and I were watching, we're like, do we bail? No. 10 more minutes. Do we bail? No, no. It's gonna happen. Do we? And it was like, no, no. It, it's too bad. I mean, just like, what? It's hard To make a good movie. Of course it is. Well, imagine the amount of people that you have.


If you have a bunch of idiots telling you to cut your hair, imagine how many dumb asses you have in the background of the movie that are telling you what to do. All the money people, All the executives. Like, it's so, it must be so hard. You have to be like a Quentin Tarantino who's like, they just leave him alone. Leave him alone. Let him do his Magic. He's an interesting, have you met him? Quentin Tarantino? Oh yeah. He's been on a couple times. He's an Interesting fellow. We Hung out with him the other night. We went out to dinner with him, him and Roger Avery, who's also awesome. And then we went to the club and we hung out at the club. He's an interesting guy. He, And that's why he, like, he like requested to come to the club. Was he Wearing his tracksuit? No, he was dressed normal. Oh. Oh. I saw him in LA when I was there for about a year. I was like, you see him like tracksuit track, track Suits are comfortable Tracksuit. I get it.


Why the mob guys wear tracksuits All the time. Yeah, Of course. The Russian, once you wear mob guys, they know this is the way to Do it. Adidas man, Comfortable. Adidas, that's my uniform. I think the move is like stretchy jeans, because stretchy jeans give you All the feel of a tracksuit, but you don't look like a weirdo. I become a hoodie guy, you know, much, much to my, my wife chagrin. She's like, you know, I got friends of mine saying, Hey, Federman. I'm like, really Running Feder wore a hoodie to the fucking inauguration. That Was a little wild. I mean, the hoodie was one thing, but the shorts, I'm like, well, You know, that's Federman. I guess That's really who he is. I mean, it's kind of weird in that like, come on, everybody else is wearing a suit. But it's also kind of like, well, that's how he dresses 24 hours a day.


Like Yeah, but You wore a tux seat and dude, you wore a button down for the president being your studio. I was impressed by that. Well, I felt, I felt like I had to the vice president too. Yeah. I was like, I gotta wear something nice. It's, It's because You know, it a little bit shows a little bit of respect. Yeah. I didn't even clean the table off though. Well, You know, my friend Harley Williams was very happy that Dmitri was on the table. Oh, your snake. Yeah. He, he gave me a giant hug. He goes, Dmitri was on the table. He was there, man. And you were interviewing the president? Yes. This is a, a gag that Harlan did. He said he had a tape worm. And then three hours into the podcast, he pulls out this fucking snake out of his pants. You gotta see Harlan. He's fucking, he's so funny and so unusual and so eccentric that, like, for him, like that was, it was such a huge thing to see the snake on the table that pulled out of his pants.


Yeah, Of course. I get it. I get it. I mean, it was so interesting where, You know, and you've talked about the, the Harris campaign and All the stuff that they were saying. And, you know, it was like, well, we talked to his people. I'm like his people. I think it's Jamie and then maybe one other guy. Well, I do have managers and they did talk to the managers. Oh, They did talk to them. But, but what they said just wasn't true. But I mean, it's not like you have a super big team here. You know, it's Small. It's, it's even, even the team outside of here, it's not that big. It's small, but it's just con it's just normal political bullshit. They just lie. Yeah. They cover their ass and they lie. I would've been very happy to have her on. And like I said, the goal was to release both of them the same day.


I was trying to figure out That's a great Out how to do idea. It would've been great. That would've been fantastic. Yeah. I was trying to figure out if that would be possible to do. You know, and that's what I wanted to do. I wanted to put 'em out both at the same time. But That's it. That's where we broke the mess. The elite messaging system. We broke it because they could not put her into the new system. They couldn't because they knew that she would fall down. Well, they just got scared. They could have, they could have put her in. I would've held her hand. I would've, we would've had a conversation. I'm would've, I'm sure would've not that I need to hold You Probably would've. The vice Voted vice president's hand voted. But what I meant was, no, I wouldn't have done that. I wasn't gonna vote for her. But I don't know, Joe. She might have charmed, you know, But I was more than willing to strong man or steal man all of our positions to try to like, that's it.


I wanted to, that's it. I wanted to know what would be the good in this and why, You know? And let the, even if it doesn't make any sense, express it the best way possible that You can. I'll help you do that. And then I'll ask you questions. Yeah. But I'm not gonna be antagonistic. I'm not gonna be a shithead. I'm not gonna be, I have no desire like that to turn this into a viral clip thing. I'm not trying to do that. I don't Think, I don't think you've ever done that with anybody. No, I don't want to. I I never wanted that done to me. So why would I do that to someone else? That's Why I wore this hoodie. Iron sharpens iron. That's, that's what you are, brother. You know, you, you get bring people in. Iron sharpens iron. So a friend sharpens a friend. You're always, you know, I come here, I come here 'cause I wanna learn from Joe. I want my iron to be sharpened by Joe.


You do that with everybody who's there. Well, I just want whoever's in that seat to do the best they can. Right. So like, what, whatever it is, whether, whether you're talking about quantum physics or whether you're talking about human psychology or ancient history, I want the best version of you and I want to like, kind of help you get the best version out. And if you're running for president, I'd like to get the best version of that from you. Right, right. And I think that the, the whole system of, of debates and public speeches and interviews is so bad for getting to know a human being. Yeah. And I guarantee you, like I've seen interviews where she's really funny.


I've seen this one, I talked about it before, but I'll say it again. There's this one interview, she's talking about meeting her mother-in-law for the first time. Yes. And her mother-in-law grabbed Jewish lady. It's like, oh yeah. So beautiful. And it's very funny. Yeah. And she laughs and she laughs in a genuine way. It's not like that sort of defensive laughter that she does sometimes where it seems like it's orchestrated, it was of a genuine laughter. And it was fun. Well, She's a prosecutor. That's why she kept going into prosecutorial mode. The same with the so-called debate with Trump. She was prosecuting him. So she has a switch that she just flips And then she, and she becomes an authority. And then she, whereas our president, you know, he's kind of him All the time.


They're eating the dogs. I think that won 'em the election too. Yeah. That was awesome. I mean, that's one of my favorite jingles of all time. They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats. Are you kidding me? This is that, that, that, just like that. That's fantastic. Well, it is, it's very interesting to watch it all take place. It's, it's very interesting to watch this shifting of the consciousness of the country, the culture. Yeah. And but also to see the reaction on the left. Like to see the really crazy people, like those people that Worcester Town Hall thing like that. It's interesting to see that too, because you're gonna see these like really exaggerated grasp at retaining relevancy.


Like really exaggerated over the top. Well, they're Crying out for help is what they're doing. Yeah. They're, they're crying out for help. They've been PSYOPs. I mean, I, I, I'm only on x I've, I gave up Facebook and Instagram, I'm not interested. And XI really only use as kind of an inbox. You know, people will, you know, send me stuff and things for the show. But early on when Blue Cry was still a, a secret project within Twitter that Jack Dorsey was running, I knew some people who were in that secret project. And so I have an account and I went on there the other day, I'm like, oh my Lord, this is horrible. These people are spinning up and spinning out and just going nuts with each other.


Yeah. It's, and and I was like, I, I don't know how we, we have to figure out a way. And, you know, president Trump says success will bring us to together. And I think that's probably true. But, you know, we can't just, I'm a little worried that we're all gonna be stomping on them. You know, it's like, ah, look at these stupid libs looking, You know, they're idiots. They're crazy. Right. And I, I just feel that, you know, you, you gotta, you gotta love them and not hate 'em. You don't have to forget what they've done or what they've said, but they have been abused by multiple entities and systems within our own government and political organizations. Yeah. Also, they're in this feedback loop, this Eck echo chamber.


And they, they don't have outside people that are kind And, you know, everybody outside is the enemy. And they're, they're trying to, like, they're trying to make their way through life. Like all of us of us. But without forgiveness, you don't, you have nothing like you, you have to be able to forgive people. Yes. You have to. Without that, there's nothing like, Well, you, you remain trapped in your own prison. Yeah. And you're also, you have enemies forever that could have been your friends. It's, there's no reason for it. It's not good for you. It's not good for them. And it's just like this stubborn inclination that a lot of people have to stick with that like, fuck those people forever for life. You really shouldn't do that. It's not good. Well, especially if those people feel bad.


If they apologize. Yeah. And they realize they've made mistakes. Yeah. Like, that's what life's about. You. You gotta be able to understand that in the past you've made mistakes and grow. And if we, the people that have made mistakes and grown do not accept the people that are currently making mistakes and growing well, then we're hypocrites. Well, that's the same with Covid. You know, I know many people who either lost their job or were forced to take something that didn't want to take. And they, they will never forgive them. Like, I won't forget now forgiving is not the same as forgetting, obviously. But they, they can't bring themselves to forgive those who were caught up in a massive psychological operation.


And they are, they're held in their own prison of anger. And it's with their own family members. I mean that, it's almost like, did that happen? That just went, we're now back. What are we doing doing all these things have gone so fast. We, you know, we had an attempt on, on a, on a president's life, and it's like, we don't know anything. And All the what, what, what just, I mean, we're like, our heads are on a swivel, spinning around like what is going on? And I think, and The drones, You know, the drone, what about the drones? So the drone thing, for me, it was so odd. First of all, there's a base over there and they, they're testing some, some drone technology, but people in the United States, but really around the world, this is how we go through life.


We go through life looking down. I'm a pilot. I fly helicopters, airplanes, I'm looking up at the sky All the time. There's a lot going on. There's a lot happening in the sky. And then the minute, so what have you seen all kinds of things, Joe? What have you seen? I've seen the starlink satellites go over my house. That's those trip People out. It's amazing. It's like, whoa. And you know, like eight or nine in a row. And they go fast too. Very fast. And they seem pretty low, actually. Like 60 miles up. I'm like, but, and Of course, You know, once it becomes a story, then every, I know all these people with drones, they're like, dude, I'm gonna get in the news. I'm flying my drone. They got six foot diameter drones flying around. Yeah, Of course. I mean, aliens and Chinese drones, they always want to have their red and green anti-collision lights on.


It's Important. It's like, I was like, no, no. And Of course there was some, you know, some actual legislation that they wanted to pass, which happened that same week, which was to get Chinese drones out of America. The DJI drones, they don't want 'em, they want to give, they passed That the same week that this Was going on. Same dude, same week. Oh my same week. God. That that's why they psyop all of these local people and they're, oh my god. Yes. Oh yeah. It was, it was the, it was the, These motherfuckers, Yeah. They wanted the dj. I DJ I drones no longer to come in And, you know, but really for, for law enforcement to also have local authority over drones, which they didn't have.


And now they have, they're gonna have that as well. So they can say, Hey, you were the drone down. We're doing something important here. Right. So it's always to remove your freedom, trust me, whatever the sign. Yeah. That was the same time. And all I had to, I looked at this and like, okay, I'm trained myself. Like, well, let's go take a look. What's going on? Oh, that's interesting, isn't it at this Legislation? Well, this is another argument for deregulation too, because when it comes to innovation, the issue with drones is that if you want like a really high level sophisticated drone in America, you have to have a pilot's license. You do. Yeah. Yeah. This is, this is a, that's a big deal. And the f AA is very involved in the policing of Well, You need that.


I mean, you need that for our skies, obviously. Oh, 100%. Yeah. China don't have that, bro. They just, they got a social credit card System And you know, I talked to no freedom and I talk to a lot of guys who do our audience, who just got people in every, you know, we've trained them. You're producers, You know something about one particular topic. You, you have an obligation to let us know. So we have all these guys, drone for hobbies, drones for law enforcement, drones for news. And they also said, you know, these DJ I drones, they're so much better than the US drones. They're just better. They got better stuff, better technology, better cameras. So they, you know, they're like, I don't wanna lose this. And, you know, you know, I guess They will. The thing is, without the free market, the innovation's gonna be stifled.


If the innovation is only available to the highest level military contractors. That's crazy. Like, especially when it comes to drone technology. Like you are competing with China and they're doing these enormous light shows with a fucking dragon flying through the sky. Have you seen some of those things? Yeah, I, I've seen 'em fall out and hit people. Oh, you Gotta crack a few legs if you want to make an omelet out of Yeah, I'm glad I don't go to drone shows for this very reason, Joe, I'm careful, I'm careful About that. Yeah, that's probably like the, those air shows where they fly jets around, like, I'm not gonna be on the ground Pick. No, not, don't go to those. That's why I like starlink, because starlink is really first and foremost a military system and, and very smartly.


I think Elon is very good at, at marketing. It's like, let's give this to the people, you know? So that's everyone. I mean, I have it as a backup at home. I have fiber, but I have a star link. Of course, I, I want to have this, but it's really a military system. Dude, I took one with me to the mountains in Utah when I went hunting. Worked perfect. It's the size of this pad, The, the to go the little, it's incredible little to go thing. It's Incredible. You can make phone calls, you can do FaceTime all from the mountains in the middle of nowhere. I know, I know. It's, it's, we used to dream of, I think I had data belt.com at one point I dreamt about, you know, wouldn't it be great if we all these satellites and they're circling around and we call it the data belt and we'd have all this stuff And you know, all these things.


I can just see the delight of, and Of course a lot of it's, you know, SpaceX, these are very sophisticated NASA people. He has all kinds of, the best of the best is in there. I think he knows how to hire the right people. And, but he's smart at how he markets that. He really is certainly, I mean, it's just, well The newest thing is they've teamed up with T-Mobile, so They're saw that. Yeah. Yeah. So you have starlink on co Phones, compatible phones only Joe. Right. So you, you've gone to flip phone now? I've gone to flip. Yeah. So are you texting me on that thing? No, I text, we do it on signal. So I do that from my computer. Okay. Oh Boy. You're a weirdo. So now you've gone completely flip phone. Yeah. So you don't text anybody anymore?


No, I can text, I can text message, but we've, But it's like T nine. No, no, there's actually, so I still have my graph os which is the D Googled stuff and that, no, you can't put that on here. So this is Android, but all I really have on here is text messaging. RCS. So can I see it? Yeah. So I'm still a green bubble. This is A big Flip flop. $63. And it's from Caterpillar baby. Whoa. So this is like for job sites? Yeah. Yeah. I bet your battery lasts a year. How long is the battery? Literally two days. If I don't charge, it keeps going. Oh yeah. It's no problem. Wow. And so this is Android and you have a touchstone screen, A touch screen. Yeah. Yeah. If you, if you text it pops up now, bro. This might be The most, the whole thing is it's hard to use.


And that's why I like it, because I don't want, it's a trap. Well, reading your text messages is a trip. What am I saying? Nothing. They're so small. This is crazy. Yeah. How do you get back? Use the, the back button on the keyboard. Oh my god. That's hilarious. So I, this is hilarious. So in a pinch, I can bring up a webpage in a pinch, I can bring up my email. Right. But it makes it complicated. Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I'm hindering myself so that I'm not enslaved to it. And actually I hear from, from our daughters, you know that there's a lot of kids who are doing this now. They, they, 'cause they want to be more present, Particularly the, so if you wanna send a text message.


Yeah. Like, if you wanna get into your messages, what are you using to send a text message? Oh, here, I'll show you. Are you doing like T nine? No, no, no, no. So you're Typing, you have a little tiny keyboard comes on This little screen. Can, you can do like emojis, little emojis for my wife. Oh, keys. See you just hit that and then up pops the keyboard. Oh. But you can also swipe. So you can just swipe, swipe around. Oh my God. This keyboard's hilarious. You can also, You can also do, I Would try to write Hello? Hello. My wife will be like, what's going on? Yeah, it's probably auto completing. This is terrible. Yeah, you got it. I have it in swipe mode. Yeah. So just swipe along the letters. I don't know how to do that. Yeah, just sw. ELLO. Yeah. Nope. High sense. Nope. Didn't Work. Nope. Yeah. I have fat ass fingers too.


Man. This is not gonna work. It's, it's not easy. And, but I, you know, it's like I just need to, I like talking to people now too. Like, it's, it's a great phone for talking to people. Yeah. Talking to people's better. And You know what's Cool? Do you have navigation on this thing? No. Well, I could put it on there, but then The guy may be follow It, it won't work. But you know, you talk to someone like, eh, yes. Satisfying. Yeah. That is satisfying. Satisfying has, and look has little alerts if I get a text message so I Can see. So if somebody tells you, Hey, the meeting got moved to 10:00 PM I don't have meetings, Joe. Well got no whatever, no Meetings. Our dinner reservations got changed. You'll get it. Yeah. You know, it's devo act.


My, my partner on no agenda. He, he literally has a phone in his drawer and he never takes it out. He has decided, no, I don't use navigation. He lives in San Francisco. So he wants to, you know, he wants to keep his mind sharp by driving around. And he says, whenever I need a phone, I just turn around to someone and say, Hey man, can I use your phone for a second? There's always someone with a phone. He says, so if I really needed to look something up, I just ask him for it. And it's, and good to go. You, you know, you get the feeling that you need this thing, but you really don't. Well You definitely don't if you have a laptop. Yeah. And, And spend dedicated time doing certain things. Right.


You know, Especially like if you, I can't keep up with emails. It's impossible. It just doesn't, doesn't make Sense. Yeah. See that's basically all I do. I can't do it. It doesn't work Anymore. I have filter filtering and all kinds of stuff. There's like people who will email me 15 times a day. Okay. And well, the thing is, of those 15 messages, there's one gem in there. Right. But You have to check them every day. Yeah. Otherwise in three days you've got 4,500 messages. That doesn't make any sense. How many? 45. 145 a hundred Messages? No, from that one guy. Oh yeah. But 15 a day. But I put him in his own email box. Oh, I see. And so then, you know, like go and check when I'm prepping for the show. Like, no, no, no, no. I can just see. You know, maybe, boom, maybe check that out.


Yeah. Yeah. So I'm a real, that's a, I'm a real information manager. That's, by the way, I am not a big believer in the benefits of AI at this moment. But if it can fix my email, then I'll believe it. And so far no one's done that with Email. How could it possibly fix your Email? It should know what I want to see and what's relevant to me based upon how about the transcript of my show, or I mean, all these wonderful inputs I can give it. How come it can't do that? It's no one has fixed email for me. When you do that, then I'll be a little more, little more of a believer in AI right now. I think it's a great parlor trick. I think it's keeping the stock market afloat. You know, we've gone through three AI winters even has its own wiki page.


Ai winter, it ha it, it comes and goes, you know, at a certain point it was list was the programming language and then, You know, that went away and then funding dries up. And you know, now it's like, what? We don't really need a hundred million dollars to build a model. Oh, but wait a minute, they stole that from you. So you can copy. I'm, I run these models at home on my own computer. I run the llama model, which is meta. They've open sourced it. I've, I've run the French one, whatever their frog model, whatever they call it. And, and then deep seek. You can also just load that on your own computer. And it's not very impressive. I mean, it's just not, the, the error rate is too high.


So I'm, I'm skeptical of it really taking off. And I certainly don't think it's sentient or anything of that kind. I think it's on its way. And I think also the versions that we're getting are not the versions they're currently working on. And the people that I know that are in the loop at the highest levels of AI are alarmed, including Elon. I had a conversation with Elon. We went to, we were in line together to go to church the day of the inauguration. I just happened to be right next to him. And we just walked through together. I'm like, Hey, what's up? And that's all I wanted to talk about was the leaps that gr ai is making. And he's like, it's like weekly.


We're shocked. And I think this thing is exponential. And when they start attaching large language models to quantum computing, it's gonna get very, very weird. That's the pivot I'm waiting for when people start That's coming man. And that's gonna be like an asteroid hitting the Yucatan. You know, we've been waiting for quantum computers to actually work for 30 years and it's always 10 years away. And right now it's 10 years away. Yeah. But right now they're able to do things with them. You know, they're able to solve very complicated algorithms. One, there was, I'm not an expert in this, but there was one computation they did.


And you know, that may be a computation. It could do. It's not necessary that you can give it any computation. It does it, but you know, the computations that it's doing are, are so insanely complex that they believe it's proof of the multiverse. Yeah. I've heard this. Yeah. You're not, you're not buying it. You No, not at all. Really? No. Not for a second. No. How come? Because I, how dare You. I dare. I'm a lot. Look at me. How dare you crush my dreams? I believe In this. Yeah. I've got no smoke shackling in my car For a number of reasons. One is I'm not using it. I am, I am the techno guy. I've always been early in computers, early in the internet, and I just can't find a use for it. When I find a, it's, you know, it does some simple things.


It's very good at language. Honestly, if I'm, look, if I was like, okay, here's my situation. I'm looking for Bible scripture, it'll come up with something good. And then I can say and read it to me like a, like a Baptist pastor and it'll go, Hey brother, you know, You know, he'll do all that stuff. But okay. You know, it has all of the translations of the Bible in it. And so it can, it can predict reasonably what scripture will work. It's usually not all that great. It can do term papers. It can do, you know, we're in a position now where people are putting their resume into chat. GPT sending it off. You know, thousands of people are sending off for a job. And the other end, the people are taking that resume, putting in into chat GPT and saying, please summarize this resume.


I mean, that's insane. I mean we're, we're, it's like, what are we doing here? That doesn't make any sense. If it can fix my email, that'll be very impressed. That's all I want. That's all I Ask for. Your email is a particular puzzle though. That's The thing. Everyone's email is a puzzle. It's like, you know, the spammers get around stuff and they figure it out. You say report a spam, then it comes back in a different way. And you know, ev and how many older people especially, but even people our age who get scammed by, you know, these emails that look pretty convincing. And then the minute you click, you know, then you're, they're like, oh, I should put my password in. And then, then you're gone. You're done. There was, there's a phone scam going around right now, which is unbelievable.


They had me going for 15 minutes. I got a call, it was eight o'clock in the morning right at eight o'clock. And I'm about to walk the dog. So I press it to voicemail, I come back, I listen, this is the sheriff from Travis County, and I had a 5 1 2 number And you know, I need to talk to you urgently. I'm like, okay, this is kind of messed up. I call back, I get a GI get someone, oh, I want sheriff so and so. Yeah, hold on a second. We'll transfer. I'm hearing, you know, like police radio chatter in the background. The guy gets on and he's saying, well, you were an expert witness. You are called to be an expert witness in a case. I just happened to, and maybe this is not coincidence, I was asked to testify on someone's behalf in a, in a case.


And so you are supposed to be an expert witness in this case you didn't show up. So, you know, you've basically broken federal law And you know, we have to come and pick you up and we have to, You know, or you can pay a fine. And, and then I'm like, okay. And it, and it just kept on going. And I'm like, whoa, hold on a second. It sounded so real. And then at a certain point he's like, well, you need to go, you need to get a coupon to send this money. I'm like, I'm gonna call my lawyer. You can't call your lawyer. I have a do not hang up order. I I have to walk you through the whole process. I'm like, okay, now I got it. But that was 10, 15 minutes later. Wow. And a lot of people have fallen for this one.


It's re it's good. Super sophisticated. Huh? Very sophisticated. So is it overseas? Are they like, no, spoofing a number That's In Texas. I mean, these were American voices. It sounded like a sheriff. It really did. And the deputy sounded like a deputy. I mean, it was sophisticated. Wow. It is good. Wow. It's my, How much was the fine? Like 3000 for this, for this infraction in 2000 for that infraction, you know, for these two different things. And then You're gonna bank transfer, so they're gonna get your bank numbers. But I mean, at that point, I, I, I caught on like, no, hold on a second. You know, how'd you get off of it? I said, I'm gonna call my lawyer. And he's like, no, no. I'm like, you, you can't tell me I can't call my lawyer. This is bull crap. And then, and I, I had to calm down and like I said to Tina, I said, you listen to what just happened to me.


This is crazy. Some people I know in our, in our, in our in Fredericksburg actually went All the way. Wow. Yeah. Older people, you know? Right. And they were afraid. They're like, oh, Of course authority. That's how they get you. Yeah. I'm sure you've got the, the one that says, this is my favorite Bitcoin scam. It's like, okay, I've installed a, a spyware on your computer and I saw what you were doing looking at that porn site. And I've recorded everything and I'm going to release it all to your, to your friends and on your social media. If you don't send me $2,000 in Bitcoin right away, don't even think about contacting the authorities. Have you ever gotten that one? No. They've sophisticated it even more Now.


Will the, they'll use your name and your address. Oh. Like, I know you live at this address. It's, it, it's freaky man. So that kind of stuff would be nice if we could have AI protect us from that. Yeah. If it can do all these wonderful things. Focus on that. Help people save people. Now Elon. Yeah. Cut out. Cut out the scamming. Yeah. Cut out. Speaking of scamming, what do you think about shit coins? Like what's, what's your take on like HK to a coin? Okay. And Melania Coin and Those are more meme coins. More meme coins. Shit coins. Right? Isn't that what a meme coin is? Any So the only coin I believe in is Bitcoin. And we've talked about this before. Right. In fact, I looked it up hoping you would bring it up two years ago when I was here the last time Bitcoin was around $40,000.


Today it's close to a hundred thousand dollars. Damn. Damn this, this will continue to go up until we're long gone. It's very interest. So I don't believe in, in shit coins at all because if you have Bitcoin has no CEO, there's no one in charge of it. It's literally tens of thousands of people around the world who run these nodes that make it open and make it run and keep it at this 21 million coin. Literally. Listen, I'm totally down with Bitcoin. Okay. I'm with you. Good. But I think the shit coin thing is fascinating. That anybody can create a coin. Yeah. You know, like Jamie has a, a pull it up Jamie coin. I don't know if you know That. Well, well, but you I did not Make it.


Don't put that on me. Do not it. So there now, I mean, now that you just said it, now that we just said it. No. 'cause we brought it up yesterday with the boneyard guy, with John Reeves and we said, you should have your own coin. Get the boneyard coin. And now apparently somebody made one. So this is, you bring this up in context of scams because they are scams the way it, it's troubles. So if, if I wanted to make a quick, quick amount of money, I'd have a, a, a shit coin and have my bots ready and I'd say, Hey Joe, have you heard about my, my Curry coin? And you'd be like, no, wait a minute. And it would come out and it would skyrocket. My bots would sell it. I would make a lot of money and it would be dumped right away. It's a scam over and over and over again. But what if you don't sell it?


Yeah. Then, then you'll have a empty bits worth nothing. But if you, so it's only available for pump and dumps. That's what, that's the only thing it's good for. It's, it's not good for anything else. What About if you wanted to use it to finance charity, is it possible to do that bad? Bad idea? Bad idea? Is it a bad idea? Yeah. You know, a lot of charities now, they will accept Bitcoin. And why is that good? Because people have Bitcoin and I have some Bitcoin, you know, I've been saving my Bitcoin for a long time. Instead of selling it to which I then have to pay capital gains over the difference between what I bought it for and sold it at. I can give it to the charity. I can still take my, my tax deductible write off.


They can do one of two things. They can convert it right away into dollars, no capital gains. 'cause it's the same, the same minute. So I've actually been able to give more than I would have, or oops. Or they can, they can sell some of it and hold some of it for a longer term. Mm. I really, really believe in Bitcoin And what we're seeing now. There is something interesting going on. Our dollar is in big, big trouble and President Trump knows this, this, this falls into kind of the tariffs talk. Have you heard about stable coins? No. Okay. Do you mind if I just give a little Yeah, go ahead. Sure. Our monetary system, it really started after World War ii, 1944.


We were nearing the end of the war. D-Day was coming or maybe it just happened. It was, we're getting pretty close. And Europe in particular was very worried that after the war they would fall into the same great depression that happened after World War I, when we had the Great Depression. So they brought in All the, All the economists and All the money people got on the Queen Mary and went to the States, to Bretton Woods. You've heard of Bretton Woods? Probably? No, the Bretton Woods system. Okay. So Bretton Woods is just this resort. They all got together and they decided that they would have a new monetary system for the entire world. I'm not an economist, but I've, I've looked at this long enough to understand it. And when they came out after two weeks, they said, okay, we're gonna have this thing called the International Monetary Fund, the IMF, and they're going to manage the interest rates or the manage the currency exchange between All the individual countries with the US dollar as the reserve currency.


So we became the money of the world and we back it by gold. And the idea was $1 could always be exchanged for 35 ounces of gold. And you know, when you're the reserve currency, everyone has to have the dollar. So everybody wanted our dollar. What did we do? We signed the Marshall Plan. We sent tens, you know, just billions of dollars over all our companies. Went into Europe, started building factories and, And you know, so all, so the dollar kept going in. All these other currencies kind of came a little bit weaker because we were so strong with our money. And then people got a little worried about the dollar. They looked around and went like, Hey, do you guys have the gold to back that up in Fort Knox?


Of course we didn't, 'cause we just kept printing money and sending it over. And then you get into this thing called the, the Trien dilemma. And that means that when you are the reserve currency, your currency is basically overvalued and you can't export anything. And that's exactly, and I'm skipping over a lot, but that's where we are today. Our products are too expensive to ship to China and sell in China because of the value of our dollar. This is why President Trump is saying, Hey, all our money is flowing out towards you, we need to get some of that back. So we're gonna raise tariffs. I think it's a short term solution. So I think two things will happen.


One is we have this sovereign wealth fund, which you've heard him talk about the Sovereign wealth fund. So in that will be the value of, you know, our, our public land that the government owns and all kinds of other things. It'll be valued at this astronomical amount. And in that will also be the strategic Bitcoin reserve that the president promised. Now we get stable coins. This is, this is a crazy, crazy thing that's happened. There's this, so stable coin is a digital dollar. It's, it's pegged to the dollar. So it's always a dollar. And you can pay with this through the internet, through, you know, apps and everything. It's already being used all over the world.


The only reason it's worth a dollar is because the stable coin company that creates it, they have debt and paper to back it up. So they buy America's debt, they get treasury bonds or T bills, which actually pays a dividends. You get interest on that. And for each dollar they have bought in treasuries, they can create a stable coin. So if you look at the company Tether, they have bought more of the United States debt than most countries. They have $160 billion worth of US debt. And for each of those dollars, they've created a stable coin, which now people can use all over the world transacting.


Whoa. And what's their bus? It is like 50 people in the company. So they have $160 billion at 4% interest annually. They're making bank just for, just for holding this debt. So I think President Trump is very smart and he's seen that we can flood the world with our stable coin and you kind of get a two for one. So you, you, you create, you create a dollar of debt, but then you create another dollar on top that can be used all over the world as our, as the reserve currency. And that should probably result in, I don't know, the, the Mar-a-Lago Accord or some new monetary system that we're going to have to come up with to really have our dollar be valued properly, but also still remain the reserve currency and remain the strong export co country that we need to be.


Because, you know, what do we do? We don't make anything that, that we sell abroad. You know, we, we can't all be, You know, serving each other burgers and fries and, and washing each other's cars and cleaning each other's homes. We have to, we have to build something. And all of that went overseas. Everything, everything. We got all of the stuff on this table. This, you know, he didn't come out of his butt. This is from China, although, I dunno. So, so there's something big coming really big. And it has to happen. And Trump is a very meta guy. People misunderstand. He under, he's gonna refi the country.


That's what he, he's a real estate guy. He's gonna, he's gonna figure out a way to refi it and it'll, it'll be digital. And a lot of the bitcoiners don't like this because they like Bitcoin to be the money that the whole world uses. You know, that may one day happen, but you know, now it's more like the digital gold. You know, you can, you can keep your, your value in it. And you know, I can send a billion do, if I had it, I could send a billion dollars to another country to another person in 10 minutes And, you know, no one can stop me. So it's a very useful tool, but it hasn't quite turned out to be money or currency the way it was originally intended. But it's gonna be a very important part of it.


I think you'll see Bitcoin be a part of that strategic reserve. It's ver it's easier than sending gold, You know, than, oh, I'm gonna ship you a billion dollars worth of gold. I need, You know, armored cars. I need dudes, everything, security and ships and whatever. So it'll be a part of it and you'll still be able to use it between people. But it looks to me like stable coin and tether in particular is going to be the, the future of, of the US dollar payments. And this is where a lot of people on the right certainly are very afraid of control grid.


You know, because a stable coin is not necessarily like Bitcoin. You can stop it, you can control it, you can see who sent what to whom. There's a lot of fear about this. And particularly, although I don't see any maliciousness, there's fear that Elon and the PayPal Mafia and Peter Thiel, all guys you've met, all guys you've had on the show, I think are actually quite nice people that they're going to bring in the new with ai and we're all gonna be locked in. And you know, Stargate will bring cancer mRNA vaccines that'll be mandated. I mean, people are spinning up over this stuff. Mm. And I'm not saying that they're necessarily wrong or there should be no concern, but we are moving towards a digital dollar and it will have aspects of control, which is why I like the backup of Bitcoin.


So I can still transact and do things without anybody being able to stop it. And you're gonna get none of that with a shitcoin, nothing. When FTX, that scandal, what, what were they trading in? Was that all meme coins? Was that different? Cryptos is, is there, yeah, they, they, is there a difference between meme coins and established crypto coins? Well, An an established anything, but Bitcoin has someone who can, who can change the ledger, who can change the blockchain. Bitcoin, you can't do that. It has, it's, it's a beautiful system. The checks and balances are immutable. I mean, that, that's the beauty of, of Bitcoin. Any other blockchain that is owned or operated by a company or people can be and will be manipulated.


And FTX was one of those, what I believe FTX was really used for was slush fund into Democrat party. And politician, not just also to some Republicans as well. That kid that Sam Bankman fried, he got abused by his parents. I think I'm just alleging this, I don't want to get sued over it, but when you see what, what was going on there and the money that was just being, you know, slush right through into different foundations. Parents, Democratic operatives. Right. Big time. They had, they had nonprofits and all kinds of, And he was the number two donor to the Democratic party. That's Right. Which is crazy. That's Right. That's right. And you're doing that to kind of buy your way through this Shenanigans. That's what it seemed like to me.


Yeah, because You're doing shenanigans, you know, big tar and, and they're all also doing amphetamines. And I mean, he was polyamorous relationships in The Bahamas. Like it's A poly cue, Joe. It's just a poly cue. I mean, it, it, it was, it was sad for these kids. 'cause they were just all excited and doing stuff And you know, I mean, when I've been in, I've raised money from Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital And you know, when you get them all googly gaga over, oh, this guy was so cool. He was sitting in the pitch meeting and he was playing a video game. But he's such a genius. I mean, what, are you kidding me? Right? Venture capital investors are not necessarily the most sophisticated.


Well, they want results and if they're getting results, they'll put on the blinders. What I I I was just reading about Elizabeth Holmes. Oh yeah. I love that story. She got screwed. She got screwed. Oh yeah. How so? Well, okay, so she was in a situation where the sm the so-called smartest investors in the world, which included Colin Powell And, you know, everyone was in on this deal. Everyone's like, you gotta get your money in now. You know, bring everybody in. We got this big fund, this is gonna be it. This is the blood test, it'll change medicine. And you know, they hyped her up, they put her in the magazines, they got on, you know, she was looking like the female Steve Jobs and she got caught up in it.


And, and Fal falsified. You're taking agency away from her? No, she changed her voice. She started dressing like Steve Jobs. She started lying about results. This is, she fired people that didn't go along with it. Yes. But does she deserve to go to jail for 10 years for ripping off people who were stupid? Yes. Really? Well, you can't rip people off. I think you like it's fraud. I think you have restitution and things that you Can do, but hundreds of millions of dollars people lost. Like, that's not restitution. You don't have that money. You're not gonna pay it back because your product sucks. So they've dumped all this money and lost, it's A civil, it's a civil crime. And there's, there's definitely some blame on the investors, but the investors were too big to look stupid.


So I think they pushed a little bit more on her than she just, I'm not trying to defend her, her False figure. Do you think she go to jail at all? Yeah, but not for 10 years. How Long? Couple days? Yeah, just A couple days. Yeah. Just, just enough to transition Joe, you know, just enough to come become a dude and then we're good to go. No, I mean the, it's just another example of, of big money being stupid and they, maybe they could just admit that, you know, like they pushed her. I know how it goes. I know, I remember we had a pod show, which was, you know, a lot of sophisticated investors, Kleiner and, and Sequoia, you know, this is like the same people.


Elon, I met Elon when, when they launched the Tesla, I was at the, at the hangar where they, where they did the first test drives. It was, it was interesting. And I was like, this guy seems like on the spectrum. He's not really talking much. It's like, it's like, what's going on here? You know, it's like, what's happening with this? And, you know, so we were doing podcasting. So this is right after, maybe a year after Steve Jobs put it into, into iTunes and the, and the iPod. And, and so there was money coming in And you know, the first thing they said is, you've gotta be in San Francisco. Well, if you want a media company, where's the last place you want to be? Is San Francisco. You need to be LA or New York?


No, no, no. You gotta be here. And why Did they want you to be in San Francisco? So they could come and see the office and check out the operation and make sure their money's being spent well. Oh, and How often are they gonna visit? Oh, You have no idea. They're always dropping by and like, what's going on? And so you're doing reports and it's, Oh, they just want to hang out with the cool guy that, Well, that too maybe. But then, you know, it was definitely a struggle. We were actually kind of profitable for a bit there, but it, it was, you know, like GoDaddy ads with promo codes, you know, code bonino. I mean, it was like, You know, it was like, yeah, are people really listening? Are they just using the codes?


And there was, there's always a lot of scams in With the honey scam. Well, no, not like that. No. There's, there's scams of, you know, when companies need to, we didn't do this, but when companies need to raise more money in Silicon Valley, then they'll buy some traffic from bots. And I'm sure it happens on with comedy videos too. People like, I need some traffic on this video. Let me buy some bots on something. Oh, you definitely can do that. Right, right, Of Course. Yeah. But then at a certain point, YouTube had come out, you know, and oh, YouTube, everyone has to do video now you gotta do do video. You can't do audio, gotta do video. And then it got even worse. Like we sat in a, in a board meeting and like, have you seen juiced juiced juice? I'm like, do you remember juiced?


No. J-O-O-S-T. Oh yeah. What was that? It was the guys who, who built Skype, they built this video platform that was basically a peer-to-peer streaming television shows. And there was no doubt about it. You've got to go video, be more like juiced, make your interface like juiced. So at a certain point you're like, well, what am I gonna do? Am I gonna risk running out of money? Am I gonna listen to what they say? Do they really know what they're talking about? And ultimately, you know, the company ran for 10 years and no one exited. You know, it just kind of got folded into other things. So it was not a great investment of their money or my time, honestly. Well, it's kind of amazing that the big video platform is still just YouTube.


And now, you know, YouTube just passed, Netflix now is the most watched thing on television. Oh, They're, they're the big, they're not even counted in the streaming data, in the streaming wars. But yeah, they're the big, I have YouTube tv. I don't, yeah, I cut the cable. I don't watch, I don't have cable anymore. It's like, I'm just, I watch YouTube on TV more than I watch anything. 'cause there's so much variety. There's so many different things You can search the fact that you can essentially find anything. Like if I'm interested in, you know, some particular region of the world of ancient history, I just punch that into YouTube and I have hundreds if not thousands of videos on it. It took them a long time to get, I think, to make that profitable inside of Google. Because if you, if you see how many videos are being uploaded daily and transformed into digital video, and I mean, it's, it's crazy the amount of computation that goes into YouTube and the amount of bandwidth that is being sent.


So I think it took a long, they never really reported the numbers. They've only done that in the past couple years with how much revenue. Now Of course YouTube is, is making bank, I mean it's really, it's an incredible system. It's shocking that no one has come up with anything even remotely close. It would take too much money. It's so much investment that goes into doing that. It's, it's, it's a lot. I mean, you remember your bandwidth cost back in the day, pres, Spotify, you know, think how, how do you solve that when you have a hundred million videos being posted every single day? Yeah. You can't, I mean, You'd have to have insane, have billions of dollars in startup money and then, then you're still struggling to get people to use your app's. Not like you remember that one company that came up, was it Quibi?


What was it? The one, yes. What was that? What it was? They spent so much money. Was it Katzenberg? Katzenberg. And I Do not remember it was a Hollywood thing. It was, It was a Hollywood thing. I think it was Quibi, Jamie. And they got a bunch of famous people to do short videos. Short, short, Short drama. Yeah. And they put $2 billion in and Yeah. Gone. They blew it real quick. Because you can't, You can't manufacture something that goes, goes viral A success. No, you can't. And that's kind of like TikTok. We talked about TikTok last time. I think I was here. And you know, obviously it's not an issue now that China is spying through TikTok because it's still here. I think, as I told you then I, I think it's because they were eating Silicon Valley's lunch, you know, doing $4 billion, taking away revenue from them.


And just looking at the people who sponsored the bill, it seemed like they had a lot of donations from Google and Amazon. You know, that just seemed to me like there might be some, some issues there. But what people misunderstand about TikTok is it's not just about the videos and the, and the format and how it flies by. It's about the shop. The shop is their magic sauce. The, if you look at the back end, the influencers who get paid on TikTok, they have this whole back end with rankings and who sold more stuff. Half the videos on TikTok, once you get out of your algo, half of them are about products and people are, you know, just selling products.


And it's all from China and it's all been coming in under the $800 di minimis tax regulation. Mm. So there's no, there's no import duty or anything paid on it. They, they actually have, I think TU now has warehouses in America. So it's just Chinese crap that we're buying over and over again as wildly successful. It's not really about the ads on, on, do you get ads on TikTok? A lot of ads. I don't use a TikTok. Okay, good. Yeah, I got, so when it was gonna go away, I'm like, I gotta get this app, I gotta see what happens. You know, I was like, this is gonna be crazy. So I get the app and I'm using my, my Graph os phone so I can lock off all access.


All it, all it had was my location. Can't hide that from the IP address and my name. So you can get TikTok on a graphene phone? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. And you can actually block it from accessing your contacts. Block it, block it From, but still, that was too much for you. You had to go to a flip phone. That's Interesting. Well, that was my, it's my experimental thing. Mm. And so all it knew was Adam Curry in the Hill country, and it went, I think it went Curry black name, hill Country. And it was probably about 50 churches where he is Boom, right away. I'm getting black preachers, Bri hailstone brim. Really? Oh yeah. And it's just like, and on and on and on. It's been phenomenal. Some, and some of these guys are pretty good, the ones that fall back, you know?


Yeah. It's like, and the guy catches 'em every single time. And so their algorithm is just give that person more of what they want. They're not interesting. They're not trying to do like us, like in like, you know, meta or I'm not sure about X how that works, but let me inject some people who are against it or have a counter a counter argument. Like when, when I was on the last time, and I talked about my, my coming to Jesus, dude, there were TikTok videos with millions of views of just this, you know, this, this one bit. And, and if you looked at it one time, it just, you get the same over and over again. They get all kinds of Jesus stuff back and forth. That's all. Not anyone going.


Yeah, you guys are crazy. You know, this is no good. None of that. So it's a very friendly, it's kind of the Chinese model, You know, it's like, give people what they want and don't try to interject them or spin them up, or get them angry and then throw an ad in their face when they're all emotional. So it's very different. It's very different kind. So I don't know if it'll be worth anything to anyone buying it unless you have the shop portion. Without that, I don't know. I don't think, don't You think they'd have all that too? I mean, you gotta have, you gotta have, have the products. If you gotta have the cheap Chinese products, that's what, that's, that's the problems. Like, do you have that, that stuff, I mean, you'd Have to still be buying them from China. Yeah. It's, it's fun for, You know, for us, like, oh, you know, different crazy people.


I mean, Dvorak use it All the time. He's, he's in an algo of just nut jobs, You know, he's like blue hair, look at this. He plays clips on the show. I'm like, dude, you got, you gotta do something else with your life during the day. It's, It's just amazing how many of those kooky people are getting so much traction. And that was the thought that it was a Chinese psyop, that they were accentuating all these people. And that was like ruining the culture of America because it was showing you all these blue haired psychopaths with beards and lipstick and, But it's really nail polish. It's, it's really, so I heard the same thing from, I heard people saying, dude, you're wrong. They want to get rid of TikTok because that's where MAGA lives. I'm like, huh. And then it, because that's all they got.


They got mega all they got. Right. Because that's what offends them. So they Interact with that. Exactly. Exactly. So it's just, it's just, it's very social media. The internet in general was kind of a bad idea. It's kind of hurt. It's good for many things, but it's two sides of the same coin. It's good and bad. I mean, why would You say it's a bad idea though? I think it's a great idea. Well, I mean, you were just talking about a shift, the balance of information. 'cause because of the PSYOPs, if we're not aware of the PSYOPs, You know, the darpa, the Defense agency, research project, agency agency, I had too many agencies in there. Darpa. Yeah. Since the seventies, they've been looking at social networks and really in the, there's a, ah, there's a guy, he came up with the law of large numbers and they, they figured out that in a computer network, regardless of the content, depending on if you have enough nodes, you can predict where the information will flow.


So if I'm talking about something here, if they boost the right nodes, they can predict where that information will go. And that's, that's how, yeah. I don't think even Elon can stop that from happening. It's not an algorithm thing. It's, it's literally like a law of nature thing that just, it, that's the way it will flow. And you can start injecting things through the right nodes and you'll propagate some message. And I mean, it, I think it's happening All the time everywhere. I mean, once you start looking, it's like, well, where's that coming from? Well, I think we need to educate people on how to, how to digest social media.


And, you know, I think you should treat it the same way you treat junk food. You know? And I think there's certain aspects of social media that are really interesting. And I like 'em. I mean, most of what I get on social media is what my friends send me. Sure. So that's how, that's how I do it. Sure. And this is how I stay sane, is like, my friend send me wacky things and I go, oh my God, what is this? Like my me and my friend Christina pki, she sends me like the, the nuttiest like trans activist screaming and nutty guys who think that they're women. And then me and Tom Ra, we exchange murder videos, murder. Oh. And, and car accidents.


And animal attacks. And then, you know, my before breakfast, no, I try not to in the morning, but sometimes I have to check my text message because I have business stuff. I have things, things going on, you know, guests and this and that. And so I do check. But you know, it's just, it's very intoxicating to just sit there on the toilet and just start scrolling toilet Scroller. But you gotta, you know, you gotta develop discipline. And discipline's important for every aspect of your life. You just, you have to know like, when you've had too much. But That's, that's not easy for young kids, you know? Right. It's not, but I think they can learn, just like they've learned everything else in this world. And it, but you need Parental guidance. And most of the parents are hooked on it themselves.


Well, I think they need a message, you know, and I think this conversation is part of that message. You know, I think kids need to realize, like, you are wasting time. Like if you spend two hours just scrolling through TikTok, you have wasted time and there's stuff that you probably should be doing, and you're gonna be depressed. If you don't do those things, you're gonna feel weird. You're not gonna feel satisfied. You're not gonna feel like you're on a good path. You're gonna like not have a lot of respect for yourself. If you just like, sit on the couch all day and scroll through TikTok, which many people listening to this have done a whole day. Yeah. Just sitting there eating chips, scrolling through TikTok and just wasting your day. That is possible to do.


I think there's ways that you can incorporate it into your life where it's interesting, you know, and I've got good algorithms now, especially on YouTube, but pretty good algorithms on Instagram too, where most of the stuff it's showing me is stuff I'm actually interested in. So now do You get those videos when you're interested in a topic? And then there'll be like five different videos that are being suggested to you. And about five minutes in you're like, this is just an AI voice that's, that's cobbled a whole bunch of old things together. And it's a new version of it. And there's, I'm not learning anything. Always. Yeah. There's, there's a lot Of that always. There's always those too. A lot of that. I think YouTube is the best because like, I'm interested in specific subjects, right?


Like, I'm a car nut. I love old cars in specific, particular This, by the way, lots of people love restored things. People love restored cars. We love you. Have I, I think, do you still have your car? Which one? The Corvette. Oh yeah. I mean, beautifully restored. Yeah. Just, just peak last time I saw it, which was I think in La Oh's gorgeous. Yeah. This is what I think the president is doing. He's trying to restore us back to being that great American muscle car. And I think people, everybody loves a beautiful restored muscle car. You know what I mean? Well, Americas making real muscle cars right now.


Like, this is one of the rare times where America's got very exciting automobiles that are out now. You know, we, we've talked a bunch of times about the Corvette ZR one, which is breaking all these laps. That's the, is that the mid engine Is the mid engine 1000 horsepower Corvette. Tina won't let buy one. I'm like, lemme buy. Why not? She's just, you gotta put your foot down. No, No, I'm good. I'm good. No, no. Mommy tell you Right. Not what To do. No, no, no. She's like, that's a douche bag car. Yeah. For me it would be kind of douchey. Why? Yeah. I mean, I, It's awesome. Don't think that way. That's Silly. Ever since I started flying 350 miles an hour, I don't care about how fast I go on the ground, Joe.


It's Not even how fast you Go. It's Just, well that's why I like old cars. 'cause it's not even how fast they Go. I had a C five though. I did have a long time ago. Those are cool. Yeah, I Was, they were a little shitty actually. They really got good around C seven. C seven was nasty. That heads up display was cool though. It was like, Oh, C five had a heads up display. Yeah, it had a heads up display. Look at that. That's the new one. That's the zero one. Come on son. That is not Auch bag. Car car. That's a goddamn American car. That's Bar. Yeah. That's a fucking American working Bar. Yeah. Yeah. That's nice. Can I get my dog in his though? Look at that. Can I get my dog? How big's your dog? 95 pounds. What is he? She is a chi, sorry. A great Pyrenees osh rescue mutt. Oh, that's cute. Yeah. Completely white.


I didn't Mean to misgender your dog. Yeah, she's very angry. Look How awesome that looks, man. You don't have to take your dog everywhere. Reward yourself. Adam Curry. You're the pod father. Get a fucking Corvette. Look at that thing. That's beautiful. A cockpit inside of that thing. That Is beautiful. Yeah. And the performance of that is unparalleled. Yeah. It's like, it's an amazing automobile. A friend of mine, he just, we, 'cause he's a real American car nut, American hero. He just bought a look at that. A Tesla model three. Look at that. He bought it for the autopilot. He says, I wish this came in 16 cylinder. You know, multi turbo. He says, oh yeah. But he says the autopilot. He just loves that. He loves the autopilot. I have a s the plaid, I have a plaid Tesla.


The four door larger sedan plaid Does have the autopilot. Oh yeah. Full self drive. It's incredible. Yeah, it's incredible. I don't use it that much. I like to drive, but just the capability of the car is amazing. Yeah. The speed and the effortlessness in which it merges with traffic and just takes off with no sound. You're beautiful man. It's beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. But it's different. So I like, I like old Aircooled Porsches. I had a nine 11 a long Time ago. Fast. They're not fast. They're not fast in Cause You have manual paired manual. Yeah. Yeah. With the big, the Truck clutch. Like, ah, ah, you gotta push that thing in. Well, it's, They're floor mounted too. They're different. They're the old Porsches are different, but it's, what they are is a physical experience.


Yeah. It's like a ride. It's a fun, exhilarating experience where you hear the, you hear the engine, you're shifting the gears yourself. It's exciting and engaging. And that is more important to me sometimes than just speed. Like, I don't need to go fast. It's not even about going fast. It's about, It's the whole, the whole, the whole experience. Yeah. You're feeling the rear end break a little with your ass, you know, as it fucking Can't that anymore. These modern cars, man. It doesn't work anymore. We used to put Porsche engines into VW buses back in the day. Oh Jesus. That was awesome. That Was probably fun. You can al you can fit it in a, in a beetle too. Sure. You can fit, you can fit a Porsche engine into a boat. Oh Yeah. A lot of people have done crazy beetle transformations where they've hyped up Porsche engines and put 'em in the back of those things.


Yeah. There's a whole like moding community of beetle freaks that take beetles. And They're Volkswagen. Their Volkswagen. Remember how many there were in the seventies coming in from Germany? Yeah. We all had a, I had a 1303. I loved my beetle. It was the best. Yeah. When I was a kid, my friend Jimmy had one, he had a, he had a beetle. It was just cheap on gas. It was easy to drive. And mine was like, I, like, I had to jumpstart it because the lock had broken. So like, so You jumpstarted Every time you got in, jumpstart every time you got in. And then I'd lost my gas cap. And so I just had a rag in there. Oh God. And, and if I went around the highway to the right and if my tank was too fold, then gas would leak out and my front tire would start to slide off.


It's like, oh Jesus. It was exp back, you know, when we were 18, you know? Yeah. You know, just like, Hey, I gotta drive this thing. It was great. I loved, that was a good, we weren't scrolling on TikTok, Joe Rogan. We were doing dangerous stuff. That's true. We Were jump starting our cars and we were, well, I think we're lucky that we've seen both. We've gone through, we, we grew up in a time where there was no internet and you were going outside to do things and people did physical activities. But then as we got older, we recognized that there's this new technology that's connecting the whole world in this weird way. And we're getting to experience it as people who know the world before that. I think we're real lucky. Well, you're, you're a big part of, of, of a change certainly in young men.


I mean, I've seen so many young men who follow you and follow your workout regime and follow, you know, listen to you. They listen to you about what you're saying about health, about food. And that's a, that's a real, you're an important voice in that regard. You've really, really helped a lot of young men in our country and far beyond it. I mean, I know you don't take compliments like this Well, but just you're, it's, it's very important what you've Done. Well, I'm very happy. That's true. That's very important what you're doing. There's a lot of young men that just feel like real disconnected to the world. Nothing seems to be anything that is interesting to them. And they're being pushed into this box where someone's trying to turn them into a fucking chihuahua.


You know, like, this is like the evolution of the wolf into the dog. That's what's happening with men. Like, for some reason, men are supposed to be neutered. You know, there's in the sixties. So I've been, ever since I, I got saved and become a believer there, I've really learned about our American history and I've been blown away by how much, 'cause there's a lot of, You know, you can talk about the sixties and when they outlawed psychedelic drugs and put it on schedule one, that was the exact same time when the Bible was basically taken outta school. And it was, You know, and, and I think the church in general, you know, kind of went into itself and kind of, you know, became, you know, a thing you do over there on Sundays.


Can we Pause real quick? 'cause I gotta take you pee. Real pee. You gotta pee. Let's Do, let's pause. We'll come back. We'll talk about Jesus. We'll be right back. Yeah. All right. We're back. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. Much Better, right? Ah, Thank you. Thank You. So we were gonna talk about the vaping thing. 'cause you were saying that there's nothing wrong with vaping. Well, I didn't say there's nothing wrong with vaping. Well, So what is that? Can I see it? Yeah, Of course. Can I hold it? Yeah. So this is a brick. I mean, you could hurt somebody with this if you wanted to fuck somebody up. Well, if you get a good grit when Yeah, Yeah. No, you just Yeah. Grip that. Its like a brass knuckles almost. Yeah. You know, like, like holding a, a roll of pennies. Yeah. This No, you wouldn't do that. You're gonna break your hand. That's all silly. That's why I, I carry my gun. That's probably better.


That's the battery. The battery. This is heavy. So it's, so when I gave up, I've always, can I take a pull of this? Yeah. Yeah. So it's the top. Do you do it the top button? Press the button, press it and just suck. What, what is the, the flavor of this Tobacco ish and Tobacco ish? It's tobacco, basically. So That was a little hit. Yeah. You, you kind of take a big one. Right? Let let it warm up a little bit. Let it, you press the button and then Yeah, There You go. It's, it's crackling. Yeah. Yeah. Go, go, go, go, go. There You go. Woo. That's definitely different than the gas station ones. Oh, You don't want those.


This is organic juice. It's got 0.3 mil percent nicotine. I wind my own coil made out of silver. The cotton is American, made cotton. Not from China. No. I've, I've got into this Cotton. Yeah, cotton. What's the cotton for? So if you look at the, the mechanism, see, okay, so the cotton sucks up the juice and then the coil warms up. So The cotton's like the Filter? No, the cotton. It has the juice in it. And then when the coil worms warms up, it creates the vapor from the juice that's in it. So Do you have to constantly refresh the cotton? Yeah. Yeah. And so you just dunk your cotton in the juice? No, no, no, no. It's the, the juice is inside.


It's in the tank. Yeah. It has little wires in there, so it crawls Up. So you just put new cotton in every now and again. Yeah. And how many and wines, new coil from time to time. How long do you have to wait before you put new cotton in? It Depends. I do it usually once every couple of days. That Doesn't give me the weird head rush that the gas station ones do. That's Chinese crap. That's the what I like though. I like that. Well, good luck to you. I Was like the first hit. That's what you like off those, the gas station vapes. It's like you're chasing the dragon. You get that first hit and you're like, first hits like, ah, So, So relaxing. And then after that you never get that again. So I really got into this. There was a store in Fredericksburg called Vaporous. They've retired now.


They've retired Jerry and Kathy. And they're two old hippies from, why did they Make it so unwieldy? Well, you can get all kinds of different versions, but I'm a serious user, so I need this whole battery. I have a whole kit with me, man. I got a screwdriver to open this up and bring Battery in. And that doesn't fuck with your lungs or your health or anything like That? No, I've, I've never felt this good. Okay. And so this is different juice. So what is the juice? 'cause the thing about the, the, the actual oil is the issue, right? Yeah. And this is a thing like a lot of these cheap ones that you're buying off the gas station, You don't know what's in there. Right? This is, this is glycol, which is, it's essentially the same stuff that's in the theatrical mist machines. Okay.


Only much watered down. And, and all it does is just produce vapor. And so what is vapor? Well, it's mainly water. And Of course you're mixing it with nicotine and nicotine. You know, that's, that's the piece that I've always liked about smoking. But now I don't get the tar. I don't get all other contaminants. Mm. And I also don't get high. You know, I, I stop, I, I kind of stop. I used to smoke a lot of weed. Yeah. I stopped. It's just, I haven't felt like doing it anymore, you know? Mm. Like a glass of wine, but no. And so this, yeah, I do have gorilla grip on it. It's like everywhere I go, I'm like, where's my vape? Where's my vape? Right. I'm fully addicted, fully aware.


I'm addicted to more the, the motion of it. Because all, I mean, I would, I would roll up, you know, I, I could roll in with one hand behind my back and been doing it so long. So a real spliff with tobacco, with weed. And then it would go out and I put it down and I come up, pick it up again. At a certain point, it was like three in the morning, I'd wake up, like, I think I'll go, I roll, roll a joint, you know, I smoke a whole spliff, go back to bed. I mean, it got to be a little cr I was smoking a lot, you know? Mm. And without it, I'm very productive, Joe. Isn't that crazy? I Gotta tell you, I'm super productive. I'm doing all, Nicotine is very good for productivity And for me as Just Caffeine.


It can, well those, those are my two drugs, you know, caffeine and nicotine. I, I kind of, I kind of dig it. I really do. It's nice. They're Very good for productivity. Yeah. Is it, is there any bad stuff? I mean, I know it, it constricts your blood flow in your mouth and in other parts probably. I mean, obviously you're putting something in your stream, so it, I don't know. But you like those, those pouches? Yeah, I do. Yeah. But I, I wanted to see what happens if I took time off and I went out of the country for five days and didn't bring 'em and I was fine. Mm. Didn't bother me at all. I was like, I was, I was wondering if I'd be like, itching for One. Like I'm okay on the plane. I can fly to Europe. I'm like, you know, I'm, I'm okay. I don't, I don't need to vape. Can You go in the bathroom or just get a quick one in there on the Plane?


You know, this is a very bad idea if you do not want to be caught vaping on the plane. Oh really? Yeah, Of course. I Had, will that set off a fire alarm? I don't know. Can you blow it right into the toilet? No, it's, you can do what they call 0 0 0 vape, which is basically you inhale and you just hold it in until the air, until nothing comes out. Oh, wow. Yeah. Or, you know, have done one of these like, And they go on your jacket. Yeah, I know. I've seen people do that at the movie Theater and stuff. But that is, that is not approved of behavior. So I do not condone that. You know, it's okay, I can handle not, not vaping for eight hours or Whatever. So what's in the gas station ones, when you're getting that, who knows what's in the oil?


Who Knows it, who knows. That's maybe what killed some people early on in Covid. You know, it might have been bad. A lot of THC Of course these pre-made cartridges, you just don't know what's in it. It's like, no, don't, don't vape that stuff. Hmm. Do not vape. The pre-made things. I mean, this is fun. You get to learn how to do it. It's manufacturing, you know, it's, you get into, I can really get into it. Like, I got this, this diameter silver wire and five, you know, you do five, five loops or six loops for different impedance. Oh yeah. There's a whole, I mean, this tank, you know, this thing is like, it's you, you try different, I had must have 18 different vapes that I've tried.


And like, this is the one this, Somebody gave me one at one point in time. It was like, it was carrying around a phone. It was like I was carrying around. It was the size of your flip phone. Yeah. And I was like, this is ridiculous. That's me baby. That's me. That's, I don't wanna, another heavy thing in my pockets around my fanny pack. It's like, it's too Much. Yeah, no, this is, this is okay. I mean, it's all right. And then this thing that, But you decided that the phone was too invasive even with the graphene os Yeah. And you had to Yeah. 'cause you could still do everything just not being tracked. And, and so I used to go to bed, You know, we go to bed at the same time, You know, we, we always watch some stupid, like we're in season seven of Seinfeld right now, You know, so we'll watch a half hour of stupidity and, and then we go to bed and I used to be on my phone, You know, for half an hour scrolling stuff or whatever.


And then, You know, okay, I'm tired. Yeah. Because my brain has been working overtime on whatever inputs I'm giving it. And now I'm like, well, there's nothing to scroll. So I just go to bed and I'm out in three seconds. I'm like, I sleep. Mm. And I sleep All the way through. And I wake up in the morning, I'm refreshed, I feel good. I don't look at social media the first hour I'm up, I mean on, I do bible readings and stuff and devotionals and my text a buddy of mine, and I'm ready, man. Then Do you do social media in the morning? No. No. Almost Not at all. So when you do it, you do it from computer. Yeah. If you check it out at all. Yeah. And when you do that, one of the questions I had about that, does that do voice to text?


It can from Andrew. Oh, that's a game changer. However, Of course when you do that, Google is basically keeping your transcript. There's a company in Austin called Futo. Wait a minute. So if you just text, it doesn't keep your transcript. Oh, I'm sure it does. But if you, I'm not sure what, how much of that it does. But when you read, when you speak into it, it goes to the Google servers, the Google server, then trans transcribes it and sends it back to your phone. It's not happening on the phone, it's happening on Google servers. And they probably keep all of that, or my voice or whatever. There's a company in Austin called Futo, FUTO, and they have an open source voice to text system that don't keep your transcripts.


And they're some good guys. I've, I've been messing with that. It's not quite as fast as And Will that work on that phone? Yeah, Yeah. You can install 'em. Really? Yeah. Just as extra Keyboard. But do you ever send messages with Google Voice or with with voice to text on that phone? IU I've been using Futo. Mm Oh, you have that? Yeah. On that Phone? Yeah. Yeah. So I use it on my phone All the time. Like when I'm in my car, I press the little button to goes For Apple series that goes. Yeah. So I'm, you know, who knows what Apple's doing or that you don't know. I mean, Sending it right to China, All the memes maybe. Maybe. I dunno. I don't know. It's all right. It's okay. Yeah. So I went to Boston. You live in Boston, didn't you? Yeah. So we went to go see the Doobie Brothers. And When was this Last year.


Really? They're a lot. They're around. Yes. And it was wild. It was in, it was in Massachusetts. It was one of these, you know, like amphitheaters that's half covered. And we were the youngest people there, and people were sparking weed. You could smell the whole place. They're like 80-year-old dudes smoking doobies. It was amazing. And the Duby brothers play, And it was like, what this, it was the first 45 minutes is them do it. This is from our album from five years ago. Dude, we want China Grove, You know? Yeah. You know, give us long train running. So eventually they get into that, but then they would like Michael McDonald's, what a fool. Beliefs, you know, I loved that song. He would do it syn topically.


Like what? Instead of doing the song, like, we all remember it, you'd do what a fool believe. He was like, no, no, don't do that. It was really disappointing. But the opening act was Steve Wynwood. Steve Winwood's now almost 80 years old. And I get goosebumps just thinking about it. He railed, he wailed, he did, you know, Mr. Fantasy from Traffic. Sure. Which that three quarters of that song is guitar solo. And he's just like, and go. And the crowd is going nuts. Wow. And he has all these young kids with him, and you can, you see the closeup on the screens and they're like, dude, look at, look at what he's doing.


It was amazing. I bring it up because the next day, did you give it up to, to Plymouth? Did I go to Plymouth? Yeah. Massachusetts. Plymouth Rock. Right. So Plymouth Rock is kind of disappointing because it's like, it's a rock. It's just a rock. And there's a structure around it and like, okay, you know, it's a rock. And there's a little sign next to it that says, we don't know that this was really the rock. But some guy in church who was 90 years old at the time said, yeah, I think this was the Rock. So that's the rock. You were talking about the Georgia Guidestones a few episodes ago with somebody. Yeah. Did you know that we have an actual guidestone in America in Plymouth?


No, it's called the Monument to the Forefathers. I'd never heard of this. It's about two blocks in and it's, I think arguably the largest granite structure in the wor in America, certainly. But maybe in the world. It was completed in 1890 and it is the Guidestone of America. And if you, how do I not know about this? No one knows about this. This is here. Check it out. It thing is huge. Whoa. And it's literally in a, in a cul-de-sac, a residential area. Really? There's no road. How old is that? It was completed in 1890 after 50 years of building it. Wow. And so this is the formula for America. This is where I was going before our pee break, the formula for America.


This. So they constructed this so that if we ever lost our way, we could find our way back. You know, when they talk about America was built on Christian values and like, what does that mean? What does that even mean? Christian values? I mean, I don't even the word Christian. It's like, that was actually a slur back in the day that they came, they came up with for Jesus believers. So in the middle of faith, that's her name. Faith. And it's four sides. And one is law, education, morality, and liberty, and has all these cool inscriptions. It's really something amazing to see. And I believe that's the formula that we need to get back. You actually, you live like this. You're Joe Rogan lives these four sides.


You live, you understand law, morality, education, and liberty. And if we can get back to that, You know, that would be just an in fact, so all of our, all of our early presidents, all of them live by the Bible. Every single one of them, they, they wrote about it. They studied it. 1778, the first act, one of the first acts of a Congress was to print a Bible for everybody. So I brought you, this is done by a group called The Wall Builders. And David Barney has all this, these are the receipts. So that's, it's a Bible, but it has three quarters of that book is writings by our early presidents All the way up through, through Reagan.


And this David Barton guy. He has all of these originals. I think he lives in Alito, Texas. And it shows you what our code was in the early days up until the sixties. And that's when, you know, we got this big argument about, well, we can't have, you know, you know, the whole I the First Amendment is the right to establish a, a religion. And that has been perverted throughout the years to say, well, you can't have, you know, the Bible in schools and the government can't tell you to do this. And you can't be talking about, they used to the, the Hall of Congress used to be a church. I mean, that, that's how we started. And you don't have to necessarily be a, a believer or saved by Jesus just to understand where we came from and the basic tenets of law where those guys created it from.


You know, the receipts are in the Declaration of Independence. Our, our Bill of Rights, our amendments, our rights. Not that the government gives us, you know, they all say the government shall not infringe, the government may not do this. It's what the government could not do because we had rights given to us by our creator. And I think if we got back to a little bit of that in America, we might get a bit more on path. Which is why certainly All the, All the Jesus freaks are like, wow, president God, president Trump is talking about God. He says God saved him to, to save America. I mean, this is a President is a big deal when he does stuff like that. And you can see, just look at the people around us, Russell Brand, Tucker Carlson, Candace Owens.


I mean, there's a lot of people who are now starting to see this. And I know you'll love history. That's why I bought that for you. Because when you see where it comes from, a lot of things start to be clear. And that, that sculpture that was like, I had no idea it was there. I'd never heard of it. It's not in any books, but it's kind of a template for where we came from. And I think it's, it's kind of important that we look at that as well as, you know, All the other things that we're looking at now with AI and social media. And we can't just be sitting around for four years going Yeah, Trump, yeah. Elon, you know, stomp the libs. We've gotta find some spirituality one way or the other. It doesn't have to be God, I would like it to be, but people gotta find that.


I think you're saying some wise things. And I think that people need some sort of a moral and ethical structure to live their life through Jordan Peterson always has this thing. Another one. Yeah. Whether or not if you believe in God, if you live like you believe in God, you follow by, you will live a better life. And that is true. I believe it. I think that's true. I believe it. Absolutely. And it's, it's very simple. It's a moral Scaffolding. Yeah. It's very simple things. You know, it's the 10 Commandments aren't that hard, you know? Right. It's like that's your, that's your law. If you believe that government, I mean you government is an extension of, of God if you believe that he in in states governments. And I think that, I think that God gave us Joe Biden for four years.


I really do. He said, y'all gotta take a look. He has humor too, by the way. Like you got, you should take a look. And there's a story, I think it's Daniel, about King Nebuchadnezzar. And King Nebuchadnezzar. He did not follow God's law. And so God turned him into a donkey basically. And he, and he was out grazing for seven years eating grass. I'm like, that sounds a lot like President Biden, that he just turned him into a grass eating donkey who had nothing left. You know? So this, Well, you have to see what happens when things go sideways to really understand it. That's why people who grow up in poverty really can appreciate success a lot more than someone as a trust fund kid.


Right. Of course. You have to know what it's like when things go bad. And our country just experienced four years of being governed by people other than the elected leader. And it's pretty clear now. Yeah. And, And you know, the way Mike Johnson laid it out, that Biden didn't know what was in some of the executive orders. I Didn't sign that. Oh no. It's kind of crazy. It's crazy, man. It's crazy. I mean, I mean it's, it's interesting 'cause some of the, like how much can you attribute it to faulty memory and how much of it is actually they passed things by his desk. I don't know. But at the end of the day, we got to see that this was not a good direction. This is a terrible direction. And I think that was like one of the biggest mistakes that Kamala Harris did is when she went on the View and they asked her, what would you do differently?


And she said, nothing. Nothing. Yeah. Which Is crazy. Say, but also look at President Trump. I mean, can you take a more wrong guy in the auspices and the opinion of presidential and everything? And he learned a lot during his first term. I mean, this was a turnaround of epic proportion, epic proportion. And, and I know lots of, What's the big biggest political comeback? It's in the history of the world. It, it'll be in the history books. It, the show will be a part of that. It, it's going to be incredibly important for us to look back on this because, You know, like, it's, it's often the misfits, you know, that's, that's who we've gotta love the most.


So when I see the blue-haired people, I'm like, right, I really want to love them. You know, they probably wouldn't understand it, but Crazy, chaotic energy. If they just found something they loved and pushed it into that, they'd be better off. But it's also, it's like what damaged them up into that point. Like, what kind of a life did they live that left them in this place where they're 35 years old weeping in front of a city council meeting? Like, who are they And what, what, what wrong? And this is the thing, it's like we kind of encourage this victim mentality. We do. And we reward it. It has social credit to it. And you, you know, you get to be in a special class of people and you get to say outrageous things. Yeah. And, and people allow you to, and that's not good for anybody.


Just like, it's, you have kids, you know what it's like? Yeah. It's, it's not good for kids. Like, you gotta tell them them like, well, that's not real. Yeah. You can't do that. That's not yours. Like, there's things that you have to learn. And if you reward victim mentality, then people look to become victims. And so that, like, when that lady laid out all of her fucking physical ailments and all of her problems, it is, if, is as if that makes any of the things she's saying makes sense because she has all these problems. Like, no, that's not, that's not how the world works. But you're right, it's been rewarded. Rewarded. And it's been ed rewarded by political operations. Yes. Mainly to get votes and to bring these people have a vote too, you know? Right. They can vote.


Bring 'em in. This is a part of the Psyop p of USAID and the psyop of just the government in general. These cons, control, control structures that are essentially put in place to make sure that they remain in power. Do You know John Perkins? Yes. Have you ever had him On? No, I have not. Oh Man. 'cause he wrote about this, you know, Economic hit man. Yeah. Confession of economic hitman. Wow. I mean, basically U-S-A-I-D, that's what they do. But also State department. So, you know, Marco Rubio seems like a good guy. I am kind of liking him. But there, they're, they've got intelligence units inside there. There's all kinds of things that happen with State Department. So I hope that also gets uncovered. Well, Mike Ben was explaining yesterday, I was like, this is seems so intertwined.


Like, how are you gonna, what, what can be done in four years? He goes, no, this is gonna take 50 years more. He's like, that may be true. This is gonna take forever to unwind. He goes, you have to understand how deep these tentacles go. And he laid it out in four and a half hours yesterday. Wow. Wow. I probably talked for three minutes for the whole podcast. I'm not kidding. It was just With Mike. He got it like, yeah, can I get the transcript of the show and go over it slowly? 'cause he goes fast, man. Well, he, he goes Fast. The thing that will happen is viral clips of specific things that he highlights and says that are very significant or gonna go out good. Yeah. And those are already out, and I'm sure they're all over X right now as we're speaking. And I, I love that Doge is, I was skeptical because, you know, we heard this during the Reagan administration.


Reagan wasn't gonna do all this. He was gonna make government efficient. And Of course it didn't. When I hear that they're gonna do the same thing to the military. Amen, man. Yeah. Well, they have to be accountable to, to an audit. Yes. You can't, They haven't done one Ever. Well, the Pentagon's failed seven of 'em. Yeah. And the the thing is, like fraud's real, we know it's real. And we know people are pilfering. And if you go unchecked for long enough, that becomes a part of the way people do business. And once that's established and it's been established for decades, then it's very difficult to stop. Because as soon as you start investigating it, people go to jail. And so they're gonna try to stop you from investigating it. And they're gonna st they're gonna try to like bury records and it's gonna get wild.


As, as I'm sure Mike told you, and I can't wait to see. It is not just fraud. It's, it is the actual system. Instead of us being open. And I think like Trump is doing, like, Hey, we're just gonna have tariffs on you, nato, you don't like it, boom. We're not gonna protect you. You know, we gotta be fair about this. You can't just be ripping us off. We've been doing all these subversive th things with money that's just going to NGOs and nonprofits. I mean, the whole Ukraine thing. He highlighted all of this. Ah, did he, did he play the Victoria Newland recorded phone call? No, he didn't. That my favorite. She showed the Biden thing where he said, You know, the, the prosecutor had to be fired or they wouldn't get the billion dollars in loans.


Right, right. And son of a bitch, Well, Victoria Newland, in 2014, the Russians, I think they released it. They recorded a phone call and she's literally talking to the ambassador. Okay, we wanna put this guy in the government, that guy in the government, this guy in Senate Clich, leave him outside. He can be the mayor or whatever. I mean, that's, that's not cool. We have some stuff to repent for when all this comes out and we should pick ourselves up and move forward and just be honest. I think we, I think we can do it with a lot of honesty too. I hope so. But the problem is there's a lot of people that are gonna be in deep trouble, and they're gonna try to stop that from all this accountability From Was Mike bullish or bearish on it?


Well, he's, you know, he's in the storm, you know, it's like he, no one knows exactly what's gonna happen when you're in the middle of the hurricane. You're telling people what's going on. And that's where he is right now. I mean, I asked him, how do you sleep? He goes, I don't, You know, he needs prayers. He needs some prayers For sure. I'm sure he needs that cover will cover him. You know? And I think his, his fight is very noble, and he's right. He's right. And he's accurate. And the, the amount of information that guy's got in his head is astounding. Yeah. And he can, I mean, he's pulling it all off the top of his head while we're talking, because he lives this constantly. Yeah. You know, he used to work at the State Department, uncovered All the stuff. It's been chasing it down forever. Yeah. And he is a, a, you know, legitimate historian on this.


And it's, And Thank you for giving him that platform. He's, and Thank you for giving Trump a platform and All the things you've done. But the people, when they think of CIA And you know, these types of agencies, they always think, you know, dart guns And, you know, secret stuff. But no, it's really subversive writing articles. And my whole family kind of comes from military and intelligence background. So I've heard, you know what I learned, this is crazy. So my uncle was big in the CIA, he was, he was the national, he was basically Tulsi Gabbard to Bush Senior when he was vp. And then, you know, like I ran, Contra happened, And, you know, he basically became ambassador to Korea, kind of moved.


He, he was exonerated, but he was moved out to a different post. My my aunt passed away a couple years back. And when my cousin was doing her eulogy, she said Aunt Meg were actually outranked Uncle Don in the CIA, she ran the Russia desk, spoke fluent Russian, but had promised never to tell anybody, not even her own kids. I'm like, what? Aunt Meg spoke fluent Russian and ran the Russia desk for the CIA and Outranked Uncle Don. Like, that's some crazy stuff. Crazy. And all those folks, You know, they remember Russia as the real, real bad guys.


I mean, I went to, this is my own U-S-A-I-D story. So in 1988, I think it was, we had the Moscow Music Piece Festival. Do you remember that? No. And this is before the wall came down, And it was, I was the only MTV person who went, we went on a 7 27 from Newark. It was Ozzy Osborne, basically Black Sabbath. It was Bon Jovi, Motley Crue Skid Row. We stopped in Germany to pick up the scorpions. What was That flight like, Dude? So he, dude, dude, this You'll love this. Look you guys. Oh yeah. There You go. Wow. So the reason you're filming things, even back then, so the reason this happened was, look at you.


Yeah, yeah. There You go. Tko Torres from Bon Jovi. I mean, so Doc McGee, who was the manager of Bon Jovi and Motley Crue, his, I'm, I'm paraphrasing the story, but I'm pretty sure it's correct. That was Ozzy. Oh, really? I just realized that was Ozzy and Sharon Osborn. Like, who are those people? I was like, oh my God. Look at, look at Sharon. Look at Sharon. I know. She's like a, a, a kid and like a, a British house Frow. Nice. Rollie police. She's not the no o face for her. So, oh, face. Oh, Ozempic Ozempic. Yeah. So look at Ozzy. So Doc McGee's Learjet had been caught smuggling in like, you know, bales of, of marijuana into Florida.


And his get outta jail free card was, he was supposed to organize an anti-drug and alcohol concert in Moscow. Oh, right. So this is where I'm pretty sure U-S-A-I-D came into it and the CIA and so this was supposed to be a complete drug free, alcohol free. We're all gonna go there. We're gonna do a huge one night concert. We're there for a week on the plane. Ozzy is so drunk. He, he's so drunk. He, you know, so we're, we're in the back there. And he's, he's at the, at the laboratory, mid mid midplane, and it's someone else's in there.


And he's like, She share, Share. And she'd go, oh, Ozzy. And he pees his pants right there in the aisle. I'm like, holy crap. Ah, Ozzy peed his pants, SHA. So This was a wild trip. And I got a briefing beforehand by some dudes in Suits. I, you know, this is 88, so I don't, you know, I wasn't really thinking U-S-A-I-D-C-I-A. And they're like, here's the deal. You're gonna be there. Do not talk to any women. Don't go to any hookers. Do not take any hookers to your room. They're all gonna be KGB, and you know, you don't want any part of this. And there's gonna be, our people are gonna be watching you. And to make KGB hookers.


Wow. KGB hookers. We actually did go to the hooker boat, which was pretty wild. It was a boat. Yeah. They had a prostitute boat. The ugliest hookers in the world is like, nah, no one's going to pirates. We all, we all kind of went to go check 'em out. We're we're in the hotel. They had, they literally turned, this is, You know, Soviet Union still. They literally turned on the heat in that part of the city was winter. And the, the mattresses were made of straw. And you had to bribe the lady for a phone call. You'd reserve it 24 hours in advance. You have to give her tuna fish and toilet paper rolls. It was wild. Wow. Middle of the night, I'm with Sebastian Bach from Skid Row. We're outside, we go to Red Square, we're drinking vodka on Red Square at three in the morning.


Walk back to the hotel, there's the Moscow Hell's Angel show up, and they're on like these Yugoslav mo motorcycles, and they're popping wheelies and falling off. And we're like, what's going on? Then this, this Russian official comes up with, he, they had the really big hats and he is like, tap, tap, tap on the back of one of the merch trucks. And all he wanted was t-shirts. And so, you know, he gave him a whole bunch of t-shirts. Everybody leaves crazy. So we have this concert and the kids are go, they went nuts of All the bands, Bon Jovi, Motley Crew, Ozzy, they all knew Ozzy. They could, they were all singing phonetically. They, they, You know, guys it, hi. They didn't know the words, you know.


Oh, wow. But the crazy train kind of came out of their mouth. Wow. And, And what was, look At This. Yeah. It was ins insane. You can see All the, Can you gimme some Volume? There's some military in front, I think. There it is. But the Lenin Stadium, look at that. And the Crown Flying Hot showed damn Fan stood in harmony for 12 hours to watch and listened to the likes of Bon Jovi. Motley Crewe and Skid Row, who all agreed to play. Wow. So here's the kicker. The Scorpions had a number one hit, winds of Change. The Wind of Change. You don't remember the song. And it was the only song they did not write. And that song was the Anthem when the Wall came down, which happened?


Liter. Oh, here you go. The Sea did the CI There You go. Power Ballad. There You go. To bring down the USSR. Yep. What? Yep. Yep. Is that real? I think so. I think so. I don't remember that song. Can we play some of the song and cut it out, Jamie? I could play it for us. Play it for us and cut it out. We'll, we'll cut this part outta of the show folks. Just go listen to Scorpions. What a Shame, man. We couldn't be ssop more Germans. 1990. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. It's a good fucking song. Yeah. A CIA writes hits baby. That's crazy. The CIA wrote a banger. A huge banger. A huge, and the cra here's the funniest part.


So when the wall comes down, this is number one. Like, you know, it was 1990, right? And, and I think, I can't remember, I think they might have been phonetically singing along with it in Lenin Stadium when we were there. 'cause it was, it was a number one hit. It was everywhere. This song. So This is a year before the Walk In Go. It says this song was written after the concert, like in response to The concert. Okay. Yeah. Okay. There You go. I told you I don't have it. All right. But, But, but the CIA wrote It. The Ccia a wrote it, it had probably had it in the archives. Oh my God. The funniest thing was so huge in Europe at the time was Baywatch. You know, You know the whole Sure. Have you ever had Hasselhoff on? No. There's a funny guy. This guy. He's, He was on Fear Factor.


Oh. I Mean, he Did Celebrity Fear Factor. Did you like him? Did? Yeah. He's a nice guy. I mean, I've met him a couple times. You know, he had to go to the bathroom a lot at the time, but, You know, whatever, you know, MTV, beach house, like, you know, his manager would be like, David, I think you need to go to the bathroom. You get some energy. Oh, yeah. Anyway, but, so, you know, the story of Baywatch is phenomenal because he self-finance it. Nobody wanted it in America. Right. And he became this monstrous global hit everywhere except America in the beginning. And, you know, he became wildly successful. Rich and Germany is where it was number one. It was just for years. Number one Baywatch. And so Hasselhoff, or as they say, Jeh Hof is Hello Deutschland.


Here's the Hof. Everyone knew him. He was standing on top of the wall with a sledgehammer. And he claims that he brought down the Berlin wall. Was Baywatch a scop? Is that what you got now? I don't know, but oh my God. Well, this is also part of the thing that Mike Ben's got into with the music business, that they do sort of finance these, you know Sure. Disruptive kind of songs and political movements. Sure. Wow. Of Course, Of course. I mean, yeah. Yeah. Well that's the, it's a powerful tool, man. That's that the book about Laurel King. There He is. There he is. Look at Him. He's bringing down the wall.


What is He singing? Oh, he was a pop star. Right? He Had the disco hits. He had these poppy hits. Yeah. And Freedom Baby. I did it. And he got his glittering jacket on and everything. Awesome. American Icon ladies and And gentlemen. That's a, not even glittery. That's an LED jacket. Like that jacket's got a battery. Oh yeah. Of course. Up. We loved him from Night Rider, you know. Oh yeah. He was a cool dude. You know, he had his, we all wanted a kit, a kit watch, You know, which we now have. Of course. He Was huge overseas. Right. That's it. That was, it was because of Baywatch. And he had a whole music career going on and Oh yeah. Oh man. Good times. In the old days, bro. Good times. We had so much fun back in the early days.


That's so crazy that that song was written by the CIA, that, that Laurel Canyon thing is really interesting because I really dismissed it at first. Yeah. I was like, come on, we're United States. But the government didn't have nothing to do with the rock and roll movement, but kind of seems like they did, what is it? Strange Times in the Canyon? What is that book called again? I believe that's the name. Is that it? Yeah. Something along those lines. Yeah. It's a weird book, man. Yeah. I read the book and I was like, what the fuck? Like, how much of this is, But you know, when in the sixties when the agents were infiltrating Europe was, it was all literature, art, music, they were bringing everything they could, art, especially, you know, just, and that was really at the time to make sure that weird Scenes inside the canyon To make sure that the Russians didn't take over Europe.


You know, there's all these, all these things that they were doing. Well, They also did it with the modern art movement. Absolutely. This is their thing. Like Jackson Pollock is a complete creation. Which totally makes sense. 'cause I was like, who's paying for this? Yeah. Like, help me out. Yep. Like, no, don't you see the way the splatters are like, no. That's why We're all questioning you, Joe Rogan. Yeah. What U-S-A-I-D connections do you Have? I think I skipped the system. I think somehow or another they fucked up. Let me Through. Look at me. My whole, my whole family's intelligence and military. I was a pirate radio guy in 1983. What the, they must have been like, this guy's lost. We can't, we can't, we can't use him. He'll be no good. I mean, the Real kooky people probably think you're my handler or something. Because you created podcasts.


That's right. Yeah. 'cause there is that thought that, like, this is one of the things that comes up now All the time. And we talked about this on CNN, we're saying that there's a whole financed back right wing ecosystem that's created these podcasts. Where's my check? Well, this, this is just stupidity. This is the problem where when you look at some conspiracies, you think, oh, well that applies to all things. Well, Of course. Yeah. That, no, there's actually some things that are organic. Well, for some weird reason, What, what I think we'll see, you know, the first thing after the election is we needed Joe Rogan on the left. We needed Joe Rogan. Well, You know, guys, you basically had a Joe Rogan on the left. But you were so crazy that Joe started to think, right, you know, They didn't want me. That was the thing.


Like, they didn't want you, but it's, that's All the psyop working against them. Because in the past, they could take someone like me and demonize them and it would be effective, and they could just remove you from the airwaves. Right. And then remove you as a problem. 'cause you're not playing by the rules. But now people go, oh, you know what? I think he's the one who's actually telling the truth. Let's stop listening to them. And so then CNN crashes, and then faith in mainstream media crashes and faith in podcasts rises. I think what we'll see though is, and it may come from YouTube, we'll probably see them try to hype someone up to become the Joe Rogan of the left. Oh, they're already definitely doing that. Who do is you think it is? The is. I don't care who give a fuck, let em try.


All right. But the thing is, it's not going to work unless that person's authentic. Because Without authenticity doesn't work. If You hear a person long enough, you know what the fuck they're really saying. You know, whether or not That's right. That's right. You know, I'm wrong All the time. I'm, you might not agree with me, that's all great, but I'm not gonna lie. And that's the difference. Yeah. In this, a lot of these people are just propagandists and they're also trying to make an argument for something without looking at the other side, which instantaneously, I know now you're propagandizing. Now you're not, you're now you're bullshitting me. I always try to look at the other side. I know you do. Of everything. I know you do as a human. I think it's an important quality as a person who's like broadcasting to millions of people.


It's a very important quality, but it's an important quality for human beings. Like, know why you think about something like, no, is this just a knee-jerk reaction or is this well thought out? Is are you being objective or are you trying, are you captured by this ideology that you're a part of to the point where you're just ignoring, like, this is the thing that I find fascinating about all this USAID stuff, because there's so many people that are so against Donald Trump dismantling the organization, that they're not looking at the craziness of All the propaganda that's being exposed. They, they somehow or another are gaslighting themselves and all their followers to say that, no, this is aid. People are gonna starve to death. There's food that's rotting.


I, meanwhile, they, I think I'm pretty sure even when they passed this thing where they were trying to put a stop on usaid, they give exemptions for food and medicine. Yeah. So, and certain, yeah. So you're hearing these bullshit stories of like, food that's rotting now and people are gonna go starving. Everyone's dying of aids. Like, Well, you have figures who people see as authority because they have a million followers and likes. And then they'll, they'll believe that. And it typically doesn't work. I mean, it's like, do you remember? I Think it works, but it works for less people. There's people that want, they want to be lied to. They want to believe the cult. They want to drink the Kool-Aid. They they want to. Yeah. And, and that is where they've dug their heels in.


And now this is where they, they Stay. But when you see Rachel Maddow who has come back, you know, for the first a hundred days, she's doing a show every single day. And she's blatantly lying. I mean, literally like factually, clearly lying. A lot of people won't watch anything. You know, they've been told Joe Rogan is part of the bro casting And you know, the, the this Right. Winging conspiracy all funded by whatever to, you know, to propagandize. And people are gonna go over there and they're gonna believe what she says. And I mean, I have family members who, who truly believe that President Trump will take away their social security. Like he's saying quite the opposite. And by the way, he can't take it away. Only Congress can take it away.


U-S-A-I-D created by executive order by President Kennedy can be shut by executive order by President Trump. That's just a fact. Well, also what they're doing is they're highlighting there's people that are supposedly 150 years old that are getting Social security. Awesome. I need some of that. There. Some, There's some weird shit going on with Social Security. But, you know, what happened? This, I think this is, this is what we're not being told, but I have a lot of cis admin friends, from what I understand, the Doge team, four guys initially they were in, so the treasury is like our bank account. It's, you know, it's just, it's one system and it sends payments through the Federal Reserve system. And they all, they needed to do January 21st at midnight, they were in there, they got All the payments.


They've had that at Mar-a-Lago. They've been, you know, 'cause I've heard this, that they've been going through it like, Hey, there's no reconciliation. There's, there's just a payment with no, no purchase order or no confirmation that the work was done. I think at this point, they're just sitting back going, huh. You know, they can, they can release more information whenever they want. Department of Education is gonna be next. You're gonna see a lot of common core craziness. I mean, remember that Common Core, the Pentagon, I hope they do the State Department too, because there's a lot going on there. It's gonna be interesting to see what resistance. Well, the people who are squealing are the ones you wanna pay attention To. Right. Well, that's the thing is that first of All, the one we were talking about this the other day, me and my friends are saying, part of the problem is these people can't conspire right now because all their phones are tapped.


Everybody that for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Like if, if they're investigating you, if they're investigating these things, like the, the power that they have Is astronomical. It's crazy. Yeah. The power that they have to look into people's emails, look into people's phones, find out what text messages they're sending. They can look into your signal. All that Pega, Pegasus baby. Yeah. They look, they're looking at everything. So the the idea that they're not doing that if they're in the middle of some fucking multi-trillion dollar investigation into rampant fraud. So they know that this is going on so they can't conspire. And then they also have to worry about people taking deals. So there's gonna be some people that squeal. Good point. And so then you don't know who's your fucking enemy and who's your friend. And everywhere you talk, you go to have a lunch with someone. He's wearing a fucking button camera.


Yep. You could be fucked. And so they're not united right now. Yeah. And this is why it's working. And this is why they're able to release all this information. And everybody's in this hot panic right now. Yeah. So they're squeezing, they're squeezing 'em. 'cause they, they have it all. And thank God for James O'Keefe too, man. He's, he's done some interesting stuff over the, He certainly has Over the years. You know, he, he like gets people to, it's amazing how many guys will open up when they think they're on a date with a hot chick or a hot guy, whichever, whichever one that happens to be. And like, oh yeah, oh yeah man, I'm doing all this. Yeah, we do. Oh, we don't care. We, we just hated Trump. And you know, it's like, whoa, these people, they need learned how, how to shut up.


I think he just got another video that he released today. Oh yeah. There was another video today about people going around the Doge system to try to like, still, still do the same work, Bro. There Well, there wasn't there, there was an issue with Season of Reveal Joe. Yeah. Wasn't there an issue with FEMA releasing? Is this True? No, they, well, so FEMA paid $59 million for illegal, illegal entrance into our country for them to stay at the Roosevelt Hotel, which is double the, the room rate. Have you ever stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel in Manhattan? I did way back in the day. And the Roosevelt Hotel, by the way, is owned by Pakistan. That's right. Yeah. And it was a dump. It was, everyone was smoking weed in their rooms.


I mean, I was there maybe 10 years ago, 11 years ago. I stayed at the Roosevelt Hotel. It was falling apart a little bit. It was, oh, it was very cheap, you know, right there on 42nd Street. Yeah. So they were paying double the room rate. But this wasn't, this isn't just in, in, in the United States here. This has been happening all over the world. Check this out is a gigantic scam. Four federal employees were fired Tuesday over payments. There You go. To reimburse New York City for hotel costs for migrants. There You go. Department of Homeland Security officials said the workers were accused of circumventing leadership to make the transactions, which have been standard for years through a program that helps with cost to care for a surge in migration. However, officials did not give details on how the four had violated any policies, but they, they put a freeze on the payments.


Oh, He said luxury hotels is kind of funny. Yeah. In quotes, the Roosevelt, so did they definitely do it. So the farm f So, so I, I, yeah. And wasn't Anderson Cooper disputing it? I don't dunno. He was saying yesterday, yeah, he was talking to Sun Nuno and he called him a dick, said, don't be a dick. Go To Chicago. All the hotels on on the Miracle Mile are all, all migrant hotels. Yeah. Because it was super good money. I mean, crazy. But that's everywhere in the world. Yeah. That's the same in Europe. A big hotel change. Like you can't get a hotel room because they've got migrants for double the price. Why wouldn't Say, well, this is also why something that the Biden administration lied about. 'cause they said the FEMA funds were not being used for this, but they were, I'm with President Trump that it's better, you know, when, when Helene happened, what happened there was really beautiful because every, everything fell down.


E even the own, you know, north Carolina's, their, their own state government. No one really was doing anything. And it was funny enough for the first time I've ever seen ham operators actually be successful. But, you know, the helicopter guys were all going out there. Everybody was pitching in. People were driving from all different states to come in and help people. I mean, I, I don't have a helicopter anymore, but I literally called up the airfield. I said, fill 'em up. Here's my credit card. Fill that one field. Just fill 'em up. Fill up until, you know, until this limit that I have, fill up the, fill up these, he, I know what it costs. You just burn a lot of money in a helicopter. This was, this is how America works.


It really works well when we help each other out in all kinds of circumstances. And we've become so reliant on the government, so reliant that, you know, uncle Sam is gonna come in and save us. And it turns out they're not really efficient at it. They're not really good at it. A lot of money gets stuck and flows to other places. We've gotta come back to loving our neighbor and, and knowing your neighbor. How many people don't even know their neighbor anymore. Right. This is critical. This is, and I think you have this, you know, when, when Clinton was president, everything changed in America, all of a sudden, oh, that's not sexual relations. Oh, You can do that to me, baby.


That's not actually sex. You know, all, all these kinds of things that sets a tone, it sets a cultural tone. And Trump is setting a cultural tone of let's get this done. Let's, let's stop getting ripped off by other people, by ourselves and let's be successful together. And it's a short amount of time. So I hope that, but Isn't it interesting that half the country doesn't see it that way? The Country than half sees it as a constitutional crisis? Well, that's just, that's just a term. It's not a, but it's Interesting. Constitutional, that's what's being top. FEMA official is fired over payments. New York City migrant shelters, Trump administration fired the federal emergency management agency's chief financial officer and three others after Elon Musk Misleadingly claimed the agency had used disaster relief funds for migrant services.


Wait a minute, is this New York Times? This Is just gonna be back and forth, back and forth forever Misleading. What is misleading about it? So let's Here, whatever Misleading New York City officials race to clarify that the federal money had been properly allocated by FEMA under President Biden last year. Adding that it was not a disaster relief grant and had not been spent on luxury hotels. Nonetheless, just two hours after Mr. Musk post FEMA's acting director Cameron Hamilton announced the payments in question have all been suspended, even though most of the money had already been dispersed. And that personnel will be held accountable. But is this a recent payment? And did they put a freeze on payments even if the payment had been properly allocated by Biden?


But I was reading as they just pulled the money out of bank accounts. Mm. Who did? It says Trump administration, Trump revokes $80 million from New York City after threat. I'm seeing this on multiple websites, but I don't Know. See, can you go the title there on Daily News? Oh, hold on a second. Popped up. You just had it there. That's right here too. Oh, Trump revokes, $80 million from New York City after threat to clawback. FEMA cash used to care for migrants, but it's still, it's still money to care for migrants. And they still put a freeze on that money to care for migrants. That's your constitutional crisis. Yeah. We're in a constitutional crisis because of what's happened to our country. But that's, that seems like gaslighting to justify spending $80 million to pay for migrants, which they shouldn't have done.


No. But it is not just that. It's fly these people there, fly them into the country, let them into the country, and then pay for them with EBT cards. With, with, Well, a lot of that debit cards was the economics. Yeah. I have a friend, former New York banker, and he said, we always win. As long as our population is growing, we will beat China long term because their population is declining. And he says, that's why the borders are open is because we need, you need, it's just like economics. You need more people. And with more people, your economy grows one way or the other. I Think it's a multifaceted argument. 'cause I think that's, I'm just telling you what the, what the bankers say. I Think there's some truth to that. But I think also they were trying to buy votes That, you know, I mean, all of that's a part of it.


I mean, Well you saw the thing in New York where they were trying to let people who are illegals vote in regional Election. Yes. Yeah. That's your constitutional crisis. Right? That, that Is a constitutional crisis. Here's the thing that I hope, and I'm working to make this happen. So we have great podcasts. You know, your, your podcast as we can't, not everybody can be a Joe Rogan. And we can't just all be looking at national news. What has happened at a local level is radio stations, you know, they all got bought up. They're all, you know, consolidated. No one has local programming anymore. There's almost no local newspapers, even local television stations, they're all going away.


Now is the time to create a podcast for your town. Your berg, your city, your community. Wasn't Gavin Newsom doing that Like right after the election? Didn't he start a podcast? Well, I don't know about Gavin Newso. That's not, I Think he did. I think that was their idea to try to combat a podcast like this. We don't need that. We need local voices. You know, All the advertising local been slurped up by, by Facebook. You know, that's where you advertise. I've started, I've started a local, local thing in Fredericksburg and people really love it. They lo Oh wait a minute, there's something going on in Fredericksburg and all they have is Fredericksburg rant and raves on a Facebook page.


Well, you imagine, what a mess that thing is. It is crazy. That's no good ransom right now. That's no good. And so I'm actually, I started a thing called God caster fm and it's, it's tailored towards helping radio stations do this. But I think churches are content factories and they're not just all talking about Jesus and God. They're doing stuff in the community. That's what, that's what churches used to do. You know, and they're doing stuff at the high schools and you got kids in there. And I want a thousand podcasts, you know, within a year all over America of local people. And it's so easy to do now. It's become so possible. And I think that local communities will even sponsor it.


That's the next level. That's my phase two. That's the next level we have to get to is where people just get a microphone. Talk to your city council person. You know, it's, this is nuts. All, all it is is national news presented by heads on television and who needs that nonsense. Right. You know, you're an, you're an exception and you're really important, but we need to have this at a local level. And it's never been a better, you wanna start a podcast and be able to actually make a living out of it in your local community. I guarantee people will support it. I guarantee people will want to be a part of it. And I hope that that happens. That's, that's what I'm dedicating myself to now. That's Awesome. Getting these local pod hyperlocal podcasts.


That's a great idea. Hyperlocal. Yeah. I think what you're saying is all of it's hopeful, right? Yeah. I'm very hopeful, Joe. Of course. Yeah, it is. Of course. Which is great. I mean, 'cause being cynical kind of sucks, you know, especially when this really is a very unique time of possibility. There's a lot, a lot of things are happening right now. Yeah. It's a perfect time. And it also feels like even to the people that didn't want what Donald Trump is doing, the idea to keep going with what was happening before where you had someone running for president that never went through the primary, You know, that was constitutional crisis. That's real constitu there. Yeah, Of course. The soft coup, Of course against Biden, all that it, that should disturb you.


That that didn't. Well, it should be good that that didn't work. 'cause that's not good for anybody. Yeah. Because if they can keep doing it that way, then you never have a primary again. Well, primaries Of course, are up to the party. It's not necessarily a constitutional thing, but that should tell a Democrat, people who vote Democrat and are part of, I've never been a part of a party. I'm not that interested. I vote for people. But that should tell them something like, yeah, there's something bad going on here. You know? Yeah. There's some shenanigans going on. They could have had a primary, Like what was it like in DC when you went for the inauguration? Was it just like, show business for ugly people? There were a million people all over the place. Just A million people all over the place. It Past. Was it nuts? It was nuts. It was weird. Weird. You know, I did a lot.


Yeah. Very weird. Because you go into, I went to a lot of these things. I went to a few of these things, like these dinners, the balls and stuff. Balls. Yeah. Yeah. And it's a lot of people that donated a lot of money. And so the, it's very transactional and everybody's hyper aggressive to get photographs and talk to people and they, they Oh no. Interject themselves into conversations, interrupt, stand right in front of people that you're talking to and Oh yeah. Want pictures and want to introduce themselves. And it's, it's very entitled and very transactional. And, but I think that's always been the nature of politics. Sure. Particularly when people, the reason why they were there is 'cause they donated a substantial amount of money. A million million bucks of popping Good to go. Yeah. Which is nuts. Like how much, how did this, many people have a million dollars to donate?


This is crazy. Amazing. Isn't it amazing? A lot of people got a million bucks. It's like, I know it, it's strange. It's saying USA id money. I don't know what it is, But it's, it's, well, there are a lot of successful people in in the world who have that, who couldn't access that kind of cash, but, wow. Yeah. But there's A lot of hope. It was a very positive, obviously, 'cause the winners were all there. Yeah. But it was, it was a very optimistic vibe, which felt good. And even the speech when he gave his inauguration speech, I mean, that was pretty fucking wild. I love the, I love the black pastor from Detroit. Yeah. He was channeling MLK. He was just like going crazy. Yeah. It was a, what? You were sitting maybe like five rows behind Hillary Clinton.


Did you smell sulfur? I Smelled Everything I saw Bill, I made eye contact with Bill. Me and Bill staring at each other for a while. He's, he's Larger than life, even though he is kind of fr frail now. I mean, he still is. It's an imposing guy. It's, they're In the room with you. Yeah. You know, it's like they're, it's a different kind of a celebrity. Was this like, I remember when I went to see the Rolling Stones at Coda, I was, was blown away. I'm like, Mick J is right there. Yeah. Like, that's actually him. And he's gets but no lip And he's this big, his butt's that that boy, he, he's a stick. Yeah. But it's, it's crazy. He's right. He, you know, he has two trailers that he brings with him that are just a gym. Oh. Doesn't surprise me. Two Of his trailer, he works out every day.


What Is he like? 78? He's a thousand years old. And he had a open heart surgery. Yeah. And all open heart. Like recently. Yeah. Yeah. Like recently had heart surgery. Yeah's an amazing guy. Really, truly is Just fucking loves it, man. And they put on a fucking hell of a show. But my point is like, that's one of those things you're like, I can't believe that's really him. And that's what it's like when you're like looking over there and you're like, holy shit. That's George W. Bush. Now do you think it was the Real Biden or the Daddy Long Legs Biden? I think it was the real one. Okay. I think because You've seen the Daddy Long Legs guy, Right? Yeah. He wasn't too tall. Yeah. Yeah. It was like that one guy was nuts and he's Jogging to the helicopter. I'm like, Yeah. Nuts. Like, I wanna know the story about that. Like, is that, is there any paperwork on who that guy actually was?


I'd love to. That was not Joe Biden. That's a guy with a mask on The mask. Things are real, real. I, I can tell you, I can tell you this from family TikTok, from Family Experience. You can see Them online. Oh, from Family Experience? Yes. Yeah. In 1967, let's just leave the family members out of it. But someone brought home a colleague from work and the colleague had dinner and had coffee. And then at Dessert, the wife was sitting there, had been talking to this person, and then this colleague took off his mask. And it was someone who the wife knew extremely well and had no idea. 1967. Whoa.


So imagine what they can do Now, the stuff that, that CIA liked lady shows on the YouTube video. Yeah. That's, I think that's just old. I mean, it's amazing. 67, that stuff already existed and worked. How Come they couldn't get somebody Biden's height? You know, that's, Tina says that too. I said, you know, they just didn't care at that point. Just like they needed someone who had his cadence, which I think is harder to do, to, to be kind of, you know, like that stumbling, bumbling also, Like how many people do you bring this to? Like, you know, And what Is that guy doing now? He needs a podcast. Right? That Guy's dead. I mean, he's got, He's got No, that guy's the bottom of the ocean. What Gig does he Have now? They took that guy fishing. I hope not. But it's, it's possible. Yeah. So there's, who knows?


There's a lot of that going on. I mean, we've spotted throughout the years, Hillary Clinton had, I know she had a double, And it was actually women who noticed it. Like, she's carrying her handbag on the other shoulder. Ooh. It's like, no woman switches that up. That never happens. And you look at her like, yeah, she does look a little different. But it's also, isn't that a mind fuck though? 'cause then you start looking at everybody. Like, that's not the real one, are you Joe Rogan? Yeah. Who's It? What happened? Who is it? Yeah, It's, it's pretty crazy stuff. It's, I hope, I hope some of that comes out too. You know, it would be great to know these things. I Mean, it would, it would be great to stop lying. Yeah, yeah. Basically stop lying. Basically. Basically, you should not have a fake, I mean, is there some sort of national security explanation that you could give for why you would have to have a fake president?


Well, I mean, holy moly, have you ever seen the Kevin Klein movie, right? Yeah. I mean, there it is. Wa the Dog. There's your, was it No, no. Wa The Dog. Dave. Dave Da Dave. Yeah, Dave. Right, right, right. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I mean, sure. I mean, this, this happens All the time. These things. Bizarre. Yeah. And who knows, You know? But again, season of Reveal, we're learning things. We won't learn everything, but we will become a lot wiser. I'm, I'm convinced of it and I'm excited. I am 60 years old and super excited and very bullish on the future, particularly of the United States. And I'm seeing the influence we're having in Europe. I'm seeing it.


People like, we don't want this. And it's tougher for them. Like the uk they don't really have a First Amendment like we do. Right. So like, you hurt someone's feelings on Facebook, you going to jail. I mean, so they, they got a lot of work to do. But, You know, I think Germany has a shot. You know, I think the Netherlands has Heed vs. France are really pushing back hard on, on Lapan and, and Right. Winging people. Victor Orban and Hungary. I mean, there's, there's a, there's at a certain point the people will just not take it anymore and it could get ugly over there. But they, people are people. I mean, we've had revolutions ourselves. We've been pretty good at it. Yeah. You know, Of course we got guns, you know, that was a smart move.


Founders. Yeah. Smart Move. First and Second Amendment. We're Both, the Second Amendment is there to protect the first, as far as I'm concerned, you know, and I, I am, I'm bullish. I really am. I'm excited, Joe. I am too. Oh, good. All right. Good. Well, Thank you, brother. It's always great to sit with you, Joe. I Thanks for starting this whole thing. No, brother, Thank you so much. Thank you for what you do, brother. Thank you Jamie. Appreciate you guys so much. All right.


Tell everybody where they could watch. No agenda. No agenda show.net. You can, you can't watch it. It's only a podcast. It's on. Listen, listen. Yeah. Only listen, listen to Yeah. Only listen, we are too ugly. We don't want, we don't, we don't want you to look at us and get it and get it on a modern podcast app@podcastapps.com. That's so you won't you, we won't disappear overnight from Apple or some other platform. That's what you want.


Thank You brother, brother.