
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright, we're up and rolling. Magnus Carlsen. Ladies, gentlemen, you want some coffee? No. Oh, this is Water. We tell Jeff to bring in the coffee. Forgot to bring in the coffee. No, no. I, I'm good With water, but I need coffee. I'm gonna keep up with you, buddy. And Of course, Tony IFF is here, who's a, a gigantic chess fan and just creamed his pants yesterday when I told him you were coming in, and then immediately I said, you gotta come with me. And so Tony's here as well. It's an honor to meet you, man. I'm I I I'm always fascinated by people that are at the top of something that's insanely difficult like chess.


And I'm always wondering like, how much time is involved, how much, how often do you play? And when, when did you start? How old were you when you first started playing? I think my dad, my dad is an avid chess player, so I think he taught, thought that I might have some talent. So he thought he taught me pretty early at, around five years old. But at that time I wasn't that interested. I was mostly into Legos and I was into maths and like sports stats and I had my little flag book with all, All the countries in the world, their flags and their inhabitants and area and everything. And I sort of, that, that's what I did generally just taking in All the, All the stats that I could also with, with sports reading and sports section every day.


And I didn't find chess that fun a couple years later. My older sister's a year and a half older than me, she had, she did a lot of chess with, with my dad. I started sitting in on them a bit and I, I started liking it. I really, really wanted to beat my sister as well at generally everything. And yeah, from there on, it really just became, became my thing. And it's, you know, been my main hobby and eventually work as well since Yeah, Obviously. Yeah, it's fun. It's so funny though, a spark, a competitive spark with your sister is really what ignited you to get going with it.


Yeah, the the funny thing is like, she's not competitive at all. So she hated the fact that I, like, I wanted to play, especially when I, I, I realized that I could beat her and she, she, she liked chess, but she stopped for, for a while and only started when I had become like, good enough that there wasn't a competition. So it turned like, like my dad was right after all. I just needed, I just needed that, that extra push. Yeah. What a, what a call. I think you've got some talent. What a call. I mean, Grandmaster at 12, was it 13? So actually the, the record is, the record is 12. But most kids these days, honestly, they, they start so early.


I was at a tournament in India a few months ago and there's this guy who's like a 1600 rated player and he's three years old. And like I, I'm seeing, I'm seeing the, I'm seeing the games, like they're actually, they're actually decent. And yeah, now there, there's this one kid from Argentina, like they call him the messy of chess, who's gonna become a grandmaster soon. I think he's, he's only 10. So they're, they're really, really playing early these days. But it's, it's, it's good to see though, because like information is so easily accessible these days. Like it takes a lot shorter time to, to get, to get good at something.


Well, it seems like now chess because of social media and it's like everything else, it's kind of exploding 'cause there's so many fascinating videos out. And then Of course there was like the big controversy with that young man who you believe is a big old cheater. That guy, I, I need to know the anal beads thing. Is that a legitimate theory? So it actually started in one of my friend's streamer channel that like one random guy said, made, made a comment about anal beads, and he was, and he was like, ah, yeah, maybe. And then I think it, it became, it started taking the rounds in Reddit and then Elon saw it tweeted about it, and then obviously it blew up.


I I actually spoke to, i, i, I think it was Mark, mark Andreessen who said like, that would be one way to do it. Yes. But I really, really, really don't believe that that has happened. Like, I think it has no, no connection to reality, but it just became, it's a thing of its own. So unfortunately this young man, we, we'll explain the anal beads thing, but this, this young man is a very talented player, but does, has have a history of some shenanigans. Correct. And even admitted that he did a little bit of cheating in order to move his rating higher so he could play better players.


Yeah, I mean he, he's not admitted to nearly the extent of, of his, of his cheating, but if you sort of, if you sort of take what, what chess.com say then yeah, his, he cheated a bunch online in, in a certain period of time, partly in tournaments, but mostly in, in casual games as, as he set himself to, to sort of get himself up the standings and play the best players in the world. But he is a very good player. I think he has become a good, very good player. Yeah. Interesting. Okay. So what made you convinced that he was cheating in that particular game?


And by what method do you think he could possibly have been doing this? Could you hear something? Was it like burnt? You were hearing vibrations? You see his, his seed shift? Yeah. Smelling something. There's a wave of something in the air. Yeah, I mean that would've been, would've been the smoking gun, I suppose. But I think it, there was a combination of, of things though, based on, you know, the chess level that I, that I thought that he, he had and that I'd seen from, from his game, both playing against him analyzing a little with him and looking at his, at his other games.


There were a lot of stories back then. The thing is also, there's, there's Netflix documentary coming in a few months that sort of ex where I'm telling my side of the story. So I like, I kind of go too deep into, into everything. But what I can say was that there were, there were a lot of factors that made me very, very suspicious. And I think ever since then he has become better.


But there's some still something, there's still something off both then and, and now. But Yeah, that's so fascinating that as an elite chess player, you'd be able to recognize that something is happening that's outside of his capabilities. Again, I'm not ruling out the factor that chess players are becoming more and more paranoid because we do have chess engines that basically have perfect chess, right? Like anybody with their, their phone can, as I think Elon tweeted to, to Gary once, like my iPhone can be to at chess, which is, which is which is the truth.


And this means that, you know, anybody having access to information, it's, it's incredibly, it's incredibly dangerous. And I think top level chess has been a lot based on, on trust. And whenever you have outsiders whom there are these stories about everybody gets a bit, a bit jittery there, there's like people who either, like they burst onto the scene, then they, then they establish themselves and people, people know that they're legit and so on. It's, it's not, it's not a problem with, with him specifically, I don't know.


It it was, It is just, it doesn't seem to be playing or it didn't at that point seem to be playing with, with a, a particular style. It seemed that he either played kind of, eh, or he just more or less played any position very well in, in certain games. Like he could just switch from tactical to positional play very easily. And it was, yeah, it, it didn't, didn't smell good to me. It still, it still doesn't. But you know, to some extent, like he, he had his, he had his lawsuit.


We've all kind of moved a little bit on, I think, I don't trust him. A lot of other top players still don't trust him. He certainly doesn't, doesn't trust me. Or chess.com or, or whomever he felt wronged by. But it's fine. The problem is like, once someone admits that they cheated a game, especially a game that has a lot of trust in it, like chess, you're always going to think like, is he cheating now? Always. But the question is like, what method? Like what, what do people do? So if you're sitting there, you have no phone, your pockets are empty.


Like what could you be doing that could possibly be aiding you? Well, first of all, like an invisible air piece that people use for exams and so on. Like, So, but he would have to have a partner. Yeah, he he would, yeah. Yeah. That would not have been detected by the security system that they, they used at that tournament. They amped up the security after the whole thing happened. They check your Ears. Yeah. They, they start checking their, our ears and then, you know, we had a live tournament in, in Paris last year where I played him where there was proper security where all of these things would be picked up and he didn't, like, he didn't play to nearly the same, to nearly the same level there.


So I think I, I, well I'm not an expert in all of that, but that's what I've heard from people, that that's like the most obvious thing that it could have, that someone could have done. And it wouldn't be really that hard to pull off considering the kind of security we have at, at chess tournaments. And this tournament had like a little bit of security, a lot of them, like open tournaments, people are like wandering in and out of the playing hall. There are people in the playing hall like spectators with their, with their smartphones on and taking pictures or, or whatever, like going in and out.


Like they could make signals. It's, it's, yeah, it, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's hard. It's, it's a big problem in chess for sure. Yeah. The an so the anal beads thing for people don't know what we're talking about. The, the theory was that he had vibrating anal beads that would somehow or another, through some sort of code, explain to him the moves. And I've thought about this for a lot longer than I care to admit. Like, what, what kind of code are you getting from inside your butt that you are like, okay, I got it. Well, it would be like, you know, C four or whatever, like it could tell you. But, but how Would it fit in your Butt though? Well, I mean, it's morse code. I'd have to show you.


Luckily I brought one. Yeah. For summing right now? No, it would be like, it would, it would buzz, right? It would buzz the letters and then the numbers that would indicate where you would move and there would only be a piece or two. So Like the first three vibrations would be letter C and then, yeah. Okay. Yeah. It is just a sort of techn technological version of ways people have cheated before. There was a scandal back in 2010 where the captain of the French team was helping one of his, one of the French players by cheating. He was basically just standing in certain spots around the table to tell him where to wow, where to move.


Oh Wow. That's Crazy. Oh wow. Dirty people out there. It Is Wild. Well, it's such a competitive thing. Whenever you have competitive things, you always have people that just wanna win at any cost, right? Yeah. It, it's also funny that one of his teammates from that tournament worked with me for a long time and he told me like, this guy was like going out every night, not taking the tournament seriously at all. But he, yeah, he had a good reason. Like he knew he was gonna, he's faring, he knew he was gonna win. That's hilarious. Yeah. So that, is that the most egregious form of cheating that you've ever seen or heard of? No, I, I, I actually played an open tournament in Denmark about 20 years ago where there was a guy who was playing grandmaster in the first round, like this was not a very good player and he was, he came drunk to the table and just literally pulled out his phone and opened open the chess program.


But Of course like he was immediately so that, that wasn't, Of course nearly as as nefarious, but yeah, That's just a moron. Yeah. Yeah. He was just, yeah, probably some other, some other issues there. There's just such a, it, it is such a fascinating game because it's impossible to play if you're dumb. Like there's games that you could just be a savant, like an idiot savant. But chess is like, it's the most impressive thing for people to be unbelievably good at. I, I don't know, I think you can be, I think you can be dumb and be like fairly good at, at chess.


I think it, it like some intelligence certainly certainly helps, but after all, you, a lot of chess is about learning patterns, right? And basically anybody can, can do that. So like applying them at a higher level, learning how to evaluate and so on, that sort of is what sets the, the really the best players apart from, from merely good players. But I, I feel like anybody could come become quite decent at, at the game. But I do love the fact that, you know, there are no coincidences. Like there are no outside factors. Well, if you, if you don't talk other, other than cheating Of course, but it's just, yeah, you are either outsmarting your opponent or you're getting outsmarted.


So for a guy like you that excels above all, what is the difference in your preparation? Is it just simply who, who you are as a person you think? Or is it something about the difference in your preparation without giving away any secrets? Obviously I'm like known a little in the chess world for being like a little bit lazy. I think the, the thing is that I, can I pause you there? What, what? Yeah, Yeah. What do you mean lazy? Like how is that possible? No, the thing is like, I've never been the kind of person who wakes up in the morning, works six, seven hours and, and just like a normal, a normal job.


And then, because a lot of them study computers. Yeah, exactly. Like I've, I think about the game All the time. Like I play online, I, I look at, I look at games, I mean, read some read. Do you ever play anonymously? I used to do that All the time. What a bloodbath that must be. Yeah. But, but I think I got humbled one time by this Russian grandmaster who asked, somebody else asked me like if a certain account and a certain website was me. And I was like, yeah, I don't know, like, I don't know who that is.


And this guy went like, yes, that is you. And he listed up like five other accounts that I thought nobody knew about that. Oh wow. That were, that were also me. How do you know by the way you play? Yeah, I think it's, it's, it's playing strength playing style because I, I try to switch up my openings on different accounts to not make it obvious that it's, it's me. And I have like a style where I switch that up a lot, so it makes it a bit easier. But I think you could just tell by, by the playing style. So That is crazy. These, These days I just, I play with my, my own name. I like, I'm, I don't really care about that anymore.


Yeah. So do most professional players study chess all day long? At the highest level? I think, I think quite a few. Do I, I mean, I don't know like people's day-to-day activities. So you Guys don't talk about it? Not that much. The people that I've worked with, they certainly study chess a lot, but others, I'm, I'm not quite sure. The thing is that chess is always like, still been a bit of a hobby for me that once it start starts to feel like work, then it's, it's, it's, it's harder for me.


I had a, I had a chess coach when I was, when I was little. I, I went to have sessions once a week, which I loved. And then he started giving me homework and I, yeah, I I I told him like quickly, like I, yeah, I don't, I don't like, I don't like homework, but I would, but I would still spend a lot of time like reading books, playing online. This the things that I still do. But I would do them for fun and, and that was the difference between me and the other kids is that they would go to chess practice, they would maybe even do their homework, but they weren't living and breathing sort of the game that, that in the way that I was like, I think about it All the time.


Like I'm thinking about the game while I'm sitting on, on this chair. Like I'm still analyzing a game that I played today. Like it never goes completely out of, out of my mind. And I think a lot of very good chess players do that, but like casual chess players, no, Of course. So maybe the thing is discipline versus enthusiasm. Enthusiasm causes obsession and enjoyment, which probably leads to better retention of information, whereas just pure discipline for the sake of like, I have to do the work in order to get better. You're missing this enjoyment, you're missing this enthusiasm for it that you have managed to, although absorbing so much information and playing All the time, you've managed to keep it playful and fun.


I think. So I think this is definitely the way that works for me. Maybe for others. I, I think for anybody, like if you want to be great at something, you have to be obsessed with it. Yes. And yeah, it has to come from, it has to come from within. Like nobody can, yeah. Maybe in, in certain, in certain sports You can get, You can get that good purely by very, very targeted practice and a lot of, a lot of hours. But yeah, I, I think for me it, it is just the way that it is. Just the way that it, that it works. And I do like process the, even though like I don't, I don't necessarily study, like I don't, don't deliberately practice All the time.


I still process the information. So it's still whatever, whatever the method is, it certainly works. But it's interesting because you've been able to excel above so many and it, it makes me wonder like what I always am fascinated by someone, whether it's a tiger woods or whether whatever the, the athlete is or whatever the, the game they play, what separates the very best from everyone else. Like I know in martial arts there's a series of factors that have to do with genetics, training coaches, sparring partners, and then ultimately discipline and drive. But with chess, it's all mental, is it physical, has nothing to do with it.


So do you think it's a genetic thing? Do you think you have a unique mind for chess? Is it, do you think it's this balance that you keep with enthusiasm and obsession? Like what do you think separates you from everyone else? I think it has to be a, a variety of factors. I think there's no doubt that I am incredibly naturally gifted at the game. Like otherwise I wouldn't have come, come this far. And my, my dad is incredibly good with, with numbers. He started playing chess quite late, but became but but became decent. Like my mother was quite smart and my my sisters are very intelligent too.


So like it's clear that, you know, there are some good, good genes. And I just, You know, I happened to find also an environment early on where I lived near Oslo, which had the, probably the best Chester environment there was in, in Norway at the very least. Where there were, I had access to, to coaches and I had access to like a little training group of, of other ambitious kids after that. You know, I think the most important thing that I've, that I've done is that I haven't really listened to people who want me to do things like a certain way because that's the way things have always been done, especially with the Soviet chess school that was the dominant one for, for so many years.


So I've always sort of gone my own way, tried to have as much fun, everything has to be about enjoyment and yeah, I, I I cannot tell you why, but I just like understand the game better, better than the others. Like I, I, I don't calculate necessarily as far as the other, but my intuition, like for short lines, constantly evaluating is, is just, is just better. It's just, it, it's always just such an interesting thing to analyze like high performers, you know? And just to wonder like what it is that separates high performers.


When you say your father started playing late, how old was he? Oh, I think he started playing about 14, 14, 15, something like that. I i in, in chess. That's that's very, but he never, he never like took it, took it seriously enough, right, right. That he wanted to like he he pursued it, but As a hobby. As as a hobby. Yeah. Well You, when you say take it seriously, you mean like you do? Yeah. Right. What, this is what makes me think about epigenetics. Like I, we, we still don't exactly know how much information is transferred between parents to children. And it seems like there's a lot of talents, whether it's like singing talent or sports talent that you have to wonder like is that coming from genes or is that coming from the environment which this child grows up, which this person or is it a combination of all those factors?


Like, I wonder if someone gets really, a very intelligent person, gets very good at chess early on, I wonder if some information or some proclivity for the game gets transferred. I, I think the reaction in, in the chess community, at least with certain people, was more along the lines of how could such a lousy player have such a good son at chess with, with my dad. And the, the fact is as, as well that I, there are practically no, there, there are many couples of, you know, like both mother and father are grandmasters in chess, but I don't think any of them have had sons or daughters that are grandmaster.


So Oh, interesting. Where, whereas you see anywhere like in the NBA or the NHL or in football or wherever, like it happens All the time. So I, I don't, I cannot say exactly why that is, but it does suggest that, you know, it's not a given, at least with genetics, that you're, that your children are, are gonna something thing. I have an ultimate theory for that. I wonder if you're a child and your parents are absolutely obsessed with the game, if it's annoying and, and you're like, fuck this game. Like, I want to go play in the park and my parents don't even pay attention to me. This is bullshit. Right. You know, like, like there's a lot of children of alcoholics that will not drink.


Yeah. They won't even try it 'cause they've seen the effects of it. I wonder that if it's like, you see, 'cause chess is an obsessive game. Like I remember when Howard Stern was playing it, and I would listen to him talk about it on the radio and about how he started hiring a coach and he was playing All the time and he's improving his rating this. And I was like, oh, this is eating up your mind. Like it's a game that gets in your bones. It, it really does because like the entry is not so easy, right? Like, you don't like just get it immediately and you, you don't necessarily get enjoyment out of it immediately as you start to play, you have to spend, you have to spend time on it. And then I think when you're trying to do something hard, then it becomes much more rewarding and it becomes, it's easier for that to become an obsession when when it, you, you start to get that reward.


So the good thing about that controversy with cheating was that I think it elevated the profile of chess because it became mainstream news. It was like a, a big issue. Do like, I think there was a positive aspect of it in terms of the publicity of the game. Do you, do you agree with that? Oh yeah, for sure. I I think for, for any, for, you know, for any field of that's trying to, to achieve something, you know, with, with publicity, there's always going to be a little bit of, of a negative with what exactly we're, we're connected with, right? Because this is, everybody knows chess and cheating.


But overall, I think it's been, it's been massively, massively positive. You know, hopefully the, the Netflix thing going, coming up in a year, even though, like, can you Explain it to people? What's Netflix names? Yeah, it's, it's a not Netflix untold documentary. So basically it's a series of sports documentaries and they're doing that. It's not something that I like wanted to necessarily be, be part of, but I do recognize the fact that these things raised the profile of, of, of the game. And, and you see now, like every everywhere people, people like it, chess is showing up in people's algorithms on YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, everywhere.


So it's just like much more in the, in the Zeit guide than it used to be. Yeah. It's it's certainly shown up on mine. It shows up on mine. All the yours, right? Oh yeah. But you've always been a giant chess fan. Well, it's actually a newer thing, but when I, when I got into it, it was just everything. Now it's what I do right before bed. I fall asleep. Usually I fall asleep during actual games online on my phone. You're driving him crazy. Yeah, I'm How how could that, like how could that happen? I'm exhausted. What do you do when you wake up? Oh, that's, that's, yeah, no, that's total opposite. You wake Up and you lost coffee. Yeah, no, i, I wake up and I look at the board and it said, you resigned because I went over my time or whatever.


Yeah. I ran, just ran outta time. How Many times have you resigned? It happens in embarrassing a lot amount. It's how I fall asleep now is playing chess. But what you will appreciate is that when I fall asleep playing chess, like when I fall asleep, I'm still playing the game in my dream sometimes. And sometimes the game will go all night and it'll be like this never ending game and pieces will pop back up that have already gone. That, that sounds amazing. Like I would, like, obviously that would never happen to me. Like I, I, I like, I like, You know, I like to play a game of chess on my, on my, my phone or my iPad whenever I have some Yeah. When I, I have some time, especially like if I know that I have 15 minutes or whatever, and then if something comes up, like my wife tells me like, I have to be somewhere, I have to do something.


It's like, can you just finish the game? I'm like, no, I cannot resign the camera. Right. What are you talking about? Yeah. Yeah. Obviously that's different though. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can't just resign. That's, no, you gotta ride that pitch out. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Zero Day, a new Netflix limited series. This conspiracy thriller is about a devastating cyber attack that downs America's infrastructure. Take a listen, Thousands died on zero date. Congress is authorizing a special zero date commission. You're just gonna grab people off the streets without warrant. Actually you are, I run this investigation, not the White House, not the CIA. If the public finds out how deep this really is, I don't think we survive. Robert De Niro is absolutely legendary in his first TV series, and you don't really know if he's the good guy or the bad guy. Till the end. Zero Day has an incredible supporting cast, including Angela Bessette, Jesse Clemens, Lizzie Kaplan, and Connie Brit Zero Day is now playing only on Netflix.


Yeah, that would be like psychologically torturous, right? Yeah. Especially if it's, if, especially if I'm playing somebody whom I'm, who is a little bit of a rival, but it's like, yeah, no. Right. That's not gonna, that's not gonna happen. No Chance. I Mean, because like every time like I lose games, they, it's, it's a little bit of a story, right? Yeah. In, in the chess world. So I preferred to happen as, as seldom as as possible. I played a little bit of chess when I was young, but I, I never really got into it. But my real introduction where I got fascinated with chess was actually at a pool hall because people in the pool hall would play chess sometimes, but there was this one guy who went to jail and in jail he learned how to play chess with his head in his, in his mind.


And then there was a young kid who was a grandmaster who was like 16, 17 years old, somewhere around that really, really good chess player who kind of like lost his way and started hanging around in pool halls and gambling and being a weirdo. And I watched these two guys play chess with just words. And I was like, what are you doing? Like, what? I was like, I think I was 22 or 23 at the time. And I was like, what are you doing? And they were explaining to me that they're playing chess, memorizing the board in their head. And I'm like, that's fucking crazy. And then I saw a video of you blindfolded playing. How many people, how many, how many people did you play?


What was the most people you've ever played? Blindfolded. I Think I've played 12, but the World record is something like 50. It's, that's that's crazy. 12, you've played 12 people blindfolded. Yeah. For me that's, as long as people are, the people I'm playing are kind of decent at chess, that actually kind of make, that makes it easier because it's easier to store the games when I recognize the patterns and so on, when people start making weird moves that I cannot really recognize. So you are, oh, so this, this is another one actually, this is a blindfold timed symbol. Like there are fewer games, but what's difficult about these is that the moves do not come to me in a sequence.


So like the presenter will tell me on Boo onboard, two E takes D five and then all of a sudden onboard one E six and then onboard onboard two again and so on. So that, that makes a bit Oh, so you have to jump back and forth. So in the other games there's a sequence where the player, even though if they know what move they're gonna take, they must wait until they turn ex. Exactly. That's kind of the normal way of playing a, playing a simul. I think the last time that I played a proper Blindfold simul was at an event in Vienna back in i, I think 2015. And then I had some very nice but spicy Chinese food before the game.


I, I sat down and like my stomach was acting up. I couldn't think. So I, I, I played for 10 minutes. I realized that I cannot do this. I, like, I ran away for, for 15 minutes and then I came back and I, I finished, I finished the game. But ever, ever since that it feels like I've, like, I've done it, but it, and now it just seems incredibly, incredibly hard to, to do again. But Do you prepare when you're doing something like this, when you're getting ready to do a blindfolded multi game thing? No, not really, because it's like, if, if my mind is on, then it's really not that hard.


I feel. So no, I, the, the preparation that I do is right there. I see my, my opponents, so like I sign a certain face to a certain seat, like a certain number and, and so on. So that's just about what, what I, what I do. So you assign their face and you think of their face as they're playing? Yeah, yeah. Face like number one, it's that position, right? Yeah. And so on. And Are you, what do you seeing in your mind when you're envisioning the, the table, when you're, when you're looking at the board, are you, are, are you merely thinking of positions?


Are you actually thinking of the pieces? Like how are you breaking it down? No, I just see the chess board in my head. Just see it completely like 3D chess board in your head. Yeah. So it's, and then when I'm playing a simul, I just really think about one at a time and I, I kind of store the others away and, But that's so crazy. Like when you're five, six moves in and you're thinking of all these pieces moving around and you've got it rec remembered, you've completely memorized each position of 12 different boards. Yeah. So, so like the difficult, difficult part of it that where things sometimes go wrong is that, so generally I remember All the games that I've played, but I don't remember every move.


I remember like the in broad strokes what happened, and this is what can happen in these Blindfold games as well. Sometimes, like I, I can remember everything that's going on, but maybe there's a pawn on the side that I cannot remember if it moved one square or not. That's the thing that can be, that can be a diff difficult. And I, I do, we used to have these blindfold like professional tournaments actually that used to be like both fun but also totally exhausting. And then we would play on, on a computer. So we'd have like a blank, like a blank chessboard where we would just click from one square to another and then whenever your opponent moved there, moved would, would pop up on, on the screen.


And I've had, and also the software will will tell you if you're making an illegal move. So I've had people like lose track and then you see them just clicking phonetically trying to figure out what the position was. Like. There was one guy who I played, like, he thought his rope was on a certain file, and if it was on that file, he would be able to save a draw. So I think he tried every single rook move on that file hoping that the rook was there. But like, obviously I knew that, that it, that it wasn't. But yeah, overall I feel like honestly like blindfold chess is, is a bit of a party trick in the sense that for the very top players, it's not that hard.


But obviously for non like serious chess players, it seems, it seems incredibly, incredibly hard. But I I I'm, I'm, I'm sure that for instance, like solving Ruby's cube is really, really easy for those who, who know how to do it quickly, right? Yeah. But it still looks incredibly impressive for, for outsiders. Have you seen they used a computer with AI to do a Rubik's Cube in less than a second? No, I didn't see that. Oh, wow. Yeah. See if you can find it, Jamie. It's crazy. It just goes p and just spins it. I've Never figured that shit out. That's crazy. It's a, there's a, a sequence of moves. If you follow a sequence of moves, you can actually get it to do it automatically, huh?


Yeah. Someone explained it to me once and they did it and I was like, what? I don't remember what it was 'cause I don't give a fuck. Yeah. It was just like eight, eight times this way, eight times that way. Eight times this time you just keep doing it and then eventually it'll be all flattened out at a certain point in time. Wow. Yeah. But this computer does it like You do Rubik Cube too. No, no, no, no. I am, I'm talking outta my ass. Like, I know, I think the world record is only like three seconds or something. Like, it's, it's something absolutely insane. Imagine the time you could have spent building a business, raising a family. We might the fucking world record Rubies. Cute guy, All the same color. Yeah.


It's green, red, So dumb. Yeah. Well, we, we all have to hear, spend our Time. Watch this, watch this computer do it. Wow. How crazy is that? Ready? Wait, go. Yeah. Less than a second. Wow. That is crazy. Show it again in real time. So give up kids, give up, give up the computer. Figured it out. That's, that's a dumb game. But do you play other games as well? No, not that, not that much.


My parents sort of brainwashed me when, when I was young into thinking that computer games are no fun and really, yeah, yeah, yeah. But you are a grown man now you've realized that's a lie. Yeah. Yeah. I, I have, but it's still, I can see you call of duty fucking people up with headphones on. The thing is, like, the thing is like, I actually got a, I I got a PlayStation recently, but like my, my wife is playing GTA and all of these FPS games and I'm like playing some, you know, chill FIFA or something. So, but, but the thing about that is that I didn't really spend that much time on those, those things when I was, I was little, which I think was a good thing.


Like I was doing, I was doing some sports and I was doing a lot of, lot of chess, not so much school, but I, I, I kind of found time for, for everything else. And I think, I think it was an important part of my chess education as well, that I think some of the kids today are, are missing. That I actually learned chess on a physical board. I was able to practice from a fairly young age playing online, but I wasn't allowed to use the computer for more than a couple of hours a week. Right. So I had to spend them really well playing chess. Otherwise I would just sit there with, with my board, with my books And, you know, try and figure things out.


Yeah. The the thing about video games is the narrative was always video games are a huge waste of time. And if you do it, you're not going to get anywhere in life. The problem with that is now people make a lot of money playing video games, and they've also shown that there's some, there's some benefits from video games that leak over into other things. Like for instance, they found out that surgeons who play video games regularly make, what is it, like 25% less errors? It was 37%, 37% less errors. Wow. That's a, like I would feel like if there was a factor in medical school and they said, well, if you do not do this, you'll make 37% more mistakes.


They would force you to engage in that. Whatever it is. It's like whatever, whatever particular discipline that was. Like, if you wanna be a surgeon, you must do this. I would say if you wanna be a surgeon, you should fucking play video games because these people are 37% less likely to screw up a, an operation. That's why I'm not a surgeon, But I'm saying it's like video games are not necessarily a waste of time. And they've also shown there's cognitive benefits that can be gotten from playing video games on a regular basis. Things that, which does make sense, but it just, it seems like a frivolous pursuit. Whereas chess is like a noble and very respected pursuit.


I I'm glad you say that. Like we've, we've offic that that is what chess has though, that it, it is very respected among the general population and it does have that different standings from, from another, a lot of other games. It's like, I'm not here to shit on video games for sure. Like I, I know like, like you do that there, there are studies that show that it's, that it can be, be helpful. I think with, with anything, if you obsess over something, the only thing you will become good at is that particular thing. Like I have with, with with chess. I just think for me specifically, for me specifically, it was probably a, a good thing that that made me just sit and focus on, on chess rather than, rather than do all sorts of other things.


Oh, most certainly it because video games are very, very addictive. Yeah. I had to stop playing video games. We used to have a whole local area network at our old studio where we'd all play quake And it was a real problem. Like I was just, I just wanted to end the podcast so I could go play Quake and then we'd play for hours and even eventually got to the point where I was like, okay, I gotta quit again. Just cold Turkey. Never again leave it alone. 'cause they're just too fun. And if you have other things, you have obligations like chess, like you're an actual professional chess player, call of Duty or whatever, you're playing quake. It's gonna eat your time. I, I remember like when, when I first moved out, you know, I was technically a chess professional, but I didn't have a lot of time to Yeah.


I I had a lot of time to kill when I, when I was home. So, and I got myself a PlayStation, played a ton of FIFA back then, and there was, there was a GameStop near near me that like, they, they made a lot of money on me just buying new controllers All the time because I would throw them into to, to the wall. But I, I I I, I have that same personality that I become, become obsessed with things and then I I same. I just have to quit cold Turkey. That's the only way that that works. Yeah. I, I think, I mean, this is why I've avoided golf and like Tony's big on golf and so is Jamie. It's like I see what it is. I'm sure I would love it, but I don't have that time, the time during the day.


Well, I can tell you that I always thought, well, I, I wouldn't say that, but I, I always thought that I would get into golf later in life and then I decided more or less a year ago that I was gonna start and now I am obsessed and it's all I wanna do. So Yeah. Problem. I can, I can, I can 100%, I can 100% relate, but my wife knows that I'm so happy when I come back from golf that it's like better if I get to do it quite often. Yeah. Even if you fake being happy so You can keep doing it. No, no, no, no. Like, yeah, they Say that's ruining Canelo Alvarez. You know, there's been a lot of criticism in the boxing world and particularly in like, you know, some of his promoters and things along those lines where they've criticized his, his, he's obsessive, he plays every day even when he's in camp.


Yeah. It's a tricky thing if they do that with him and I, I obviously see them do it with Trump, but they're, you have to golf to understand what golfing does to you. It appears from the outside that people are drinking and smoking pot and having a good old time out there and giggling around, farting around with their friends. But the touch grass meditative element, it truly is, like he was saying like, I am in such a crazy good mood after golf. Everybody at the comedy club can notice it. Like, it's like an upper, it gives you a massive burst of energy. So like the, the, what am I thinking of the, you know, just the bad reputation that golf has.


Like I would want my president golfing a couple times a week knowing the effects that it gives you a much clearer mind, a big burst of energy. You would think it would be exhausting walking around the woods or grass for four hours, but for some reason it's totally the opposite. It's, it's whether it's the sun, the grass, the this, the, that, the differential going from a powerful thing to a mid-range thing, to the delicate touch and accuracy of putting these repetitive things. For some reason it's a mind clearer and kind of an energy giver. Mm. Whereas video games and other things make you depressed. I don't, you know, it's almost impossible to be down or depressed after golfing.


Well it's, it's certainly a stimulating game, right? Because you are it's hand-eye coordination calculation, you know, managing the, the lay of the land, the way the rolls of the hills are Yeah. And all those factors. I think like this is something that I think people genuinely need in life. Yeah. And I think it's one of the reasons why people respect chess so much is because they know how difficult it is and they know that all this is going on and that they see you two just staring at the board looking at these pieces and, and calculating this insane number of possibilities that could emit from each individual move.


It's like that stimulation when when someone gets good at a game, I think it's very valuable for you. And I think that can apply to all sorts of things in life. So I agree with you. I would want the president to play golf too. Yeah. I'd want him to find something. Whatever it is, find a thing that you can excel at other than just being the president. Yeah. Yeah. Even if it was Call of ut. Yeah. If that would be wild. I wouldn't want that The president going fuck it. We had that, it was George W. Bush and there was no video game system That was dark. Yeah, it is dark. Well, I mean they literally use PlayStation fucking controllers when they were using drones. I dunno if they still do it now.


I think now they have more sophisticated setups. But that one of the reasons why they were using 'em was because so many people were accustomed to those. You get kids that have been playing, you know, Madden 10 hours a day for 15 fucking years and then you give 'em the same controller and they're like, oh yeah, I can fucking drop some bombs on people. Like, no problem at all. That's, that's horrible. It's dark. Yeah. And, and all of a sudden, like these kills that you're having a video game. Like you, you think of it in the same way. Like It's, well, it really haunts those people apparently. Yeah. There's a very specific type of PTSD that drone operators get. It's, it's 'cause they see the people sometimes for days in advance. So they're doing surveillance, they're waiting for the moment when they get the green light, they see these people, they see 'em with their families, they're watching them from above and then, and then they drop the bombs on 'em and then they cease to exist.


And this is happening on completely the other side of the world. Yeah. They just press X on the controller. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But if you wanna get good at that, you should probably play, play video games. It's a job for everybody out there. Magnus, I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm also trying to think like, could you get surgeons to be drone operators? Probably doesn't work That way. No. Probably doesn't work that well. At best Surgeons, just whatever hand-eye coordination that they have is probably so intricate that they could probably excel at anything. They'd probably get good at video games. Like a very good surgeon who's never played video games would probably get really good at video games really quickly. 'cause the, the communication between your hands And your mind.


There's also probably a tricky part of that stat where the younger people are the ones playing the video games that probably wouldn't slip up with their hands as easily as an older surgeon that has never played video games. Right? Mm. Yes. Right, right, right. Yeah, that's a good point. It's, it's, you know, it's interesting that chess is uniquely the game that's respected. Like probably out of all, even if you play golf, people could think, oh, you're a fuckup. You say you play chess. Like, oh, that must be an intelligent man. It's probably the most uniquely rewarded game in terms of the, the way the people respect it. Yeah. In society.


Yeah. It we're very lucky that it has this unique position. Whether that's deserved, I don't know, but there's just something about the fact that it's, you know, it's a very, very simple game, but it's, it's still so infinitely difficult. The thing now, the thing now though is that we're trying to actually make it a bit more, more difficult for a classical form of, of chess because now computers are so strong. Preparation has gone so far that the thought of like sitting down at the board and just thinking on your own from the very get go, it's not, it's not there anymore.


Anybody who's really good at chess, like they, anybody can, can learn the best openings. Like very quickly. Even if you go like 10, 20 years ago, you could play, you, you could play, for instance in the chess Olympiad, which is the, which is the, the biggest team like nation tournament in the world. And you could play against the best player from, from let's say Columbia. And, you know, you would know that they have a certain skills, but they might not have the same set of openings. Right now, all of these, like, there are kids everywhere and they just like, they know their stuff so well.


So now we're like testing out new formats, one that we call freestyle, which is basically there are 960 starting possible starting positions if you shuffle the pieces on the first rank. And basically like, you start out, you just draw the position 10 minutes before the game, no preparation whatsoever. And you basically start with like in gaming a new map every single game. So that's sort of for the traditionalists, that's not like the same, the same game. So like there are some people who don't like it, but for the professionals it's an, it's a chance like to, to use to, to use their, their skills.


Because otherwise chess is moving, like it's become, becoming faster like chess used to be, it used to be an art science, everything. With the way things are now, it's, it's just very fast and it's all game sports and so on. Like, I feel like with, with thinking from the very first move, you're bringing some of the other factors back as well. I, what I think it's really unique about today is that kids today who are coming up are not just studying from books and from coaching, but you can watch so many great games instantaneously, anytime you want. This is what's so unique about today.


And I think it applies to all sports. I think it applies to all games. I think it applies to all, I think it applies to standup comedy as well. Yeah. So I think it's one of the reasons why the younger guys are so good. It's like you get to see very high level stuff, which gets into your mind that this is how to play at a very early age and you can be obsessed and just absorb so much more. Yeah. And, and you see there are such different approaches as well. Even even with, with the kids. Like, I had a training camp a few years ago with, with a kid called Reza from, he plays for France now, but he's from Iran originally. I think it was about 14 then. And my, my chess coach has had like recommended that we, that we bring him in because he said that this is the most talented kid out there.


So we have this camper, typically everybody has their, their laptop and there's a chess board in the middle where you sort of, and, and you sort of look at your own thing and then some things together on the board and you, you throw out i ideas mostly for, for openings, but also sometimes other little exercises and so on. And this kid, he would have his, have his laptop where he would, where he would analyze a certain position and then he would play games like for money on that same site at the same time so that he could buy clouds, cloud engine times.


Because like the very best engines, they're, they're stronger, like if they're in the, the cloud than from your own, than from your own laptop generally. So he would buy time for, for that by playing games. Like one minute games on that server. He would play five minute games on another server and he would analyze with us on the board and he was still like following everything. Like he had no problems whatsoever just being there. So like, it's just, yeah, that's, that's one way of doing it. Like he basically became one of the best players in the world by just constantly playing chess All the time.


And mostly like really quick games. And then you have the current classical world champion from, from India. eSSH. Like, he doesn't play casual games at all. He just studies his ass off All the time. And he's also like, he's not good at, at, at rabbit chest, he's not good at blitz, he's not good at other, other forms. But he has, he has made all his study studies about classical chess. He didn't even own like chess software on his computer before he was like 13. Wow. And he was a grandmaster Wow. At that time. But it's, it's interesting to see that there are such different ways to develop even, even these days.


I think, I just think it's fascinating human beings capacity to excel at things and that you really only know when someone pushes it a little bit further. Like this guy playing these all these game simultaneously. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like when you, when if everybody's doing it one way, if everybody's only playing, you know, a few games a day and hanging out, like you'll probably all stay at the same level. But if you've got one fucking psychopath in the group that's online and is playing and is reading books and is that guy's gonna pass everybody and then everybody else realizes like, oh, that's possible. You, I could have gotten as good as him. I better really bear down.


Yeah. Because you, you could also see that in these guys playing style, the guy who has been playing like constantly All the time from when he, he was little, he has fantastic instincts, especially with, with little time. He just knows where the pieces go. And like, he's the only one of the kids who has that kind of feeling. The Indian guy on the other hand, from the way he studies, he's like, during games, like he's meticulous, he calculates like he sees every position as a problem. He has to solve more than, oh, what does my intuition tell me? Oh, I'll do, I'll do this.


It's like, for him it's more, well, this is possible. This is possible. Let me like try and see this all, All the way, All the way through. So it's just, yeah. It's, it's just very, very different. And they, they, they call it like the tortoise and the hare sometimes. And then in certain situations the tortoise will win and other situations the, the hare will win. Right. So in, so there's different types of tournaments and there's some tournaments that have no time limit for, for moves. There's always a time, there's always a time limit. What's a traditional time limit? What it used to be in, in chess was you'd have two hours for 40 moves.


Then you would have an hour for the next 20 moves and then half an hour for the rest of the game. So a maximum of seven hours. And that form is still, is still being played and then you have faster forms of chess, which is blitz chess, which is usually five or or three minutes. And rapid chess, which is somewhere from, from 10 to to to 30 minutes. Did you ever, before you were known, did you ever go to Washington Square Park and play those hustlers? No. I actually went there in 20, 20 10. But I think, I think some people recognize me back then as well.


I think it's a bit of a myth though, how, how good they are. Like right, they're, they're, they're like, okay, but they're not like your level. No, they're not grandmaster level. There was one guy though, I don't remember, I don't remember what was, what's the name of, like, it's up by, you know, Columbia University. There's a park up there where they're playing chess as well. There I played against the guy who played like a very strange opening is what, like he put like just a couple of ponds, one square forward, and then he started developing his pieces very slowly. So at, at first I thought, this guy has no idea what he, he's doing, but then it turned out like he actually had a system.


So after like 10, 15 moves, I was in a lot of trouble. And then, and then like the game became super concrete and tactical and, and, and I, and I won. But it, yeah, it struck me that this guy like had, it just, I think he just played in a park all his life. So he had developed a certain system. Wow. That was actually like, kind of effective if you don't know what you're doing against it. So that was, that was kind of, kind of interesting. I, I'm like, he was fairly old, so I'm sure he'd played chess his whole life without ever learning any kind of opening theory or, or something like that.


He just had, yeah, he was doing his own thing Thing. That's fascinating. Did you, can you ever learn something from people that have an unorthodox approach like that? Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. It's, it's happened several times. There was, there was like, my dad used to play a ton of chess at home. Like he used to have a home office and then certain times he'd appear to be focused on his, in his work, but I knew like a certain look in his eye, which told me that he was actually playing chess. So I would go over and, and watch. He was like, go away. And then at some point where I was already a lot better than him, he played a certain opening as as white.


And I told him like, what, what is this opening? Like where did you learn this? And he said, well, you taught me the very same opening but with the black pieces. So I thought I was gonna play it as white, like with, with one tempo more, right, because you're playing, you're moving. First I was like, I like, I never, like, I'm one of the best players in the world and I never thought of that. So I actually took up that line and I, and I used it, I used it with success against some of the best players in the world. Wow. So I've like, I've, I dunno if that variation has a name. Like I've seen some other players play it afterwards as well, but I just call it the Henry Carlson variation.


That's really interesting. Yeah. Your dad must be pretty proud of that. He, he is very proud. It, it's funny though, that my, my, my dad and my, my sisters, my two of my sisters, they, they played a bit of competitive chess as well. I think at some point in time, like I, they wanted to learn a couple of openings, so I taught them a couple of openings and I think all of them just never played anything, anything else, basically. So they, they certainly didn't have the same kind of passion to, to study, but I'm glad I was able to, to push them into, to some, some decent lines at the very least. How do you decide what opening to choose and do you ever decide an opening go, fuck, I shouldn't have done that one?


Yeah, yeah. Sometimes honestly, sometimes I, I dunno what to do, so I just randomize because I think At a certain time, like you might think that against this opponent you should play a little bit of a more of an aggressive opening, but then maybe I feel good about my tournament standing, so I don't wanna mess that up. So it's easy to go for a safer approach when like, the optimal approach would be a bit more aggressive. And then like, if you randomize it, then you will occasionally go for the, for the more aggressive approach.


So that's what I sometimes do. It is just, I randomize it and then I just sort of accept the, the outcome and it makes me more, more unpredictable. It makes me harder to, to prepare against as well. So that's what I sometimes do. It's not like it's not gonna be out there, but it's gonna be between like two or three options that I, I think are roughly equivalent. They're just stylistically different. So when you say randomized, like how many openings do you have that you pursue on a regular basis? Oh, it's, it's hard to, that's hard to say. Probably probably with whites I have like five or six options that I can, that I can go to, but only like two or three that I, I feel really good about.


And I think similarly, similarly with black. So, and then when you randomize, you just go in your head and one of 'em stands out for you and you say, okay, this is, No, I just like have an app on my phone. Oh, really? I just, oh, It's roll, roll the dice. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, wow, wow, wow. And I, I think hon honestly, a lot of people could, could benefit from that because you, you agonize over these minute decisions. Like you spend a lot of mental energy before a certain game, agonizing over what opening you're going to play. And if you know that you, you're going to make a decent choice, but you leave All the agonizing to, to like, there's nothing because it's, it's left to to chance.


It makes, it makes it a lot, a lot easier. That makes sense. Wow. When now you were saying mental energy is, do you, you were talking about the spicy Chinese food incident, but do you normally have a, a method of like when you eat vitamins, you take, is there certain things that you do to optimize your, your, your clarity? Yeah, like if, if I'm playing, if I'm playing an early, early afternoon game, for instance, like starting at one, I, I try to eat like one big meal. Before that we was just generally like a big omelet with some, some kind of salad and, But you eat pretty clean before a big Yeah, I usually, I usually do sometimes like after games, like I will eat something like even some desserts and so on.


But before the games, I, I try and keep it, keep it fairly, fairly clean. And I actually learned that when I was, when I was little, like sometimes like my parents, they were generally quite strict about sweets and so on. But sometimes I would eat sweets during tournament then, you know, my, my blood sugar would drop like crazy and I would start making, making mistakes. Mm. And so that's something that I, I learned quite quickly that I shouldn't do. Do you ever mess around with vitamins or nootropics or anything like that? Things that, nutrients that help memory? No, I, I think I, I think it's a little bit about, about the way that I was, was raised.


Like I'd never take medicine unless I, I kind of have to, I don't really take supplements or, or, or or anything like that. So I probably, I, I probably should. Like, it's, it's not a bad idea. Like my wife is half American, like she's completely different. Like she takes five kinds of vitamins every, every single day. She's very meticulous about it. But yeah, I dunno, I've never Just get her to make you up some little packets. Yeah, maybe I, I think it'd probably have an impact on you. I mean, it's extraordinary. If you think about how good you are without it, like any little thing that could give you a very slight edge.


And I think that vitamins for sure give you a slight edge, particularly in Nootropics. There's a bunch of different vitamins that have been shown through clinical trials to improve cognitive performance. You know, theanine, there's acetylcholine, a bunch of different things that enhance memory that are essentially just nutrients. What's the new thing that people are, are doing? Like carotine or something like That? Ketamine? No, no, no. Not ketamine. No, no, no. It's not Ketamine. Creatine, Creatine, Creatine. Creatine. Yes. Creatine is, was a bodybuilding supplement that was almost akin to steroids in the 1990s.


People would think it was cheating and then they realize, well, it's just a component of food. But one of the things that creatine does that's very extraordinary is it aids in performance when you're sleep deprived. So if you ever find yourself sleep deprived and you have to do something where you have to use your mind, creatine is a fantastic supplement for that. Well, I mean, I woke up today and like, I think my, my watch set was that my sleep was like, I got 15, like I slept for five hours, but I got 15 minutes of rem sleep. Like, it was really, really bad. So that's what I could've, yeah, I could, I could've used that because I was playing a chess or earlier today, so I could've, I could've used that. But Yeah, creatine is something that everybody should take.


Men, women, children, everybody should take creatine. It's a really good supplement, super safe. And it does, it aids in strength and muscle recovery and stuff like that, but it also has a lot of cognitive benefits, just generally just like a very good, safe supplement to take. What does it say here, Jane? Cognitive function studies suggest that creatine supplementation may improve cognitive function, including memory, attention and reasoning. It may increase brain energy levels by boosting end ene, tri phosphate production, a TP, which is essential for brain function. Creatine has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties that may protect brain cells from damage caused by oxidative stress. And neurotoxins may help produce, it's does a lot of different things. If you Google it, there's a ton of different benefits.


I take it in gummy form. I take creatine gummies every day. They're delicious. It's easy. I just pop a bunch Of like five milligrams. I don't know we have any of those Try cress here? I don't think so. Yeah, I think I have 'em out there, but they're great. You know, it's easy. I put a bag in my car, take 'em All the time. I've, I've noticed a difference. I just think with a guy like you, well, your brain is everything, but you're, you're kicking ass. So like why? Listen to me. No, no, no. But but eat cheeseburgers and fuck around. See what happens. No, but it, it, it is the thing though that on certain days I sort, I sort of just accept that, you know, my brain is not gonna work as good, work as good. And it's, it's, it's frustrating, especially if you gotta, if you gotta a big game And you know that you're starting down two zero because your brain is not working the way it's supposed to be.


Yeah. I feel that with podcasting All the time. And the, the real danger is if I do that, if my brain's not on full tilt and I'm talking to a scientist and I'm like, oh, like we have to talk about quantum physics like this. I I have to like have good questions. You have to be able to follow what you're saying. 'cause it's so esoteric, you know, it's weird that the brain just doesn't always work exactly how you want it to. And honestly, I've, chess is one of the worst things to do, sleep deprived because I think creativity, creativity usually is enhanced when you're, when you're not feeling well, when you're, when you're sleep deprived. But that's generally not what you need in chest. Like, you need to minimize mistakes, you need precision and all of, all of my intuition, all of that is just so much worse when I'm not feeling, not feeling on, on top of, on top of my game.


So Do you have a specific thing you do when you're feeling not on top of your game? Do you like double check things in your mind? Do you have a process? You, do you Follow? I just try to play like a simpler game where, where it's not as, where it's not as complicated really. And when you're feeling good, then you go for it. No, Honestly, when I, when I feel like good, I don't think about these things, it's just the state of just the state of flow where I know, I know how much risk to take. Like I, I I just, yeah. So what, what is the mindset? Like if you're in a world championship game and you, it's down to these, like what, what is the state of mind, like when you're in the middle of it?


Honestly, when I'm at my best, I'm just like pure laser focused and I'm just calm and not thinking about anything other than Just in the moment. Just in the moment. Yeah, Just in the work is already done. You already know the game. So now it's just reacting and moving and calculating. Yeah, I mean, I, I had, I had a game in 20 last classical world championship I played in 2021 where the first five games were drawn, honestly, like I could have probably been down at that point as well. Sixth game was a super, super long game. Almost eight hours. And I think for the last hour and a half, two hours, I was pretty short on time.


But I remember like, I was just so focused and so calm and afterwards I was just like, yeah, I could have kept going forever. Like I was just there And it was exactly what I needed. I ended up grinding out, grinding out win. And, and in, in those classical games, like once you get a lead, like that is so big because it's so hard to win actually win games that, that that level would, that level of preparation. So that was, that was really big. But yeah, that's that I've only, I I've only had, I feel like a few days where I feel like I'm just like completely in the moment.


Usually it's a bit more messy than that, but like, when it happens, it's just, yeah. The best feeling. That's amazing that it's only been a few days where you've been fully in the moment. I'm rarely happy after I play. I'm, I'm, I'm happier now. Like I am honestly, like my standards for myself, like are a little bit lower, have gone down a little bit the older I've gotten because I sort of accept that I don't, I don't have, my brain is not as fast as it used to be, so I'm going to have occasional letdowns. So my top level is like, I think as good as it's ever been, or at least very, very close to.


But like the average level is, is just, it's just too hard when your brain is not that fast anymore. But, but, but yeah, generally I, I'm, I'm always thinking, well, yeah, I could have always done something better. Like, you always miss some things, but I always feel like, yeah, there are avoidable mistakes that I'm, I'm still making. So this, as you've gotten older, this lowering expectations, is that a recognition of the fact that being hard on yourself over minute details doesn't benefit you and that you've just had a more healthy approach? Yeah, I think so.


It, it just makes everything a bit bit easier. Also, honestly, like the randomizing opening choices has made has made things easier as, as well everything just to, to sort of, yeah, lower the pressure a bit. Have you ever consulted a mental coach or you know, someone who works with people on mindsets to try to capture what is happening when you are in that complete total flow state of laser focusness and try to recreate that because there's a bunch of different mind coaches that will tell you for a bunch of different pursuits that what you have to do is when you get to that state, whatever that state is, recognize that you're there and then try to get a map of the territory and try to will yourself back into that thing.


But then there's another school of thought that says, no, it just has to happen organically and that you just have, you just need to be obsessed and focused and take care of yourself and meditate and just when it comes, it's going to come, but it just, you have to accept that it's a gift and it's just not always gonna be there. Yeah, definitely. The, in the latter camp, I've talked to people who have suggested mental coaches, like plenty of, plenty of times, both in, in the past and, and more recently as well. I've just like always been worried that somebody's gonna mess something up in, in, in my head. Mm. Paralysis by Analysis. Yeah.


That, that, that's really, that's really what it is for me. So I feel at some point I'm, I'm just like more or less content with the way things, things are that most days that I'm playing, I'm going to be fairly good on some days I'm going to be at my very best other days I'm going to be very far from, from my best. And it's, it's sort of, yeah, it's sort of, of the, the way it is. I, I, I'm much, definitely much more open to doing things to prevent me from having the, those very worst days because that, those are the ones that really, that really hurt you. Especially now that we're playing a lot of faster tournaments where there are, where there are knockouts where basically like if you have one bad day, you're, you're out.


And it doesn't matter, like back in the days with classical tournaments, like you could, you could have a really bad day, but then you can always bounce back. But nowadays it's not, it's not that easy. Do you ever try to map out what are the factors that lead you to hit that state that, that flow state? Do you ever try to think about your day, like what did I do? What did I eat? How, how did I sleep? Did I avoid toxic people around me? Did I stay offline? Like, what did I do that allowed me to get to that spot? Yeah, I mean, doing everything sort of right before the game definitely helps. Like getting, getting, getting good, good sleep. Like reading, reading a book instead of being on, on some sort of device before I go to go to sleep.


Then just focusing as little as possible on, on chess before, before the game. Definitely really Little as possible. Yeah, Because you want it to be fresh in your mind, you want it to be something exciting. Yeah, I just, I just wanna have like two or three ideas of what I'm, what I'm going to play and not like, I, I just don't want to like, use mental energy that I could have used on the game right before. Right, right. So I think one of my better tournaments that I played, it's, I used to play every year at this seaside resort in, in the Netherlands, and it's in the middle of winter, so it's not very short, like, it's just rainy and windy and there's basically nothing there except this big tournament that's been there for, for 80 years and it's for three weeks every, every January.


So for me, there's not, there's not a lot to do. So what I would do, like every day is I'd, I'd, I'd wake up, I'd go for a walk, and then I would watch like 30 to 45 minutes of NBA highlights from the day before, look at chess for, for 15 minutes, whatever my coach has sent me of preparation that we discussed the day before, eat, and then, and then go play. And that worked really, really well. It's just keeping it as simple as possible, honestly.


So get inspired, a little bit, little bit of energy from watching NBA highlights, right? Yeah, just a tiny amount of information from the coach. Just like, get your brain locked in, but not too much energy. Don't focus too much on it. Yeah, I, a lot of people, like they do, they will spend three, four hours preparing on a game on that very day. And it, like, it can be beneficial, like if your opponent goes into specifically the lines that you prepared and and so on. But overall, I think, yeah, having, having having a fresh mind is, is so important.


And I'm also like, even if I've, I haven't had the perfect preparation, like I'm really good at just blocking everything out, forgetting everything that's happened and just focusing there and then, but it's still not as good Of course, as just being in, in, in a good state of mind. Do you ever get to the point where you feel burnout, where you want to just take days off a week off and not think about chess, not touch a chess board, or is it just constantly playing in the background no matter what you do, But I, I really love it. So Why take time Off? Yeah. Why take No, no, no. I'm, I'm fine with taking breaks from, from tournaments and so on, but having like at least days, several days in a row without like, looking at a chess game or, I mean, I don't have to play every day, but not having a, having a, yeah.


Not looking at anything like not reading some chess stuff or like Yeah. I mean it's, it's my favorite hobby, so I, I don't, yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't see why I would wanna do that. Yeah, that's probably why you're one of the best of all time, if not the best. I mean, that's a beautiful approach, right? If You can find a thing that you love so much that even though you do it All the time and you've done it since you were a child, you're still obsessing and loving it. Yeah, I, I, I do have those moments where I just, I just take a breath and I'm, and think about how lucky that I am. And there are just moments where I just sort of, I wouldn't say rediscover my love for the game, but where I just think like, I'm obsessed with this game and I'm completely fine with that.


Well, that's a beautiful way to live your life. If people can find a thing like that in their life, that really is the key to an enjoyable life. If the thing that you do All the time, you're obsessed with now, we talk about it All the time at our comedy club where we're all in the green room. We're like, we are so lucky that this is actually what we do for a job. And pretty much everybody who's good at it is obsessed with it, and they think about it All the time. It's kind of the only way, but I'd need time off sometimes because I think that's different because it's always different ideas and different things you're working on. Sometimes you need time just to refresh your perspective, but with a game like chess, I guess you don't really need time off.


No, I, I think it, again, it's, it's different from for, for different people, but I don't know. I, I don't feel, I don't feel like it, it, it takes away energy. It just gives me joy and, and energy. When, when I, when I do that, like I will just on, on a certain day, I will just log into chess.com and, and observe random people play. And that is something I can do and be very happy about it. Yeah. It's just the way I'm, Well, you're just very fortunate you found a thing that you really locked into. It's that, that perspective is very important for people to recognize. Like the perspective of gratitude and of, of appreciation that you're so fortunate to have found something people go their whole lives and, and never find a thing that they're truly absolutely passionate about.


And for a guy like you, I mean, it's a, it's a shiny example for people, I think. I think that's one of the things that I enjoy the most about super high performers is that they provide an insane amount of inspiration to other people. When someone sees you play chess at the highest level or sees, you know, Michael Jordan play basketball or whatever it is, you get this feeling of what human beings can do and it elevates your own expectations of yourself and of people around you. Yeah, I think I, I've thought about it many times, like, what am I actually like doing with my life that's, that's useful to other people? And it always comes, comes back to, to that every time that I hear that people, people are inspired by, by what I do, maybe it, it helped them through like a difficult time to watch, to watch my games and to get into rediscover or find the, the love for the game.


That's really, that's really nice. And again, in the process, I'm just doing, doing what I, what I love. Right? And that's, that's really what people wanna, wanna see from me. It's just competing and, and doing well at chess. So that's, that's also what I'm giving us as often as possible. Well, that's what people want out of life. It's something that they love that they do, that they're very good at, and they get recognized for it. And when a, a person like you does it and does it publicly and it's inspiring, it's a great gift for other people. I mean, it truly is. Who has been, like, are there particular players that you really enjoy watching play and particular styles that you enjoy?


I think my favorite probably player of all time is, is sort of the young Kasparov before, before he became World Champion. The thing is, like, what I find fascinating about that is that he played with a style that was so unique and so dynamic that, That I know that I could never replicate it. It's just not the way that I, I play. So that's something I, I admire a lot. Usually I'm, whatever I'm into, like be it soccer or golf or basketball or whatever, like I admire, like what people do.


Not necessarily like, it's about the people themselves. So that's the way it has been for me in, in, in chess is as well that I try to like learn from, from people's games and, And what they, what they do and when I talk to them. And I've been very fortunate about, about that being able to study with, with Gary back in the day and Anand, who was the world champion before me because it's, it's only then when, like, when you, when you study, like you talk to them, like you understand like how good they really are and how much they, they understand. For instance, with Ana, and I had, I had a training session in 2008 where we had both played a tournament where I'd done reasonably well and he had sort of towards the end he had mailed it in, but he was preparing for the classical world championship.


So we, I, I think I had two day days off and he was living outside Madrid. And so I went to Madrid for a couple of days because the other tournament was in the north of Spain. Then I, I went to his house and as soon as like that training camp started, it's like something just switched with him. And he was, he was just so focused. We played a bunch of training games and from being this guy who seemed completely disinterested in this other tournament, all of a sudden, like he was crushing me. Like he had a massive plus score in our games and it felt like everything we analyzed, he was just, he just had a much deeper understanding of the game.


It seemed that he was faster tactically and everything. And it made me like appreciate like how good, how good he actually actually was. Yeah. When you are playing someone like that and you're getting your ass kicked, does this inspire you and enact change in your game? Or does it, does it not change your game, you just do the same game but more focused? Yeah, I think, I think it's more of, more of the latter. It was just a reality check for me because I thought at that point that I was, I, I was ranked I think third in the world. I had very briefly been ranked number one already at that point, like for, for a week.


And I thought before that I thought I was maybe one of the best two, three players in the world. And it made me realize that I wasn't, and that maybe I was able to have better results than my actual level because of, because of youth energy and, and optimism, right? And that made me just, yeah, it just made me realize that I have a lot, lot to learn and that I should be, I should be patient and not expect everything to, to sort of, to sort of come that fast. Because at that point I'd had a year of more or less constant rise. I was, yeah, I just winning winning tournaments.


Every time I would lose a game, I was just believed that I could strive back immediately. And I, I and I, like, I realize now that I was just, I was delusional. Mm. I thought I was a lot better than, than what I was. And that was probably why I was having so, such good results. You're so confident because I was so confident. But having like a little bit of a reality check I think helped me later to actually understand the game a bit better. But I still, I, I've still taken away that I think in, in chess, like the optimal state when you're playing a game is some somewhere between optimistic and delusively optimistic because if you're realistic, you're just never going to, to be opportunistic enough to, to sort of explode your opponent's mistakes.


It's, I think another factor is the way you analyze things that you were able to say, I was a little delusional and even though I'm doing very well, I gotta trust in this process of growth and development and that it is a very, very long process. Yeah, exactly. And Rike, very soon after that I started working with, with Gary Kasparov as well, and that made me realize that I know even less. And what Can a guy like Gary Kasparov tell you that makes You know that, You know, even less Back then it was really like my, my style has become a bit more dynamic over time, but back then I, like, I really, really lacked understanding of more dynamic positions in, in chess.


Like you can have, you can have like more static or more dynamics pond structures, like if there are a lot of possible poem breaks for, for both sides and both kings are under attack, then it's sort of more, more dynamic and, and tactical. Or it could be more a more about gaining some minutes positional advantages. And that's sort of what I was excelling at the latter and working with him, it just improved sort of the, the more dynamic part of my game a lot. And that helped me very much short term.


And also also it, it's helped me ladder because it, it, it improved my understanding of the game. My strength, main strength is still more in the more static structures, but that work like made me so much more, more versatile and I still definitely profit from that. What, what is a coach for you today? Like what, what benefit is a coach today? A couple of things. The main benefits that I have from my chess coach is opening work that's like the, the low hanging fruit.


That's, that's really what, you know, You can, You can get the most out of on on from, from game to game. A couple of other things, like my, my coach is, is also an old friend of mine, he's Danish. So we can communicate in the same language and he's also just as obsessed with golf as us as I am. So that, that every, every time like we have like a chess training camp, there's also a lot of, lot of golf being played. So yeah, those are a few things, but chess wise it's, it's mainly about the, the, the opening work.


And so it's essentially, he's obviously very good at chess as well, but it's essentially bouncing things off of each other and going over positions. Yeah. And then he's very good at using chess engines to, you know, to get slightly different, different results than, than maybe other others do. Do you occasionally, or do you at all analyze other people's games and break them down together? Not, not really when it comes to analyzing other games, like it's, it's, excuse me, it's more useful for me to, to look at what the engine is. It's, it's saying so like now, 'cause The engines are just smarter Than people Yeah.


That they are. And I'm, I'm good enough that I can interpret what the engine is, is saying to like, understand why a certain thing a certain thing happened happens. So it's still interesting to analyze together as, as humans, but we always wanna double check what we're, what we're saying with, with the engines. Mm. Isn't it fascinating that that's, that's a gigantic factor now ever since deep blue, right? Yeah, so the thing about, I I know like, I don't know if you, if you talk to Gary, but he has this whole thing with, with deep blue. I I, I'm not sure if Deep Blue was actually better than than Gary, but it, yeah, it started, it started the, the downfall of, of us humans when it, when it comes to chess and it's now been a long time where we just accepted that our computer overlords are, are just a lot better and there are serious benefits for, for improving players, for, for kids.


Like the engines help people improve a lot faster. So that's, that's a great thing. Additionally, people watching chess games, like one problem is that you cannot easily tell, like, it's not like one guy is being punched and the other guy is, is punching like, it, it takes some skill to, to see what's going on, but with the help of the engines, like you could actually have a real time score All the time because it tells you who is, who is winning and who who is not. So it becomes a lot easier to, to to follow as well because honestly, like most people, when they can consume sports, they're mostly interested about who is going to win and who is going to lose.


So now at least You can, You can have that factor in chess that you can, you can, you can see that. And there, it's, it's very interesting for me to read what people were writing about computer chess 30 not, not 30, but like 50, 60 years ago and so on when there was an actual discussion whether computers could ever beat a grandmaster at chess. And now it's, it's very much settled Of course. Well they have that same discussion about Go, right, Well go is much, much more complicated than, than than chess. So, but I I I don't know what has happened since Alpha go if, if like the best masters are a little still a little bit better or where the state is at.


I think go is better than everybody now the, the computer is. But I think a new factor is that the computer has devised creative moves that were never used before that have now been implemented. They're part of like general strategy, which I think they thought was very shocking. So See if you can find anything about that. There's lot of kind of bluffing moves or I do not know 'cause I don't understand. Go, I was just reading an article about the extraordinary leaps that AI has taken and that one of the more shocking things was was that it was able to beat the best players at go, which they didn't. They thought it was like a long time coming. Yeah, I mean I, I did watch, I watched the movie Alpha Go and I mean, How long ago was that?


That's like five, no, maybe like six, seven years ago. See in AI time, that's like stone ages, which is so crazy. And I think like a year or two later, there was Alpha Zero in chess. So chess engines, they were always like kind of built by humans and instructed by humans. And then Alpha Zero came along and which is a neural network that just, you know, learned chess on it on its own. And it became more or less as good or maybe slightly slightly worse than the best traditional chess engines. What's interesting is that the neural networks played chess lot, a lot more like humans.


They were much less concerned about material factors. They were more about like positional play and long-term thinking and so on because it was not based on brute force in the way that that traditional engines would. And you would see funny, like they have computer tournaments as well with, with, with the best engine in the world. And you would, you will still see like Lila Zero, that's sort of the clone of Alpha Zero because they discontinued the Alpha Zero project after a while it will make like elementary tactical blunders almost.


That's crazy because it, I don't know, it doesn't have, it just thinks about chess differently than traditional engines. But it will also like do things that just confounds the very best chess engines in the world still. So that, that's very interesting to, to see and like All the best coaches and, and players now, now when, when you work with chess computers, like you always have both like a neural net and a traditional chess engine running as well as some others who are now like hybrid who are, who have, who have a little bit of both.


It's just fascinating that it would make blunders. Yeah, well I don't know if it's something about its, its, its its search. I, I really, I really don't, I really don't know. But it would also make some fascinating decisions like when you promote a pawn, like you usually promote to a queen because that's almost always the best. Unless you sometimes wanna pro promote a night specifically to, to give a check or sometimes, you know, to avoid stalemate. But that's, that's less frequent. But then what Lila and Alpha Zero would sometimes do is that they would promote to a different piece because if it's a piece that's anyway going to be captured just to give your opponent like a slight chance of making a mistake by making another move, ah, which is something like a human would never ever do.


But it's like, it's really funny, a little bit of a parallel to what's going on in go, I think with this gamesmanship that is going on with, with the new neural nets. So that's that's Crazy that it would just trick you. Yeah, it would, would try and trick you. Like it probably wouldn't trick a human because a human would be like, that's weird. Okay, I'll just take it. Whatever. But another engine. Oh, okay. Well I have another alternative that seems wow equivalent more or less. Maybe I'll go for, maybe I'll go for that. Wow. It's, it's, it's very strange. So what are the best programs that people play on?


There are a few. There's one that was originally developed by Norwegian called Stock Fish. That's still, still considered the best. So I think like, I think the best now is stock fish, like stock rich hybrid that's part neural and part traditional engine. And then I think So do you Have to be connected online to use that? Yeah, I mean most people use either, most people use remote engines like some kind of cloud service to have as much computing power as possible. So the kind of computing power that's on your phone, like can you beat your phone at the highest level? No. No chance. Is that crazy?


That's so No chance. No chance. That's so Crazy. 'cause deep blue wasn't it like as big as a room Wasn't Yeah, Deep blue was a, wasn't like a, a stack of computers. Right. But I'm sure it's still less powerful than your, the computer on your phone is today. Right? It's just shocking. No, no, I have no chance against, against, against my phone. There there was, That's so crazy. There, there was actually one time where I played corporate simul and there was this guy who said, I built a chess program in, in my university class. Can I let that play against you again instead of myself? And I was like, yeah, sure, why not?


And I actually like beat it fairly handily because I played some kind of like anti computer chess where I just close up the position as much as possible and just let it have, have as few bilities as possible to, to out, out calculate me so that it's a purely strategical game that doesn't work against very good engines, but it can work against, against weaker ones. But no humans, like we don't have any there. There was a grandmaster who played a match recently against Lila, which is like the best neural network engine now. They were playing classical chess and he started with a night more and they played a 10 10 game match and he won five and a half to four and a half.


Wow. Which is as crazy, like it's a night more like that's, it should not be possible for any, like if God was playing chess, that shouldn't be, you shouldn't be able to beat a grandmaster in any game like that. So the grandmaster was still able to win. I but yeah, for me, I rarely play against engines at all because they just make me feel so stupid and, and useless. I think about it more as an, as a tool more than more than than anything else.


And often like when you play against them, the moves that they make, they are not necessarily relevant as to what a human would do in that why in that situation because we just think, we just think differently. Do you ever try to think like the computer? Yeah, well specifically the neural nets have improved our understanding of the game immensely. And the Ava zero paper came out very late 2018 and actually I played a, a world championship match late 2018 as well against an American Fabiano carano that was the best match I think that I've ever played. We played 12 draws actually, and then I won in a tie break.


But like the games were super high quality and, and he was, he was very evenly matched and then he was actually u using Lila, the the AVA zero clone, which we didn't have access to. Like we didn't even know that was the thing. But the thing is like after al zero came out in 20, late 2018, there was a period half a year, maybe early 2019 where you could very clearly see which players have been using these new neural network networks or knew how to use them and which players didn't. And my coach, he got into it very quickly and we got an advantage of basically everybody but that, but that guy who had been using it during the match and it just made us understand the game a lot better.


There were, as I said, like a couple of things about long-term king safety, pushing pawns on the side of the board was maybe the biggest takeaway that often you would push PAs and not as an attacking tool, which used to be the way that you would push upon, like trying, trying to break open your, open your king. What you would do is that you would have a little hook on the side of the board that you could use 20 or 30 moves later to make your king li like to make the opponent's king less safe then.


And this is something that humans didn't really do, and I still see some people like allowing these pawn advances and, and I don't, like, I wonder if they didn't, didn't learn their lesson from, from 2019, but it was very clear to see at a certain time before everybody sort of caught up with the new information. And that's also when I had maybe my best stretch of chess ever because I just understood these new things better, better than others. It's almost counterintuitive that you wouldn't want to play the computer because the computer makes you look stupid.


Because the idea in my mind would be like, well, you should play the best thing that you could possibly play. And if that's a computer, great. If that's another human being, then play the human being. But I would imagine that playing something that makes you feel stupid would at the very least teach you something about the game. Yeah, it, it does. But at the same time, like, You know, that these are usually things that humans cannot replicate. And to be fair, like the kids these days, a lot of them play like a more concrete brand of, of chess that is more similar to to to engines than, than we have seen in the past because They've had so much exposure to it.


Yeah. Like they're, they're less dogmatic, more concrete in their, their thinking. But then I know that there are usually other things that are, are lacking. So I could, I could sort of steer the game there as well. So I don't know, I haven't, I I haven't found it particularly useful, but, but maybe I'm just, yeah, I don't wanna Is it partly because you just don't wanna lose? Yeah, Of course. And it's also because as you said, like chess is a very lonely game. Like when you lose it's because you're worse than your opponent. And imagine losing to somebody who, you know, is like completely stupid, which, which like traditional chess computers are, they're stupid.


They're just have much more computing power than you do. Mm. So losing over and over again to something that's so stupid, like that's not a good Feeling. Could, could you help explain to me what are the factors? Like how can it, what is it doing that you can't do in terms of calculating positions and moves and strategies? Well, first of all it's infinitely faster. So there will, there will be certain possibilities that I will rule out because of my intuition, but it is able to calculate in a very short time that it's, it's, it's possible it will never make blunders like simple tactical mistakes.


The neural networks sometimes do, but traditional engines, traditional engines don't. And like I can, I can keep, like most of the moves that I make will be the same as they as they do, but they just like, they don't make any real blunders at all. Like they may, may make slight positional mistakes, but honestly, most of the time that I think a, an engine makes a positional mistake is because I don't understand it well enough. Mm. So it's not really a mistake. No. And it might look like one, but it's long term.


Yeah. It's just that my understanding is, is not good enough and, and that, that is useful then that does help me learn What are the fa like what is the difference between the approach that the neural network takes versus a traditional engine? Like why, why is one of them approaching the game differently? Because one of them is constantly calculating based on sort of what what humans have taught them is like the value of like the value. What is the value of a pond? What's the value of a night And what is the value of, you know, a far advanced pond and, and all of this like, it calculates based on that a neural network just you teach, you just show it the rules of chess And you know, play against your yourself a lot of times and get better.


And it, it, it just has a, it has a different approach. Like what it does is just based on the game games that it's, that is played against itself. Right. So it, it's, it's just, it will have completely different, different ideas at times. Like imagine like in 2019 because of these neural networks, like every opening that had been played for hundred hundreds of years had to be rechecked by, by coaches because there could be a difference in evaluation because there is this new neural network that just things in a completely different way.


Wow. So the, these neural networks could go back and look at, you know, a, a classic game from like 1963 and say, well you know what, I would've fucked that dude up 'cause I would've done this, that, and the other thing. Yeah, exactly. And it just, I think a lot of it was based on, it just emphasizes different factors than traditional engines do and that ultimately just leads to, to, to different, to different results really. But it's, yeah, it, it was extremely fascinating for a while, but now it's just led to really more parody in, in the world of world of chess because yeah, everybody just has access to, to that information.


It used to be a thing back in the time that peop some people would really be ahead of others, not only in 2019, but al also other times, like they had more computing power, better, better cloud engines. Like they had started to use different engines and so on. But now, now you could prepare for world championship honestly in, in two weeks and you'd be completely with like just a regular, regular like laptop that's connected to, to cloud. Like it's, it's very different and so much, so much easier today.


That is so fascinating that it's changed the game so much. Could you get a, a computer, whether it is attritional engine or whether it's a neural network, could you get one to imitate a specific style? Like could you get one say, I want you to play like Gary Kasparov when he was younger. So we actually did this back in, back in the day. I, we actually started a, an app called Play Magnus where you could play against myself against at different ages. And the, the, the style, it was based on the guy who built stock fish built this engine as well.


So it was based like an old version of that, but it would have my openings and try to emulate my style at certain, certain ages. Obviously it wasn't, it wasn't perfect, but it was, it was, it was a start. I think it's still difficult to build like a very good clone because essentially at, at least with traditional engines it's not possible. Maybe with AI you can, you can get there, but I, I still think we fundamentally think differently about, about chess. But yeah, maybe, Well the interesting thing would be to take you, 'cause there's so many games that can be observed and put into the calculations and then I would, I would really be fascinated to watch you play you, you know, I mean like what would that be like?


Like you play you when you were 20. No. So the thing about it is, is that you would have also, we, what you would have to calibrate is that it would make occasional like tactical blenders. Right, right. And which, which ends having factored those in. Right. They wouldn't want To. And so what we would do, what would happen in the playin app is that it would make occasional blunders, but those would be like a little bit too outrageous because it's like really hard to emulate the kinds of mistakes a human would make by, by, by the engines. Hmm. So, so, so I I think that would probably still be like the most difficult part, like the main issue in order to, to make such a thing.


If the play Magnus thing was dialed in like a hundred percent, what would be, do you think now would be the scariest age to play you? Does that question make sense? Yeah, yeah. Are you better now than ever before? No, I, I think I, I think my, I think my, my peak level is, is close to the best because chess level or proficiency at anything, it's about making use of the knowledge and making it into skill. Right. And I definitely have more knowledge now than I've ever had. But I think probably my, the combination, best combination I had of knowledge and, and, and energy and that translated the best into scale was probably in 2019, like first half of the year when I was, when I was 28 and when I was more, more like a young Caspar than I'd ever been before.


Very dynamic. Well, What is the difference between you and 2019 and you today? A few things. First it's, I couldn't play the same openings as I played then because they have been worked out to a point where they're basically, yeah, they're just to analyze reliability, un unemployable. So that's, that's one thing. Apart from that, I think I could do, like, my average level would probably be a little bit lower. 'cause I'm a little bit, I'm a little bit older and, and my brain is not quite as fast.


But I, I could do, I think most of those things, what I don't think I could do is like the other sort of best version of me, which was 20 13, 20 14 when I was in the best shape of, of my life. And I was just a relentless beast at the board grinding down my, my opponents in very long end games. Never giving them any, any respite whatsoever, like purely skill wise. That was far from the best version, sorry, knowledge wise was far from the best version of me.


But I was just, yeah, it was just like the average level of my game definitely was, was higher than because I barely, I rarely played really bad bad games at all because I was always, I was always sort of on, I had so much, so much willpower and energy. Well you're saying you were in the best shape of your life. Do you mean physically or do you mean Just Yeah, physically. Physically, yeah. Yeah. Well see there's two factors you're talking about like physical, like fitness and nutrition and exercise like that, that these things, you don't really take too much into consideration, but they obviously played a huge factor in the most successful period of your life.


Yeah, it did. But then Because you're only 34, it's only An old man. No, no, no. That's, that, that's true. But I, i, I just, I just feel it with these, these kids, like their brains are just so much faster than mine. I, I mean I've felt it for years as well that no, I'm, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not old, but I can, I, I can, I can never be at that level of pure like com computing power. But Is that generally accepted with chess that there's a certain age where it just drops off? Like who has won the world championships at like the oldest age? No, Well, back in the days when you couldn't get information that quickly, it took people a lot longer to, to develop.


And then it was considered that the best age was like late thirties, early, early forties. Mm. Obviously the drop off is not nearly as steep as it would be in, in physical sports. Like that's, that goes without saying. But I think the peak years are pretty much the same for, for most people. Like mid, mid twenties to to to early to early thirties. I think I could still, I I, I could be, I could still be very, very close to, to my peak if I focused fully on, on Yeah.


All the, the things that, that I can, that I can. Physical fitness control, nutrition, vitamins, all, all of those things. Yeah. And yeah, you don't do that. I don't understand if you're self obsessed with chess, that seems to have a primary factor. Yeah, that's, it's, it's a good thing. Like I feel like I do, I generally like do the right thing things when I'm at tournaments, but then in between, I don't know, I wanna enjoy life as, as, as well. So, and like I'm generally obsessed with, with, with chess, but I'm not always obsessed with competing. Like certain times there will be certain days, certain tournaments where I, I know that I'm not going to be at my best and I, I can, I can sort of, I can feel it and then I, I'm not able to, to to, to take it as, as seriously, like I feel like I cannot, I'm, I'm not a Michael Jordan type who has to like, go out all out in every, in, in every game.


I, I used to, but now I don't. I I don't think I have that, that in me because my main motivation for playing chess is that I love to play. I don't have concrete goals of what I wanted to, what I wanted to, things I wanna achieve. Like Does that sort of relax attitude that you have, does that drive other people crazy that you're still able to beat them? At least that would drive me fucking nuts if I was just fully obsessed and studying moves all day and just taking my vitamins and drinking only purified water. And It's kind of a thing that you're known for, right? Like a lot of other people are known to work All the time and you've kind of always, at least a reputation played the player, right?


Isn't that what you're, Yeah, and also the thing is like, I was known for, for like being fit and all of these things, but now I think there are a lot of other players who take these things a lot more seriously than I, than I do. I think the reason why I got that reputation is that I really like doing a lot of, a lot of, like, I did a lot of sports for, I was little and I've always like kind of done them for, for fun. So I think that was the, that was why like you don't see a lot of chess players playing, playing soccer or tennis or, or whatever.


Not that I'm great at any of those things, but I was usually better than, than a lot of other, a lot of other chess players. I, I, yeah, I guess I do have, I don't know, I don't know what a reputation I have for the others. Like I don't really care. Yeah, there's not much you can do about your reputation. I mean, I'm just saying like in a, in a, in a game or a sport where it, it's so computer involved and analyzed and there's geniuses wearing suits and glasses and things. You're kind of known as a laid back intimidating force with a legacy. Do you have, are there, are there special things you do, kind of like more like a poker player or anything to intimidate your opponents ever?


Like I've seen you like show up late to big tournaments where they're like waiting for you and stuff. That's really cool. That's a mito mui move. No Samurai. Yeah. Yeah. Honestly, like that's me being late is down to a couple of things. First, I hate waiting, but also I just, I'm terrible at planning, so that's why I keep showing up late. You are terrible at planning. You know how funny that is. It's literally what you do. No better than anybody. Like my planning is always based on everything going perfectly and like making a time plan based on that.


And if something goes a little bit wrong, then I'm going to be late and like something usually goes, goes wrong or often enough that it becomes, becomes a thing. Like, like as you talked about in, in, in chess, like there's this video that a lot of people have talked about where I come, there's, there's, there's a blitz game, right? And I, that's three minutes and I come like two and a half minutes late because I've been, I've been skiing in the mountains and there was a, there was an accident on the road that that delayed me like half an hour. Like most people would've planned for that had a little bit of buffer, but I was like, eh, that was probably gonna be fine.


Certain suddenly there's an accident that I'm going to be late and I'm just running into the playing hall in my, in my sweatpants and not real, even realizing that the game has started. I just thought I was so late that I should be, and I saw that everybody was there and then randomly turned out that half a minute left when, when I got to the, got to the war. So that's kind of more, How'd you play the game? Did you, did you like, have a different approach? 'cause you knew you only had 30 seconds. No, the the thing is like there you have a two second increment per move, so I'm not going to lose some time automatically. I just had to play a little bit faster, but it was, it was okay, but I, as I said, like I don't do those things to intimidate my opponents.


I'm just, that would Be such a mind fuck guy shows up two and a half minutes late. It still stomps you. Yeah. I don't think many people know about the, the, the, the skiing delay or anything. I think it was thought of as like a, this I'm, I'm a badass, I'm coming in late. No, honestly, that was like the world championships and chess, like they were being held in the weirdest places. So this was in, in Almaty, Kazakhstan, which this is like really during winter at least pretty polluted, not very nice city. And then just half an hour out of the city, you have basically the ops, you have beautiful mountains that goes up to, to three and half thousand meters where it, it is just fantastic and you can, you can like get yeah, from, from the city.


It's like an hour and you're at the top of the mountain and having a beautiful ski vacation. And I just like was so miserable being down in the city that I thought for this day, like, if I'm going to perform at all today, like I need some fresh air. I like, I need to get out of here. And so that's why I took the risk And it was, yeah, definitely not, not to to play, to play mind games because I, I, Bobby Fisher said about chess that I don't believe in psychology. I believe in good moves. Like I believe in like a little bit of both, but I'm more in his school that I just, I think I'm going to make better moves than I don't need that.


All those other things. Did you ever have an opponent that was doing something psychological that kind of messed you up or threw you off? Like back when I was a wrestler in high school, some guys wouldn't shower and it would be disgusting. Right. Is there anything like that in Chess? Yeah, that specific thing has, has happened for sure. I'm not sure if it's been, if it's been a conscious choice by my opponents, I'm sure I've been guilty of guilty of it as well. That's, that, that's true. I don't know really. I, I, I think the only thing is not to bring that up again, but I, I think when, when I think that my, my opponent might be cheating, that's, that's the only time that I'm really Yeah.


I'm really off. Yeah. It's just weird that you can cheat and do it for so long and yet still play in the best tournaments. You would think that like, like in the UFC, like say if you get caught with steroids, you get a long ban and you can't, and if you get caught again, you get an even longer ban. And I think it's like a three strike thing. If you get caught a third time, you're outta the sport forever. Yeah, No, it's the, the thing is that, but You think harsher penalties would discourage People? Oh yeah, for sure. Especially for, for online, because there's been this thinking that cheating over the board and over online is like very different. But the thing is like once people, once people are cheating online, then having these meteoric rises over the board as well, it makes me think, Hmm, that's a bit strange.


Yeah. So yeah, there definitely needs to be, to be harsher penalties. One thing that chess.com used to do is that they, they would let people sort of confess privately and then get their account back, but now they're moving to more naming sha and shaming sort of, sort of thing with the, and and banning people for longer, which I think is, yeah, it's, it's a lot, it's a lot better. But a lot of it is, is a lot of it is about incentives as well, right? Like if you, if you think that You can get, get away with cheating and there are monetary incentives to, to cheat and people are going to cheat.


Right. It's as simple as that. Yeah. Well I guess that's just with every pursuit, there's always gonna be people that look for shortcuts. There's always gonna be someone who looks to skirt around the difficult path. No, that's true. But the the thing is like, there's so little you need in, in chess and, and the engines are so powerful. Like if I started cheating, you would never know. Right? The thing is like I would, I, I would get like a move here and there. That's all I need. Or maybe imagine I'm playing a tournament, I just find a system where I get somebody to signal me when there's a critical moment.


Like if a certain move, if there's a moment where a certain move is much better than the others, that's really all I would need to, to go from being the best to being like practically unbeatable. Right? So it, it really is a scary situations and situations. There have been these cases of so many cases of people who are acting suspiciously and who are making suspicious spec, having suspicious results based on the data. But they're very, like, if you're not cheating in a dumb way, there rarely is going to be a smoking gun.


Right. And without that smoking gun, it's really hard to catch catch people. How Would you eliminate that other than security? Would you have it so there's no audience members at all and have them only in a room Together? No. So that has been, that has been done in world championships for instance. Like we're basically play, we're basically been playing like in a glass box that where You can see, where you can see where you, like, you cannot see the audience and you cannot hear anything. So it's a glass proof, glass proof box. I kind of, that's like, you kind of don't want that. You want there to be like, I really like having chess more like an eSports setting where people can be as loud as they want.


It's just you have players sit down like boxers with headsets and, but Don't headsets open up the possibility of cheating. But then like the headsets would be all provided by the organizers. Right. So some sort of Sound and you'd, you'd have to have like both, we have had that in tournament, like tournaments that you have to have white noise and some kind of sound from like Spotify or whatev, if you wanna listen to classical music or, or whatever. You can do That. Yeah. Yeah. So You can listen to Wutang clan while you play chess? Yeah. I mean, honestly, honestly, playing blitz chess help listening to music usually helps me because like doing tasks that are more intuition based, then that helps with the flow.


With longer games, you probably don't want that disturbance, but Right. I've definitely played some of my best blitz chest just yeah, listening, listening to music. And what do you listen to sitting there? Bopping. Bopping? Yeah. I think Some wild Norwegian music Ramstein or something That's actually German. But they have, they have some good, they have some good songs. No, I think my best, my just my best chess has probably been Norwegian rap. Norwegian rap. Really? What's a good Norwegian rap band that you could, a rap group that you could recommend?


There's a guy called Mr. Pimp lotion, an Oral B, Mr. Pimp Lotion, An Oral B. They're kind of, they, it's like a little bit ironic, but they're like doing like American, like West Coast rap in, in Norwegian. Oh, that sounds badass. This is a bit of a difference. One not a good One, but I, I actually, I actually did a song with Mr. Pimp lotion. Did, I actually did a song with those guys. What, What a great name Mr. Pimp lotion. That's incredible. Yeah. Yeah. My verse is like right at down. I like it too, because I don't have any idea what the words are saying Yours is at the end.


No, basically there's, yeah, the, the thing about the, the, what happened was that they did a show and they have this, this thing called Spin, which is like a moisturizer mostly used for, for animals. But like this Mr. Pimp Ocean, like he's obsessed with that one. And somebody apparently stole the, that from backstage at, at their concert. And so they, they didn't know who it was, but they eventually found out and they made a song about it. And so they had a bunch of people like send in their verses Incredible the difference between America and Norway And what the rappers are rapping about.


There's gang wars and shootings and in Norway somebody's like, who stole my lotion? Yeah. There, There, there Actually was a, there actually was a popular song like about 20 years ago that referenced specifically that in Norwegian that there was nothing to rap about because nothing bad ever happens. Yeah, That's what he's Saying. And don't make Pull out the gun. It's best that someone speak out who stole this being off know Who stole my lotion. Yeah.


Basically there's a bunch of verses like people accusing each other and then I randomly come in at the very end at and solve the mystery. Ah, Was it you? It wasn't me. I, I was, I was not at that particular show. But yeah, I think I, I, I think like the best online chess that I've ever played was probably listening, listening to their, to their music. Wow. Do you mix it up? Do you ever listen to like Led Zeppelin or No, I I, I listen to a lot of, lot of older, older stuff as well. So yeah. I'm like, I have no idea what's on the chart these days in general, but I find out through Tony.


Yeah. If I do, I find out through the young guys at the club. Yeah. I'm like, what are you listening to? What is this? Yeah. And then I'll, You know, do Shazam on it and put it on my Spotify Playlist. No, like that sometimes happens to me. Me as well. Maybe like once a year or something. Yeah. Otherwise it's, I remember like, I asked my sister probably like 10 years ago, like, I saw playlists and I was like, do you have anything from before 2000? I was like, yeah, Of course. Britney Spears baby one more time, 1999. So I'm kind of the opposite of that. That's awesome. Well, listen, man, it's been awesome having you in here. I really appreciate you doing this and tell everybody when the Netflix show is out.


I don't know, but it's, it's in within a few months for sure. Jamie, do you know I looked, didn't say, didn't say when it's coming out. Well, we'll put it up on the Instagram when it's out and it's been awesome talking to you, man. I really appreciate it. Thank you. Thanks for coming in. All right, Tony. Yeah. Fun Times. Fun time. Alright.