
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Good To see you my friend. It is been too long. What's up boo? Good to see you too. When was the Last time I saw you brother? It was like five years ago or something. Five years ago. And I, I did the show here when you were in la? Yeah. At the Warehouse. Damn. That's what I miss most about the store is, you know, traveling dudes. We, We would meet up, we'd meet up at the home base. Yes. You know, and now when I was a young comic, I would see like older comics like that I would see on television.


They would just come hang out at that bar or the patio. Just get a refresh. Yeah. And you pass by and you see, oh yeah, that's man Or city hall. Holy shit. That's Elaine ler. Right. OG right there. Right. You know, You know what? Right. I used to see her at Dodger Stadium when I were working at Dodger Stadium and I would ask her for advice and she was just, just, you know, like every comeback back day, just keep writing. She's a funny comic man. Yeah, she was a funny comic. Who's that lady that was on Curb Your Enthusiasm? She's very funny too. Old school comic. God damnit. I'm very embarrassed that I forgot her name. She hasn't done comedy in a long time. Look that up, Susie.


Yes. Susie Asman. Oh, Susie Asman. Stand up. Yes. Oh, she was great. Oh, she was really funny. I middled for her once in like fucking 1989 or some shit way back in the day. My friend. Who you metaphor? That lady? Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I forgot someplace on Long Island. I can't, it might have been like governor's or something like that. I don't, I do not remember. But I remember she was very nice. She was very funny. Very nice. Very encouraging. Which is the the best man when you get to work with somebody that you see on television and you just like start now and then nice to you. That's so Valuable. I can't believe it. Like when I, when I want, there she is. Suzy esp. There she is. Whoa. She looked like Elaine from Seinfeld.


She, Yeah. Similar But that's the haircut back then, huh? She, yeah, well they All had, what's the other lady Every lost their mind in the eighties? Ali Lieberman. Yeah. They all, they all lost their mind back then. 'cause like from the seventies to the eighties, nobody knew how to dress. They Did crazy shit With their hair. She got over her sta Yeah, they would all tease their hair up. It was crazy. There was like a big hair thing. I think it was when people started doing cocaine. That's what I think, I think is the eighties was Miami Vice and Cocaine. Everybody lost their mind. They, they lost their fashion sense. People started wear wacky clothes. Cars started looking like shit.


Yeah man, That little sob pinto Throw cars just started looking like shit. I mean if you want an objective analysis of what happens to a society when they remove marijuana and mushrooms and then they bring in cocaine, It's like, yeah. Hey you know what? It's gonna call Ford Fiesta. Yeah. Because we were fiesta yesterday. But cocaine brought a Sam Kinison too though. Yeah. You have to Real cocaine's done some good. You think he did a lot? A lot. A lot. No, no, no. It's like, it's terrible for everybody who does it, but, but I do think that there's moments of inspired creativity from all kinds of substances.


Especially that rock and roll cocaine that they used to get where it was like just real pure cocaine. It wasn't stepped on, didn't have amphetamines and fentanyl in it. All kinds of other shit. Good shit. None of the stuff you buy like in grab wraps Iowa. And I just, and I just say this is a person who's never tried cocaine. Never, never, never tried Cocaine. Don't be lying. No, I would not Lie. Never. No, never. No. I got real lucky when I was in high school. I had a buddy of mine and his cousin started selling it and he was a great guy and I watched this dude kind of like shrink into himself and lost a ton of weight and him and his girlfriend just, they had this attic apartment and they would just hang out and do coke and sell coke and they would just like watch TV and do coke. And it was Wow. It was like they got bit by a vampire man.


It scared the shit outta me. I was afraid Of cocaine man. 'cause when I started stand up, like I started stand up like in 94, 93. Yeah. And an open mic. And I was clean. I was sober over a year. I was in rehab and I wanted to be a comedian. So I went to a library to learn about writing Jean Perez. Oh. Comedy writing Step by step. Another book called How to Write Funny, be Funny and Make Money Being Funny. And that was a real great book bro. I mean it had comedy clubs locations in the back. Oh yeah. And it had Booker numbers like to submit your comedy. Yeah. Well remember the comedy USA Industry Guide A hundred dollars.


Yeah. Can you believe that? Shit Bro. I remember dudes used to take out full page ads. That's how you knew they were killing it. When a dude would take out a full page ad in the comedy USA industry guy, I'm like, wow, he's got a full page ad. I remember, bro, when we, I was looking for gigs in like in 2000. Right. And I remember this comedian named Shang and Dante. Yeah, comedian Dante. Yeah, I remember those guys. Those guys had a list of a list, like a five page list of comedy bookers names nack a number to call. And the back of the page was shitty Bookers to avoid.


And they sell it to the comics for like 75 bucks. Wow. I got lucky that I was in Boston and Boston had, there was, that was like the boom happened in Boston when like Steven Wright got on Tonight Show. Everybody found out about Boston, but it was already this like crazy community. There's a great documentary called When Standup Stood Out. You had that guy on the show here. Yeah, I've had a few of those guys on the show. Yes. It Was like a Chinese restaurant. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. John Gavin. Yes. Who Was one of those guys legends. Steve Sweeney legends. They, I still say to this day, they're some of the best comics I've ever seen in my life. I've seen them murder harder than anybody I've ever seen in my life. But it was just very regional, very local.


And a lot of it didn't translate nationally for some reason. Like Steve Sweeney in Boston in front of a Boston audience is the funniest guy that's ever lived. And I'm not kidding, I'm not exaggerating. He would get like Boston accents and Boston attitudes. It would be all big part of his act. And dude, it was murderous. If you had to follow that, you were fucked. You were fucked, man. And they would do that to dudes from out of town. It was the most ruthless, cruel shit they would do at Nick's comedy stop. They would take these assassins, these local assassins and stack them one after the other. It would be Kenny Rogerson, Don Gavin, Steve Sweeney.


And then they throw up some headliner. And this poor headliner is used to soft acts on the road. He's used to being known for the guy who was on television. Hey folks, You know, so I'm Mike, You know the sitcom. And they tried to do standup and just they were getting eaten alive. He's talking about nuggets, bro. Those guys, the guys who were up there all coked out. Oh yeah. They were working the crowd. They Were wild boys too. They were big like football player sized, wild, crazy drinkers and parters. And they were funny man. And so, because there was this like love of comedy in Boston, they had all these comedy nights all over the place where you could make a living so you could be like a half-ass comedian like I was.


And you know, you can make 500 bucks a week just hustling, just moving around. That's what we all did. So there was so many places that you could work and so many like little booking agents and like, like Western Massachusetts, you'd have to go out there like, you know, like there's these weird towns that are like liberal hideouts, you know what I mean? Like universe, like Amherst, you'd get like Amherst gigs. It was weird. Like Massa, Massachusetts other place. The other place you got a beef from there to pronounce it. Right? Which One is that? The one Is that that they you it for a steak sauce. Oh, Worcester. Worcester. Yeah. Yeah. It looks weird. I was 2010, I was doing last Coming, standing there and I got to a day early and I hung out with a co, a Boston comic.


I think his uncle Is that com The guy that caught that was missing in action, the Irish gangster. Oh yeah, Yeah. David Bocher Is a comedian. Yeah. And he, and they, he was, I said, yeah man, we performing wor sir. And then he, he took the joining. He goes, no bro ster. Okay, Thank you for telling me bro. Yeah. You don't want to say, Hey Worcester, Sean, nice to be here. They would fucking kill you. They're like, that's where the great Stu Doug Stanhope is from. Yeah. Worcester, Doug Stanhope started in Worcester. I love him. He's The best.


Alright, it's February and by now 80% of people have probably abandoned their New Year's resolutions. And it makes sense. Life can get crazy and All the sudden you don't have the time. But one easy habit to stick with is Ag One. It's an easy, realistic habit that you can make to benefit your whole body health Ag One makes hard to get micronutrients easy to get and replaces multiple vitamins and supplements with just one scoop. You just mix it in some cold water. Take a nice moment in the morning to do your body right. And honestly it tastes pretty good. It's not easy to pack this many high quality ingredients with this much nutrient density. But Ag one makes it happen without added sugars or artificial sweeteners ever. Ag one is a great way to invest in your health now and in the long run, which is why I've partnered with them for so long. Try Ag one and get a free bottle of vitamin D three K two, and five free Ag one travel packs with your first subscription@drinkagone.com slash Joe Rogan. That's a $76 value gift for free when you go to drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan, check it out.


I had a first comedy album, the one he did with Roaring or something. Oh. The one where we He did with music in the background. Yeah. That was great. That's a great album. There's a place like that. A Boston place, but not in a documentary. But Will Durst is a Francisco comedian. Sure. He had a room like that called the Comedy Zoo or the The Zoo. Holy City Zoo. Right. Holy City Zoo. Yeah. And there's a comedian that came out of there that's a killer comic and he's still alive. And he opened for me and he opened for Rob Schneider and Papa and he, he opened up a lot of people. Larry Bubbles Brown. Oh cool. And he's an old school guy after every Joe, he goes m But he did the letter, he did Letterman in 1992 and then he did it again in 2006.


So he has a record for doing Letterman between 30 years. Wow. But he one of those comments that like never left San Francisco, There's a few of those guys that got trapped like that. Yes. Yeah. That were like really good guys. Remember that one guy in Chicago? Fuck. What was his? Larry? Larry Reeb. Larry Reeb. Remember Larry Reeb? He was a guy like that. Like a really solid national act. But it was so Chicago, it kind of stayed around there mostly. But it was like every now, and you'd find towns like that. You had like one murderer that lived in the town. Bob Marley in New England. Yeah. Yeah. So Maine, Bob Marley was the murder of Maine.


They and Robert Shimmel was Arizona. I love Robert Shimel man. Yeah, He was the best. He was the best. He was such a good guy. But he was, he lived in Phoenix And it was somewhere in that area, I think it was Phoenix. But for him it was like, it was easier to get around the country that way. And he didn't wanna be a part of l he was like one of the first guys that I was like, oh, you could like be a big time comic and not have to leave your state. Like you get to a point where you can live in Oklahoma. Like Larry, the cable guy does probably, where does he live? He lives in like somewhere like Georgia or something like that. I don't know in the country. Where does He live? He was from Orlando. Is that where he lives though? I don't know. I don't want to give up his, I'm not trying to dock him where he was from. He's like on the radio there. But I think, yeah, he's definitely from there.


I just don't know if he lives there. Probably shouldn't say where he lives, but that dude is, he could be anywhere. It doesn't matter. Like you could, you could just go anywhere. I just see his face when I go to El Paso comic strip and All the, the dudes you're talking about, they were all there. Dude, I remember Josh Wolf showed me a picture that he took when he was on stage and they were doing, it was like 60,000 people. So Larry, the cable guy was doing like 60,000 people and, and Josh Wolf's like got his camera and he is like moving around on stage. Like that is the craziest fucking thing I've ever seen. That crowd is so insane. That's how big that guy got. Thousand people man. And he was another dude that got hated on for no reason other than his success.


It was like, for some reason everybody couldn't believe that you could say offensive things as a joke in a character all of a sudden. And it had, so it coincidentally happened at the same time as him getting super huge. It's like you guys are just fucking haters. That's crazy how when they, they start hating the, the character but not the person. Well That's the dice thing. Yeah. Right. Just like the guy with that. They used to have that puppet in New York. Oh, Ren George. Yeah. Greg Giardo, when I opened for him back in the day, back in Addison Improv, he told me that he would say the nastiest shit.


That puppet and this lady threw, threw shit at the puppet. But not at a Otto, Bro. We were talking about it Tuesday night in the green room. We were talking about how that puppet was kind of possessed. And I'm not even bullshitting, you know Otto was out there. Yeah, Otto was out there. I mean he was out there. Everybody, I mean that dude partied. He went hard and he was a genius comedian. But he would get rides to gigs and say Pull over. I gotta check on George. And he would, in the fucking side of the highway, he would pull over, pop the trunk and check on the dummy. Wow. His buddy.


Weird Man. Weird man. Weird. Someone. Whoa, there he is, Bro. Someone stabbed that dummy once. Yeah. At Danger Fields. Some Puerto Rican guy. He was the, the dummy was saying Puerto Rican jokes to this guy And the Guy fucking stabbed the dummy. Stabbed the Dummy. Was it, was it a knife or a sharp bed Spring. A fucking knife Or a sharp bed Spring, bro. Something, anything. Whatever. Whatever you got that you polished down to a point. You Ever watch the, the fabulous Miss Maisel? What's That? The fabulous Miss Maisel is about a female comic growing up in the fifties. On Amazon? No. Oh, fabulous. Mrs. Maisel. Mrs. Maisel. Oh, she's Mrs. All right. I I her I thought you were saying something in Spanish.


That's hilarious. You ever seen Max? That's hilarious. I literally thought you were talking about, remember a completely different show. Do You remember the ventriloquist that did like a one minute set on a Show? Yeah. Well, so like Ventriloquist now it's like, it's one of those things like with Carrot Top, he's like so successful at props that no one does props anymore. But when we first started out, everybody did props. There was like 10 guys on a lineup of 20 guys that have props they bring with them on stage. 'cause sometimes it was really funny. Rusty Dooley. Yeah, Rusty Dooley was great at it, but it's like the, he owned that for whatever reason.


'cause Carrot Top got so big using props. He's the only guy that still does it, that he kind of owns that. And then with Jeff Dunham, he got so big at being a ventriloquist that like, there's no ventriloquist anymore. Like we were kids. There was always comedy ventriloquist. There was like Willie Tyler and Lester. Yes. Remember there was like a, it was a, it was a fun thing. You could get the dummy to say fucked up shit. And then you'd go, I can't believe you can say that in front of these nice people. And then George would be like, fuck these people. They he would tell everybody's fucking cock. It was like, it was crazy. What's another one? Woody. Woody in the hood. Yeah. But with Otto and George. It was a little different man.


'cause I think George, I think Otto believed that George was alive. I think Otto believed there was something about George that was different than him. Like he was not Otto and George. He was just Otto and George only existed when George was there. And it seemed like there was something going on with that. And it might be just because he fucking fried his brain to the point where he was connecting with, you know, all kinds of energy that wasn't even there. You know, I He might have been out. He was out there. He was out there. But the, The combination, they smoke crack together. One if they smoke crack together. Yeah. He probably made George smoke it. Yeah. This famous auto crack stories.


He, I mean he was, that guy was gone. But he was also brilliant. He was really funny. Man. Fucking funny. And we in a comics comic, like we would all sit in the back of the room to watch when he was on stage. But, so there's a lot of those guys that are like real genius, but they're real eccentric. And for whatever reason, the general public doesn't find out about 'em. There's not like a good vehicle. At least back then there wasn't for them to get out to the general public. Like today, I would say an example of that is like Brian Holzman. Yes. Right. Like Brian Holzman, we've known forever. He's always been a guy we all watched. He was always the guy at the end of the night. Especially if something fucked up happened.


Like there was a plane crash, like someone got eaten by a lion. It's Funny because you, you mentioned a plane crash. 'cause I was there when he did that joke. I was in the back of the co comedy store. He said American Airlines is hiring arena. And then he said, and because I remember who's he, I remember who survived that airline. And he said, fuck that. Everybody says, how come they don't build a plane out of the black box or stepping next to the back box? Sit next to a fucking baby. Baby survive. Let me hold that baby bitch A baby on the way down. Baby survived. Yeah. A baby survived an airline at the flight one time.


And he said, oh, I wanna hold that baby. I wanna hold somebody's baby in an airplane just in case it goes down Jesus. 'cause if a baby survive, I'm gonna survive. Jesus. You Have to see him say it. I don't think we're doing it Justice. Yeah man. I'm fucking it all up. My favorite one was when Susan Smith got arrested for drowning our kids. He goes, I heard those are bad kids. I heard they sat that close to the tv. They didn't put away their blocks. Those kids will not be missed. The the fun thing about Brian is if you know him, like in real life, he's like the sweetest guy on earth. Mm. He's such a sweetheart of a guy. Like super friendly to everybody. Loves everybody. Like he doesn't even have an enemy. Like Brian Holtzman has no enemies. He's always sweet and friendly.


And then he gets on stage and it's like he becomes like his version of George. Yeah. Yeah. I I hung out with Brian Holtzman. Brian, I hung out with Brian Holsman and his mom in San Antonio, Texas. Oh wow. Because we were doing the the Latino Laugh Festival. Oh wow. And he was the only non-Latino in the show. Him and Darren Carter. And bro, they was all Latinos bro. Everybody was getting shit. Johnny Sanchez pronounce his name like an American and somebody out loud, it's Sanchez fucker. How did they say it? I don't know. He said, my name is Johnny Sanchez. And then somebody said, no, it's Sanchez with five a's Sanchez.


Oh boy. So you got heckled. So they Got heckled for saying it.


This episode is brought to you by my friends at Black Rifle Coffee. That's all I drink folks. If you see me drinking coffee in the studio, it's Black Rifle Coffee. It's 'cause my friend Evan Fer, who owns the company, I love 'em to death and they make the best coffee in the world. They put together the best energy drink in America made with 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine, low calories and absolutely zero sugar. It's available in four new delicious flavors. Project Mango, ranger Berry Freedom Punch and White Frost Veteran founded and veteran led. Each black rifle coffee purchase you make helps them give back to those who serve our nation. Shop now@blackriflecoffee.com slash Joe Rogan with the code Rogan for 30% off. Or visit your local grocery and convenience stores Black Rifle Coffee, America's Coffee.


Yes. Was the name in a non-Mexican way? Yes. And then Brian Homan goes up there, Bro, it's rough out in those streets. Yeah. And Brian Homan goes up there, he said, he goes, this is not a comedy show. I close All the doors. I went, I goes, border patrol's gonna come in here and take care of everybody And brother. But this is after, this is after we were doing this taping. The typing Mania shows up there a guest spot on our taping and goes long, You know, really long, you know, like Jeff Valez looking around. So then that's when Barry Holman goes up and murders it.


He goes, man, I gotta figure out how to, how to this immigration problem. Man. We got a bunch of U-Haul trucks, U-Haul trucks. We go around to every Home Depot. You got these people. Yeah, we're hiring bro. There's lots of jobs. Come on, get in the trucks. We fucking take these trucks. We drop 'em off in Tijuana, Mexico. Yeah, He Would, you have to see him say it. He start screaming and shit. Ah. But it's also like he's playing this bizarre psychotic character that only comes out when he's on stage. He's the most different when he is on stage. And He held his job too, when he had a job at that Probably. He always had a job. That was the problem. New color guy. That Was the problem.


He never hit. He never hit the road. He stuck around the store. Because like I was saying, there's not like a path for those guys. Like, nobody wanted Brian Holman to open for them. That's too weird. No. You Know, his, He belonged at the store and now he's found a crowd at the mothership. This shows that the mothership, there's also out like he, he's hilarious. People come to see him and he didn't have a path before. It was like, there was like, you know, he's too weird to put on a television show. It's like, it's like you gotta, you really want to be in the room. That's what it is. Yeah. This like, if anybody is way funnier in the room, it's Brian Holzman. The, the discomfort, the weirdness and the way he works around it when you're in the room is so fun.


And every show's different. Every Show's different. And he's always talking about new things. He's like, I mean it's really like he channels this fucking character. It's like he, he should be two different people. He should be Brian Holman, the super nice guy and then whatever the fuck his name is, when he is on stage, it's almost like he needs a second name. Mitzi should have done that a long time ago. Mitzi used to call Joey Fat Baby. Do you remember those days? Yeah. So someone has one of the lineups that they got from Jeff Scott. And on the lineup it's got everybody's name and then, you know, 15 minutes. And then it says Fat baby, Fat baby. She wanted him to be called Fat Baby.


Weird advice sometimes man, the managers give you the Terrible clubs. Terrible advice. Can't listen to any of 'em. I've never, I know man heard what? Good advice. I was bummed out one time. 'cause you know you have to go back and forth, back and forth till they make you a regular. And I was trying at the Laugh Factory and one time Jay style that he told me, I don't see you making it, man, for another six to eight years. Oh boy. And then when I finally got last cop standing, I looked at him, I said, you are Jamie, your everybody was full of shit. Took fucking took 12. It took 12, not six, but I was bummed out when he told me that. I was like, bummed out. You know, you get bummed out. Like you realize you put all this work in and like, you know, you can't be a regular here, so you gotta go back to these other rooms.


I talked to Brad Williams and he said, fuck that advice bro. You know what he told me? He said, he told me that I should get All the little people I can find in Hollywood. All of 'em, All the little midgets, All the little pe little persons and bring him to the Laugh factory. And Jamie said, you can have the biggest little person show in all of Hollywood. That was his advice for Brad. So then I thought I was, I was not feeling so bad after that. Then I talked to Alonzo Boden and he told Alonzo Boden that he should put on shoulder pads and be a football comic.


So Joe, after hearing that, I don't want to cry anymore. Oh my God. He had some terrible advice. I think it was, he was giving advice. I think it was, he was giving this advice to Todd Parker who was telling him it was either Todd Parker or Robbie Prince. Two guys that I knew from Boston. One of 'em, he was telling him, I think it's Todd, you've gotta be generation X guy. Wow. This is what you're going to be about. You're going to be Generation X guy. So from generation X, this is how I see the world buddy. Like everything was as a genera generation X guy. Like, and he was like, that's the worst advice I've ever heard in my life. Like, why would I do that? But people would have like schemes for you.


But the thing is that they, they're just trying to help. Yeah. But the the no one knows how to do it other than you. And you gotta figure it out. No One can tell you. Yeah, they're like outdated too. Like who would've told Mitch Hedberg wear sunglasses and sometimes turn your back to the crowd? No one, no one Mitch Hedberg would be killing with his back to the crowd high on heroin, all non-sequitur for like an hour and a half. They have stage fright. He was just crazy, you know? Brilliant. You worked with him, you met him. I met him. I didn't know him well, but I, you know, I knew him enough that it was a bummer when, when he died, I remember I was with Stan Hope we were filming something and we found out that he had gangrene, he got admitted to a hospital, he had gangrene.


You're like, yo, gangrene fucking kills people. Like, this is fucking scary. And you know, he just had a problem. He just liked that heroin and he didn't wanna stop. Like people wanted to clean him up. He did not want to get cleaned up. It's like, I am not interested. I did heroin one time, but I didn't show it up. I just smoked it. But I was in Amsterdam. Dude, it doesn't seem like anybody has a great old time with the rest of their life once they start doing heroin. Yeah, it just, it's like cocaine. It's the same thing. It's like, I think there's probably moments of brilliance that have come out of heroin though. I I, I definitely do. And I think about 1960s music. I think heroin and LSD affected a lot of rock and roll in the 1960s.


And cannabis for sure too. And probably mushrooms. But you know, the, the thing that it always kills you. Like everybody always, it always ruins everything. They all died young. Everybody like, but Morrison 27. Hendricks 27. Although there is a wild conspiracy about Hendricks. Yeah, Yeah. What you hear that he was killed by his manager. Mm. The conspiracy. There's so there was one of his bodyguards, right? Is that what it was? Jamie that wrote this book. How did he die? I think he died of his asphyxiation from throwing up, you know, which is one thing that can happen to people that are doing drugs, but the bodyguard, I th I believe this, don't hold me to this, but I believe the story was Hendricks was gonna leave his manager, his manager was mobbed up.


His manager was like a scary guy. And his manager was making a lot of money with Hendricks. Hendricks is trying to leave and he's got the rights to the Hendricks catalog and he kills Hendricks. So his former roadie. So the thing that's compelling about this is shortly after this, his girlfriend James Tappy committed suicide air quotes by being thrown off a roof. So they got rid of Hendricks and they got rid of his girlfriend if that's what really happened. So the, he was the benefactor, allegedly of the guitarist $2 million life insurance policy. $2 million. Okay. Worth around 1.2 million in 1970.


According to Wright, Jeffrey told him about the crime in 1971, a year after the 27-year-old Hendricks was found dead in a London hotel. He said I had to do it. Tappy Wright claims. The manager said, you understand, don't you? I had to do it, you know damn well what I'm talking about. We went round to his hotel room, got a handful of pills, stuffed them into his mouth, then poured a few bottles of red wine deep into his windpipe. Hendricks was found dead at the Samon Hotel on 18th of September, 1970. The cause of death was recorded as barbiturate intoxication and inhalation of vomit. I could still hear the conversation, right?


Wrote of Jeffrey's confession. See the man I'd known for so much of my life, his face pale hand clutching at his glass in sudden rage. Hendrick's manager died in a plane crash in 73. So this guy's dead that supposedly did this. Listen man, they did that back then. They were gangsters. There was gangsters running everything. If there was a lot of money to be made, scary people moved in and it became a real problem. Yeah, man. Gangsters own a lot of stuff that a lot of people wouldn't wanna own. Like a gay club. Yeah. Like in LA they own All the gay clubs. They were not raided because they were paying.


This episode is brought to you by better Help people like to throw around all these red flags. You know, things someone says or does that you don't like, which is fine. But instead of focusing on the negative All the time, why don't we focus on the positive? If you're looking for a romantic partner, think about what traits you like to see in a person. If you like to work out and stay in shape, you might wanna find someone who's also health conscious. Or if you like to travel, you probably want to find someone who's just as adventurous. Now, once you're in a relationship, it's a whole different ballgame and things aren't always going to be perfect. But that's what therapy is for. Therapy is an excellent way to work through any problems. Even the small ones, like say you and a loved one have been fighting a lot lately, but you still really wanna make things work. Therapy can serve as a mediary, it can help you identify the problem and teach you positive ways to address it. If you're new to therapy or want to try something different, better Help is a great place to start. It's convenient and affordable. Since everything is done online, it's already helped over 5 million people worldwide. Connect with a credentialed therapist. Discover your relationship. Green Flags with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/jr to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE lp.com/jr.


But if you want to talk about something like that, like would, would, would a a manager kill a client for a life insurance policy back then? Yeah. I read this. They didn't even have D back then. Man. I read this where I, this is like crazy, right? My mom didn't like vis she liked The Beatles, right? And asked my mom, how come you don't like fucking vis he's badass too. Oh, 'cause Vis said that I'd rather sleep with, have kids a dog than a Mexican woman. And I said, when did he say that? And and he goes, he said it. Then I found out later on when I went in a rabbit hole, Babu, it was a colonel. The colonel spread that The colonel spread That because he didn't wanted to, he wanted to keep him in America and not tour like anywhere.


The Colonel was an evil dude, man. Yeah. That that by the way, that Tom Hank's performance is fucking fantastic in that Elvis movie where he plays the colonel. Yeah. Is, you know, when you see it like, you appreciate how a guy can really like become a different person. Like he becomes this creepy manager guy, this manipulative, gambling, creepy manager guy. I mean, it's fucking genius man. It's so good. Like you're really, you you, that's what's crazy. Like you forget that's Tom Hanks. You're like, oh, but you really got a sense of the relationship that Elvis had with this dude Because Those constant get cra look, there's famous and then there's Elvis famous in the 1960s and you don't even understand what that means.


No one understands what that means. And he was the first one to be like that. Imagine that. I know, man. Imagine walking into a room. You just go, you want to kiss and a kiss. But just imagine just trying to navigate life as a human being. And you are literally the most desired person to be around alive. Like, you can't walk down the street. People scream and they cheer and they run at you. Women faint. They cry. And there's never been someone like that before. That's what's crazy. 'cause this is the first time you've seen a guy on television and he is on television shaking his hips and so they go crazy. No one ever done that, huh? No. No. You never had a pop star on TV shaking his hips like he's fucking Yeah, it was too much.


Did they cover it up the first time? I think they cell show show they Did something where they were upset at him because they didn't know he was gonna do it. I think it was like, I think he was actually gonna get fined in some places. Like you weren't allowed to shake your hips like that. Like this is how crazy being Elvis was Badass. This is one video or picture of Elvis that I like besides the one you have here, you know, the arrested or when he's, he's playing outside an outside event and he's wearing all black and he's fucking young as hell. And the papa door looking good, the blue eyes are shiny. He is like, Bro, And everybody fing. And There was no Elvis before Elvis. That's what's crazy.


So he's like this one guy that becomes way more famous than any entertainer ever. And then he is got an evil manager and then he is doing pills and then he's just living in paranoia and the whole world don't make any sense. Nothing makes any sense. It can't make any sense. You have no peers, you have no one around you that's like you, no one around you that can understand you and you're being protected by some guy who's like siphoning money from you. He Was doing shit little gigs. Right? Like he would leave, do like a two hour show, then leave, go do another two hour show somewhere else Day. I I think he got into a financial bind, right? Oh, isn't wasn't that a part of the movie? And then he got that Vegas residency, bro.


The Vegas residency is probably convenient because you don't have to go anywhere. You know, you know where you live, you know where the gig is. Like Carrot Top seems to like it, but I don't think I could do that, Bro. From musician though. Like I always is great. Yeah. Oh yeah. But even like comics can do it. A lot of comics do it, you know, it's, I just don't know about living in Vegas. I lose my mind being in the same place seven days a week. 14 shows The people that live outside of Vegas. Love it though. If you live like in like Henderson or some of those places, like, they're very, very nice places, but it's still, you're still connected to this place where people go to get psychotic.


Like, you know, there's some weird energy about that. I, listen, this is not a knock on Vegas. I love Vegas. Look, I, I love New York City. Ari fucking loves living in New York City. I can't live in New York City. I can't handle all that. I gotta get the fuck away. Some people love it. You can, everybody could love everything, but it just seems like that it's like Vegas is a uniquely crazy place. People go there specifically, like, we're gonna go to Vegas. It's like, it's in the title of the state means craziness. I know, man. You Went Vegas every, every day. Probably like 50,000 people show up. It's every day. And then you got rodeos coming into town and UFC fights coming into town and fucking Concerts.


Great Raider fans. Ah, It's a fucking wild ass town. I, I love being there. I just don't know if I could live there. I just, it seems like it's almost a little too crazy. Hey, Skimm through the hole. So this is Ed Sullivan show 1956. This Is the only time, this is the first time his hips show up on the screen is 10 minutes into this. Yeah, He was wiggling his dick too much. That's all he was doing though. That's a lot, Jamie. What do you mean? That's all he was doing. That's offensive. After This aired, they said they wouldn't air him from the waist down anymore. Isn't that crazy? But They obviously he's barely, it's barely shown. It's so crazy, bro. He probably had it. Look, his big old dick keeps slapping at his jacket. That's what it is. Look, if you see that side, back it up a little bit.


That's what the problem is. Jamie, look at that jacket popping up and down from his big old elbow. His dick. Yeah, man, look at it. He, he didn't assemble with it, Bro. He's he's making his jacket pop with his dick. I'm with the sensors. Had a big dick. I'm with the sensors. Of course he had a big dick. Yeah. He had everything hit everything. He had voice talent. Beautiful. You think he's gonna have a little dick? Hell man, All those gifts. How Tall is he? I don't know. He's probably at least six feet tall. 21 years old there 20 Kid, man. Wow. How, how can you manage that? How can you navigate that at 21 years old? It's him. I know, man. Bro, it's him and Michael Jackson. These are the two case studies and people that got too famous. But sometimes I wonder man, like how would I handle that much success at that early age?


Bro, you wouldn't. I know, that's what I'm saying. Also, like, you wouldn't, you Would go crazy Bro. How about you? Crazy. I would've go crazy. I would've been sitting with a big fucking cold sore. Yeah dude, I got lucky. My, my fame ascent was a slow drip. You know, like over time. Oh bro, it was a, a Slow drip. Mine was like that little mountain guy on, on the prize is right. Kick Kiki. Kick Kiki and then stopping along the way. Bunch of haters. Kiki. Kiki, Kiki fighting with other comics. Coke here. Yeah. El compadres too long with Joy Diaz. Yeah. El Compadres is a spot. 64 years ago. Today more than 60 million people watch Elvis Presley perform on the Ed Sullivan show.


Elvis. Wow. 60 million. That's so crazy. But that's how it used to be, man. When and that's why losing control of that is so devastating to mainstream media. That was what it was when I was a kid. There was three channels, dude. There was N-B-C-A-B-C and CBS and that was it. And then all of a sudden there was Fox and we were crazy. Did have, we got A whole nother channel. Local channels too though. In your neighborhood. Yeah. Yeah. Like Yeah, we definitely did. Especially, yeah. We all had, everyone has local channels, so you always have like the local NBC network which have like, You need those. Somebody gotta play karate movies. Yeah. We didn't even have cable. Like it didn't exist. We have Like, you have to realize how nuts the world was when everything you watched on television was just television.


That's all you ever saw. Like, there's no cable. So you have four channels if you're, and you felt so lucky to have that fourth channel. It was, you got Crazy Simpsons married with children came on that channel. Fox changed the whole in living color. Yeah. Changed the whole like feeling it was different back then of what channel was. It's crazy that Fox is now connected to like conservative Republicans reporting the news. But it's like Fox, when we were kids, was married with children. The children, it was, you know, it was like the Renegade shows. It was The Simpsons. It was, you know, there was a bunch of like fun shows that were on Fox. Fun shows, man. Living single. Yeah. But in Living Color to this day.


Yeah. I say is one of, there's two of the greatest comedy. Like Saturday Night Live always gets it for longevity. 'cause it's crazy. They've been around so long A CTV but For like pure funny for me it's like in Living Color and Chappelle show. Yes. And I feel like you don't get Chappelle's show unless you have in Living Color first. I feel like it there, I I feel like In Living Color broke Open the door for chaotic sketches that were like really funny man. Wildly offensive, really fun. I mean, to this day, like there's a lot of shit on in Living Color that if you tried to do like in the height of wokeness like three or four years ago, bro, they would fucking call for your censorship.


Yeah, Yeah man. They would come for you. Especially When Damon Wayins and David Gui were doing Men on Film. There's an episode where Yes. Where fucking the camera falls. They gave it two snaps. Yeah. The camera falls on Damon Wayan and he becomes heterosexual all of a sudden. And then David GUI starts touching him. He go Make it your f away from me, man. Ah, that episode, How about when he played handyman? He played a mentally retarded Ah, I love that one. Oh my God. He Played, that's my favorite movie. Yeah. A handicapped superhero. It was. And He made him a superhero movie about him. Oh my God. Handyman. He would fly like this.


Yeah. Dude, this, this show was Wild, hilarious. Wildly offensive, but so funny. Even Fire Marshal Bill, bro, you making fun of a fire victim? I just gonna, I was just gonna bring that up. Lemme tell you something. The guy's fucking whole face is burned on Jesus Christ. My daughter's a burned victim by the way. That's harsh, bro. That's what you'll get. Yeah. It's a wild that shows like that. That one Bro ahead of his time. Oh, way ahead. Well so was that other movie we were just talking about that Ace Ventura. Ace Ventura, yeah. Yes. When you find out that she's a, a trans person and the dick comes out and everybody starts throwing up.


Ah, ah, Ah, first of all, I don't buy it. Even if she had it turned to that photo again. No, this was multiple photos. That's Sean Young, right? That's Sean Young, Yeah. Yeah. When she was hot. So even if she had a dick, there's a lot of guys that would be like, listen, nobody needs to know about that dick. Nobody Needs to know about that matter. That dick Is between you and me. And I gave you, I Remember one time happened to me, bro, I just looked at it and Wow, that's a big ass skin tag you got right there. Duh. Skin tag. Yeah. All those shows. Like, I mean, what are the other great sketch shows? Mad TV had some bangers. Matt tv There was some bangers on Matt tv, but it's another show that's like Second City Tv.


I Watched that growing Up. So many kids in the hall. Kids in the hall. Kids in the hall. Kids in the hall was fantastic. That was great. You know, I, I was a kids in the hall fan, but I, I didn't really start watching it like really get into it until after I'd met Dave. Like I didn't know much about kids in the hall. I knew it was funny. I knew everybody said it was funny, but I don't think I'd ever even watched a sketch. And then I became friends with Dave doing news radio and then I started really getting into it. I was like, oh, this, that guy had a very unique, or still does have a very, very unique sense of humor. He rewrote like, I don't know what percentage, 40% of like the lines on news radio.


Like on the set. Yeah. He rewrites things All the time and he was always like coming up with a better way to do something and always had like a sense of like a pacing. Well that's a totally different thing, man. When you're making sketches, like sketches a to like, to be able to do that and do a lot of like really funny scenarios that are unique. That's a very, It's hard rather stand up 'cause we want to end it, huh. Well, it's a totally different way thinking. Yeah. You know, Gillian Ke is another fantastic one that, that to this day, like the problem with that show is like, it's got this amazing fan core fan base, but it doesn't, it's way funnier than the amount of people that have seen it.


It's way funnier. Which is crazy because Shane Gillis is one of the biggest comics in the world. Yes. He's funny as hell. He's one of the biggest comics on earth. Like he's selling out arenas everywhere. Yes. But yet people don't realize how good Gillian Keys is. It's like, there's the one where they do the OnlyFans Dad. It's one of the hardest I've ever laughed in my fucking life. It's so funny. It's so funny and so crazy. And because no one's telling them what to do, they're just doing what's funny. And that's what got fucked up. There was so many fucking nannies around everybody telling everybody what you can and can't say. And so many subjects you, you can and can't cover. Like you gotta stay out of the way. Just like the managers in the early days.


Yes. When they're telling you Be clean, You need braids. Yes. You know, braids bro with beads. And you'd talk about the beads when you're on stage, you're like, what? You Know, wear a suit, shut the Fuck up, get outta here. I mean, what type, bro? They told me to wear a suit and I wore it and I saw Joe Deer wearing a suit and I said, bro, you look ridiculous. Huh? Because Joe Deer, he was wearing a beanie. I remember I called him the co Coca-Cola bear. He got mad. Suits are a weird move, but they're so, they're sometimes fun. I've worn suits on stage before. It makes you feel different. It does. It really Does. Do you feel like you're gonna like change your posture or No, you just feel like, not feel more of a motherfucking professional bitch. Look at this. And a well tailored suit is what you really want.


The kind like modern suits you can move in them. Like they have like stretch to them, which is different than, you know, when I, when I was a kid and I thought of suits, I thought of like, you're handcuffed. Like you can't move good. Yeah. Like you can't kick someone with fucking suit pants on. You know, you, you can't move. Well, I know look All the, I always see Johnny Carson and his suits. Yeah. Those two suits look tight as hell. Well It's just, they, the fabric suck back then. If you, if you, especially if you're a bigger person, You know, if you, you lift weights or something like that, if you have muscles, the everything's gonna be constricted and tight and all fucked up. It's not gonna fit good. So Suits. Now, if you get a good one, like I got mine made by David August.


They do 'em for the UFC and yeah, I've had 'em make a bunch of suits for me. They're, they're amazing. They, they do it to your actual shape so everything fits perfect. You, you, I mean, I don't wanna make fun of the other guys, but you're, you're announcing, You know, you're a big muscle guy, but it doesn't look like you're coming out of that suit when you wear it look real good on you. Yeah. It's because they make it to your shape, You know? So, so It's real comfortable. You look sports man, they're about to just come out. They're like fucking orangutan, bro. They're like, like, fuck Mr. Hyde. Ha. Well, you know, a lot of those dudes are bigger than me anyway. That's bigger than Me Too. There's a certain size that you get, like if you put the rock in a suit, it still looks ridiculous. It's like, what the fuck are you made out of, dude?


First Time I met him backstage at the UFC and he had cowboy boots on. Right. So he's, it doesn't even seem like cowboy boots. Yeah. He don't even seem like a real person. Like when you meet him in real life, you're like, how, what, what the fuck are you? He's like a, like a superhero. Yeah. Like you're seeing like a real live superhero and a super nice guy, man, he came and worked out with us. We all worked out. Tony Hinchcliffe, Derek Assan, we all fucking lifted weights together, hung out, got in the sauna, Shane Gillis. We were all just chilling with the rock, working out with him like no cameras, no nothing. I was like, let's fuck. We don't have to put post this. Let's just have some fun. He's like, fuck yeah. He was cool as shit. Cool as shit, man.


Wow. That's amazing man. It Was fun. I, I enjoyed talking to him. It was a good guy. I was in the airplane at, at the America Delta and I saw Jason maoa. Oh, he is another one. And I said, a little too handsome for me And I just said, what's up? No, I didn't know how to meet people. I always, I always have weird people. I said, Jason, I just like that Jason, what's up? And then I didn't know that we were, we were sitting almost close together on the airplane. Then he saw me again, bro. Then I said, what's up? Then I felt like I creeped him out again, man. And then my wife was recording him, bro recording him. But I was on my phone. He thought I was recording him, but I met him in a Whole Foods parking lot.


I met him in a Whole Foods parking lot in Woodland Hills. I was going to pick up some groceries and he was there too. I was like, what's up man? How you doing? What's going on? We were talking, I think that was before he did Conan, which I, I still say to this day, the movie's not good, like the Conan movie, it's kind of falls apart. But the way it looked was amazing. And he played Conan and he's the perfect Conan. Like, that's what Conan would've looked like. He wouldn't have looked like a body belt. No disrespect to Arnold. Yeah. Because he looked amazing. But it's like Conan was just a big giant warrior. And when he played that guy, what, what was the guy who played on Game of Thrones? Crackle or something like that? Oh God, I Can't remember. He was fucking incredible at that. He played with like, That's Conan man.


Yeah, that's Conan. Someone needs to do a good Conan the Barbarian movie. Go back and read the Robert E. Howard books. The books are great. It's this super depressed dude. And like the 1930s. There he is, writes about this Barbarian Yeah, Kyle Drago. That's right. There he are two people get mistaken by Bro. Get a, get a photo of him when he was Conan Jason Momoa as Conan bro. He was the perfect Conan right there. That's what Conan's supposed to look like. That's, That's how I I'm supposed to look Too. That's the perfect Conan. That's the Conan. And you believe is real. That's a guy throwing a sword around his whole life. Fuck.


And fighting off dragons. He's not a bodybuilder. No. He looks like that. That's what it looks like in the book. Like, that's fucking Conan. We're identical. That's Conan. I mean, someone needs, he, the guy's still capable of playing this character. Someone Please me. I wish Quentin Tarantino was into Conan. Quentin, if you're hearing me, please read the books. Quentin Tarantino doing Conan would be the most epic thing of all time. Could You imagine he would do it right Or Beast Master, if He was into it, he would have to be into it. I have no idea if he's into it, but If He was into it. But If might do it, Somebody should do it. It'll Start with the, the the ending.


It'll be like the ending of the movie in the beginning. And what confuse Somebody should Do it confus us. The b the books are great, man, because it's, it's all from the mind of this tortured, depressed dude who winds up killing himself. It'll be the first time that you'll see a k that movie with everybody saying the N word over and over. I don't think they had that word back then. I think if you want to do it right, They'll make it, they'll make one up. I think if they really wanted to do it right, they should probably do it the way, like Mel Gibson did Apocalypto. That was a badass fucking movie, bro. You felt that movie bro. Right? You but you, you know what I'm saying, like hearing the people say it hardcore and, and the same thing he did with the passion of Christ. They spoke in the language And it was all subtitles.


Like they spoke in the language So you were transmitted exactly how these people were saying you felt like it was real. Like Apocalypto, You felt like it was real. Like there was no English in that movie. That, and it is a blockbuster movie that is a wild action adventure movie That went with hardcore man passion of the Christ Anna Capto. Yes. There's something about being sucked into hearing the actual language of the people that would be doing this. That's so much better than 'cause like whenever they do like Game of Thrones or something like that, in another country, sudden everybody has an English accent. Yes. That's How they do it. Instead of talking like an American, you can't talk like us. 'cause that would just throw people off. So you have to have some sort of a proper way Of speaking.


Kinda like the Exorcist man. Like if The Exorcist, the devil would've had like an Irish accent. It would've been a totally different movie. But, but the Latin accent, the whatever language. Latin language. Right, right, right, right. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Fuck yeah. You like. Exactly. Exactly. You don't even know what the language is, but you're fucking scared. Right. It has to be exotic. You can't have the devil going, Hey, you fucking piece of shit. I'm gonna fuck your eyeballs. You Break it on my garage. Yeah. You can't have the devil talk 'em like Jerry Seinfeld. I speak in absolutes. Yeah. You can't have the devil with a whiny voice Or a Boston accent. You know, I'm, That was the scariest thing about Mike Tyson is he had his voice, his like voice that was so easy to make fun of and he fucking murdered everybody.


He was knocked your As out. It Was almost like he was begging you to make fun of his voice. Dangerous dudes. Yeah. It was almost like he was like begging you, you're Like, like you bro, you, you're like, you're like one of those guys. You're like to someone who doesn't know you personally, you're like, try me. No, I'm not like that at all though. I'm real. If I Didn't know you and that's why you walking down the street and you're not Joe Rogan, I'd be like, okay man, this guy's good fight. He's healthy. Stay away from him. I'm friendly. That's what we all need, my friend. We need friendly. But you've been friendly since day one, though. I was talking to the your driver rebel about when you gave me that solo pipe and then you say you stopped using it because of butane.


Yeah. And I remember I was telling that I, I I, the reason they called solo pipe, because you were supposed to use it by yourself, but I remember I told everybody, you gave it to me and everybody wanted to hi it. And by the time I got it back, it was fucking hot. Yeah. I remember those things. I, I try to stay like, I think if you're smoking a cigar, like butane is the way to go. You know, you burn the end of it, but you don't want to like keep doing it. You want to, I feel like a certain amount of this is a chemical no matter what. Like that's a chemical. You only want so much of that. You really should probably have matches if you're gonna light. If you're gonna smoke a cigar matches, yeah. You really probably have matches. And I think if you're like a super cigar nerd, they do it even further.


They take cedar and they light cedar strips and they use that to, to light their cigar. Those are super nerds. Cedar strips. What is That? Cedar strips? Dog pieces of wood. They light little strips of wood and they light from pure wood. Then they light their cigar. There's super nerds when it comes to cigars. Like they get Into it. Oh, that's what that guy said. Iner guy in New York. Gimme some ember. Gimme some ember. Ember. Oh, that's, that's, that's that. Em what is ember fire? Oh, oh Shit. Yeah. So these guys, they, they take little cedar strips and they light 'em on fire and they light their cigar from the cedar strips.


So this way you're not getting any of the butane fumes. I don't even know how much you would get. I don't, You know, You can buy it later. Yeah, sure. You know how to work it. No, to think back. We're probably gonna find out that, Okay, Every time you burn a lighter near you, you inhale like 10 times more than you're ever supposed to in your life. We'll, We'll probably find something like that out someday. It can't be so good to have convenient fire. Like fire that quickly means like you've got some funky gasses that you're burning.


You're burning some funky gasses in the air. Oh, horrible. Because I remember like lighting a match and then you get that ugly ass fuel. You know what's Real bad? What? Scented candles. Scented candles apparently are not healthy. Jamie, Google that. Maybe I should say some scented candles. Maybe there's a way to do it organically. We should find out if that's true too. 'cause that would be a good thing to know. Because I think there's some things in some scented candles that you're not supposed to inhale. And when you're a person that likes to have candles and who doesn't, they're cool. You wanna have candles in your house, has dope. Like candlelight dinner with a bunch of friends is dope.


Right. But I think it's the scented ones. It says It's the ones that are made from paraffin. The ones that are made from paraffin of the problem. It's a cheap byproduct. Primarily sourced from the refinement of petroleum. So you're burning petroleum paraffin is the most used candle wax worldwide according to the National Candle Association. The major trade association representing US candle manufacturers and their suppliers. So it's all candles made from paraffin. However, few studies on candle emissions or their potential effects on human health exists and conclusions from the research are mixed. There is no overall conclusion that paraffin candles will either, excuse me, either will or won't harm your health.


Says pulmonologist. Dr. Soia Faruk, a clinical assistant professor at the Cleveland Clinic Learner College of Medicine. But the risk may also depend on various factors including candle type and quality. How often and how long you're burning it. The airflow and the space where you're burning it, your health status and more, well, easier. Either it's not good for you or it's fine. It's, these are the options. It seems to me like there's a little gaslighting going on here. Like, how could it be good for you to have petroleum burning in your house? I want you to show me a study that that's like tell to measure the fucking air in the room when you have three candles. Measure the air in the room when you have four candles.


Measure. Keep going. Tell me when I'm gonna get lung cancer from this shit because Wow. Yeah. Benzene. A known carcinogen is another VOC rel released by paraffin candles. Hawk added long-term exposure to this chemical has been linked to blood disorders such as leukemia, when inhaled benzene can also be a respiratory irritant. Which means it could probably, yeah. Fuck. Fuck. So people think candles are cool. It's like, it's, oh man. But what about, what is, what is a candle that you can use? Like can, there's gotta be candles that are not bad.


I hope all those candles that I've got in a massage parl are safe. New candle. Oh, now candles made from soy wax, bees wax or steering coconut oil or animal fats are often considered healthier. But anything that is burned, emits harmful particulates or chemicals, Evan said. So these candles also release VOCs into the air. It's just that paraffin wax is usually more polluting according to Oh, great. So they all suck. The risk of toxic emissions is greater when candles are scented or dyed. Which is another reason why paraffin free candles aren't immediately in the clear. This, this is because artificial fragrances have VOCs, including phthalates, which have been linked to learning and behavior problems.


Obesity, impaired development of the reproductive systems and more. Evan said the unscented candle in the 2015 research also caused concerning concentrations of toxins, but had the lowest amount compared with its scented counterparts. Yeah. By what ratio? I wonder how much lower candle. Oh. The National Candle Association maintains that candles are safe for use in the home. A spokesperson said in a statement, first of all, you can't totally say anything's safe. 'cause I, I was dating a girl once and she burnt her fucking house down with candles.


That's exaggerating. She burned a wall in her house. What was she doing? She just let her candles burn down and something caught fire and it like lit the side of her fucking bedroom hall. Like her. Her wall was on fire. She liked candles. So they're not totally safe. It's fire fire's not totally safe. Fucking lighters aren't totally safe. You can't say it's safe. Like you could, you could definitely do something stupid with it. Yeah. Like, you know what's safe? Marshmallows? Marshmallows are safe. Not if you light 'em. It's not good to eat. They're bad for your body, but they're fucking safe. They're not gonna kill you. Like Unless you're burning them to mix smores with a lighter and a fork.


You know what's supposed to be really bad for you? Paper straws. Paper straws have those forever chemicals in them. See if that's true. Otherwise we'll have to cut this out without getting sued by the paper straw industry. Oh, speaking of straws, right. Everybody knows that paper straws came around because everybody saw that video of that turtle or that straw on his nose. That's the only reason why we started looking at paper straws different than everything else. Right? Paper Or plastic? Plastic. Okay. Plastic straws came about, what did I say? Paper plastic straws came about because of that video of that turtle with the plastic straw in his nose. Right? Remember that?


Yeah. That was it. It was the inner nose. Right? Yeah. Deep, deep in the turtle's nose. New studies sound found that 90% of paper straws tested contained forever chemicals or PFAS compared to 75% of plastic straws. So even plastic straws have those fucking chemicals in them. But it's even worse for you to use paper straws. Paper straws assessed by researchers at University of Ant Belgium ant were found to contain more forever chemicals per poly floral Fluor alco. How do you say that? Give it a shot. Philippe Polyflor. Yeah. Substances. Or PFA Ss than plastic.


But all of 'em are bad for you. What it's basically saying is that even straws, 75% of plastic straws have tested that they contain forever chemicals. That's not good. So all of it's bad. We should probably abandon the idea of straws. I Like McDonald's straws. The big fat One. Here's what you don't want a metal straw and a Stanley and then fall on your face. Oh fuck. 'cause people have done that. Idiots. Well, listen, I've fallen before. You know, money, I've No, but I've fallen before. I'm, I'm an idiot with a straw. No, I haven't. But I would imagine, like I would, you know, just because you fall with a straw doesn't mean you're an idiot. But it, people gotta be aware that that's basically a metal shank that's gonna go right through your face.


Fuck You up if you trip. You gotta carry that thing if you're like clumsy, like as if you're carrying a knife. Like move it away from your body. You know? Don't catch your body with it. If you fall down and it stab Yourself in the face. I know you, you wouldn't let your baby hold that. Why are you holding it? Yeah. Yeah. Why are you holding that? You're not ready for that yet. You ain't ready. Well, especially if you're clumsy, clumsy. People should really know they're clumsy and be super careful with what they're Carrying. I'm Are you clumsy? Yeah, man. Don't carry a Rake. I was outside over there going, I I was holding that baseball and I thinking I'm holding that baseball and I'm looking at the werewolf and I'm thinking, looking at my wife. I bet you I could throw a knuckle ball and make it right in a fucking loud werewolf mouth.


He goes, he goes, you done fucked something up upside down. Yeah. Don't fuck up my werewolf, bro. That's one of my prize possessions. And even if you could hit it, what is that proof? Don't wanna break the werewolf's teeth. What are you trying to prove? Felipe? I still could throw a knuckle ball off. Were you a good baseball player? Hell no. No. But you had a good knuckle ball or no? No. I was good at playing street ball with a tennis ball and I could make, I had a good junk on a tennis ball and we was put over like a regular fast ball. Yeah. And I to make that shit, man. That was good. Dude. We used to play stickball in the street. That was fun. We were kids. I don't get that game. I, I I Wikipedia the other day to learn how to play. 'cause they're having like a, a stickball tournament in New York last week when I was there.


Yeah. That that's the video I saw. That's awesome. That Yeah, because they were having a tournament. Other veterans that used to play stickball New York showed up to play and these guys, oh, we slid on Concrete, bro, Bro. But I never knew the game. 'cause in LA we play over the line. That's a good way to get a staph infection, huh? Look at that sliding On concrete. Good way. They're getting pumped. Yeah. That looks like a guy who plays really good stick ball tennis squad. Yeah, it's a city thing. A roof stick. Right. When I played, when I lived in Jamaica Plain, which little place outside of Boston we played that we should play stick ball on the street. It was, people get mad at you hit their car with a tennis ball.


It was stupid. But kids are just always looking for something to do back then. Now they're all online. I Used to play crazy games growing up, bro. That I'm pretty sure kids don't play that anymore. I used to play this game, this game called Voss, which called eggs. We used to put like a bunch of holes on the floor with your name on it. And then somebody will throw a tennis ball and whoever the ball lands in that hole, that person has to grab that ball and fuck somebody up in the back before they get, make it to the wall. And that person you hit has to grab that ball and then hit people on the way back before they get to the other side of the wall. And if you miss everybody, you get a egg on your, on your little hoe. And once you get four of 'em, we all take turns fucking you up with a tennis ball while you're just stand there like this.


Jesus Christ. Yeah. There was no cable back then. And we didn't wanna join gangs. I think you did. And we didn't wanna read. You guys had a soft core gang. We didn't have no Boy scouts. That's a crazy way to make friends. And we have you together to play suicide though. I, I don't remember. How's it go? It's a handball court, a wall, and you throw a ball and there's five kids and you catch it. But if you miss it, everybody starts fucking you up. No, I never played that until you make it to the wall. No, I never played that. It comes suicide.


Never played that. I'll tell you, you know, everybody stand by the wall and you throw the ball against the wall. You try to catch it. And if you miss, they, they fucking jump you till you get to the wall with the ball. Fuck that. That's how I You got videos of a j suicide. Oh my God. I's kind Explaining. Oh my God. Requires at least two players could have as many as can be accommodated by the playing area. This is funny, when they take a game like this and they break it down, like these are the rules. We did play wall ball. We did, we called it wall ball. We called It wall ball. Did you do Like That? It was honestly, yeah. So if you fuck, if you fucked up, you'd have to stand on the wall. People could throw the ball at you. There it is right there.


To fucking them up. Yeah. They're all Ball open until the player touches the wall. They're open to be pegged struck hard with a thrown ball by the player who caught it. If a player become comes into contact with the ball but fails to catch it, they're also open to be pegged. Yeah. I mean, that's what it was. It's a tough word to use, but That's what it's Getting Hit by. A tennis ball is a good thing to get hit by though. Right? It sucks. Like if someone's throwing it, it sucks, but it's not gonna kill you. There's Always this asshole kid that didn't like that kid that was gonna get hit and he'll put that fucking ball in a shitload of water and mud. Oh, That's a problem. He's cheating. He can't cheat That guy. Oh, also remember if that person that supposed to get hit by the ball runs home, we'll fuck.


We'll fucking chase him home bro. Beat him up in front of his mom. Boy, that's why cable's important. Yes, Man. That, That's why the internet's important. YouTube, you gotta keep people pacified. TikTok saved your life. Imagine if it did. Imagine if it saved a few lives. People just at home scrolling instead of out gang banging. You know? I mean, everybody gets addicted to it. If you, you just, you don't go out and do terrible things because you just scrolling and staring at your TikTok. I know, man. I wonder if kids do shoplift for fun. I bet they do. You know, there's been like famous people that have been caught shoplifting. I think a lot of people who shoplift You shoplift When you were little.


I did. You were hungry. I got No, no, no. I was just dumb and young. And I got caught When I was You don't do it now, right? No. You see opportunity? No, no, no, no. I did it like a couple times ever. It was like candy bars and shit. Oh. When I was like, I was just hanging around with a bunch of bad kids. And we would do that. We would go, it was like, it was a thrill. You'd go to a store and steal something and I think we probably did it two or three times and I got caught. I don't do it anymore, but I felt so stupid. I know, but sometimes I'm walking around and I see like, like a pack of donuts, but they're far from where donuts are. Right? Like they're by the shoe and they're open and I'm like, I'm all high looking at the donut.


Like, damn, you're lost. Joey Diaz used to swipe lighters from seven 11 just to stay sharp. Anybody He had money. Even he had money. He would swipe blinders Just to stay on his toes. How you doing brother? I saw him swap. I saw him do that while he's talking to the guy and he put his Snickers. Yeah, he is. Get some hand movements to distract you. I Think that was a game, man. That road coming would do bro, on the way to a gig. Who could shoplift the most shit out of the gas station. That's not good for our reputation. That's not good for our reputation. But you get, get Power bars, traveling, Entertainers.


You get power bars, gas station food. Man. Those, those times when you're on the road and all you're eating is garbage. Hell yeah man. You gotta buy a grilled cheese there and put pork RINs in it from the package. You gotta take a chance with the bean and cheese burrito that you microwave. You have to like open that strip of plastic. Those were good though. They were when you were hungry. Ramones, Every now and then you got like good food at a gas station and you're like, why doesn't everybody do this? Like, sometimes you go to a gas station and it's like a gas station, but it's also like fried chicken, a taco Spot. Fried chicken. Fried chicken cheeseburgers. You're like, damn, those cheese. That looks like a legit fucking cheeseburger. Okay, Where am I? This place is dangerous here.


I Mean, you would make more money, right? That's what Bucky's figured out. Go, You know what the fuck you want. We got it dude. We got barbecue. Pickled dicks. Let's go. We got eggs, cheese, milk. You can buy a house. You can buy a fucking sled. What do you need? You need fishing Poles. What? You need a, you need a hamburger. What else? Shed Yeti Cooler. And a Traeger grill. We got those. We got a shower in the back. If you wanna shower. They're Making a Disney Bucky's and it's gonna have rides In it. You know, there's a lawsuit. No going on with Bucky's. There's a a, they're claiming that these people copied their logo. Which one? The chucky's? No, there's another spot that has like another kind of an animal. Yeah, they do that With all that's knock off. They knock off and that wherever that is, they knock off all sorts of stores.


I'll try to find that. Is it in another country? Yeah, I think so. Oh, I thought it was in America. Yeah, it's In Mexico. Really? Oh, interesting. Oh, Mexico loves to do that because there's a fake I've seen that. No, no, no. I've seen that. That's not it though. That's the, that's the fake Buckys in Mexico. Put that picture up again because there's a, put that picture up Again. Oh my God. So there's a fake in and out in Mexico too. Oh, that's so funny, man. That's so, And there's funny, there's a fake in and out in California Too. Yeah, I've seen the fake in and out in Mexico. There's a fake one in California. Yeah. It's called Easy takeout. And I think they used to be, they they same, same uniforms, same stand, same burgers.


But they, they just added a breakfast burger. It's called Easy Takeout in West Covina. Wow. So they copied the, the logo. This is very similar here. They're Oh, Lucky's. Oh, Lucky's lucky. But this is what the lawsuit's about. Same city to temple, LUAS, Mexico. Oh yeah. They even got a little gap in between it. Bucky's Knockout. Lucky's spotted. He's lucky to have two teeth. But that's the one in Mexico, right Jamie? They both. They both. I told you they both did. They're both. But I don't think this other one is in Mexico. I might be wrong. Month ago, two months ago, Bucky's taking legal action against Mexican Competition. Shut up. That's The only thing that came up. I like, I was looking A little further. Okay, well I What was that animal? That was like a he The Buckys is beaver Ca Bro.


Right. So what was that other animal? What was the lucky? Who's lucky Is lucky? A rabbit. Like what is lucky? Lucky is also a Beaver. Okay. Oh my God. No, really? He has a papa door though, Right? Lemme see. Where's Lucky's? What A bunch of dumb asses. Oh my God. It is a beaver. What is it? Something he wearing a so Oh, it's a raccoon. It's A raccoon. Oh, it's a raccoon. Oh, okay. No, you can't do that. He's A mask man. He's a bandido. Why can't you do that though? Why can't you have Harry's? Or how about George's? And have Curious George the good, you know? Yeah. Get together. Little franchise. Curious George.


Everybody loves Curious George. Would That be okay? Like if they have George's, would they get sued? Enrique, they have a different lawsuit. Let's see. There is a different lawsuit. So Super Fuels trademark infringement. Lemme see. Because you imagine if like the owners, whoever owns the, the, Oh yeah, this is even, this is a little different. Whoa. 'cause it's like a, I see that Super fuels. Oh, see that's the one I saw. Super fuels. So there's, it's just they're saying it's because it's got a smiling animal And the red hat. See, I don't know. I'm not on board with that one. I'm trying to see what they're trying to, I'm not on board with that one. I can, I can't think that you could own the idea of having any kind of cute animal as a part of your logo.


That seems kind of ridiculous. I don't understand copyright law. But doesn't that seem like a little ridiculous to you? Yeah. Lucky. Like what if it's a, what if it's a cat and you make it kitties and you have a cute little cat? Are you telling me that I can't make a business called kitties? That depends where you're, where you're doing business at and how, how much of a copyright you have. Kind of like, is it nationwide? Did you have an international copyright? Which is really tough. Right? But is that a copyright infringement? If you have kitties? It depends on what if if you're not doing, I'm saying business. Imagine someone has a copyright to the ability, I mean, I don't understand any of this stuff so clearly I'm talking outta my ass. But imagine if somebody has a copyright to just owning the ability to use a cartoon character in your logo.


That seems completely insane, doesn't It? Yeah. But the, what's his name? There's the comedy club in Tommy Tees. He used to have the Lauren Hardy, the, the, the, what you call it, the Lauren Hardy logos. Lauren Hardy. Yeah. Yeah. It Was like, yeah. And for his comedy club. Oh. And he got, he got sued by Bozo the Clown. He owned the, the Comedy Bozo owned Laurel and Hardy. Yeah. The, the the, the cartoon. Any, anything that you put cartoon on it with Laurel Hardy's face. Imagine going back, watching Laurel Hardy Imagine show showing somebody that had no idea about American culture at all. Yes. Going back and you show them Laurel Hardy and then right after you show them Chappelle's show, when Dave plays the blind white supremacist.


Yes. That's black. Yeah. That guy. But imagine, imagine seeing like what this is what comedy started out as. And this is comedy later. That is a wild ride. Yes. Man, That's a wild ride. The ride from like Abbot and Castello. Yes. Who's on first? Who's On for Eddie Cantor, bro. Who's Eddie Cantor? Eddie Cantor was the first comedian to do radio. And and he was, because I have a History for Fool's podcast. So I learned about the, the, the history of standup comedy. Plus I read that. I watched the documentary, but he was one of the first guy.


But he was a, he was very clean bro. He sang and Can we hear some of this? Hear some of this Educated, He was getting paid $500 for five minute shows on radio. How Yeah. Can you were the first per right guys to have a radio comedy show. What is it? I'm trying to hear what he's saying. What is he saying? He's thinking some fog Nonsense. Clever know if you of of looking that far ahead by the dumb as they come, the better.


I like them because the dumb ones know how to make love. The dumb ones know how to make love. Yeah. Jesus Christ. The dumb ones know how to make love. That sounds like something Theo would say on stage. And I like him dumb. He'll be on the radio bro talking and then he'll pinch the chicks in their butts. Oh God. Yeah. And then like, they wouldn't say nothing. And finally a woman said something, Mr. Canter and he had her fired. Hmm. Well kind of remember like people back then were basically barbarians. Yeah. 1920s people. Bro, Back then it was, it's World War one bro Back then for a standup comedian.


Like when I found out was imagine you do a gig $200 back then. Right. And the promoter says, no, I'm not gonna the gangsters, I'm not gonna pay you. And that's, you don't get paid. And they, he'll call the cops. You have a couple of three vagrants walking around now town and then your three comedians walking around town with no hotel. Yeah, no pay. And they're gonna pick you up for being a hobo now. Yeah. You could get stiffed for sure. But that was back then brought up with a hard time. Imagine from then to now. Well, I'm thinking there's probably still a lot of shit gigs like that out there for a lot of guys that are coming up. But it's just now there's more real gigs. Yeah. Better gigs. Well, it's comedy's more accessible, You know, because of YouTube and everything comedy's just way it's everywhere.


You know, everywhere. Like your special, well tell everybody, oh, I have segue a special right Now. What a segue. Yeah. I have a special right now on Netflix. Raging Fool. We shot at the CRE Theater in Sacramento, two shows. My wife directed it and nice executive produced, she executive produced all my specials, but we shot it with our own money and we paid everybody and then we, we, we sold it to Netflix. We made like a two year deal. Oh, that's awesome. So we Owned so you did Great. I like the love the track tracksuit. Yes. Because a raging bull. 'cause Raging Fool got because a raging bull. I love the tracksuit. It's dope because I was watching that movie Raging Bull. Yeah. And I was thinking that when Jake Lama had nothing left to do in his life, he had nothing how to make money.


Right. He said, You know what, I'm gonna be comedian. So, and I felt like, wow, he has nothing else to do with his life. So he figured out the I'm gonna do standup comedy because that was the last thing. And then for us, it is like the first thing, Well that happens to the actors sometimes too. And their careers kind of dwindle. They start doing standup that happens. And he had like, he, when he was, you saw the Moira Ra regime bull when he doing standup. Oh yeah. And he's at the, he's at a bar called Jimmy's Corner Bar. And that bar's still there. You know, Stanhope was friends with him. Really? Yeah. 'cause the guy, that guy lived down in Arizona where Stanhope lived. Oh, That's cool man. Yeah. He's Like got photos of him hanging out over his house and shit.


Yeah, yeah. Jake Lamato was Stan Hope's boy. And that's a real story man. Jake Lamato was a character. Yeah. That was a wild fella. A wild, crazy fella. And God, Robert De Niro nailed fucking nailed it now. Nailed it. Huh? Nailed it. I mean, nailed it. Like he looked like an animal when he was Jake Lamana, like the younger Jake Lamana. Did you fuck my wife? Yeah. Oh Jesus Christ. He was so scary. He was so scary. 'cause he was just outta his fucking mind and so dangerous. And it was based on a real guy, man. I mean, I mean the, the movie is real close to how that guy was Jake Lamato when he was in his prime.


He was a fucking monster man. I like when he looks at his hands and he goes like, he, he don't like his hands because they're, they're not, they're not big, I guess. He goes, I can never be a heavyweight. Yeah. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? Crazy. That's crazy. That's a different kind of human man. And back then there, there was a lot of people like that. This is, you gotta go back and put your mind into what it must must've been like to be Jake Lam growing up and like, what, so what, what year was Jake in his prime? What year did he fight Sugar Ray Robinson? Let's ask that. Jake Lam versus Sugar Ray Robinson.


62 59. 42 42. 2 42. Okay. Madison Square Garden. 1942. So you gotta imagine, wow, you gotta just put your mind into the type of people that lived back then. I mean the, the like cars were new. Sewage was new. Like people had been coming over in boats. Crim criminals were everywhere. Crime was everywhere. Organized crime was the, the rule of the law in All the Italian communities, the Irish communities, You know, that was the thing. 42. Wow. Yeah. This was just the United States. It's like you ever watch that movie? Gangs of New York?


Yes. Fucking great movie. Right? That's a fucking great movie. And probably pretty accurate. Yes. Like roughly pretty accurate. The way life was back then. Some of those gangsters that were in that movie were actually real people. I believe It like that woman in that movie. I think you talked about it, the one they used to collect ears and put 'em in a jar. Yeah. Yeah. She was an actual one. A real person. She had a bar where people, where people would just put, have a jar full of pickled ears and noses from period fights. Oh my god. Jesus. And they would have fights in the back with a mon goose fighting a dog. Oh my god.


Gangs of New York. Man, that movie is so, because we don't think of New York that way. You think of New York as like New York City. Well it was kind of dangerous in the seventies then. You know, Giuliani cleaned it up and then, You know, it's pretty commercialized in a lot of ways was still a beautiful city. But New York during the time of that, when whenever that film was supposed to represent was a wild, crazy, almost like wild West type place. Crazy. Like, we think of wild, we think of those kind of scenes when you think of a wild West movie. Right, right. You think Yeah, The go bad and the ugly. Yeah. You think Of people getting stabbed and shot and, but that was happening over there too. It's like, it's not like, it's not like it never happened on the east coast and they only did it on the West Coast And it was on people.


It was happening in the whole country. The whole, and they, they had just gotten, I mean these people had just gotten done with a fucking civil war, right? Yeah. Because Back then, you gotta think 1940, you go to the, like the 1860s to the 1940s. That's not that much time. Nah, That's Pretty quick. That's 80 years. 80 years. A lot of those fuckers are still alive. Still alive. Yeah. Same mentality, same craziness. And Then you got more immigrants, more immigrants coming in on boats. No YouTube to watch just a, a women of prayer. Someone told them to come. I always think about that man. Like when the, when the Jesus, I always Yeah. Her, she Supposedly was real. She was Maggie. How cat, Maggie, Jesus Christ.


I, I think about the, when the, the Irish are coming in at the same time as when that, that movie is happening and they told em, you want a free meal, you wanna fight for your country. And they give 'em a uniform and their families Gopuff to New York and they Gopuff to fight the south Jesus Christ. Just imagine coming outta the boat and someone just hands you a gun and a piece of bread and goes, go fight for America. And I think about that like why some hardcore people right there man, You want Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hardcore people and Different times man. Desperate. Yeah. And then people look old older than than they do now. Oh yeah. They look, go quick. Yeah. Like you look at a person's photo and he go, how old is that kid?


He look like 70. Oh I a 25-year-old kid working in a coal mine. Yeah. Working in coal mines. Those people all got sick. They all got fucked up. I mean, that's environmental pollution that you're signing up for. Like you're gonna go breathe cold dust no matter what everyone gets, they all get horrible fucking, what is that? Black lung, black lungs. That's terrifying. Terrifying. And then you've got people that just live around coal plants and they're breathing that shit and they don't even, they're not even a part of that business. I know, man. Like Wilkes Bar Pennsylvania, bro. There's a place that we showed a video once. It was, was it Indiana, Jamie? Yeah. Yeah. So there's like three coal plants near this city and these people, they can wipe their windshield and they have black soot on their fingers.


Shut up. It just Falls here in America. Yeah, it's in America. So these people are for sure breeding that shit in for the Pittsburgh, Indiana. Oh, Indiana. Yeah. That's Scary. That's scary. And and that's a fraction of what's going on in China, bro. Oh yeah. 'cause when I was, I was in, I was in Seattle and I was waiting, I was crossing the, waiting for the car to pass. I was going to my show and I saw a a, it was like a two a mile train And it was all coal, coal, real black coal coming from Minnesota. And I asked the cop that was standing there, i, I go, I didn't know we still mine coal. And he goes, well I, we, we, we don't use it but it's all going to China.


Really? Yeah. Like it was like a mile bro of coal and and it had no cover on it. That's crazy. And it was just falling. They said that, well I don't know how much coal flies. I don't know shit about coal, but I just know about the guy told me there was a mile train of coal coming from Minnesota on that one line. And it was a boat. I could see the boat where, where it was going. Wow. And it's all going to China. Yeah. Yeah. They're full steam ahead with coal. Hey, Someone should check to see if maybe they know something We don't. I know, man. What are they producing with that cow? They're doing a lot. I mean they produce so many of the things that we need, which is one of the craziest things that we all found out when everything got locked down is you couldn't get anything.


'cause so much of what you wanted was made in China. You're like, oh my god. Or made in Russia or made in anywhere where they had to come in on a ship. You know, like that became a real fucking problem. I thought it was made in Akron, Ohio. Yeah. They hardly make shit here in comparison to what we consume. We consume way more probably, I would guess, than any country of a similar size. And yo dog still rocking the Samsung. I love it. A love when a comic holds out and doesn't go iPhone. Oh no man. I like a bigger phone. And the little pen. You Like the pen? I love the pen. You one of those guys. Which one is that? The, is that The, is that S 24?


Yeah, it's that one. That one S 24 Ultra. Yes. Yeah. Is that the newest one or the one right before it? Right Before It. There's a new one that just came out. It's pretty Dope dude. A year and a half ago I think. No, yeah, that's the old one. Yeah, that's the S 24 Ultra. I have that one. That one's sick. It does a lot of cool shit. Good videos, right? Yeah, it's great. Granted a lot of stuff. But what the, the interesting thing is the ai. So what I like about it is I can go to a website and if I open it up in the Samsung browser and then I'll, I can say summarize and it'll summarize the website for me. Oh, did I know that? Yeah. So if there's something that's taking forever for you to get to the point. 'cause you want me to keep scrolling and scrolling and scrolling and scrolling and scrolling while you show ads all over the place.


That's a trap. So it'll just tell you, oh, there's an asteroid that might hit earth within the next, you know, fucking 60 years. Like, oh great, there's a 3%, what is a percent chance down to 1.5 today. Thank God. Usually only 1.5%. I think I take a pictures like I could take a picture of you Right. And then do that one screen. Yeah. And then I circle it and it'll find a sweater for me. That's cool. Yeah. That's really cool. That's, I think that's available on all phones now. I think the new iPhone update has that as well. Where you can Google search a thing and it'll show you where to buy it. That that's what my, my wife always wanted. She wanted like to have it where you watching television and you pause it with your finger and make a circle and then it, it just ships to your house.


You Know when people are gonna be fed up with that thing when first of all you can only buy so much shit. But second of all, like what, what happens? Like, you know those, those glasses that they wear now? Those meta glasses. Have you seen this Harvard Kid? Oh, the one that, the one that You can record now? Yeah, I yeah. Seen those, some Harvard kid figured out how to use facial recognition software with that. So he sees you, gets a photo of you immediately gets a Wikipedia on you or whatever the fuck is available online. Sees your Instagram page, finds your address. And it was wild. You're like, wait, hit the brakes Sound like the T 1000 Terminator.


Yeah. It's like hit the brakes. Hit the brakes. But I don't think they can, I was there there a movie like that. Yeah, there's been a bunch of movies like that. Yeah, We was, rod Piper was like that wasn't it? Oh they Live, they They have The glasses. Yes. Right, right. But that was aliens. I think about that when when, when you, sometimes when you have a guest and go, wait a minute, he's talking about those glasses from Roddy Piper. Similar, I think the Roddy Piper glasses. You put 'em on, you could see what everybody really looked like. You could see through the whatever energy field they were projecting. Yeah. It was these alien creatures that were pretending to be people. And there's a lot of people that believe that. Now I'm less inclined to believe that, but I'm open.


I would wanna get tricked. I mean if there really are people that are actually aliens that are amongst us that look like people and behave like people. I actually, This this is the guy. I figured it out. Yeah. This is this. Try to say his name. Felipe hit me with it. I What's the first one? Right Here. Right there. Try that. Oh It's is fu Ian I think. And KN or Dolo? I don't think they say Nu. I think they say Gwen. Right. Because there's been a few fighters in the UFC Vietnamese fighters that have that same spelling. And I think they say it as, can you find out how they say it Jamie?


I don't. So it's Anou Gwen. Okay. I can see it. Little Dutch there. And Kane. RD Theo Art. Art. So they figured out how to do This making up name now? No, this his real name man. That just explains that anybody can do it. My name is Whoa. Can but can you scroll so we can explain? I mean, do you want how it's possible to do it today? How to remove your information? Oh geez. It's literally like the instructions. So it's just showing how to remove your face from face or search engines, which you're not gonna be able to do eventually. It's getting weird out there.


Fe Philippe Flip phone bro. I did a black face, green face bro. I had a friend of mine who came in here the other day and he, he's down to a flip phone and his flip phone was interesting 'cause it has a Android on it. His flip phone. You can actually get text messages on it and you have a little tiny ass screen on the flip phone where You can kind of clumsily type your way through a sentence so you don't have to do it with like a full keyboard. Like an iPhone or your phone. Yeah. But you also, it's inconvenient. So you don't text as much. You don't go on these long-winded diatribes. Like a lot of people do. You just real simple. The whole screen Is on there. But you gotta n navigate All the way around to read everything. Yeah. The, it's a, I remember those. It's a tiny little ass screen.


Yeah. It's got regular buttons to make phone calls. And then on his little tiny ass screen, there's a tiny ass keyboard about that big. And you get in there with that tiny ass keyboard and you try to type a text message and then you can put send. And so it's inconvenient. So you don't go on Twitter, you don't check things out, you just get your text messages. It can do other stuff if you absolutely fucking need to. But live your life bitch. And he was in here with that. I was like, man that seems cool. But I like watching YouTube on my phone. Yeah. So I don't know what to tell you. That sounds like the Larry Bubbles brown from San Francisco. Yeah. He still has the flip phone. David tell Wow. David tell has a flip phone. Yeah. You should see 'em. Text message. Do they have, it's Hilarious. Do they both have the original phone numbers when you first met them?


No. No. They've all changed numbers. You have to change every now and then. It's, you know, you gotta purge. Gotta keep moving. I think I still, I still have my same phone number for the last 20 years. Damn. One of those dudes will hold out. Yeah. You know, sometimes that's good. But it gets annoying sometimes. You know, it's all in. You gotta manage your time. You say your phone number a lot. Nice people. People I trust. You gotta, man, you gotta manage your time. Yeah. You know like, and the thing is about a guy like you is like your headlining, you're on the road. Dudes wanna open up for you. You got the Netflix special, they wanna hang out with you.


It's like you gotta manage your time. 'cause you can't give your time away to everybody. Like there's a certain amount of time you need for yourself. If you don't have that time and need for yourself. You Gopuff the rails. Yeah. You gotta, you gotta take time to recenter All the time. All the time. And if you're constantly getting this and that and that, you're constantly interacting. You're never alone. You never without I'm Shit fighting with people. Yeah. I like, I get in a sauna and I stretch out every day. I get down there, I fucking stretch everything out. When you're doing that, you can't do anything else. You can't be scrolling on TikTok when you stretch And everything up. You gotta just go through your routine and then that clears my mind. And I feel like if you don't make room for that, you're gonna fuck your life up.


And I know that there's only so many people that I can entertain and help with stuff. There's only so many, there's so many people that are visible. It's a transactional kind of a conversation you're having with 'em. It's not fun. It's not like, what's up dude? Hey, what's up? Those are great. Yeah. But then there's a lot of could you do this? Would you do that? Will you fly to here and do And you're like, hey, Enough. You know? So you gotta like know when to change number, what time You get up. It depends. Most days eight. I was up at eight Today. Eight is good. I tell, I thought you gonna throw it like, bye bro. I get up about five every day. Yeah. I don't think that's necessary. Eight.


It's the thing like people won't always want to do where they want to show themselves that they have the discipline to get up. I respect that. Like Jocko does that. You know Jocko Willink? No. You know he is. I mean Jocko is a, he's amazing dude. He's a former Navy Seal who is one of the most inspirational guys I know. And he writes books on leadership. Just brilliant guy. Has an excellent podcast. Solid dude. Brazilian Jiujitsu black belt. And he, like every morning he takes a photo of his watch that says 4:30 AM Well I've seen that guy. This is, this is he's every morning when he's waking up, yeah you get his shitty Ironman.


I shouldn't say shitty because they're fucking durable as fuck. I have seen him there. Little Ironman triathlon watches. Oh, it looks like you got a new watch. Mm. That's a new watch. Jocko, you can't fool me. I know. Your old watch. Go back to the old watch picture. So, so it's every day four 30 his fucking watch. Sometimes four 14 takes a photo of it and then he works out. He's just a legit dude. Wow. That's, that's Dedication. So that's him though. He likes doing that. He likes doing that. But he's not a comedian. You know what I'm saying? I think like for a comedian, you can't be that rigid. You'll get a little psychotic. You can't be that rigid. You gotta have discipline, but you also gotta have fun. You gotta, so I don't get up at four 30 the fuck outta here.


First of all, I'm up until at least midnight, almost every night. Me Too. I get like most of my best like writing done and my best ideas when everyone in the house is asleep. So when everyone in my house is asleep and I'm up, I like that. 'cause I'm like, oh cool everybody, I don't need, nobody needs my attention. Now I can concentrate and I get my, I can't concentrate when people are in the house. I feel like I should be hanging out and having fun and being with everybody. I don't wanna lock myself up in my office. But that's the only way to write. But the, for me it's like late at night is where it's at. 'cause everybody's asleep and the world feels creepy. You know, at night the world feels kind of dangerous and fucked up and stupid.


It's like, you know, you, when you worry about war in the middle of the night, it's like one o'clock in the morning in front of your computer. You're writing something on Microsoft Word. You're genuinely worried about war. Yeah. Genuinely worried that decisions that people are making in this country are gonna one day come down on us with holy terror one day just in the middle of the city, just boom. Some fucking thermonuclear device that levels a place four times the size of Hiroshima instantaneously I think about that kinda shit late at night And you know. Right. How do you make that funny? I don't sometimes Some of it's not funny.


But you, there's funny things attached to it. There's funny things attached to the, just the way we behave. It's not really, there's nothing funny about the potential for complete annihilation of the human race. But there is something funny about this desire that we have to keep doing the same things we've always done and hope that somehow or another we get it right this time. Yeah. And we're on the verge of war All the time and there's gotta be some way to stop that other than funding more war. There's gotta be a better way to stop that. That's funny. You said the war, the verge of war. And when you, when you first started doing standup comedy, how many, there's been a lot of verges of real wars, huh?


Yeah. The first war when I was, so when was Desert Storm was that 19 Desert Shield? Which one was which? We had this conversation the other day. The Desert Shield was was Norman Swarf. That's Iraq and that's like 2003. Yeah. Right. The one I'm talking about is Desert Storm, which was like 1990. Was it 1990? Jamie That says they're the, I mean I know they're not the exact same, but it says they're the same, so they're The same phases. But Yeah. But the first invasion before we pulled out, when I Iraq with George W. Bush, when Kuwait in Iraq, I Iraq invaded Kuwait on August 20th, 1990.


Yeah, I I remember that one. Yes. Okay. So when I Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990, then we went to war with Iraq and I was living with my friend Jimmy. And we were sitting Jimmy Delio shout out to Jimmy. We were sitting in our apartment in the living room and the war was on tv. And we were like, holy shit man, we're at war. I remember thinking, this can't even be real. Shit Happened at night. Right. We started watching those, the air raids. Yeah. It started as Desert Shield and then, then when we started going after like Ham was Desert Storm. Yeah. And what year was that? 90. That was just like a year later. It was 91. So Desert Shield was to protect and Desert Storm was to destroy. It was dropping off troops.


Bill Hicks had the best material about that. Oh my god. Yeah. His material about the war was great. They have such sophisticated weapons. How do you know we got the receipts. We love to arm puppet dictators and then fuck them up. You know, it's like, you know, it's like Clintwood movie. Pick up the gun. You know, it's like Dirty Harry. I tell you. I know. You're thinking, yeah, I fire for or tell you the truth. I kind Of forgot myself. My favorite one is when The Forgiven Man, when that guy's crying, could he kill somebody? He goes, that's what happened when you killed a man. You take away all he ever wanted and all he ever had.


Yeah. That movie was the best Western movie I think ever. Like of that kind of Clint Eastwood genre that was almost like he was coming back to update it, You know, because he had All the bangers, you know, good, the bad and the ugly. A fist full of dollars. Like incredible How Lord Joie Wells. Yeah. Oh Outlaw. Josie Wells was the seed. That was another level too. But then it's like Unforgiven was the one where it like really gave you a sense of what it must have been like living in the wild West. It was just the people were more real. Yeah. It was like, it was more updated to like the movies of that era. Like the Morgan Freeman character. It was a fucking great movie, man.


That's a great like western movie. And just a hard story man. I like that line. When they, when you go in there to get those people that killed Morgan Freeman, you just shot an on unknown man. Yeah. He should have harm himself. Yeah. If he's gonna decorate his place with a friend of mine. Yeah. That was a hardcore movie man. That was a hardcore movie. You saw the the But Isn't it funny that we always wanna think about that kind of shit happening out west? We don't want believe that that kind of same shit was happening out east. Yeah, they're animals everywhere. Animals. Animals. People were animals back then. They were barely Human. Hang them high. Can you imagine if we had to do fucking standup in 1820?


You imagine, first of all, you're getting sick everywhere because there's no sewage. So everybody's just got shit in the streets. Everywhere you go, you're breathing shit fumes. You're stepping in shit everywhere. That's what I think about now when I watch those movies now. Like gangs in New York. Yeah. I, I looked over somebody. My fuck it stinks. Oh Bro. Out there people are like ignoring the fucking stink. There's a rotting body right there, Bro. It probably was so ranked fucking stink. They didn't have anywhere to get rid of their shit. And they, that the, the, that little napkin that they had on the, you know, the, the big white wig people, they had like a little kerchief, but, and they would just carry it bro, just to, and they would have perfume on there.


They would put in their nose so they wouldn't have to smell like the poor people. Well it wasn't just that man. It was the shit in the streets. 'cause they didn't have cars, so they had horses. The horses would shit all over the roads And nobody had a job picking it up yet. Oh Dude. One job was, someone would just put down like a handkerchief so you could walk over it for oh Five bucks Across the, just fucking clean it up you lazy bitch And throw in like, shit water out of a, a pa look at this. It's all shit. That's All shit. Imagine breathing that every day. There's no way that's good for you. You think scented candles are bad for you? Imagine.


Imagine the people that lived back then Fearing Us, complaining about Sed candles. You were about ultra ray, Whoa. Poop Once flowed freely in the streets of New York. Oh my God. Look. So that was a poop pipe that would go right down the street. Jesus Christ. Oh man. When I was at my grandma's house in Mexico, they, they, they still had a outhouse to, to where they have, they didn't have no plumbing, bro. Isn't it interesting? 'cause this is a terrible way to live that people insisted on doing it this way. I was Thinking the day that they figured it out, you'd be like, oh my God. What The, but imagine. 'cause you had to figure it out to get it to where it is now. Right? So people had to go through that to get to the Manhattan of today, where it's all super sophisticated, amazing hotels, amazing restaurants.


But why would you stick around? Have you breathed in shit every day? Every day you go live on a farm? I'd be like, fuck this experiment. This is terrible. This is not for us. This is for the benefit of people in the future. We're destroying Soil men who carted away of America's waste. Bro, You know how sick people must have been back then? No antibiotics. Everybody's breathing in shit. You fall, you slip, you skin your knee, your knee gets infected with staph, you die. Oh man. You got shit in your knee about the, that's what it says. The, What did it say? People were Gagging as this cart would walk by. Oh god. And summer day, just pick up a Gag, huh? On a summer day in 1873, a cart stood on sixth Avenue in New York City filled to the brink with raw human waste.


The cart was uncovered its contents exposed to the air and to the passersby who wretched and gagged as they scurried away, excrement dipped off the sides of the cart and the sidewalks and gutters were smeared with the stuff. The scent stench was so strong that it could be smelled from more than a block away. It was another day in Preser America, Bro. I Meanwhile you're reading, and Here's the thing, man. This is after the Civil War. Yeah. This Is 1873 And you're in an, you're in Italy reading books talking about the streets are made of God. Yeah. Night soil. They Call it night soil.


Night soil. They used it for, Yeah. They used it for fucking, I mean they used it for compost, right. Oh. So just, it was the name euphemistically given a human waste because it was removed from the privy under the cloak of darkness. So that polite society would be spared from confronting its own feces as the men carted the crap away, leaving a trail of stench in their wake every year in cities across the country. Thousands of cards brimming with excrement rattled through the night streets. There was an antiquated solution to a modern problem. America's cities were full of crap. So the people were just throwing the shit in the streets. Yes. Oh. How much could those guys get paid? It's not possible. Shitty.


They got paid shitty. What a shitty job. Yeah. Imagine being at a bar One men Baltimore barrels. Oh, getting a horse pulled wagon filled with shit. That is so crazy. Whoa. Excellent. So living back then was hell, bro. We're so lucky. And that's how they're gonna look at us. These future beings that no longer have war, that no longer have greed or anger. These future beings that are connected to the hive mind, they're gonna look back at us like Philippe. And these See dumping grounds are next to the White House. People living like idiots. They've got breath dunk. I bet One of the dumping grounds was a field near the White House where a marsh of Ian waste petrified under the president's nose.


This suggests that this may have been a contributing factor to President Harris' untimely death in 1841, since the White House water source was a mere seven blocks downstream. Oh. Oh my God. They killed the president with shit water. Oh. Oh my God. He died of dysentery, Bro. This is why you can't trust that the experts are looking out for your health. They didn't even protect the president. Somebody concocted this idea and they never even thought about the potential for ruining All the water that people drink. They just said, this is a good place to dump all this. How nasty People are so nasty.


Oh man. I also think about That's So nasty. And, and condoms back then were probably still sheep's wool, right? Sheep skin. Sheep Skin. Oh yeah. Sheep intestine. I saw a movie where a woman, a guy, a woman was was she was washing the, the contraceptive. Yeah. Right after this white wig guy threw it at her face. Wow. So, so she's using the same one for every man. Oh my god, I Gotta read this. Oh Christ. So they didn't have, even by 1880s, two thirds of flushing toilets still just went into a backyard cesspool. But read this part here. Overflowing. Privy with a sight to behold. In James Beal's 1882 account of New York Street life, he described one man's yard in which the privy contents drained down into a street sewer forming a miniature loathsome Niagara of night soil.


Niagara, The cascading sewage flowed right by the window. So that a young, so that a man sitting on a chair at the window would not have to only, would not have only the odor, but also the views of this low sum matter circulating at his feet in the pool below. Oh, you know, see this is why everybody was so sick. This is But I thought of the plague. Well Also like there's no fucking no one's clean Kohler outbreak. 1849. Yeah. I would say that is the biggest breakthrough ever in the controlling of diseases.


The biggest breakthrough is sanitation. You Know, I was just thinking about too Healthy sanitation, Using these words, dumping grounds in this time period too. This is the same time those bones were dumped in the east river with who knows What else. Yeah. There's not enough vaccines in the world to protect you when you're living like that. You know? I mean, imagine the pharmaceutical drug companies would try to sell you if you were living like that. And they figured out how to counteract All the different things that you're inhaling in the air from human shit every Day. That's so nasty, man. So nasty. The dumping bodies Killed the president, bro. Well imagine him. Get up in the mor. Good mor waking up in the morning. Good morning everybody. I'm glad you just said that about dumping bodies.


'cause I, this is a thing I need to send you, Jamie. I'm so glad you brought that up. 'cause I, I read this. I don't wanna fuck this up. I wanna figure out what the fuck this actually means. Here. I'm gonna send this to you, Jamie. It's about liquid human remains. Liquid human remains. Yeah. Yeah. So with this article saying, oh, it's like an Instagram thing. Oh, we talked about This before. Then being fed back to the population via fertilizer on crops that not that Part. So it making p sole with people. I hope, I hope it's not true. Making manu with people or what? I don't know. It sounds like they were using it for fertilizer, using people for fertilizer and using people for supplements.


Somehow or another. Like how they're saying you're boiling down a human body, Like compensating the family. I don't know. But also there's, there's no DNA. So what did you need the body for? Yeah. Like I don't understand what the whole body's DNA like what are you saying? There's no DNA. So what did you, you broke it down to chemicals. So now it's okay. So you broke the human body, the, the container of a soul down to chemicals and you're gonna pour it on your flowers. And that's okay. That seems Weird. I know it sounds made up. It seems weird. Like, what do you, how the fuck we should find out how the fuck they do it? Is there a video we can watch on them? Villain it And what kinda, and how do they liquefy them with hot water? It said hot water and, and something else. They added some other stuff too.


But Whatever, man. What do we, what the fuck is this it? Five years Ago? Oh my god. The most eco, let's, let's listen to this. Well, can't we? No. Do they, Do they put 'em in there alive? No. No. Felipe. These are dead bodies. They're just cooking them, cooking 'em up. Nice. And that's what they get, like little bones and pieces. I dunno. Well I wanna be cremated, but if that's an option, He's just talking about it. Yeah. But you don't want your body being resold as fertilizer. It's just weird to pour dead people on top of your fucking carrots. So they grow better. Sprinkle me. What are they breaking it?


What are they breaking it down to? What are they breaking the human body down to? That's valuable for them to do that. Like, what is the stuff they're looking for? Let's find that out. First of all, we don't even know if it's true. Yeah, no, I don't, I wouldn't take that as truth. I wouldn't even believe that. How would they, how would this person, Can you Google and see if there's other stories that say that? I'm looking, I mean I'm Google. Okay. I'm not pushing you. I gotta, I just, I gotta read. Oh, I understand. Whatever it is, it seems like we're fine. You're supposed to leave people alone when they're dead. Okay. We're supposed to be different than everything else on the planet. We love each other more than we love anything else. You can use monkeys for experiments. Some states people allow the remaining liquid with its peptides, sugars, amino acids, and captured carbon to be reclaimed and repurposed as fertilizer.


Yo, yo, they're turning, do they have to tell you like how they have to tell you if you're gonna buy a haunted house? Do they have to, you know, if there's a house where someone killed his whole family in it? Yeah. You know, you, they tell, they have to tell you that. You see that oak tree? That's Joe Diaz by the way. What? No, they look like they're making them to a, a soil. Right? So Oh, right, right, Right. So you see that old tree right there? We use Joey Diaz. What you do with particles? That's rat co. Do you think they have to tell you though, that you're buying dead people fertilizer or they just consider it chemicals at that point? How do they get away with selling you dead people?


Because it seems like if you had the option, Hey, do you want like manure pat In 1888 people, it's been around for a long time. Whoa. Pats in, in 80, 18, 88. Hmm. They've Been boiling people and turn 'em into fertilizer since the 18 hundreds. So, but That's the part. So we have that machine, but not no fucking sewage. Wow. I'm trying to find out where they say that they've used it for other stuff. But the, the scary thing is what them saying that they use it for calcium deficiencies because that means you're feeding people other people's bones so they can get a source of calcium. But that guy's vegan, so don't give it to him. Maybe it's okay. 'cause the person consented.


Yeah, I'm Trying. That's true. Cremation. So it seems like a solid place, Huh? So body plus 95% water, 5% alkaline basic chemicals, either potassium hydroxide or sodium hydroxide or a combo sterile effluent, water, salt, sugars, amino peptides, bone fragments, calcium, phosphate. So that's what they get out of it. So they boil it down in this solution and they get out all these different things. Water, salt, sugar, amino acids, peptides, and then calcium phosphate. And then I guess what do they do with the calcium?


So if you are buying calcium and you find out it's from dead people, what the best? They probably let you know, you probably should have to let people know that I drink dead people. You would sell a lot if you made it from dead people for sure. Like if you had a skull and crossbones on a bottle, there's a lot of assholes who would buy that. But then people start looking at that. Like they'd look at chick. How was he raised? What kind of pairs did he have? Oh yeah, For sure. Yeah. If you're really into, Do they have anxiety problems? Is are you really into eating someone? Yeah. What if they were a fucked up person and you take a little bit of their soul inside of you and you go insane, Bro. Be crazy, man. Well That's gotta be what's happening with the, the cannibals when they get that disease and they all get, they get shaky.


The PreOn disease that they get from eating each other. Did, Did you ever dahmer have that? I don't think so. Oh, I think you have to eat spinal tissue. Oof. You have to eat brain and spinal tissue. And it's a, they're called PreOn. The thing about PreOn is You can't even boil them. Like you, if you cook 'em at like a thousand degrees, I think for like hours, it doesn't kill 'em. If, if you been, if you ever get to invited to a restaurant and tell you you're, we just served. You're a human being, would you eat it? No. Why would I eat a person? Or would they tell you after man you just ate a Well, I'd be really mad Decomposed acro line body that we made into chicken.


Yeah, I wouldn't like that. Would you like to have Philippe? Hell no. Yeah, it would be weird. Need more salt. Please Remember that movie Soylent Green? Do you remember that movie? No. It was an old, old timey science fiction movie. But people were being fed Soylent Green. And then this guy figures out that Soylent Green is made out of people and they're, they're serving people like this fucking protein biscuit that's made outta humans. Oh, that Sucks. Yeah. But there's people that would that, Is that the one, the old movie? Right? There's people that would do That. Do they end with a woman boiling a a foot? Oh, I don't remember that. Oh, maybe. I don't remember. It was a long time ago. I just remember the premise of the movie. I probably haven't seen that movie 20 plus Years.


I saw one where a guy was called a microwave massacre. Microwave massacre. And this guy murdered his wife In a microwave. No, he, he, he cuts all her pieces and microwaves the body and makes lunches and he takes them to, to work every day. And wait, This is a real guy, real Movie. Wait a Minute. Real movie or a real person? It's a real movie called Microwave Massacre. But it probably based on a real guy. And he would take food that he made at from people he murdered and they would eat it at work. And then when they, they finally caught him, everybody at work was throwing up. I think there was a woman who got caught eating her husband and serving him to the neighbors. Wow.


How much do you have to hate that dude to serve him to your, how much do you hate your neighbors? See, I'm gonna watch these motherfuckers eat my husband. I'm gonna cook it up nice. Cook up that ass cheek. Turn to a nice, I really like my husband. You're gonna love this dish. This is his favorite. Jesus Christ. I'm in a cons man for him too. A consummate a nice bone broth. Good for the soul. Yeah. So that's where that shit comes from. PreOn. It's, they're scary there. There's, that's mad cow disease. That's what cannibals get's. Very sketchy disease. And there's another one right now that deers have, it's called chronic wasting disease.


Same, same kind of deal. It's a PreOn disease and deers are getting it. And they froth at the mouth and drool and they, they, they, their, their body shrivels up. Very creepy. Man. You can eat those. No, you can. 'cause there's no crossover to people. But I wouldn't suggest it. I wouldn't recommend it. I mean, I would, I wouldn't, the thing is you can test and You can find out if your deer's okay. Like they, You can shoot 'em and then test 'em and then, You know, you're good to go and You can eat the deer. But if it's, it tests positive, it hasn't jumped from animal to people. It's only an animal. But the what it does to animals is so grave. Why would you take that chance? This is how I feel. Yeah. Like why would you take, take a chance of consuming an animal that literally has the plague inside of it?


'cause for deer, that's the plague. These deer, they're, I mean they're, they're not even, see the thing like with people, a disease like that would spread like wildfire, right. With deer. They're out in these big giant open areas and yet still it's spreading from their saliva onto leaves and then other deer pick it up. Hmm. Yeah. It's, it's super fucking contagious and it kills the shit out of them. And if that jumps to people, that's a real problem. That's a real fucking problem. 'cause I don't know if they have medication that combats it, endear. I don't know what research they've done and trying to figure it out. But I know it's, it's such a problem that there's a lot of places where they're killing extra deer just to try to keep the populations lower so they don't interact with each other as much.


And so don't catch it from giving it back and forth to each other as much. And People have this right now. No humans have it yet. Oh. But I think chronic wasting disease has been, it, it used to be one type of deer. I'm not sure what, what deer it started out with. It might have been mule deer, but it's in a lot of whitetailed deer in America. And apparently it's made its way into other ungulates. Like I think it's in elk. And I think they might've even found it in moose. It's scary shit man. 'cause it's basically a, a zombie virus that's it. Turns you into a crazy fucking skeleton. That's crazy. You waste away. Yeah. It's horrific. And it's probably, some of it came from farms.


'cause they think that that's one of the ways that it's spread. Like there's a lot of deer farms that do a great job. They're very ethical. So if you wanted a property and you wanted your own private hunting property and you wanted to put a high fence up, take care of the ground, put food plots in there for the animals. This is how you, you know, you got a thousand acres. Wanna fence it all in. Like, You can do that in Texas and You can buy deer. So You can say, okay, I wanna buy, You know, like a 20 whitetailed deer and let 'em loosen my property. You know, you got this thousand acre spot or wherever you're at. If you get a deer that is from a farm that's unethical, they're all gonna be stacked next to each other. Just like pigs. When you watch fucking factory farming for pigs, they're gonna be corralled and shitty.


Yeah. Most of them don't do this. But you're, you're always gonna have people that are unethical. And when people do things where diseases start getting spread and they kind of cover it up or lie about it. 'cause they don't wanna lose money. And then there's sending deer around. It's like, there's a lot of regulations now on how you can move deer across state lines because of these diseases. If you have bad deer meat, can you cover it up with a bunch of good deer meat where that bad meat disappears? What do you mean? She say like, because I, because I remember myself cooking and I had like, I spilled like a shit load of garlic on my oatmeal and I was making an oatmeal for 15 motherfuckers in rehab.


So I just started putting more oatmeal. More oatmeal and more milk to hide the garlic smell. Right. Oh. But in the end everybody was farty anyway, so they still got it. But do people do That's what you're saying, that people do that with deer meat. They cover it up. They you couldn't do that. Yeah. You could make sauces. The people who are not unethical, they hide it right By it. No, no, no. See what we're talking about chronic wasting disease is it's, that's different. Right. It probably wouldn't even affect the taste of the animal. They'd probably be very lean 'cause there's not much left of them. Or they could have just gotten it and they could look, be healthy looking and they still have this disease, they still test positive for it. My fear would be about what that disease is gonna do if it jumps to human beings.


And if you're consuming it, are we sure that it just goes out of your system? Or is it just earner If it doesn't work in your system, could it work eventually? Is it something that has an incubation period that maybe, maybe not now. Maybe it will have one in five years from now or 10 years from now. Maybe the version of chronic wasting disease if it evolves and changes Yeah. Is gonna be making the jump to humans. That's a scary fucking disease to make the jump to humans. You know, there's a bunch of those out There You Go. Like bird flu. Yeah, man. And then there's the ones that we make Gonorrhea. No, like COV. They fucking made that shit in a lab. They made it in a lab. It's spread across the whole world. Like aids. Do you think they made aids in a lab?


Wow. You know? Did you say like aids? Like aids or somebody I read, I read that somewhere. Somebody say all that. They make all that shit in labs. Well, Like part of like chemical wealth warfare. Right. That is a part of chemical warfare. Yeah. Like putting disease blankets on natives. You know, and Well they've done a bunch of fucking studies. Like that's the, the big Conspiracy influenza blankets. That's what they had. Oh yeah. No, no, no. That was smallpox. Smallpox. But I Don't know if that's even true because I don't think they really knew what, like, how diseases were spread back then. I don't think they knew that you could just like put scabs in a blanket and give people smallpox.


And if you had smallpox, are you trying to dish out smallpox? Are you trying to catch it so you're, you're handling it then putting it in blankets. It seems like an exaggerated cruelty of what happened. And what happened was Europeans came over here, the Native Americans had, you don't know whatever you wanna call 'em, the indigenous people. They did not have any immunity to smallpox. And it wiped out 90% of them diseases from North Americans or from Europeans rather coming to North America. They wiped out everybody with disease. It's somewhere in the neighborhood of 90% of the people that were here are gone because of disease. So, you know, when people want to think that there's, there's no way to prepare like a, a group of human beings that has no immunity in, you know, 1492.


There's no way to No, there's no way to prepare. There's no way to prepare anybody. You are, you're coming in with these stinky European streets filled with shit water. Right. Everybody's got some funky parasite, funky disease. They probably fucking stink. They're probably infested with all, They probably smell that boat 'em All the way. They Probably have viruses fighting viruses inside their body, coughing, phlegming blood and they're drinking whiskey. And they come over to, They're probably having sex with each other. Fuck yeah. And it's probably none of it's consensual. No. It's probably animals biting each other and holding each other down, fucking each other. And then they come to North America and they start slaughtering people.


And the the, there's this one, we've talked about this before. He was like a bishop or some religious man who chronicled one of Christopher Christopher Columbus's early interactions Yes. With these people. And it's horrific shit, man, cutting people's arms off if they don't bring back their weight and gold and dashing babies on rocks in front of their parents. Horrific shit man. And those are the kind of people that brought those diseases like you wanna talk about. That's like a real demon hoard. Crazy. Huh? Crazy. A real demon hoard of people come over on a boat stinking covered in their own shit.


Breathing diseases on everybody. Ah, everybody's dying. Like what? He is so unhealthy. I know, man. Like, I think I bought that, that pirate. I don't know. One of the pirates. Black beard. Black beard. Man. He was full of gonorrhea. Oh I bet. And he would drop, he would drop mercury on his penis to, to release to for, to cure his diseases on his penis. Oh my God. Because that's, that's all they had. What a good move. Who invented that? What asshole was like try Mercury. He probably was on a pirate ship somewhere. Made a voodoo doctor and said, Hey man, me Mercury put on your dick.


Did Mercury kill his dick? Yeah. It says when held prison, when he held prisoners for ransom such as the governor's son during the week long Charlestown blockade in 1718, he asked for expensive medical supplies. This included liquid mercury, which when injected through a urethral syringe Yes. Was a common ineffective treatment for syphilis injected through your pee hole with a fucking syringe. Yo Blackbeard Blackbeard had up to 14 wives in different ports. Wow. Bam. Well somebody needs to do a movie about That guy. Imagine man, he had the money to put mercury in his dick.


The rest of their crew probably didn't. So there are they fucking everything man. Fucking shit up. There's This temple in China that they are afraid to go into. They discovered it. And this emperor, when he died, was such a great emperor that he had this whole field of terracotta statues that were were built that looked like warriors that are guarding him. Like just it's crazy discovery that they had. They're giant. Right? But the ground all around where this temple is, is test for high levels of mercury. And the, the ancient story is that anybody who ever dared open up this temple, open up this tomb rather where this emperor's buried will drown.


Oh, in Mercury. I Thought you were gonna say that guy got gonorrhea. No, You imagine drowning in mer. Imagine like 2000 years ago a dude sets up a booby trap for greedy people and sets it up where he fills the entire tomb up with mercury. First of all, is that even possible? How much mercury would you have to handle? And how many people would've to die from that mercury? Because imagine where, first of all, did you get it from? Where did they even get it? Yeah. Where did they get mercury in 2000 plus years ago? Do you know that story about that emperor in his temple Two Is where it says it's No, TOT whan is Aztec. I know, But it says well this is like liquid mercury found Temple.


Yeah. That's probably a common booby track. I bet. But mercury, this one where there's to temple in China, to top of Google It says temple drawn to mercury refers to the temple of TOT Wakan Temple of Tibo temple. Can you say temple Booby trapped with mercury in China? I think it's like the first emperor of China. It says it too. I mean it says it could have been another thing that they did On earth back then. It says it was in China. Yeah. This is the one. So there's one that they're, they they have not entered into. And I think this is the one with the terracotta statues in front of it. There's one of the, I think there's a common thing when great people died, they probably made a terracotta army for them. When they find these things, it's like you, here it is.


It's us talking about it. Crazy story of first emperor of China's tomb. That's me and Schultz talking about it. Right? Click on that. I mean, it's not Our video, so I'll remember. It's not our video. It's my fucking video bitch. I know, But it's somebody else's video. Oh, somebody else uploaded. I should. Well That's ridiculous. But it's ours, right? Yeah. It's What anyone That's you. So what, what is says his name, like they would have a copyright on my voice. I, I don't want to get into it, but yeah, we probably have the, the revenue's probably coming into our thing 'cause of people claiming it. But it's up. I'm just saying I don't why bringing that up. 'cause I don't A of the cliff and watched are from other people sharing Them. Oh, I was just saying it's not ours. So I don't know if they Or not why I didn't it. Okay. Okay. Don't put it up then. That's all saying.


Yeah. Got it. But anyway, the point is this, there's a tomb in China that supposedly booby trapped with tons of liquid mercury. I'm sure Jamie will find it, but it's this area around it apparently tests high for mercury. So they think that it might be a true story and they don't wanna go in there. They don't wanna fucking open up the door and die. Which is wild that this dude set this up. If he did 2000 plus years ago, I don't even remember how many thousands of years ago it was. But it was insanely impressive. Wow. Amazing to to, to think of something like that. And it still works. Yeah. Like where the fuck, where do you, well Jamie's looking this up. Where the fuck do you think they get mercury and how much can they get? How much can they have back then?


I've only seen a thermometer. I know. Like where Are they getting it? Throughout antiquity. Remember we've talked about CNA bar before. CNA Bar. CNA bar comes from San Jose. It's where they got red stuff also CNA bar and antiquity was the source of all mercury. So how did they do it? Did a pool of it. How did they do it? Did it say How they did it? I mean to extract you need to roast it in air. Converting the sulfur to sulfur dioxide while the mercury is released as vapor. It can be then condensed. It's the mercury boils at 3 57 Celsius. This process needs temperatures well within. They need some kilns. They had those. Wow. So they just cooked up Mercury. They're just hard to do. But they did it.


Wow. Well if they can make a temple like this guy had, they can cook up mercury and fill that temple. That is crazy to think of that that I wish maybe there's gonna be a way with new technology where they can like pierce into the ground where they can see into things without having to like actually go in there physically. 'cause I know they're doing like the lidar stuff. I know they can kind of detect where there used to be agriculture places, Places someone digging into is this claim real? And this says that even if So, even though mercury either as a CI bar or as the elemental metal has been found in tombs dating as far back as the second millennium BC it's not clear why it was put there.


Might its toxicity have acted as a deterrent to grave looters. Probably not. The dangers of mercury fumes were not recognized until Han times. If so, it seems there's a lot of mercury in the burial chamber. It's likely to be either a preservative or an anti-fat device. So the the, the big theory is that it's an anti-fat device and that's why people are terrified of going in there. Here hold it right here. Based on estimates of mercury production from the song era and allowing for the imperfections of the earlier refinement process. He thinks the chamber might have contained at most 100 tons of the liquid metal.


Holy shit. A hundred tons. How did black beer fight this shit? Whew. Well oh I know that wasn't black beer. That was China. Here's a How do you find Mercury back then? It's the Device Shiver. Me timbers. They probably had to buy. Oh, they have like a look at that. That was the device. They stuck in their dick. Oh my god. God. That that's a saying, right? Shiver me timbers. You're surprised or shocked. I think they're saying that just for funsies. Oh Yeah. Yeah. They found this in a wreck. Oh my god. This guy had a mercury merc syringe In Wreck for my peepee. And Look, it's all rough looking and it's not even polished.


Good Man. He probably drawing his map. Don't go over there man. If you're gonna go to the dilate, take lots of mercury. Meanwhile They all died from that Right. Syphilis. Look at this. A pump cluster, which would have been to use pump fluid into the rectum, allowing the body to equip, quickly absorb it. They were taken Like an animals. They're poofing. They're poofing. So they were doing that for drugs. Pump liquid into the rhythm. Like figure out what they're doing that Yeah. Liquid into the rectum. Well aren't people doing that like moonshine? Don't they pour moonshine in their asshole? This Is What I heard. They pour coffee now. I heard People take tampons filled with vodka and stuff. 'em in their asshole. I mean they've been doing it since the days of the pirate.


So it's not new. There You go. It's advice bro. What the fuck is wrong With people's Severe dehydration by pumping fluid in the ass. The fuck Is wrong with people. People like putting stuff on their butts. And also A bloodletting instrument called a inger. I had a buddy of mine and he did his me medical residency inger in Miami in the 1980s during the cocaine times. And he said, dude, he, that's where he did his residency show. He was in the emergency room. So it was like every day someone's coming in with something stuffed up their ass. They're coke outta their mind. They got GI Joe stuffed up their ass. They got, he found people with light bulbs. Those like twisty pine cone looking light bulbs stuck up Their ass. Damn. Where all kinds of things stuck up their ass. I did a show at Lump Buck State Penitentiary and one of the guards told me that some guy made a vibrator out of seven Handballs.


You know the ones the void God and he, god he, he taped them all up. And then what hap, how do you guys know? He goes, well he didn't tie 'em up too good. And they were all stuck in there. Had to take 'em all out. Oh no, he didn't tie 'em up. Good. Yeah, because he didn't put enough rapping I guess. Oh no. So they, to go in his butt and get all those balls. Yeah. How many were in there? Like Five, whatever, whatever. How many balls make this? And you thought he was hiding a knife? That's a hard way to go too. 'cause sometimes people die that way. You get, you know, toxic shock, something goes wrong, you tear your rectum, you bleed out internally, toughen things up your ass.


Like the Mr Hand story. You know the Mr. Hand story, right? No, there's a whole movie based on it called Zoo. Zoo is a, it's a thing called Zoophilia where people are sexually attracted to farm animals. And so these people met up online and they found out that you're still allowed to fuck animals in Washington state. So they all went to Washington State. This is the movie. It was Washington State, right? Yeah. This is the movie. It was based On true story. Oh Right. And this dude got fucked to death by a horse and they bring 'em to the emergency room. They're like, what's going on? And you know, everyone's acting a little shifty. And then they have to tell the whole story and they find out these people have like hundreds of hours of people getting fucked by donkeys and horses and shit. And they all did this out on this, this weird ranch.


Wow. Yeah. You know one Of the, That's how the dude died. One Of the first books. You know, they used to be a lot of sex books when we were kids and they were all right. They were all nasty books about sex. Yeah. The first one I ever read was about people having sex with animals. Oh yeah. But they were like, remember those penthouse stories or Playboy stories? But this were all with animals. And I remember the woman telling this whole story about having sex with a horse, Jesus Christ. And like just riding that fool. You never see the Mr Hands video. There's a video, one video that got leaked online way back in the day. Brian Redband sent it to me and it's this dude getting railed by the horse.


And it's not even the one where he dies. Apparently he dies in another video. But in this video you see the size of the horse's dick. And you see his body and you see his ass and you're like, there's no way how Many people helped him? 'cause it's something you can do. One guy, one guy grabbed it and just pointed it in the right direction and the horse was one gigantic thrust of death. And the guy makes this horrible sound and then his friend goes too much. And then his friend is like, oh, he came. He came. The horse came. And you're like, this is the sickest fucking thing I've ever seen in my life. And that's how that guy died. That guy in that video that's getting fucked by that horse was the guy who eventually dies from it. Did They put the horse to sleep afterwards?


I don't think so. It's not the horse's fault. Oh fuck did the horse do? The horse is gonna, You know, I wouldn't bend over in front of him. You know, He's Kind of right. He's kind of conditioned now. It's not his fault. Video kind of says they only found out about all this because he died. Yes. Like Yeah, that's what I said. Oh yeah. But it's like, it's just go. Yeah. Was that his first time or they try with ponies first? No, he had been fucked by a bunch of horses or a bunch of times by the same horse. But there was like apparently many hours this guy getting fucked by horses. That a hundred V hs tapes And DVDs. But it's real. Right? Not like an urban legend. Like when people say I went to DJ and saw a donkey show. You wanna See it? No. You gonna show it? Yeah. Oh This Is still my old computer I guess. Oh, Do you have it? You can still get it right?


I don't know where to look. I'll look. I bet you can get it. I bet if you put it on up on XX is one of the few places where actually it's actually illegal. So maybe you can have it on X. Hold On. Because bestiality it wasn't illegal when they were doing it though. Yeah. There's a point kind of. No, that's what's called, that's called bestiality. When you have sex with a, with an animal. Yeah. Okay. Oh, It's called You're fucking gross. And what's the one when you have said with dead bodies, That is Necrophiliac. Necrophilia. Don't look on X for that. Yeah, you can't find an X. It's a different search result that pops up. Oh yeah. They probably game the search results now, right? Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of 21 and older material People Have sex with animals.


Right? Like since you wanna talk about gangs from New York, how ugly it was. Right? People just Fucked everything that was in front of them. I found it. You found it. Moose. Okay, here it is. Headphones please. We'll Make sure it, oh Shit. Yeah. There it is Baby. I mean, do you verify that? That's it? Oh that's a hundred percent it. Okay. Absolutely. Go full screen and don't show it on screen at all. Thank you. Tell Me I mute the sound when we play this. Nope, Nope. Let's hear it. Hold on. Okay. Dana Cruz. It's on a porn side I guess. Here we go. Here's the sound That's reversed him. So that's the guy's butt. The horse gets on top of him and then the guy grabs it.


Look at this. Watch this. Look at the distance. Look at the amount of tissue we're talking about here. Watch this Like long down silver. Watch this. Okay, this is on a loop. This is repeating. This is You repeating. Yeah. Yeah. This is, it's already, the whole thing really only lasts a couple of seconds. Wow. Guy died.


The guy has no ass. The Movie's fascinating 'cause the movie is like a documentary sort of recreation of those people. And it's not like that. You don't see things, but you just see how fucking bananas, the whole story Is the horse is known for that. Or he just got random horse because he's used to know what he was doing, bro. Hey, Well he probably been fucking that guy for a long time. They probably been doing I, that's what I'm saying. Like it killed him one day. But I think he had Done a bunch of You're gonna show that, right? Because No, No, no. We, we had Enough peto come afterwards. We've had enough, We, No, who knows what I was really showing. Yeah, We were just making noises. Cartoons. That is Mr. With the, my name is Mr. There's people out there that are out of their fucking minds.


They're outta their fucking mind. You're getting fucked to death by a horse in a grainy video. You know, like what, what is life for you? That must be crazy. That's your thing. You're getting off work at five. And I think the guy who died was an intelligent guy. Was he? Wasn't he an engineer? He worked at Boeing for over eight years. Yeah Bro. He was a Boeing engineer who liked to get fucked to death by a horse. That horse's dick is as long as an arm. Look at how long that dick is. I was like long Don Silver. Do you see the size of that thing? It was like 17 and a half inches. It was gigantic. It's probably bigger than that. Inches when it goes into his body. Like four inches. Where's the, where's the room?


Where's the space? How, how do you warm him up to it? I guess you start with fingers Says He lost, then you move up to ketchup. Bottles Lost The ability to experience certain sensations after a motorcycle accident. Oh. So that was the only way you could feel things started Going ham. Oh God. That's terrifying. That's terrifying. I don't know why he Started filming it Though. Don't I say? Well you know what, that also kind of makes sense, right? Because we've talked about this many times about brain injuries, about people with brain injuries. They get very impulsive and they do reckless things. That totally makes sense that this guy had a motorcycle accident that fucked up the way he feels thing he probably got wrecked.


That's crazy, man. So he got wrecked. He probably got a brain injury and it probably turned him into a wild man. I twisted my ankle, man. Now I wanna move to fuck me in the ass. Do you wanna get fucked to death by a wild animal? Oh man. You wanna be the first guy to get buttfuck by a bear. Yeah, but you, you break your brain in that way. Like for some people they're just different now. Yeah, man. Now they're different. I've seen it happen to a bunch of dudes when they've been knocked out, been knocked out really bad. But that's crazy. Get like kid knocked out the fuck out and you wake up and goes, is there a horse nearby? 'cause I'm really horny right now. Well, Who knows what's going on with the chemistry of your brain?


You just want experience. You want excitement. You wanna see if you can suck a horse's car. But that goes back to your, your old old joke man. Old joke. Just say, Hey, you take a break today. Yeah, Take a day Off. You know I said you had that joke about up in the Playboy mansion. Yeah. And, and you said that what's his name? Well, whatever. He would have a, every once in a while a game will pop in and then he goes, and then the, the punch line was, nah man, you take a break, Don't start fucking guys take a Break. You Take a break. Yeah. Relax. You're a little Crazy. Yeah, you can, You can you fucking take shakes a day. You don't that for a guy. You take a break. I think for some people with brain injuries though, they, they get addicted to skydiving.


They get addicted to gambling, they get addicted to like really reckless behavior. You're Abusive within their head. Injury. Injury, right. Oh, bad one. Wonder what he's up to. He looks like he's been in an accident. He, he fell on a motorcycle and hit his head on the curb with no helmet on. Yeah, it was a bad one. So California didn't used to have a helmet law back then. It was because of him now. Well, I don't know if it's because of him. No, he started, yeah, I did read that. He started a big push Yeah. To help that Change. So he helped it. But I know that pe people wanted, You know, I'm torn on that shit. It's like, yeah, you should have helmet laws because there's 18-year-old boys out there that can have motorcycles and that's fucking crazy. That's crazy to give.


I am so glad that when I was 18, I never got a fucking motorcycle. Once you thought of a motorcycle like at 70 miles an hour, the helmet is like nothing. Right. You're knock on nothing. Depends on how you Fall. How you fall, right? Yeah. You might slide. If you slide, you probably just get your skin ripped from your body. Did you survive it? Yeah, bro. Just woke up to a fetish. That's it. Yeah. But that's the thing, man. If you get really banged, you could have some screwy brainwaves after that, you know? And you can think everyone's out to get ya. You can like, people get real weird. They get real weird and the, the, they feel like extra vulnerable because they, you know, their brain's not working the same anymore. So they don't know who they are anymore. They don't feel like they used to feel, yeah, they start to feel crazy, You know?


And they start thinking no one wants to help them. You start getting really angry and real negative and then you get fucked by a horse. It's just, I pass Outta All the things that you could be doing that that's, that's how you chose to go out. All the things that you could be doing. You know, you could be seeing the world. He said, nah man, I want to see biscuit. You could be a food blogger. Nah. Ponies. You could be a, a fashion influencer. Nope. No, I wanna be Willie Shoemaker. I want to get taken out by a horse, A black stallion In some dirty barn somewhere. That's where you breathe your last breath in a dirty barn with horse in your asshole.


What Does Fred do? What? I don't know. They freaked out. They brought him to the hospital. They tried to drop him off. Then the, the cops start questioning him. I believe. I'm paraphrasing for sure, but I think that's how they got busted. They brought off the guy and he's got a giant hole in his asshole. And it's, he's pale like a sheet. Like what Happened? He to have the same face. What, why is he, why is the inside of his body missing? Why does he have a fucking telephone pole, Sir? Why could we see his shoes through his mouth? What is going on with this dude? What did you do? What'd you do? That story about Jimi Hendrix still freaks me out. I think the manager I've been thinking about the entire time we've been talking, I go back to the idea of them just pouring pills down the greatest guitarist of all times.


Mouth and then just pouring jugs of wine down, holding them down. And that's how he dies, motherfucker. That's scary. His manager Mother, fuck it. That's scary. His US manager said the story is not true. Just for Of course I would say that too. Yeah, I would say that too. I mean, I don't know if it's true who fucking knows, but the, the idea, and he did, but he definitely did die and he definitely did die by asphyxiation. Some people Say also like that. The c I did it. Jimi Hendrix. I don't know. I haven't heard that one. But if anything happens, people always think the CIA was involved somehow anything, no matter what it is, right? Yeah.


Pretty much. They always say that. Yeah. I don't trust nothing. Secret age agent man. Yeah. It's either them or it's China or it's Russia who's really sending me this text telling me that I'm qualified for the $4,000. Yeah. In savings. Who's, you know, those texts you get? Like who's sending those? Which Texts? You know those texts that you get like random texts. Hey, congratulations you received approval for your loan. Oh, I don't get those. You don't get those. I get 'em from, for a dude named Ray. So Ray had my fucking phone number before fucking Ray. Ray moved here. Ray and fucking Ray, Ray must have signed up to every goddamn list. Ray must have put in that number every chance he could. I keep getting these fucking text messages for Ray and it's all like loans and you qualify for this and you're, this is available.


We're looking for someone to hire. There's always some weird scams You qualify for Aluminum. Aluminum sightings. I Don't understand how they can't stop that from happening. This seems weird that you get so many of them. You get so many of these scam things or they get ahold of your, your phone number and just spam you lies. I think they, they think you, you get to a certain age 50 and they think you're gullible to these tricks now. Well I Think young people are gullible too. If They, they send it to 22 year olds. Hey man, you wanna fix your loan, your home. I don't even have a home. If you're dumb, if you're dumb and you're 22 and you get something that you qualify for 4,000, oh shit, they think this is me. Say yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll take that money and then, You know, whatever the fuck they do.


I don't know what they do. There was a guy in La LA that was calling women at their jobs and telling 'em they had won something and he convinced them to cut their heels off their shoes And he would film It. No, he was just calling 'em up randomly. Hey, you just won, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. All you gotta do is cut your heels off your shoes right now. And women were doing it and he called a bunch of chicks and they all just fucked up their shoes for nothing. Oh, what an asshole. It's funny, but it's also like, And that person was me. I wasn't but it was somebody, A rude thing to do to a lady. Especially if it's your favorite shoes and you only have one pair. Not my red bottoms Bro. Shoes are hard to get.


Those bitches are expensive, right? Yeah. So why aren't we so lucky? We don't have to wear shoes that hurt Girls wear shoes that hurt. They, they can only only wear 'em for so long. Like, I can't imagine. I don't even like wearing things other than sneakers. Yeah. Or Like a comfortable boot. Like, you know, I got a pair of couple pairs of these origin boots. The real comfortable, easy to walk around in like nice, smooth leather. Don't think I ever have boots. Boots are great, but the point is they Don't, I never had cowboy boots. I've had Doc Martin but not cowboy boots. The point is they don't hurt to wear, but ladies are always wearing shoes that hurt. What? Crazy choice. Five inch heels, stiles.


That's Probably why they have better pain tolerance too. They have to give birth and they wear shoes that hurt All the time. So they have to deal with pain. We're so lucky we don't have any of that stupid shit. Imagine if we had to wear, wear makeup every day. Imagine what'd be like, like Felipe, what have you done to your eyes? I don't know. Matt put mercury on them. Isn't that interesting? Like women all, I mean most, a lot. Let's say a lot of women wear makeup every day or make up makeup regularly on a regular basis. They wear makeup. It's not a, a very rare occasion thing. Most, I don't know what the number is. Wanna find out? Let's, let's Google it. 'cause that's probably a lot of that stuff's probably not healthy for you either.


Right? What's in those colors? What's it, what kind of Dyes are they using? The red dye. Huh? Like What is all that stuff made out of? Are we, we sure. I mean maybe some of it's really good for you. Maybe some of it's terrible for you. Maybe it's just like the scented candle things. The Lipstick. Well I know the lipsticks well the native lipsticks is made out of smashed little bugs. Yeah, that, that's one of the red dye things Too, right? Red smashed little bugs. You put 'em on here. Can't be bad for you. Right? Can't be bad than a horse up your ass Says so. Percentage. Okay. 43% reported. Okay. 43% of US women reported wearing makeup daily or weekly. But it doesn't break out the daily portion. Explicitly rewinding to 2019, same source noted a higher share of women wearing makeup daily Gen Z, 18 to 24 at 30% and millennials 25 to 34 at 35%.


Suggesting a decline over time. Separate 2023 u gov poll of a thousand. US women found that 38% wear makeup at least a few times a week or daily with older women. 65 plus being the most likely to wear it daily compared to younger groups. They probably were all wore it daily back in the day. Right. You gotta keep up your looks. Gladys. Go that back. Back up again please. Another study from 2017 by Stata indicated 41% of US women aged 30 to 59 wear makeup daily. Yeah. There was a, a woman back in the, I don't know if the 1800 or 1900, she was the first woman to make a woman's magazine on clothing and home gardening.


How to cook re she, she was first lady to put recipes in a magazine. Oh yeah. Kind of looking for a homemaker. Right. And then, yeah, there was nothing, there wasn't a magazine back then. I don't know what the name of the magazine, but Jamie Google is makeup bad for you? What do you think? What do you mean? Google is makeup toxic. When I Was a kid, my seventh grade teacher thought it was bad put out. Don't put on that makeup. Young girl was toxic Makeup for sure. Wait, are the in whatever, what are the ingredients and makeup that are toxic? Like Wizard of Oz guy got Oh, that's Right. The lady with the green makeup. Yes, Bro. No, the the lady with the green makeup. Yeah. The Wizard of Oz or the The tin man. The witch.


Yeah. They got real sick man. Mercury. Yes. Some makeup can be toxic. Wow. Phthalate, mercury and arsenic. Heavy metals can be found in cosmetics. Phthalates, common contaminant and cosmetics. Formaldehyde. A chemical found in some makeup. Yeah, man. That's why a lot of comedians back then stopped black facing. Ah Man. That's scary. Shit. That's scary Shit. I wonder if that contributes to a higher incidence of certain issues, health issues that maybe women have that wear it, use it daily. I wonder how many, I wonder. Right. How About the, the people that worked the news back then in the four 50, they were a shitload of makeup.


Oh yeah. Yeah. And what the fuck kind of makeup did they have back then? That was probably all chemicals, cake, makeup, man. Yeah bro. What the fuck Shit feel Don shit stuff outta shit. Yeah. Yeah, man. Like, you don't have to wear that ladies. We're not, we're not that complicated. You gotta wear makeup when you do the UFC fights. No, I to the lights don't. I don't wear anything. I'm like, are you crazy? I have to go in there with dudes who literally have their head split open. You know? I have to interview people that are soaked in blood and sometimes the blood is spitting out onto the microphone. I'm talking, You know, that happens All the time. I get blood on me All the time. Like, the idea of me wearing makeup to look better while I'm out there, while there dealing with people that just got their face punched in is crazy.


That's ridiculous. I won't do it. So, so when they're speaking to you, like, when you get a fighter that's real bloody, like you can, what, what's, cause you, you, you, you're really up close to these guys. What do you see in their eyes after a fight? Like when they're in, they're also bleeding, man. Do you see, like, you see like their intensity, man. You see things like other people don't see when you're interviewing them. Well, I'm sure you see something because you've been in a, you're there in a fight right in front of them. Yeah. I think you're probably gonna get more of a sense of how they feel after it's over. Like, there's like some historic moments where you could see that when the fighter wins, it's like, it's a big fucking deal. And one of my favorite ones was when Israel Sya had his second UFC fight against Alex per, and he knocks him down, knocks him out cold, beautiful, clean right hand, then finished him on the ground and then fires off three arrows into his body.


Oh yeah. I remember that guy. Yes, bro. Yes. I mean, that was a fucking classic moment. And then he grabs a microphone and gives like one of the most inspirational speeches like pull, pull that speech up. Yeah. Because it's amazing. This is my favorite moment I think of anybody after they won a fight because it's just like, this was real in the moment from a guy who's the fucking boogieman dude. Alex Pereira is the boogieman, he's the scariest motherfucker in this sport. He knocked Izzy out twice. He left hook kd, him and kickboxing, and then he beat him down in the UFC and then Izzy finally knocked him out. And when he knocked him out, when he fires those arrows into his body, and then see if you can find that speech.


And when you hear it, man, you're like, wow. That's like, that's what, that's what makes the whole career worth it is these moments where you reach out. I remember that kid. Yeah. And you touch the world. I hope every one of you can feel this level of happiness just one time in your life. You'll never feel this level of happiness if you don't go for something. When they knock you down, when they talk about you. If you stay down, you will never, ever get that resolved. Fortify your mind and feel this level of happiness as you rise one time in your life. But I'm blessed to be able to feel this again and again and again and again and again.


Amazing. Amazing. That's like human fuel. You hear someone saying something like that after doing something like that, that can help you all throughout your day, that's human fuel. Amazing. Amazing. If you're gonna go, go All the way or don't even try. Yeah. Charles Bakowski, That guy was out. If you're gonna go, go All the way or don't even try it could mean losing girlfriends. It could mean lo losing wives, relatives. It could be spent time spent in jail, lonely nights in the dark, lonely night by yourself.


Yeah. But in the end it's all worth it. I don't know the rest. Yeah. That's a great, yeah. But he was, did you ever see the movie that he did on with Mickey Rourke? Both. They did two movies. Who Did, you know, did the one with Matt Dylan Kafa told him too. When was that? That came out in like in 2000 something. And he plays at a different, I thought there's bar flying. There's Fact Totem. Oh, fact Totem. He plays them at that age and then he's way Too handsome. Yeah. But he, How dare he, He plays them good. How dare he? Yeah, He's way too handsome. That's outrageous. Mickey Rourke made himself look fucked up. Yeah. Man. Tell to all my friends, you know, he like, Yeah. He Sharp. Bakowski is actually in bar flight.


He's one of the, one of the drunks in the bar. Yeah. How women in the world aren't whore just mine. You ever see one of those readings that he used to do? He used to do these readings, he'd read from his books and people would yell and he'd fucking have hecklers and shit and yell out to them. He's just a, a guy just constantly drunk with profound thoughts. Yeah, Man. When I, when I, when I started reading, I wanted to read books about authors that were from Los Angeles, like in the 40th and fifties. 'cause he's from the, and I said, I gotta find something that, that talks about Los Angeles, these streets that I live in.


And it was Charles Bakowski. He writes about Los Angeles, and I found out that his inspiration was a guy named Man's his name. He, he, he had the, he, he writes just like Charles Bakowski, he wrote a mo he wrote a book called Ask the Dust and The Adventures of Arturo Bandini. I went, I'm, I'm lost here of his, of his name, but he, John Fonte. Yes. John Fonte. John Fonte wrote books in a style of Char Bakowski and Charlie Bakowski. When, when he found out about him, he helped him publish all his books again. So that's why I know that John FTE exists, because Charlie Bakowski, he re he republished all his books for him.


Oh, okay. When he was dying of diabetes. So after Dust, bro, he talks about Los Angeles during 1932, bro, when Los Angeles had a, a metro rail and the world, the 1932 earthquake in Los Angeles. Wow. So this, it is all about, this guy's from Los Angeles. He talks about Armenians and working the docks in 1920s. Wow. That's a great catch. I wanna read That. And they're alcoholics, bro. This guy's an alcoholic and so is Trump. These are dudes that work jobs and still were Authors. Imagine going from those guys to talkers at boa. Exactly.


Yeah. Exactly. Like these guys actually had jobs during the day. Trump broski worked. He's a mailman. He worked the postop. He never worked. He never quit. Yeah. And Arturo Bandini, well, what's his name? The other guy? He, he his, he started writing for Hollywood and he just disappeared. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh, like writing screenplays and Stuff. Writing screenplays. He got into under contract. Yeah. Man, there's a lot of like talented writers who just decide to write for a company. It was kind of like, give up on The team he ever get For a job, Get hired to be a writer. And then you said, this is not for me. I got a book deal once and I gave them the money back. 'cause they were, they had too much input. They wanted to have too much input I wanted, and then they wanted me to transcribe my standup.


That was one of their ideas. I'm like, that's a terrible idea. They're like, they're like, George Carlin did it. I'm like, well, that's fine. I'm love George Carlin. But so what? I'm not doing that. Like, that doesn't make any sense to me. Like, why would I want like, the worst version of what the ideas are, which is just print. The best version is a live performed version. Second best versions of video, worst for sure is print audio is slightly better. But it's like, you don't wanna do that. Why would I do that? That's a dumb way to write a book. I just wanna write about things that I'm thinking about. Yeah. Why would you write your whole set list on a Book? And then I realized if I'm gonna write something, I have to want to, and it has to be something that I do because I'm controlling the entire thing. And then if they like it, they like it. And if they don't, they don't.


But it's, it's not something that I would ever want to have somebody help me out with. According To this article about him, part of the reason why he didn't explode when other writers did is because his publisher was an illegal battle for an unauthorized publication of ko. Whoa. Oh. I said I didn't know that. That's good. Good. You know. Whoa. Holy shit. So That kind of drain their Resources. Wow. The financial drain. And the publisher hampered the distribution of Ask the Dust. Yes. While Fan put out a short story collection. Dago Red in 1940, more than a decade would pass before another Bandini novel. Wow. Yeah. Character disappeared, Created, and was a bunch of stories about this fake, He used to live in Delta.


He got A illegal battle with Adolf Hitler. Well, his publisher did. But yeah. That's Crazy. Crazy, huh? Insane. That's Crazy, dude. I'm gonna read that. Is it on audio? I hope it's on Audio Book. I, I'm so lazy now. I'm sitting down and actually reading. Reading a book right now. It's too daunting. It's Too daunting. Felipe. One more time. Tell everybody special on Netflix available right now. Oh, my Netflix special available right now. Raging Fool on Netflix. Go check it out. Directed by my wife Lisa's O'Daniel. And I wanna give a shout out to my, my, my brother-in-law who listens to you religiously with his daughters Johnny O'Daniel.


What's up boo? Shout out to Johnny Dayton, Ohio. All right. Instagram, all that shit. What is it? Oh, my Instagram is Felipe Esparza. My ins, my website is philippe world.com. I'll be in, I don't know when this airs. I'll be in Grand Rapids, Iowa and Indianapolis Helium. But when are those dates? I don't know. Okay. Website. Go to the website. Go to the website. But April 5th I'm be in San Diego with Paul Rodriguez. And April 25th I'll be in San Diego with a bunch of comedians. Beautiful. All right, Philipp, always good to see you, my brother. Thank you for having Thanks. Thank you. Being here. Alright, bye everybody.