
Joe Rogan podcast, Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Very Nice to Meet you. Nice to meet you as Well. I really loved your, your series, the, The Telepathy Tapes. It's, I had long suspected that there was some sort of a way to prove that there's something going on, that it, there's no way that that would be a thing for so long, that people would talk about certain moments where people could read people's minds or certain moments where there was something that was being exchanged that wasn't verbal, it wasn't facial expressions, it wasn't body language.


There was something going on. Yeah. And The Telepathy Tapes, excuse me, The Telepathy Tapes essentially proved it. But what has been, has there been pushback about this? Like, I know there's a lot of like hardcore skeptics that never wanna believe. Yeah. I think anytime you're pushing the status quo, there's gonna be pushback, Of course, you know, but I think the overwhelming amount of emails that we've gotten from families and others that have a non-speaking child have been, you know, so excited that this news is finally out there. Same thing with teachers that, that have been witnessing, like you said, for witnessing this in classrooms and in their homes for decades, you know?


And when facilitated communication first came to America, it was the nineties. And What does that mean? Facilitated communication. Okay. Maybe we should back up Okay. Like in the very beginning. Sure, sure, sure. I mean, so I wonder, okay. So what the podcast is about are non-speaking individuals who tend to have apraxia, which is a mind body disconnect. And those individuals cannot speak with, you know, using their voice speaking as a fine motor skill. Whereas pointing to letters is a gross motor skill. So spelling to communicate is how many of these individuals communicate Right. And when the first and well, and with this in mind, I just wanna say one quick thing, that often people historically have looked at people with apraxia or nons speakers, and they think that because they can't speak, they can't think that they're not in there, they don't presume competence.


And none of that is true. These individuals have a hard con time controlling their body, right? And so if you can't control your body, people make all sorts of assumptions, you know? And, and that's been really difficult. And so I think that the subjects in this project who are nons speakers with autism, have been up against all sorts of different battles from people not presuming their competent, from people doubting their way of communication through, through spelling to communicate. And then Of course, it comes out in many cases that these individuals can read minds have a plethora of other, for lack of better words, spiritual gifts. And then the parents and teachers often aren't believed about that either. So it's like there's stigma every which way, right?


That, and the podcast is kind of a collision of all these stigmas and, and really trying to break down those stigmas and be like, here's the truth. These people are in there. Spelling is a valid form of communication. And yes, many of them say they have spiritual gifts, which I think we can pretty much validate at this point. When you say spiritual gifts, what do you mean by that? Yeah, so when I first stumbled into this, which we can talk about later if you want, when I first kind of stumbled into this, I thought this was just about telepathy, right? And that there were these individuals and their parents and teachers were claiming they could read minds. And as I start meeting more and more and more of these families, and again, like I said, teachers, it's not limited to just families. One thing that they started telling me was telepathy the tip of the iceberg.


And I didn't know what that meant, you know, what do you mean til telepathy, iceberg? And, and it's true because I think whether or not it's ability to see disease or illness in someone and be able to diagnose it before this person knows that there's something wrong, reading an aura, And, you know, saying that they can see a color around not just animals and humans, but plants, being able to speak multiple languages even though you haven't been taught them, or playing instruments and knowing music, or being able to access almost any song and having perfect pitch, being able to visit people in dreams. And then, you know, I mean, I think some of the more just like mind altering shocking things for me, whereas how many non-speaking individuals have said that they are able to speak with people from the other side.


And yeah. So, so it, it didn't just start with telepathy or end with telepathy. It's a plethora of things. So do you think that this is an emerging aspect of human consciousness, or do you think perhaps this is something maybe we had before we were verbal that we've lost, but that lays dormant like that we don't need it. So like a muscle it atrophies. Yeah, I think that's exactly right. I mean, I think we all have these abilities. I think this is all part of us. And in The Telepathy Tapes, in episode five in particular, we get into animal communication through telepathy and a story of elephants that knew when someone who was like in charge of their big game preserve had died.


And they'd walk days to his house and did kind of stay there for grieving and then would come back every year on the day of his death. I mean, just unbelievably beautiful stuff. Rupert Sheldrake has talked at his written at length, a brilliant Cambridge biologist about dogs experiments. He's done that kind of show the dogs know when their owners are coming home, and sometimes cats. So, so this seems to be part and parcel of the animal kingdom, right? And many of us have had that experience of phone telepathy where, oh, I was just thinking of someone, and they call People like to dismiss that as being just coincidence. But I just, why do people wanna dismiss everything? Like, that's the problem. It's like, I think, I think they, the real fear is being fool.


That's the fear, which is why the problem with any sort of telepathy or any sort of psychic ability, the problem is there's so many charlatans and so many people get duped. Yeah. And it's really common. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's so common. It's, it's everywhere you, these see these psychic palm reading signs everywhere you go. And because of that, it's in the realm forever Yeah. Of nonsense. And if you believe in nonsense, you're not a person to be taken seriously. Right? So if you're a scientist and you're studying human neurochemistry, and you're studying Yeah. Neuroscience, there's no way you're, you're going to support this unless it's just beating you over the head with overwhelming evidence.


Then perhaps you say, maybe there's something here. I think that's changing, actually. Yeah. And, and one of the things that we look at in The Telepathy Tapes in episode six, which we call our science episode, is this idea of materialism, which I'm sure you've heard of. You know, this idea that at least for the past few hundred years, that, that the reigning philosophy around how we interpret the world is, is, is only true if we can measure it and observe it. Right? And, and that makes you seem foolish. If you believe in something that can't be measured or observed, like a sip phenomenon on like telepathy or precognition or, or dreams. Being able to communicate with someone or any of that stuff would be thrown out as being silly. And I think there's been a massive effort to make that true, right?


That, that if you believe this or you're a scientist and you wanna publish this, we're gonna dismiss you or ridicule you just for even daring to ask that question. Research about this type of stuff has been dismissed because it's materialist. You know, scientists who've for a long time run, run the journals. Sure. But, but there is something interesting here, which is that consciousness, we don't know where it comes from, you know? And so what, you know, a brilliant scientist Dean Radden talks about in The Telepathy Tapes is that if you think of materialism as a pyramid, right? And the base of the pyramid and All the things that have built up our world, which are biology and physics and chemistry and all those things, those have rules and properties, and we shouldn't throw those out. Those are pretty much true.


But currently at the top of the pyramid is consciousness. And we can't explain where that comes from and why it's there. But if you just take consciousness from the top and put it on the bottom so that consciousness is the basis of all of all reality, right? That consciousness is fundamental, that all of everything is the, is the product of our thoughts first, then, then we can account for all this stuff. Then we can account for precognition or telepathy. And it's not that big of a change. It's just flipping kind of the order of the pyramid. And I think that makes a lot of sense. And so there's been a lot of scientists who have, have looked into near-death experience research, who've looked into the research around telepathy, who've looked into the research around precognition and said, we can't dismiss this.


This is happening. There's a lot of anecdotal evidence here. There's a lot of things that add up. So we're gonna start the Academy of Post Materialist sciences where we will take this stuff seriously and we will look at the research and we will advance science. And, and I tend to believe that there needs to be a bit of, there needs to be quite a few funerals, but I think in like 50 to a hundred years Hmm. The scientists that we're, we're gripping onto the materialist paradigm. Yeah. I really believe that that's gonna be kind of like the flat earthers in the future. Like, I think, wow, the scientists doing this are on the right side of history because you can't, you have to account for it. Right. You know


Who's scoring big in the NBA this year? You are. With all new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from monster slams to dishing the rock, to cleaning the glass, get behind your favorite players and the prop bets you can make on DraftKings the home of NBA player props. Plus for new DraftKings customers bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets. Instantly take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings, the crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino in Resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance, four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkng dot co slash audio,


We have to count for it. We don't exactly know where it comes from. And there's a lot of people that think that the universe is formed through consciousness. Yeah. I mean, think I is, this is Thomas Campbell's take on things. I don't know if you're familiar with it. I know Tom. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was a mind bender when I had him in here. I was like, what are you saying? Exactly? Like you have to like listen to it three or four times. Yeah. Then you have to, I I told him, listen, let's stop here. We'll do it again. 'cause I'm gonna have to absorb this. Yeah. But the concept is that essentially the universe is formulated through consciousness in some way, and that we we're interacting with it through consciousness.


Yeah. And that it's not as real as we want to believe it is. Yeah. I mean, and even if you just basic it down, right? Like this room, okay, what came first? The room or the thought of the room, everything in this room. It was a thought first. Right? Everything. Right? Everything, everything on our planet was a thought first. Well, everything that we created Except for the planet itself. Right? Right. Yeah. I've always said that, that I think that ideas might be a life form that they get into people's heads and then people manufacture physical objects out of these ideas, whether it's art and, and I think that's one of the reasons why we like art so much. Yeah. I mean that, that's how this whole podcast started, I think for me. Sure. You know, I was reading that book, big Magic.


I don't know if you've read that book. It's wonderful. Well, I guess I should back, you know, I was doing a lot of documentary work that was on social issues, right? That was all like fixing broken things in our great country. And then I had a few deaths in my own life and I thought, my gosh, whatever I do next, I wanna fix what's broken in humans. Because I was in a complete topsy-turvy thing of how, how do these great people that are heroes, you know, a police officer going in and saving someone, my other friend was taking care of they unhoused in Kansas City and how do they die? So I was going through my own just like kind of grief process and thinking, whatever I do next, I don't want to look anymore. Which I was humbled to do that work of broken social systems.


I wanna fix what's broken in humanity and figure out that what that is. But anyway, I was reading Big Magic, and this is a book about how ideas by Elizabeth Gilbert, how ideas are outside of us. The creative process is, it comes to you and they're, you know, it's wonderful. In the book they talk about songwriters whohoo her song, and if you don't grab it, you'll hear that same song on the radio or, or just how a, a story will come to you fully formed. And one of the kind of topics that comes up in that book too, is you don't ask the creative whatever, it's God muse that ether right. To, to, to give this to you. You tell it, I'm gonna do this with you, it's gonna be great. And so I I said that out loud. I was reading this book, I was in this moment of just major shift in my life.


And I said, whatever I do next, I wanna solve the question of where we're going and why we're here And what it all means. And do we have a consciousness and does it survive? And then, and, and no, I actually didn't ask it. I said, I'm, yeah, I said I'm gonna do this next. And I didn't know what it was gonna look like, but then started reading, you know, All the things I could in consciousness tree communication and about near-death experiences and Ian Stevenson's work and all sorts of things. And then I heard a podcast with Dr. Diane Hennessy Powell, who was a Harvard, you know, Johns Hopkins educated, you know, taught a Harvard scientist who was saying that nons speakers that she'd tested had demonstrated a remarkable ability for telepathy and reading minds.


And that was like, boom, like lightning. It just kind of hit like, this is, this was the thing. And I really believe if something's intended for you, it won't miss you. You know? But I think that concept of big magic was a bit of that, of asking, telling the, the muse, You know, to to, to Guide You. Yeah, yeah. To guide you towards something that can illuminate this issue. So did you have a preconceived notion of telepo telepathy or spiritual gifts or anything before this? No. I mean, I think like a lot of people like the idea of mediums and psychics.


It felt like people that are often trying to just make money off of people in really vulnerable situations. Yeah. And I've always believed, certainly there's gotta be people who have certain gifts like that, you know, but that the vast majority couldn't be trusted or, you know, I didn't think telepathy could be real. That seems impossible. It just seems impossible. Even things like plant communication felt impossible, or, I mean, I mean, none of that was something that was, was like my worldview, you know, I was working on, You know, solving problems around paid family medical leave and making health insurance more affordable and accessible. Like it was not my cup of tea, really. And so, which was kind of great because as I tumbled into this world, I mean, I was really wide-eyed as like, wait a second, have I been wrong about everything?


And that's kind of where I ended up was like, I had to go revisit everything I ever thought about the world. 'cause I started realizing our entire paradigm is wrong. I mean, or a lot of it is. That was my experience. So let's, let's talk about what you saw first. Like what was the first example where it was like an aha moment for you? Yeah. So after I heard the interview with Dr. Diane Ey Powell, I, You know, I zoomed with her and then I asked if I could go see her and meet her and talk about this a bit, you know, because I thought this could be the next project, and I just knew it was gonna be the next project, right? So one of the first things I had her do was I was like, can you just tell me about some of the emails that come in from parents?


And I had her just kind of go through reading some emails from parents. And it was one after the other. Like, I didn't believe this and I didn't believe my wife, or I didn't believe my husband that this could be possible. But we've tested it, we've tested it, people were sending tests. And I thought, okay, whatever is going on here, these parents don't know that any other parents are going through this. They think a singular miracle is happening in their home, that this child can read their thoughts and that this is where the story is that there's so many parents who haven't been listened to. And so I really thought this was about parents at first, and then discovered, no, there's been teachers writing about this for 30 years, capturing it, videotaping this phenomenon going on, and scared to come out about it.


And, and I think, same with the families, right? I mean, what a weird thing to say these, this child can read my mind, or this child seems to be able to do X, y, z things that seem impossible. And so, you know, my first thought was, okay, I need to see this, this is my own eyes. And so I, Dr. Powell had just been reached out to, by a family in Mexico who discovered that their 13-year-old daughter was inside. They didn't think she was, and she was able to communicate. And the reason they discovered that was during Covid, you know, that they were in charge of homeschooling and started being like, okay, let's see what you know. And bing, bing b she started spelling, she knew an awful lot, and I think they were shocked. And pretty soon thereafter, she said, I can read your mind.


And they thought, what? And they would do tests. What did I just draw? And she'd say, what they just drew, you know, what are we thinking? And she would write it. And so Do they say what they see? Like, Or how they see it? Like if someone writes something down, do they see the word? Or do they know it? Well, I think that's a really good question. And you know, we've done a few experiments that, you know, again, I'm not a scientist, like the experiments I was doing for the film, I mean, which is gonna gonna be now a film. But the podcast was kind of me just trying to understand like proof of concept, what is going on here, right? And, and I can only say what spellers have told me. And there's been quite a few spellers who say, I can see through someone's eyes, or I can hear through their ears.


And others who seem to have a me consciousness with, with someone that they're very close to, whether it be a father or a teacher, a communication partner, father or whatever, where this, like we did some experiments with one mom where we, we'd show an image to her, her son who was sitting across the room would all of a sudden start writing what the image was. But what was so fascinating is sometimes the mom wouldn't even know what the image was. So at like at one point she thought it was paint. No, no. She thought there was a food fight And it was ketchup and mustard, and he wrote paint. So, whoa. So at that point, it's like she's not obviously sending a thought, right? He seems to be tapping in the second the images in her own mind. So for us, it was a big question of, is this just your telepathy?


Because a few parents have told me, no, this is bigger than that. And it seems like a merging of consciousness of some sort. Yeah. In a bizarre way. If the mother doesn't know what it is and the child does, that's strange. Yeah. It's really fascinating. And, you know, but I also, one of the stories that I loved goes back, so Dr. So Rupert c Sherick, the Cambridge biologist who's in this project, he didn't believe until alpha either. I mean, I think a lot of scientists right? Don't believe this stuff right away either. And, and he had a, you know, a senior professor that he really looked up to, sir Rudolph Peters. And he was knighted by Queen Elizabeth for, for being such a brilliant scientific mind, right?


And the sir Rudolph Peters was in like the t room at Cambridge one time, and telling young Dr. Sheldrick, young Rupert here, that, that he just heard of a blind boy that he tested who, who obviously is blind and, and, and can't read an eye chart, but if his mother is looking at it, he could read it. Whoa. And that's how Rupert Sheldrick fell into this world. And that boy was diagnosed with, you know, being blind, but also at the time what they called, You know, severe mental retardation, which no, we don't call it that. That's, you know, but, but that's, who knows what this young individual have, if he had apraxia or, or what was going on, if he had autism. But He, he's, well, his autism and blindness, like, it's a huge impediment, especially nonverbal autism and being blind.


Like how do you learn anything that, yeah. So you would assume that there's something wrong with the child when really there's just a, a lack of the ability to communicate.


This episode is brought to you by my friends at Black Rifle Coffee. That's all I drink, folks. If you see me drinking coffee in the studio, it's Black Rifle coffee. It's 'cause my friend Evan Fer, who owns the company, I love him to death and they make the best coffee in the world. They put together the best energy drink in America made with 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine, low calories, and absolutely zero sugar. It's available in four new delicious flavors. Project Mango, ranger Berry Freedom Punch and White Frost veteran founded and veteran led. Each black rifle coffee purchase you make helps them give back to those who serve our nation shop now@blackriflecoffee.com slash Joe Rogan with the code Rogan for 30% off, or visit your local grocery and convenience stores, black Rifle Coffee, America's coffee.


Yeah. With, I I, I mean with non-speaking individuals with apraxia, they're in there. They're so smart. It's just that MINDBODY disconnect and not being able to, you know, what Do they think causes that? Do they have an understanding of what it is? I, you know, I don't know. That's, there's so many wonderful experts out there looking into this and, and I don't know what causes apraxia, but I do know that there's a lot of supports to help individuals who have apraxia to communicate. And the world is just making it really difficult for these individuals. Have you ever seen this young blind boy that uses echo location and you can ride a skateboard and move around the, how bizarre is that? It, it's cool.


I mean, you know, in some ways you think of like echolocation or, or being able to see through infrared as like a sixth sense, like a sixth that we don't, a sense that we don't have. Right. But it's like a sense some other creatures get around with. So it's like what we're talking about here is almost like a seventh sense, right? It's something beyond that. But I, I just, I, there's something so beautiful about that, right? That if you, if humans are so creative, that we will find our way to get around the world and find our ways to communicate. Also, when you're missing a sense, your other senses are stronger, this has always been a suspicion. Yeah. I think that's been proven. Is that correct? Yeah. That people are better at hearing things if they're blind or seeing things if they're deaf.


Yeah. Yeah. I think that is absolutely true. And I think though, as far as, you know, individuals with apraxia go again, like as Mindbody disconnect, there's so many of the spellers I've met who don't know they had of a body at first, they can't feel their body. You know, they want heavy boots to know where their feet are, or a heavy necklace to know where their chest is. Oh. And, and I think not being in your body, not knowing you have your body leaves you to live in this consciousness space more. Right. This world of thought where, where we can't imagine that we're so bound to our body, we have these dis dissociative boundaries where it's like, you're Joe and I'm high. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that's, that's what heightens a lot of this for them, is just not, you know, feeling as grounded into their bodies In the wackiest of conspiracy theories.


When people talk about the government's connection to alien intelligence, that they recruit these nonverbal autistic kids. 'cause they, they're the ones who can communicate with aliens. I don't believe that. No, I don't believe that either. No. It's the wackiest of conspiracy theories. But the idea being that if you were the government, you would look for someone who is extraordinary in, in that they, they're more open to this ability Yeah. To interact. Yeah. Than we would be. They do not have the burden of feeling foolish.


They don't have the, the burden of societal constraints that we've kind of culturally put on the idea of alien life, being able to communicate with them. Yeah. I mean, this is, I have received a question around, you know, could the government utilize the, these individuals I'm not discussing for affairs. That's the first thing you think about. If people think about that, if Someone's extraordinary. Yeah. Could the gov, like the X-Men could, I mean, you're right. Like how, how will the government utilize this and manipulate it for their own gain? That's What everybody worries. Yeah. And, and it's a fair worry. I mean, it's a, I mean, it is a fair worry. Yeah, sure. And you know, like we try to be very protective of, of the families and make sure that they're safe and that they're only out there if they wanna be out there And, you know, that type of thing.


But, and even If they know what that means, yeah. That's the problem. Right. You say you wanna be out there, do You know what that means? Right. You know. Exactly. But I will say, I mean, every non-speaking individual with these gifts that I've ever met won't use it for bad or nefarious means they're, they're interested in love, they're interested in, in connection, right? Yeah. Not Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the problem is, if they were used and didn't know what they were doing, you know, They would know. They'll know. They can read your thoughts and they'll, they know what's up. They know what's up better than anyone. I think. Interesting. You know. Interesting, Interesting. When you first started, was there stages of acceptance for you with these ideas?


Yeah. What was the first stage? I mean, the first stage was, I think I never, I never had the barrier of whether or not they're in there. You know, I, I worked, I helped start the inclusion program in my high school, and I've worked and cared for people, You know, with varying abilities my whole life. So that I knew they were in there. But I think the next thing for me was the telepathy. And, and, and when you see it, and when you talk to enough parents who are saying, all you need to do is go see it, it's not like, it's not like, does it show up? Right? Or like, will it appear, it's like for the parents and teachers who report this is happening. If you go work with a speller, you just see it. So that was pretty phenomenal. And then the first person we saw being able to, to do it was this girl Mia. And she was still in the early stages of learning to spell, to communicate.


So she was being touched. It often helps like first with the wrist and then here, and then here, and then on the head, and then often then there's no touch at all. Right? Right. It's just like learning that body and learning those supports to control your motor. So, and so Dr. Powell was like, ah, no, scientists will take this. 'cause she was being touched. And I think a lot of us in the room are like, wait, people think she's, her mom's sending morse code. Like they're, they plan, I mean, Of course that's ridiculous. It really is. Right? But then the next individual could do it across the room and wasn't being touched And, you know, and anyone that we saw thereafter wasn't being touched. So that was pretty remarkable. And I don't think touch actually has, I think telepathy is really cool if you're being touched, you know, but so telepathy was the first one. And then I think the second one was the language stuff.


A lot of parents saying, you know, we have no idea how, but she's speaking Portuguese and no one in our house speaks Portuguese. Or people talking about, you know, And this has been documented. Yeah, yeah. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yeah. It's quite common actually. And the, these are non-verbal kids. Nons speakers. Yeah. Nons speakers. Yeah. So what is the difference between nonverbal and nons speakers? Well, I think nonverbal is this idea, right? Like, that you're not able to make like language, you know, in a way where like speaking, it's just like they, they can be verbal, they can communicate, they just can't speak it. Okay. Just can't speak it. Okay. Without the supports of a communication partner. Like, you know, that is, they, the goal is to type independently.


Right. Do They make noises? Yeah. I mean, I think especially with apraxia, there's often a lack of body control. Voice control. So, so there is like a, a beautiful soundtrack that I've come to love of nons speakers that will often be like a, a, some grunting or, or just lack of body control. And actually, I think if someone sees a non-speaker out in, in public, one of the most loving things you can say is like, I know you can't control your body and know that I know that's not you. You know what I mean? Because the person in there mm, might want to be doing X, Y, Z, but just cannot control their body. And imagine how frustrating that would be. Yeah. So these people, they're, they're nonverbal. And when you say that they can speak Portuguese, they, they understand Portuguese.


They do, they write it. Like how, how does this manifest itself? Yeah, So I mean, there's one young girl I'm thinking of in particular, but there's this, again, this has come up now with, I don't know, 15 nons speakers that I've met. But the girl, I'm thinking of her, you know, she will work during the day with a paraprofessional and a spelling coach. You know, there's a, you know, the education system, there might be two or three people in the room and three people who are in the room this day. And she started spelling in a language and they didn't know what it is. So they looked it up And it was Portuguese, and then she started spelling in Spanish, and they were like, this is wild. And she also said she knew hieroglyphics And what Yeah.


And then they were like, how do we test this? Because if we know the answer, she'll read our mind and no. So they had to just, which Is wild already. Yeah, Yeah. Like, you have to worry about this kid reading your mind. It might be bullshit. So they had to like, look up pictures of hieroglyphics and not know what the pictures were representing to be like, okay, okay, here's the feather. I mean, I don't know what, whatever, it's whatever feather on top of a stone or whatever the picture was of, and here's this picture and this picture. And then she identified 'em, and then they looked them up and they were right. Wow. All of them. A hundred percent accurate. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. So, and I'm not saying what, Of course not what, what the Hell is going on there? Not every, What is that?


Well, I mean, Like, that is, that's beyond bizarre. Did you give her CUNY form? I mean, I wasn't there for this. I, I, you know, her mom reported it to me and, and has the email that she received from the staff. And so, you know, the staff is just like, this is what happened today. And, you know, because these individuals are spelling to communicate, it can take a lot of time. It can take a whole work and effort to get those, that information out. So anything that comes out, usually, I mean, a good spelling coach will ask this child first, right? Is it okay if I share this with your parents? Or is this private between us? Or whatever. But if they say it's okay to share, they will write a letter home. And this is what happened. And, and that was in a letter home. This is what happened today.


This episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax. One thing I've learned from doing this podcast is the value of having real experts around whether it's someone breaking down complex science, health, or even philosophy, having the right people makes All the difference. That's exactly what TurboTax does for your taxes. Because now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live expert for your unique tax situation. Your expert is backed by cutting edge technology that cross checks millions of data points for absolute accuracy. And while they work on your taxes, you can get real time updates on their progress and get the most money back all while you go about your day, which means less stress for you and the best possible outcome for your return. It's 2025, it's time to file like it Now. This is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now@turbotax.com


In our session. Your child Reads hieroglyphics. What the hell? It's like, what does that mean? Is that the Akashic record? Like, is this child like pulling from All the information that's in the ether? Like what, how would you be able to read a dead language that, I mean, what percentage of the human population can read that without ai, without assistance? It's, it's gotta be tiny. It's remarkable. Tiny, tiny percentage. I mean, from a scientific perspective. And I, this was one of the things that, there was a professor, Bernie Ryland, who first I think came up with this idea. And then I know Dr. Powell kind of expanded on it, which Bernie Rimland foresaw this kind of gift in nons speakers, I think in the seventies, I mean a while back.


And was like, ESP should be considered a savant skill. And Dr. Powell has talked about this as well. So savant skills, right? Are study, are accepted by science. This idea that like, how do you know the language or math or this or that when you haven't been exposed to it or haven't been, right? Been, you know, educated with even maybe the most simplest music skills, but now you're playing a symphony, right? So right. Sivan skills are, is being able to really excel at something that you haven't been taught and savant. There's people who are born with the savant skills. And also sometimes you can mean accidental savant. So you get hit on the head and suddenly Yeah, I read about a guy who got assaulted and all of a sudden could Be complex geometry. Yeah, yeah. Complex geometry and stuff like that. So, so what's wild is that the materialist scientific point of view accepts savant skills.


We don't know where they come from. We don't know why. We don't know how people can know this stuff they've been taught, but we accept 'em as these real big question marks as as it's real. So what Bernie Lin said, and later Dr. Powell was like, ESP should be considered sav skill. These people know something and we don't know how they know it, but they do, they haven't been taught it, they haven't been exposed to it. And that could be thoughts, it could be knowledge about the future, it could be knowledge about language. And, and it's, it's, this is what the whole hope is about The Telepathy Tapes, right? Is that people will start to put money behind this research because for so long research around this type of stuff wouldn't be funded because it would be just dismissed. It's impossible. It's impossible. It's impossible. Right? And one of the moms in our, in The Telepathy Tapes who, You know I love so much, her name is Manisha, she talks about her son.


She goes, Akiel is the data. You wanna look at the data. You want the data. Like, look at my son. He's the data, right? And, and some of these parents are, are wanting desperate for answers. You know, it's not, they're not in the question of if it's happening, they're wondering how it's happening. And I think I'm in that part too. Like when the people that are just, is it possible? Is it possible? I think for most of us in this world, it's like, yeah, you're like 10 steps behind man. Like, it's possible. It's not a matter if it's, it's why. And that's my hope is that this can, there's like a, the the, the chains will be like, you know, let off the scientists, The, these children that can read things. Are they typing it out like on an iPad? Are they writing it physically? How do they do it Usually?


So there's different forms of spelling to communicate. Often there's like a, a letter board, right? Sometimes it's a stencil letter board that you poke a pencil through. So you really know when you get that letter. And it's really satisfying to like get, get the pull, poke through. Mm. Sometimes there's like just a laminate board where you kind of point to a letter. Some individuals are typing into a spelling kind of app on an iPad, or there's different spelling, like can they type a C devices? Yeah. And then, and then there's a, some individuals who end up going to like the Ty key, you know, the typical keyboard that we all type with on a keyboard. So, So there's varying levels of ability in terms of using your body. Yeah, using your body. And, and the thing I think why spelling has been so, you know, it, there's such a stigma on spelling and I feel so bad for individuals using spelling 'cause they're in there and they are communicating.


But people have said, oh, but you need the support. So these can't be your your words, right? Like, like for a spelling partner, let's say, you have to kinda learn to be a communication partner. You have to learn to, to really understand like the, the mind body disconnect and what's going on with the non-speaker in front of you. And sometimes their bo hand gets lost in space, so it's good like, pull the board away and like put it back in again. Or sometimes you have to cue them, like, go for it. Okay. Get that letter because that will help with their motor planning. Right? Right. So those supports are critical, but people will look at those supports and say, oh, well that must mean they're not typing in independently. But to me that's as wild as saying, oh, you need reading glasses you can't read.


No. That's a support to help you read. Right? You can still read if, if you're reading classes. And that's how I think of the communication part. There's still no influence on the words or letters being choose chosen. No, No, no. And I think one of the things, so, but there, the, the stigma I think that really started for spelling was facilitated communication. Actually, this is like the first thing you asked we're coming full circle. So for a long time there was just no hope of getting, You know, people who weren't verbal nons speakers out. There just wasn't. And then all of a sudden facilitated communication came along And it was developed I think in the, in Australia I think. And, but this was ideas of you, you know, put some pressure on someone's wrist so they can really feel where they're at in space, right?


Like they'll be able to to, to spell. And it was a miracle. I mean, it was all over the news. This was great. And some of the first parents that were using facilitated communication started to report reporting. There's telepathy involved. And this was at Syracuse University in the nineties. Syracuse knew about this and started kind of bearing that information. Mm. And and there was a lot of like, kind of, you'll be let go if you're teaching this and you're talking about this. So there was kind of big coverup. So this, this was new, this is not new that this was going on. But then there were some claims of, you know, sexual assault. There's awful things that happened where what was being claimed didn't happen. And so people started blaming, facilitated communication, oh, well maybe they're pushing their hand or doing this or doing that.


And I think for a lot of people who train in facilitate communication, you're using your hand to put pressure so the individual knows where the body is in space, but you're not pushing their hand. But there's probably are some cases where that had had happened. Well anyway, so then it got kind of just stigmatized, right? It's pseudoscience, this is not blah. And then so spelling evolved into these forms where it was like, no touch, do not touch. And so many of those spelling groups now are helping individuals. And the big tenant of this is you cannot touch them. And, and that's, that's where spelling's at now is that you learn to communicate and there's no touch involved. But, but I'm, I'm one of these people that thinks like whatever the individual needs to help them communicate, right? It's okay if, if you need a little touch so You know where your arm is.


Right? Or sometimes it helps you go faster if there's a little push, like I think go for it, you know, help these individuals get out there. Right? This touch is not guiding them towards specific letters. This touch is just an affirmation. Just to, to help them. Yeah. To help them relax. To help them connect. Yeah. And it was really, you know, on set sometimes. 'cause every once in a while some parents like, hold the board and hold it there for their child. And we would use these like dry erase, You know, markers on the screen to be like, is the board moving? And it wasn't, you Know, it, it'd be really interesting to get them in front of some scripts that are very difficult to read. That's why I brought up Unifor and Sumerian and maybe even that crazy voyage manuscript.


You know, you know what that is? No. The Voyage Manage Voyage manuscript is a book that is of an unknown language. Okay. And it's highly detailed and they don't know what it is. They don't know the language. They don't know if it's a fraud. Oh, Look at this, This is the Voyage Man, voyage manuscript. They don't know when it emerged. They, there's a lot of suspicion that someone created it and tried to pass it off and sell it as an ancient language in a book. But then some people disagree with that because they think that the way the words are constructed seems to be in some sort of a uniform way there.


It's not gibberish. Yeah, it's not nonsense. But they do not know what it says. Obviously. I don't know jack shit about ancient languages. So I'm not the right person to be determining who's correct and who's, who wants it to be correct. So they're saying that, wow. Yeah, I have not never heard of that. Yeah. What is the current state of go? Yeah, let's see what it says. What whether they think it's real. Is there like an a synopsis on geez, what people think is there's facsimile. Interesting. Many. Okay. University of Bridge still subsequently removed a reference to Cheshire's claims from this website. What is the, the website Cheshire published its translation in the foldout illustration in 2023.


He claims it depicts a volcano theories that it places a manuscripts creator near the island of Volcano, which was an act of volcano during the 15th century. However, experts in medieval documents disputed the interpretation vigorously approached for comment. Lisa Fagan Davis gave this explanation, as with most would be Voyage Interpreters. The logic of this proposal is circular and aspirational. He starts with a theory about what a particular series of glyphs might mean. Usually because the words proximity to an image that he believes can interpret. Okay. So they don't buy that this interpretation of it is real, but they, they're pretty sure it's a language which is just fucking insane.


Scroll up a little higher. Is there any debunkings of it? These Are different people that have made interpretations and they seem to, no one really Cares. No one figures it out. Yeah. Wow. There's Just various discussions. Yeah. Wow. Imagine if you can get that in front of a nonverbal kid and he is like, oh, I know what that is. I Mean, that'd be pretty wild. It'd be pretty wild. Yeah. Jesus wrote this like, Oh, he said he's coming back in August. Like, whatever, it's, I mean, there's just the fact that the, the child can read hieroglyphics is insane. I I would love to see like CUNY form, or Sumerian in particular. We had a, an ancient language scholar named Wes Huff on, and he was explaining how a lot of these interpretations were of like the Sumerian text, which is the oldest version of, you know, a lot of these like biblical stories.


In fact, he was like, I can't read it. He goes, I've, I can, I can read all these different languages, but this one is so different than All the others. And it doesn't have anything that's like, it, like a lot of these other languages, you can find similarities in the way they're structured, the way the sentences is structured. There's none of that with Sumerian. It's like, this is a wacky language. Yeah. He's like, I can't read it. That's so odd. And he was brilliant. Yeah. So when you talk to a guy like that, who's humble about it, right? Yeah. You know, but also like very well read. Yeah. And he is like, all right, I don't know what's going On. I dunno, what does it Give that to the kid? So interesting. Yeah. I mean it seems like there's a lot of opportunity to really get into that with these nonverbal kids.


If you find one that is there more than one that has this ability to do this? I mean, I can only comment on the people I've met, but I think of All the people that we're talking to a lot, You know, for the project and All the film. Yeah. I mean, it's definitely more than one. I mean, I'd at least I know 15 or 20 who can, who seem to know various language. They haven't been taught 15 or 20. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And one of, one of the earlier children that Dr. Powell was studying, this boy knew really a kind of odd languages like Russian and Japanese, and I think he was five or six and could just speak in different languages and knew different languages.


It's absolutely remarkable. Wow. Yeah. And is there a, like even the most out there theory about what's going on? I, I mean, this is the thing, right? There hasn't been a lot of research around this phenomenon. And, and I think I can only go again off of what spellers have said. I mean, one thing is that they say that, that there's a neurology behind language right there. That the current, the most baseline language is not with words. Words are these 3D objects that we attach these thoughts and feelings and that is the thing that they can understand, which makes sense. So that would be what telepathy is, right? If you're not right using words, well, That is our version of telepathy, right?


Make noise with our mouth and then you can read my mind, Right? Sort. Yeah. Kind of, kind of, I mean, in a Clumsy way. Yeah. But if you think of prayer, right? That's telepathy Mm. Of people who come back from a near death experience and they say they have these communications with someone, you don't have a body that's telepathy, right? Like if, if a medium is talking to some or getting messages from someone who's passed, like that's telepathy. So it seems that the baseline to me, like all this has proven for me that, that we have a soul or you know, there's, or there's at least if that word is triggering under someone, that at least there's a conscious body, there's a consciousness in each of us that that doesn't need a body. Like, and so I think the, the language thing is like we've put words over this thing and that, but the, the telepathy, the baseline is there no matter what.


And if you can understand the baseline of what's being communicated, the words don't matter. Does that make sense? It does. Yeah. It does. It's, it's hard to grasp, but it makes sense. Are you aware of the history of research in ayahuasca? I mean, I know what it is, but I, yeah, like one of the More interesting aspects of it is when scientists first discovered it and discovered its properties, and they did experiments on it, they wanted to call one of the ingredients telepathy, but due to the rules of scientific nomenclature, they realized that it had already been named harming. So this harming is one of the ingredients. It it's in one of the plants that's used to make this brew.


But when the scientists explored this and started experimenting with it, I, it was quite somewhere in the 20th, early 20th century, they realized that they could read each other's minds and that they were communicating and that they were having a shared experience that seemed to be completely mental, but independently they all verified the exact same thing. And so that's one why they wanted to name it telepathy, which is a way more fun word than harming Way more fun. Yeah. Yeah. But this idea that we need something to access this dormant part of what is human consciousness. Yeah. And I think that type of stuff can really help.


Right? I mean people, I think what's cool is that a lot of the research on, you know, psychedelics is kind of converging with this stuff right now, you know, around Yeah. Telepathy and the nons speakers, I think. So a lot of people have had these experiences when on, you know, on psilocybin or, or on an ayahuasca trip or whatever, where, where there's this realization that like there we're way more mental, there is a nonphysical world that that is out there. Yeah. There's something. Yeah. And this is this work and Thomas Campbell's work, and there's a bunch of people who are considering this now, which I always wonder like if you get an, an enormous number of people that change, that have a shift in the way they view reality itself, like what impact does that have on reality?


Yeah. I mean, I think that's a big thing, right? Yeah. And I, and I keep thinking you asked about the pushback around this, and, and what's interesting is it's not just from skeptics who don't wanna believe in telepathy and that the non vis non-visible world is real, but also from, from people in the spelling community who don't want people to mention telepathy be out of fear, that it's gonna foil their efforts to make this like standard practice in schools. In fact, some of the teachers and others who've been involved in our project have been getting letters from the IASC, like a spelling group saying, don't talk about telepathy or you're gonna have your accreditation taken away. Why? I don't understand, why would that mess with spelling? I think the fear is, I think, I think the fear is that if you, I don't, I actually don't know.


I mean, because most of the people I'm working with, almost all of them, every single one of the people I'm working with has sees this as happening in their homes, in their classrooms. And it's not just teachers and parents and ministers and rabbis and parapsychologists and speech pathologists and occupational therapists. Like these are All the people reporting it. Right? Right. And for them, I think the thing is truth is never harmful. It might be difficult, right. But it's not harmful. And what this truth means is that we have to change our systems, right. Of education. We have to change how we think about things. And I think there is a deep fear of people having their darkest, deepest thoughts exposed. That's probably not comfortable for the government, for people in control, for people who are controlling things with money. Oh, I think that's common whether we like it or Not.


Yeah. Yeah. But, but why I, I think this truth might be really uncomfortable for some, but it's so important to get out there. You can't accept and love someone as a whole being unless you can see and know all of them. Right? Yeah. And, and, and the only people I feel really in service to are the nons speakers who haven't had a voice and All the people loving and supporting them or who are saying, this is real. We want this out there. And so the gatekeeping around this has been massive. I mean, yes, from the science world, but also from the spelling world. But why from the spelling world, that's what I don't understand what, what I think there's so many challenges of people saying, oh, because they're using these supports, these words aren't their own.


And then I think there's this conflated idea, like, oh, if they know they're people of telepathy, they'll think their thoughts aren't their own either. And it, it's a weird idea because just 'cause you're talking to me doesn't mean that I don't have my own thoughts or words. Right? Yeah. Like I can read a book, which thoughts are coming at me, it doesn't mean I don't have my own thoughts. So you can hear thoughts and that doesn't mean you don't have your own, I mean, so it's like putting too much together that I, I think is talking about telepathy is not gonna foil spelling, but some people believe that to be true and that Doesn't, just doesn't make any sense to me. Yeah. Like why would any, I don't understand why spelling would even get involved in this.


I Don't know. I Mean, like spelling is universally accepted as being important. Like, Well, it's no, but this is the problem. Spelling is not. There are, so I just talked to a parent the other day who said, I've been trying to get a communication partner with my daughter in school so she can contribute and the, the school system will not afford like, pay for that. They're like, Nope, you cannot have a spelling communication partner because there're, but Is that just a funding issue? Well, no. There's a group called asha, the American Speech Language, You know, association who accredits speech language pathologists, and they say that spelling is pseudoscience. And I don't know how communication could be called pseudoscience.


What? And so if you're a speech language pathologist and, and you wanna teach spelling in schools, that's considered like, no, Wait a minute. Why would they say spe? I don't understand. What is the argument that spelling is pseudoscience? This is such a controversy that it's just maddening. I think again, it's because of those supports. Like, because, because you might need a part, because you need a partner to spell. It's considered, oh, well, you're not spelling independently. And So spelling is pseudoscience for nonverbal people or nons speakers, I should Say. Well, it's not, but, but Asha is saying that which is making it, And they're only saying this because of the touch, the ability to touch people while they're doing it, Or, well, most of these individuals aren't being touched.


I think that the problem is, I mean, the problem is that no one's presuming competence. So, so, So this is why it was confusing. Yeah. You're saying spelling in regards to nonverbal people? I'm sorry. Yeah. Okay. Spelling. Okay. I should, yes. Restate this. Yeah. So when, so spelling is kinda the catchall phrase. Oh, okay. For, for pointing to letters to communicate, be it on a letter board or an iPad, or even a keyboard, like what we're used to with a Computer. So they're going by this old concept that it's impossible to have any sort of psychic ability. So if you're proving psychic ability through spelling, this is obviously bullshit without any examination of it.


Yeah. I think that's a good, that's a, a good summary Back to what we were talking about before, that they don't wanna be foolish. Right. So this is a compounded issue, but one thing that's kind of, I thought this was fascinating, is that any type of like alternative form of communication has gone through immense battles to be validated. Like, oh my gosh. Sign language in, I think in the 18 hundreds, there was a conference in Milan where everyone's like, we cannot teach sign language. Like this is, people need to try to speak, you know, sign language went through battles for, I mean, over a hundred years to try to even get accepted as a real language. And it wasn't until the seventies or eighties when that happened.


And then braille, Louis Braille who invented braille, the people at the school where he invented it was like, you guys can't use this. We don't accept this, and we don't believe you can read by touching dots, and we don't believe you can type by poking holes. That's impossible. That seems nuts. So when they did, they would do these tests with Louis and other students to be like, okay, you write one word and you spell, You know, and you read it with your dots. And they did. And then they'd say it's fake. They, they planned it. They pre-planned the words. And it wasn't until multiple, you know, variations that finally braille was accepted. And now we're seeing the same thing with spelling to communicate. They need a communication partner, just like to read, you need glasses. It doesn't mean they're not communicating on their own.


They just need someone to help support their motor control. Got it. So you're just using the term spelling in a different way. Yes. Than most people are. Cus that's why I wanted to Clarify. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Super confused. Yes, yes. It's so that seems like that's on them. I mean, if there's evidence that it works, like they should be brought up and people should say, like, what you're doing is a disservice, like a huge disservice. Yeah. For for whatever reason. For your own ego, for your own Well, yeah. I mean, you think about it, right? Conceive notions For Now, you know, decades if you have apraxia and you're a non-speaker and you're considered you're not in there, people will, will treat them. Put them in school systems where they're trying to teach them to, like behaviors that are impossible if you can't control your body.


And then often teach them over and over colors and shapes and teach them like they're, they're not getting it. That they're not smart. So they've been robbed of their education, they've been robbed of an entire livelihood. So to admit that we've been wrong about this entire population and educating them wrong, I mean that's a lot of reckoning. That's a lot of wrong. And a BA therapy, which is now what kids go into, it's a multi-billion dollar industry. And I think that they profit very much so from having kids go into this type of therapy. And I think a BA therapy can be helpful for some people. It can be, you know, but for a lot of nons speakers with apraxia, it's, it's like traumatic because you're Taught what is a BA therapy, It's behavior therapy. And, and that's like what insurance will cover if you have, there we go.


So Insurance Yeah. To get to the root of it. Yeah. In industry, I do think it is, I think there's a huge financial gain, a BA therapy and Asha and I think it's all in bed together. God, Money fucks up Everybody. It does. But I if like anyone listening to this, the number one thing is that like if you think of a human rights violation, right? You, that nons speakers aren't allowed to go spell in schools to communicate, to participate socially. Right. You know, because these are individuals with ideas and thoughts and career hopes and wanna date and wanna have friends and wanna be involved. And, and yes, they can't control their bodies, but they can do, they can communicate and, and and, and to be leaving them out because, oh, we can't afford or we don't believe that you should have a communication partner in school.


It's so, it's just mean it's a human rights violation. I think It's bizarre. Yeah. I mean that's, yes. It's also very bizarre And it's just, it's, it makes sense when you connect it to insurance and money in, in an industry, that's where it gets gross. They they're they're against the competitors. Yeah. Which is the, which is probably truth. Yeah. Because if spelling, if you could be, if, if, if they'd say, Hey, we will approve for spelling to be covered by insurance, every family could go do this. Right now you've to spend thousands of dollars often go to a conference, do an online thing. It's not cheap, it's not affordable, it's not easily accessible. I, I mean, it can be depending on where you live, right. But like, but it's, it's not easy. That would be a lot more money to going away from a VA therapy.


Right. Of course. God, it's always the root of it all. You get to it, there's someone who's profiting and doesn't wanna stop profiting. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And the whole industry of a bunch of people working and yuck. So you first recognize that there is some sort of an ability, when do you start expanding your idea of what children can and can't do? What, what, what they can and can't see. Like when, when does it get to where you're at now? So Like spiritual gifts, when do you start accepting those kind of things?


Yeah, I, I think the corroboration of person after person after person was really helpful. You know? Do you Remember like the first one that made you reconsider or Consider? Well, okay, so the telepathy was definitely that. Okay. That, that became pretty quickly. And it was really funny too as how like the people working on this, like on my crew and my camera guy and stuff, my DP Michael, like would quickly, we were all kinda like, okay, this is happening. Like, you get almost bored seeing it, like, because it became so common and so easy that like, wow, the telepathy quickly became unimpressive. Which Is, that's so nuts, So wild to say out loud. But then it would be like, I remember Houston, who's a beloved individual both in my life and also in the project, and his mom as well.


He, he had this relationship with stones where he could feel like the energy of crystals. And Katie, his mom is, you know, an evangelical and, and didn't put much stock into any new age thing. And I think she went to get a massage and they gave her like a bite bag of crystals and stuff. And she was like, come on and kind of put those in her, you know, bathroom upstairs behind one door And you know, and Houston came home from school, like ran into the primary bedroom and then went to the bathroom and found the rocks and like, was so excited and put them in lines next to his bed and wanted to put his head next to them. And he could feel the energy coming from these stones. And I always thought, okay, people believe in stones and maybe they matter 'cause people believe in them, but like, I didn't actually think they had energy over the healing gifts and here's Houston going feeling the stones.


So that made me think what, okay, maybe there's something here enough individuals saying they could see auras around plants and, and animals and people. So that was something I started being like, okay, there's, this is happening enough and enough that I believe that. And then the language was the next thing. And that was pretty remarkable. And I'm not saying every non-speaker has these gifts, I'm just saying the people that I've met that have been a part of this project, and there's an awful lot do. And I think probably the gifts change per person too. Right. How often do you see the language thing? You know, I, I I should send out another, so like, like questionnaire, but probably, probably every five individuals. Wow.


You know, but like, that's a rough number. But it would be interesting to like survey. Are there any other data points that would indicate that someone would be more likely to have this, these language skills? Is there any factors about these individuals? Like the differences in their conditions or the environment in, well, This is one thing that has been really remarkable, I think, especially since the swap of thes came out, is how much belief and just like acceptance of these type of things matters for them to show themselves. Right. Oh, so, so I was talking to a parent the other day who's not in The Telepathy Tapes of someone I've met through this.


And she said, look, my son after The Telepathy Tapes came out, You know, he's about 19 said, I need to come out to you. I can also read your mind, but just never felt comfortable saying it because didn't think his parents would respond well. Right. Oh. And, and, and another teacher was telling me, look, af now that this has come out and like I've realized this to be a truth in her clinic or classroom, she will do a 10 minutes for thought sharing in the beginning of the day where they can all talk till up, but they can hang out. And she, and she said, it's like the, one of the only times when they're all quiet and they're just thought sharing. And she said that, you know, now the telepathy is out, more and more parents are like being told this. And, you know, accepting it. Because when I fell into this world before The Telepathy Tapes was out in the world, almost every single parent or teacher I met was like thinking this was an individual miracle happening alone in their house.


They couldn't tell anyone, even sometimes the spouses were fighting. I met one parent once, not in the, in the LOP tapes, but, you know, I met her in the journey and she said, my husband wants to take my child away because he thinks I've lost my mind by saying that this is happening. Oh, Jesus. So, You know, so now that it's out there, I think it's a, it, it, it's, just think about it if, if you have kids, right? Like if you believe in your kids, I believe you, I believe in you. It makes a difference. Of course, the placebo effect, Of course. Sure. We know placebo effect works. Yeah. If you believe in something, it makes a difference. So when you say to a, a, a non-speaking individual, like, I want to know all of you. I'm, I'm excited to know all of you, even if that means that nothing you can tell me is gonna scare me or make you love you less or, You know, I think that's a cool way to approach anyone really.


Yeah, certainly. And I think skepticism and cynicism is probably also contagious. You probably feel that that negative doubting energy. Yes. Which is very suppressing. You know, just like, and if you're already nonverbal and you're already like, dealing with a lot of other stuff like that, negativity on top of it, it's like, probably not want to even try. Right? Yeah. You know? Yeah. There's the shame. Yeah. I think Just negative feelings. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you, do you think this is something that you have, I think we all have it. I mean, I, but have You, have you tried to encourage it in yourself?


Or have you tried to explore it? Well, Because I would imagine, yeah. Like if I was doing this work, I'd be like, lemme see if I can do this. Yeah. Yeah. And I, for sure. And, and I will, you know, I, I often pray at night and sometimes I'll also just beam out thoughts to some of the nons speakers in my life and hope they catch 'em, you know? And you know, they're loving thoughts usually. Of course. And then there's been a few times where I'll see a, a non-speaker that maybe, You know, I've come to know and love in a dream and I'll, and they're either communicating something to me and I'll write the parent in the morning and say, can you ask so and so if they were trying to communicate X, y, Z at all?


Or, you know, where they tried to communicate with me last night is usually what I'll say. And they'll say, oh yeah, they wanted you to know blank, blank, blank, blank, blank. And it'll be what happens. So, but that's only happened in dreams, not in real life. I mean, dreams are real life. But yeah. So I think it, I think this, I think the more people are open to this and practicing it, it's, it, it's there. You'll get there. Mm. And a lot of teachers are able to get it back to apathy where they can start hearing their students back. Ooh. And they said, You know, there's a teacher, and I love this story 'cause I, she, I heard her on a podcast actually, And it was sent to me. I was like, two years into my journey, and this teacher thought no one else in the world was going through this. And she said, there's a student and he's telepathic.


And he could read my thoughts and then all of a sudden I started being able to hear him back and I'd be cooking dinner and I'd hear him or, and he would tell me things all he would just pop into my mind. And he was younger, so I had, she had a set parameters, so you can't come into my mind All the time. But she said that in the classroom. Then they started being able to teach just to do the whole thing, the whole lesson without talking. She'd ask him something in his head, he'd start typing it, she'd ask something else in his head, he'd start typing it. And that was something that like a lot of teachers have expressed that, or speech pathologists. And, and I've often wondered why is it easier for the educator, you know, instead of the parent. And I think it's because parents put so much stuff on our kids, right?


Like, if I'm watching my son play basketball and he's not boxing out and he's not doing this, I'm like, oh god, oh God. Couldn't even watch. You know? But if it's someone else's kids, I'm like, oh, they're five. They're just learning. You know? Right. I have no care on anyone else's kid is doing this. But, so I think with our kids, we put all this baggage on them, even if we're not intending it. Like the energy is so great, where if it's just free and you're just wide open and you're just ready, I think some cool bond can often happen between, between anyone. But certainly at least what my experience has been, more educators than parents that go, it goes into this two-way thing. This teacher did they explain what the sensation was like, like hearing the words in their head.


Like how did they, how did they receive these things? So at this point, there's a lot of teachers, so I have like a little bit more data points on this. And for her, she was hearing like a voice in her head very clear. You know, very clear. Was she hearing that she interpreted as the child's voice? Was it a child's sound? Yeah. Yeah. And and that's what's so cool is for some of the individuals who've kind of gone through this will say it, you just know it's their voice, even though they don't have a voice in the real world. Like you just know it's their energy imprint. Right. Like this is their voice. And, but then I've met some teachers who are like, no, it comes in as like a visual, a visual package if you will. Right. Like, or one of the most beautiful things I heard from a mom in England.


And I think her story is great because she knew this was going for years, was scared to put it out there. She finally did, I'm not getting any younger, I'm putting it out. And then Of course there was a lot of parents around England that were like, me, Me Too, Me Too, Me Too. This is happening to me. And she once explained it to me in the most beautiful way. She said, like, if, if you say the word with a word Thanksgiving, you've just said the word thanksgiving. Right? If you send it telepathically, you receive the smells, you receive the sleeping in your childhood bed again, like your crotchety uncle who's mad about that, like the game of the, you know, the sound of the football game, maybe snow you, your this person walking with a pie, like the prayer you say, whatever it is, All the things that make your experience that comes to you. And there's no, there's no misunderstanding what this means and feels and is.


And it's this whole expansive idea. So I think she, she receives things that way. Wow. Yeah. It's really cool. Whew. It's so cool. But it's also because of the cultural restrictions that we have put on the idea of telepathic communication, even while you're saying this. And I'm so fascinated and I believe it for sure. Part of me is like, shut up. You know what I mean? It's like that part of you is strong. Yeah. That, and I wonder if that part of us, unfortunately because of All the charlatans and because of these, the cultural restrictions on just the concept of telepathy, I wonder how much of that holds us back.


'cause there's some things that you do know and you don't know why you know them. You know? And if you're a person who goes on instincts, you'll follow those instincts and you go, I have no idea how I knew that was the right thing to do. But it was. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, look, I think one thing is experiencing something, you just believe it. Like I said, and I think anyone who has engaged with walks into a room with a non-speaker who can do this, which from my experience has been quite a few, it's not hard to see it. It's pretty easy to, to witness it. And so when you experience something over and over and over again, right?


It's like, are all these parents and teachers all around the world and speech pathologists and principals and ministers and rabbis and everyone who's witnesses lying? Did they all come in this great conspiracy to decide that like, we're gonna trick the world, or they're experiencing something and telling the truth and the first one is out there. Yeah. That's like the most impossible thing to imagine. The other thing I wanna say too is like there's a, a motivation for someone who's a Charlton, right? You wanna make money off of someone or something when, especially when they're the most vulnerable. You're gonna exploit this and et cetera, et cetera. Or it's for your own ego, your gain or career or whatever, You know, to date. Because nons speakers have not been able to have the resources that they need to spell and engage in society.


They've not been able to have a career yet. I mean, some have, but very few. Or make money on their own or, you know, be in the popular crowd or have some cool whatever. And, and so what's to gain? What is to gain? And it's also takes so much energy off and to spell out something. I can't imagine that you'd spell out a lie. I mean, there's nothing to gain in this entire population talking about this in silos all over the world. Right. Just what, and also very few people engage with nonverbal people. So for this to be this very bizarre, sort of strange phenomena that's happening with these people, you would have to be in that experience with those people to even be able to appreciate what's going on.


Yeah. I think most people, you know, we're so accustomed to talking, we're so accustomed to typing things out and communicating the way we do normally, that we don't, we don't even think about what the experience is like for both the parents and the child. And that this is a completely different way of living. So whatever these innate abilities that we may have, Of course they would be the ones who would have them. It kind of makes sense that they would be the ones that would be so tuned into us where, whereas us, we're sort of probably drowning those thoughts. Even if they do exist, we're drowning them off with language, with cultural expectations, with social media, with news, and Yeah.


With thoughts. Yeah. With everything, with All the, we're bombarded. We're never even alone with our thoughts anymore. Right. We're just bombarded constantly 24 7. And you know, I mean, this is the number one criticism about social media is it's shaping your mind in a way that you're not even asking. Yeah. You don't really don't have agency over it. Right. You're just constantly being bombarded with data and that data, whether you like it or not, even if you're objective, it's a, it's changing the way you interface with the world. Yeah. These people aren't experiencing any of that. So like, I mean, I think they're probably experience, like I think they have so much input coming in, you know, that it can be overwhelming, but Right. It's not informing their Yeah. I mean, they're not engaging.


Yeah. They're not, they're not engaging. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's really, it's really remarkable, you know, Well beyond, right? Yeah. Beyond. 'cause it, it changes the way we think about human beings. Yeah. It changes what our potential is. I, I've always thought that it was an emerging aspect of human consciousness, but then as time has gone on, I think I start to think probably more than that. It's probably has always been there. Yeah. We, You know, yeah. I mean, animals have weird abilities that we don't understand, like the ability that birds have to, to navigate. Right. We don't understand what that is. We don't understand how they're doing that.


Mm. But we know they do it, you know, and Yeah. They, they have also, there's some ability that animals have to read electrical signals Yeah. To read magnetic signals. Yeah. Like what is, what's going on there? Yeah. Like what, what are they doing? You know, Rupert Sherick, again, who, who's in the project, he, he's the biologist from Cambridge. He talks about something called the mental field. And that was like a good handle for me to start to understand how this could be possible. And so by that, like we know that fields can exist beyond something, and we take it as part of science. Like we know the earth has a gravitational field. You can't see it, you know, it's there. But, but there, you know, it's, it's real. And we know that magnets have a magnetic field.


It, we can, You know, you can't see it, but you know, it's there. And, and so his theory is that our mind has a mental field that expands outside of the brain. And this mental field can like, overlap with someone. And that, a great example of the mental field, if you will, would be when you see like a murmur of birds or a school fish, and they're all turning exact same time. They don't bump into each other. They're not like having concussions left and right. The bird Ones the wild. It's wild. Yeah. It's like they do it. It's almost like they have a collective Consciousness. And then the school of fish is essentially the same thing, but in the water. In The water and Yeah. And how it's like they have one mind. Right? Right. It does feel like one mind. And so this this beautiful idea. It it's not, it's not. It's just out there. And one of the things I came across that I absolutely adored as well was that Mark Twain, he had, he coined this term mental telegraphy.


And what he was responding to was kind of what we think of as phone telepathy. But that someone would write a letter, let's, let's say he wrote a letter to, I'm just gonna make something up. Like, great Aunt Margaret. Right. And he, and he hadn't written to her in seven years and he postmarked it on March 2nd. Well, you know, maybe two weeks later he got a letter from Aunt Margaret poached March, March 2nd. And that would happen a lot in the time of letter swapping that at the same time, both people thought of each other. They hadn't written to each other a long time. The letters were postmarked on the same day, you know, what happened the same day. And there was like such a concrete evidence there of Wow. And so he wrote a lot about that. He thought that was fascinating. You know, and like Upton Sinclair who wrote the Jungle, you know, wonderful author.


He wrote a book called Mental Radio where he was trying to do telepathy experiments with his wife. And she would think of something or vice versa. And they draw it out. And, and, and he had done this so many times that he talks about this is real, I know this to be true 'cause I've experimented it and heard, I can thought share. And so, you know, it's like, we have examples of this throughout recent history. But I definitely think if you go back to many native cultures, I mean, even the Vikings, the druids, whoever, like none of this would be shocking. Right. It's right. They're not gonna go try to prove this. This was part and parcel of being human. And I think it still is, but to your point, it's just been buried by the noise that we've filled up our lives with.


Yeah. Like, our feet aren't the same shape anymore because we don't walk barefoot, you know? Yeah. Our feet are atrophied and gotten withered and twisted and weak. And that's one of the reasons why people wear barefoot shoes, right? Yeah. 'cause they want to engage their toes. Yeah. And if you don't, your foot atrophies, it becomes weird. It just makes sense that your mind or the these abilities of consciousness would also atrophy. 'cause they're never used because it's so easy to communicate with words. It's a and it's the, and also you're dealing with other people manipulating those words and trying to decipher whether or not this is true or not. And Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, you know, energy, right? You did martial arts and stuff, so you understand like if someone's energy, how it can impact you.


And I think that like most of us have some sense of like, you walk into a room and someone just like, ugh, they're chilling you. Or like, if you're really, you know, I think energy is a real thing. Sure. But I think as far as like these gifts go or whatever, like telepathy, You know, we've all had that experience where someone's like, oh, I just knew the second they died. Like, I felt it. Like I, like I fell to the ground in my apartment and I have no idea. And then I got the phone call, or, or the, my aunt came to me in a dream last night and said, I love you and I'm always here and whatever. And then like the next day they get the phone call, their aunt died. And there's so many stories like that we hear just in everyday life, right? Sure. So again, like it's just, if we sat back and really thought about this, this isn't wild.


This is part of the human experience. Right. It's just, and the nons speakers are just the great skies. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's really weird to look at it in reverse though, for me, because like I said, I, I did think it was an emerging aspect, but now I think it's probably not, it's probably something that's been buried by our technology Yeah. Or our progress. Yeah. We, we think it's progress. It's easier to communicate with people with noises and saying thing, but we're probably missing this thing that used to be a part of us. And it comes in these little blips. Yeah. Little weird, You know, waves. Especially heightened anxiety or heightened, you know, anytime you're stimulated in some sort of a way, which makes sense why with psychedelic drugs, which dissolves the ego, you would have more of those.


Right. Right. This is Right. So have you tried to expand your ability in, in any way? Have you, have you tried to meditate and tried to find where that is inside your consciousness? I, In the beginning, I think when I was starting to go into this, I was meditating a lot and doing a lot of stuff. But, but right now I'm so focused on just getting the story out that it's like all my time is put on that. Right. And I've kind of of put my own like stuff aside for a little bit here. But I mean, meditation, I think that's the number one way to, to help open up anything mental. Right. I mean that's, and meditation like 23rd or 30 years ago was considered kind of fringe and out there.


Yeah. And the idea that it could benefit you scientists looking into that were kind of like, oh, this guy's kind of off the, you know, and, and now it's that those people were right. Yeah. So The response has been insane. Like the, The Telepathy Tapes shot to the top of the charts, like everybody was talking to me about it and sending it to me before I ever wound up listening is that it's gotta be gratifying in some sort of way that like, at least people are responding to this and they're very excited about it. Yeah, I think so. And it's, I think it's, I mean, definitely it's sort of gratifying, but You know, the story behind that is pretty remarkable. And that's, I think one of the things that was most gratifying because I never intended to make a podcast. You know, I was trying to make a, a documentary of this and then the documentary became so big that I was like, oh, maybe I have to make it as docuseries, like pitched it to a bunch of, you know, well, streamers and stuff.


And I think people loved it and they were like, oh, this is such a good pitch and oh my gosh. But like, ah, it doesn't fit our mandate. Like it, what is it? It's not true crime. It's not this, it's not that. And so everywhere we pitched said no everywhere we pitched. And I remember going home and feeling devastated. 'cause I thought this was the most important news in the world. How could anyone like this is, this needs to get out there and thinking it's the end of the road. I can't afford to go do a documentary on my own. I can't do this and can't do that. And I was just like, you know, and, and I thought this could be a good podcast, but I'd never made one. So then it was sort of like, this will be my final pitch. Like hopefully someone will notice and then we can get the film funded. And so I made the podcast as just like a desperate like, hail Mary, like someone listened to this Please.


And fund the documentary. And then it like, went crazy. And it was, what was so funny too is when I first started telling a lot of families and stuff about the podcast, they were like, all right, Kai, I don't know if that's a great idea because just fe is so you have to see it to believe it, to know that they're really not touched and that they're really communicating and to telepathy, you have to see to believe like, none of this will work as a podcast. And it was just that lightning bolt again. You know, like, no, no, no. This is it. This is it. You guys like this is it? Like, I just know it, it was gonna be great. And they were like, you know, and so the fact that it did what it did is just humbling and I think so well deserved for the nons speakers and those parents and teachers who were brave enough Right. To tell their stories finally. Yeah. I'm glad you decided to follow that instinct.


'cause the podcast is the perfect way to do it because podcasts are easily shareable. Yeah. So that's how things really get out there. Yeah. Someone tells you about it, you tell other people about it. You go on a podcast, tell people about your podcast and that's, that's what starts it. Yeah. I mean, so, and I think the medium too is so I never realize what a special medium it is. 'cause you're talking directly into someone's ears. Yeah. And you're just in their mind and just can talk to them for a few hours. And this was a story that needed some real long Yes. You know, exploration Also, it's fascinating. And that's what you really want out of a podcast other than humor. You want it to be fascinating. Yeah. You know, you, you want it to lock in and excite you.


Yeah. You know, and that certainly does that. And, and I think most people want to believe, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And I would not have put my time and effort and money into this if it wasn't real. Yeah. I mean it is, it is real. And people don't have to take my word for it. Like, they could just go start working with a speller. And again, not all spellers, I think maybe, I don't know, who knows? But I think these are gifts are pretty easy to see if, if you start engaging with the Yeah. Well it certainly seems like it. So what, so has the film started, have you, where are you at right now? So we, our first day of filming was yesterday, which was really exciting.


Congratulations. Yeah. Yeah. And so we, yeah, we're off to the races. We have five non-speaking members of our production team, which is awesome. Oh wow. So cool. Like two are specializing in like working on graphics and depicting what things that they talk about look like, like the chat on the hill. I don't know if you've heard of this telepathic chat room. We're nons speakers hang out. We can come back to that. Okay. And like, and like the realms where maybe they get information. So, or just even what it means to see auras or to see stuff like that. So we have two graphics kind of advisors because that will be working with the graphics house on that stuff. We have a scientific advisor who's gonna help us figure out how to best do The Telepathy Tapes with the scientists that we'll be working with.


And then two story kind of consultants. So it's really cool to, for all five of these individuals, I believe it's the first paying job they've ever had. So that's kind, it's just cool having 'em on our team. Oh, team. Oh, that's very cool. So what is this chat on the hill? Okay, so that was one of the harder things to wrap my head around. When I first met Katie and Houston. Katie said, you know, Houston talks about this telepathic chat room where he can go hang out with his friends. You can kind of tune into the telepathic chant room and, and that, and he teaches there too. And, and it's a place where they can commune and talk and encourage you Though he teaches in the telepathic chat room.


Yeah. Houston's like really special. He really is. And he's, and it, and I think there are different roles that this person might talk about plant energy. And this person might talk about this. And I've heard this now from, well, let's just back up. So How many people are in this telepathic chat room? Well, I've, I don't know, but, but well, I'll get to that answer. Let me just, so, 'cause I think that's an interesting thing. So Houston started talking about this, what he calls the talk on the Hill, which is this telepathic chat room. And then I met his good friend John Paul, who's also kind of based in Atlanta. And John Paul would go up to his room and put four pillows on his head. And his mom was like, he's on the hill and this is what he does to kind of get everything out, All the sounds of the house so we can really concentrate and get there.


And you know, she said he really has like developed a beautiful re like, relationship with his girlfriend on the hill and that. And I'm like, what on earth? So I didn't know what to make of it. Only I knew that it felt very real to these parents and, and, and these individuals and, and people were talking about it in Atlanta. So I thought, okay, this might be an Atlanta thing that these individuals are doing this, they don't have to be in the same room, the same zip code that they can like connect. And on the day I met John Paul, he was on the hill at one point, and I asked that question, I said, how many people are on the hill right now? And I think he wrote like 4,000 something. And I was like, holy cow, it seems like a lot. And he's like, well, people are really excited about the documentary right now. So everyone's tuning in to find out like, what's happening with this?


What, so I was like, whoa. And then, and then I just like buried that in my heart as, okay, this is something that is real in Atlanta. And then I was talking to like the next big, whoa, again, telepathy tapes was not out yet. I met a minister in Arizona who had like the largest youth, like special needs youth ministry or something. And I was on Zoom with him 'cause he was like, found out about the telepathy and found out about these gifts. And there was a person in his congregation who could predict the future and see things happening in other spaces in the world. And he was just, you know, I think we were connecting to be like, okay, yeah, you've seen this. Okay, let's talk about this. And he was kind of going through his list of what he's witnessed with the individuals in his ministry.


And one of the things he said to me was, I was on Zoom the other day with another young individual, another individual from Minnesota getting these two to connect. And they start talking about something called the Hill. They go to this place called The Hill. Have you ever heard about this? And I almost fell out of my chair. And then maybe like a few months after that I was talking to a teacher and she goes, you know, some of my students, have you ever heard about this? They talk about going to some place called The Hill. And one of 'em talks says he goes there to learn about time travel and the other one likes to talk about someone from, nor from Norway who talks about the bees and, and beekeeping and beach stuff. And at that point, I mean, my head is exploding, just like, wait, it's like real, like, geez.


You know? And then there's a, a, a father in Israel who I have talked to a lot about this over the years, and he's kept really good track too, of like how telepathy has been buried in the spelling community and in the education community and what's been going on and how teachers were getting fired. So he's fascinating, but one of the things he told me, he's like, oh yeah, we have a separate hill in Israel where a lot of the Orthodox, like Jewish folks go and they have their own hill. And then I, and then I would get some emails and be like, you know, there's also a hill in Arizona, in Florida, like there's different hills. So it's, it's a mystery. It's a magical mystery. But but they all call it the same thing. Yeah. And, and I don't, and then I've also met, like after The Telepathy Tapes came out, one family wrote me and said, Hey, my son has said he has telepathy, no doubt there, but he can only do it with people in the room, but he's never been to the hill.


How does he get to the hill? And I thought, I don't know, I guess ask another non-speaker who maybe can teach you how to like dial into the right frequency. You know? I'm not exactly sure how that works, but it, I it's really, it's, it's awesome, You know? Now is there one hill or is there many hills? I think there's a few hills. And have they verified that people who are communicating in this hill are actually communicating with these individuals? Yeah. And and in fact, that's one of the storylines in the film that I'm really excited about. Like one of the subjects is a young girl who's always felt pretty isolated. You know, it's hard sometimes to make friends if you're not able to communicate at school or whatever.


So, but she was bringing up names and has brought up names that her mom was like, no, these are, you know, they're not in her school, they're not in our periphery, they're not in any of our social stuff. And then once The Telepathy Tapes came out, these Facebook books groups spr up of families that were kind of going through this stuff. And, and in that process she found I think like four of these individuals that her daughter was saying she was really good friends with on the hill. And they also say they go to the hill. Yeah. Yeah. And so we've like corroborated all these points in this girl's life. Have You tried to corroborate actual distribution of information, actual communication? Yeah. And you've done that? Yeah. It's, whoa. Yeah. I mean that's Of course like you have to imagine for everyone in this world, All the families that I'm close to and teachers and therapists and stuff, it's still remarkable.


So anytime someone says something, we will try to validate it. Like, this person just said they saw this person on the hill, can you ver validate? Validate they were there. And then oh my gosh, yes. What did they talk about? This was said and this was said, Hey, this person says that person is on the hill and talking about blank. Oh yeah, I can verify that that person teaches about that on the hill. So like, it, it's not like anyone is taking any of this just in stride. Like we just, you know, I think there's still that human nature, like you were talking about that like, even the parents and teachers of me and the people on the front lines of this are still always trying to validate it like, right, this happened. Was that true? Did, did, did you get that same thing? And then there's that moment of like, oh my god, like that's happening with all of us All the time too.


That mind blowing, wow. That just, you know, bore out. It's remarkable when it happens That the hill thing is next level. It's next level. It's, And why is it The Hill? Why do they call it the Hill universally? Well, Houston named it the Chad on the Hill. He Named it. Yeah. How do the other kids name it? I think they, they're all saying it as well though, right? They're all saying the same term. Yeah. But I mean, just like I, you know, someone named this cup and we're all calling it Cup, right. I think like, it just spreads. And so you think that child Houston, he named it and then everybody else accepted that name? Yeah. He didn't hear it from someone else. I Mean, he might've, I Mean, but that's the question. Like what is the name? Like why on the hill?


Well, I've asked people that, and one, one individual is like, it just feels more like a hill of thoughts. Like just this like mound of just like thoughts and energy and like being, and so I Wonder what they're seeing. Well, we're working on that for the film. That's like why we have these two graphics non-speaker advisors so they can work to make us understand what it looks like to them. Boy. And then once actually, once The Telepathy Tapes was done, I started releasing something called the talk tracks where we like keep going with answering some of the questions. And one of 'em was this a young man who reached out after episode two and he's like, I wanna help or volunteer for you. And I was like, go work with some nons speakers. That's gonna be the best thing in the world.


And he witnessed the telepathy right away. He witnessed a few other things and he ends up in the first talk tracks episode, getting to the hill. And his story is really beautiful as to how as a neurotypical man he was able to do that. But people need to listen to it 'cause it's really cool. So he figured out how to get to the hill. Yeah. Yeah. And what Does he describe it as? Well, he said it's divinely protected. That there seems to be God divinely, There seems to be like some sort of guide there that like, you can't just go in like Halliburton can't go rip it off. You know, like there's like, like it seems to be guarded and that only people, both good intentions can go.


And I think, I mean my, I hope people don't try to start going there. I really, really don't. This is, oh, they're gonna, this a non spinoff. They're definitely gonna, You know, it's like one of the pains actually for me is that like, oh, in putting this out there, like, but I do think the nons speakers are in charge there. It's, their space is a beautiful space. And, and, and I don't think anyone can just get let in. You have to really be Open, Open, but not just, but have a good, good intention. Right. Completely pure Pureness and love are a big part Of this. And this person who's typical, a regular person got in there, have, had they had any experience in the past with any form of telepathy before this? Well, the reason, his story is so beautiful. So again, he's in episode one of the talk tracks and, And what happened is he had, he was diagnosed with a really rare, like, autoimmune disease and then like stage four cancer.


And he, we kind of realized like, if I need to, I need to save my life, I'm gonna die if I don't learn to like think, control my thoughts. And, and he was able to cure himself and he sent me scans and the cancer's almost all gone. But I think that that attention to thought and how thought can change your world and dictate what happens in your world really did something in his brain that allowed him to live in that mental space. Mm. And and I think that helped him. I think that really helped him get to the hill. I mean he, he, he talks about more about how he got there and it took a few times. And for him it was all audible. It felt like static and certain voices.


But then he said he did a few tests, like there was a, one of the students he works with, he's like, I knew exactly who it was and I could hear their voice and I just knew it was their voice, even though I've never heard their voice, but I just knew it was their energy. I just knew it was them. And he's like, so I gave a test and I said, I'm gonna tell you this person's name and this person's name and this person's name And, you know, gave them kind of a bunch of information and said, when I see you next, you need to tell me this stuff. And then when he saw that person next, they, they wrote it, they spelled it out for him. Whoa. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I do think that people experimenting, experimenting with this have their own deep desire to get it right and try to validate stuff. You know, it's hard just to take on face value.


How do you know if it's real or if it's in your own mind, you know? Right. But the, the weird pro thing is like, if this does, I mean, I'm sure you've opened up a lot of people's minds to this. And again, if this expands and then we all agree that this is a thing and that this is a, a possible thing Yeah. And then people start trying to figure out what it is and develop methods to try to tap into that. This could be a profound change in just society as a whole. Yeah. Yeah. And I think the thing I hear the most right? Is people are afraid of their thoughts being out there, but what's kind of cool, What's going on in your head that you're so worried about?


Exactly. Well that's How about clean your brain out Exactly. Clean your brain out. You're not gonna be afraid of that. Right. Yeah. What's going on in your head that you don't want everybody to know? Totally. Like, what are your terrible thoughts? It's interesting. Yeah. Because when people say that I do, 'cause I mean, we all have certain stuff that like, who cares if someone knows I thought way, it all happens to us. Right? Like, you're worried about having something in your teeth or something, or like you, you know, accidentally like pass gas and whatever. Like, I mean, that type of stuff, I think who cares that? Like right. That's just being human. Right? But when people are like that terrified, it's like, what the hell is going on with you Of that? Yeah. I think it's the concept of it too. Yeah. And also the concept. I think there's the thought that if someone could read your mind that you, you're more vulnerable.


Right? Right. That you can't protect yourself. Like, you know, like if you like, oh, this person's creepy, let me get away from them. Oh, you think I'm creepy? Right. You know, like that kind of thing. Yeah. Like that you won't, you won't be able to just like, avoid people. I do think you've some control over it though. And again, I can only Gopuff of what I've heard from others, but like one of the teachers who's been just, she's been such an advocate and fighter in this world for years, trying to point to this. And she said the first experience she ever had around, maybe not the first, but one of the most cementing experiences was she was gonna go visit a former student class. And the night before, this is wild, the night before she went out and picked like Swedish fish And you know, some donuts And, you know, I forgot what else?


Pretzels or something. And so she comes in to give him his favorite snacks and forgot them in the car, but she went and she sat with him and talked with him. And right before she was leaving the classroom, he took out a pen and drew look a donut, a fish, you know, and kind of drew the things that she, and it like rattles her to her core. Like she, he knew what she was thinking the night before and, and now that he's, You know, graduated, she still works with him just as on a volunteer basis for the sheer joy of just being with him. And she asked him years later, how did you do that? And, and, and he like, were you remote viewing through me and how did you know at that moment? And he's like, well, once you were thinking of me, that was like my invitation to come in.


Like I won't just crash into someone's thoughts. It's like I, I have to be kind of invited in by like, you know, like the, the, the thought. So, so I do think that there's a way to kind of control it and I, I, I know that the teacher that was having the student jump into her brain a lot, the, the younger man, she said like, you need to stop that. Like, if I will invite you in when I want you, but you can't just come into my mind whenever that's not appropriate. You know? Right, right, right. And, and so I think every individual's an individual, right? I mean, how this stuff works and is probably different for each person, but I, I don't necessarily think, you know, what many scholars have told me is like, good, good energy allows them to swap thoughts.


Like good juju allows them to do that. Being invited in, being open to it. It doesn't feel like they can just go into like, you know, the person running for sentence thoughts and be like, ah, actually you did fund them, blah. You know? Right. The, the problem is like, what if people get really good at that? Like what if it expands and then people are just entering into your thoughts All the time. I think technologically that's gonna happen anyway. Yeah. You know, it's one of the things that Elon has said about this Neuralink device that they're enabling said, you're gonna be able to talk without words. Yeah. Yeah. But here's the thing too, right? It's like I, again, I think most, almost every non-speaker I've met, their concern is love unity.


Right? And so if, if your thoughts are other people and your thoughts are loving and about unity, it's not scary then for other people to be reading your thoughts. Right? Right. You're gonna be caring about other people. Hopefully. I Mean, the real thought, the real scary thing is that there are a lot of people out there in this world that do not have thoughts of love and unity. Right? Right. They're damaged, hurtful, evil people. Yep. And they wanna destroy everything around them. Yep. And that those people could acquire this ability, but would they be able to, Well that's, I don't, This is the thing, it's like, has there been any evidence that evil people have been able to acquire this ability? I, I would say what I have found, and even talking to scientists about this, that the baseline for this is love.


There's a wonderful neuroscientist named Julia Moss Bridge and she has studied precognition. And one of the things she does in these precognition tests is being like, how much unconditional love do you feel for yourself, for other people, for the device you're taking this test on. Yeah. And the more people feel love, the better they do. And one of the things that I've heard from so many non speakers with disabilities that the baseline is love. That love, love, love is like the thing that unlocks this stuff. What did they describe love as? Anything that unifies, unifies? I've heard that over and over again. What's love? Un it's anything that unifies Ah, wow. Huh. Isn't that the best description of love ever?


It Is. It's a really good description. So, and, and, and that was, yeah, very specific. Anything that unifies. So it's almost like they're tapping into some laws of the universe or laws of reality that we kind of know by trial and error. Yeah. But we don't, we, we don't I mean, all you need is love ba You know, this is always, love is a ubiquitous concept. Right. It's like something that everybody always agrees is very important to life and happiness. Yeah. But we don't necessarily practice that culturally.


Yeah. Or as a society. Yeah. I mean, but you go back to like the a All the ancient religious teachers and thoughts, right? Yeah. So much of it's about love and unity, and we're all one, and you might not realize this, but we're all one. And you know, it's been interesting. Like there's a big question mark right now on how, how to do these tests and how to prove it. And, and when I brought that up to a few nons speakers, one of the questions is like, why do you need to prove this with instruments? Like the biggest spiritual gift, the most fascinating one is love. That will cause someone to jump into choppy waters and save someone and risk their own life. It's had mothers like, have so much adrenaline they could lift up a car and save their baby. Yeah. Like love is the superpower, right? And it's like, that's, it's just, it's true. And they're like, why aren't you trying to measure love?


And it's like, okay, good point. But still, people wanna measure telepathy. And then there brings up the question of like, of, okay, well is it best to do it like in a lab situation that can be really stressful, that can be filled with a lot of skeptical people and throwing that energy at you? Or is it better just to go into your environment, take off the lab coat, learn to spell, go check this out. And you think of like really good scientists like Jane Goodall, who, who, when she wanted to understand like a culture of, you know, how the chimps were working. She didn't bring them into her lab. She went and like lived in the jungle for months. Yeah. You know, or you wanna go look at the lightning bugs that light up in unison in Vietnam. I don't know if that's gonna work out for you. If you bring 'em back to Berkeley and put 'em in a cement building, you probably have to go sit in the jungle and wait for them to light up in unison.


So it's like, is it smart to be trying to test this stuff in, in, in our way, in our labs? Or is it better to be like, I'm gonna go chill out with you in your living room. Right. And, and see how this works. Right. The, the reason why to test it with instruments is for skeptics. Right. So once we've all agreed that this is an actual phenomenon Yeah. This is a real thing. Whatever this is, this is real. Yeah. The best way to test it is really with consciousness. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, I think about this a lot like the skeptics because again, like I've said, the families and teachers, the people who the people are like, let's just move the signs forward. We know what's happening. We know now we need to know how, not why. Right. And, and I've thought about like how skeptics can hold back that research and science and like, how much time do you give to them versus like, just move on without them.


And, and I was thinking about in the term of like, in the olden days, right? Like of, of a voyager was going out into discover new worlds and people, you can't go find something that, or at this flat and you're gonna fall off of it or out there as a blah, blah, blah, blah. And someone comes back and is like, discovered Iceland, let's say. And it's like, oh my gosh, you would not believe it. Like, geysers are coming out of the earth and there's Blackstone beaches and black sand beaches and northern light, you know, whatever they're explaining. And they come back and some people will be like, wow, let's go explore it and find out more. And, you know, draw things of it. And, and some people might be like, don't go with them. Don't go, don't even try it. They're making it up. It's not real. That couldn't exist. You're gonna die if you go. And I feel like the scientists or the skeptics now are those people on the shore being like, there is no Iceland, don't go look.


Yeah. And you're gonna blah, blah, blah. And it's like, that's such a, it's such a, a weight to to, to forwarding thought and research. And this is such a cool, exciting new frontier. Yes. And Well, the thing is, is like there's levels of skeptics. There's people that are just objective and they're like, I need data. I need to see something. And then there's people that it doesn't matter what they see, they're never gonna believe. Right. And those are the weird ones. 'cause there's a lot of people out there that are self-professed skeptics. Yeah. Those are the ones that are the problem. Yeah. Like, they call themselves skeptics. Right. Okay. Right. Well, how about just be objective, right? Well, don't just be skeptical, right. Because if you're completely skeptical and you're always looking for a negative, you're, you're, you know, you're gonna be biased by your own preconceived notions.


Right? I mean, if you're, if you're only skeptical Yeah. You're a closed-minded believer Right. Is what you are, you're not open-minded. Right. You're as dogmatic as like Right. As the next person who just believes or beliefs and won't look any further. This is it. Like Right. That's not skeptical. Well, that's atheists right. In in a lot of, yeah. For a lot of, Yeah. The, the, well, I mean, there's different kinds of atheists too. There's some that I would just, I'd say they, they're self-professed atheists, but they're really more agnostic than anything. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. But I would say, I mean, I would say I'm skeptical every time I hear something new, I'm like, can I be, that's gotta be right. Like, we gotta go test this. I don't know. We gotta find, okay, we gotta test it four or five more times, but like, be an open-minded skeptic.


Like that's the, the only Way you'll get to ice. I don't think that's just objective. Right. Like, because you hear about something completely novel and you're like, okay, what is it, what is that? Is this bullshit? Because, you know, bullshit. The bullshit's real. It's a real thing. Like that's why skeptics are important. Or at least being skeptical is important because there are people that tell you, if you join my cult, you'll you'll experience bliss and happiness. Yeah, Totally true. You know, we all give up our money to the guru and he has sex with all of us, but it's great. Like what? Right. Totally. So skepticism is important. Yes. It is important. It keeps you from getting hoodwinked. It does. I mean, yes, because people open-minded is skeptical. Right. But this is the problem with not having the ability to read minds right.


Is that people can deceive you and you can't really tell. And some people are terrible at it for some reason. Like some people just fall in line with the wrong crowd over and over and over again and they never get it. Right. Yeah. Yeah. That is so true. So You have to be skeptical. Yeah. Or you have to be able to read people. Yeah. And what is reading people though, right? Like, there's people that I've met that like right away I'm like, this person's broken. I gotta get the fuck away from 'em. There's a famous story that with my friend Brian, Brian Callen, who's a hilarious comedian who always has the worst friends. Always. And one time he showed up at this show that we were doing together with this gal that he was dating.


And I met her for five seconds. And I, and he'd always had the worst girlfriends. They were always just disasters. I get, I go get rid of this one, please. I go, trust me, you, you gotta move. He's like, whatcha talking about? I go, dude, she's crazy. This one's broken. And he is like, no, no, no. I go, dude, I am telling you right now, turn out she is a meth head. He didn't know she wind up being a prostitute. Like it was off the chart script. But she was pretty, and he just thought she was friendly to him. And so she was fine. And I read her right away. I'm like, oh, everything's wrong here. Yeah. And he is like, how did you do that? I'm like, I don't know. I just knew right away. You gotta get away from her. Yeah. And he eventually one day ran into her after they had broken up.


She was street walking. What? Yeah. Like that crazy. Yeah. Poor thing. Poor thing. Yeah. But it was like, I was like, that one's gonna drag you down, like get out there. Yeah. But I knew, I don't know how I knew. Yeah. It's just like ev I mean, I mean, it was a, a simple exchange. Like, hi, nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too. Like, oh, fuck's going on here. It's like all my spidey senses were going Off. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. And it's not normal. That's not normal. That's not every day. It's not like everybody I meet, like some people I meet, I'm like, something's off. Right. Something up with You. Yeah. Just you have to be able to go on some kind of instinct. We all know. And a lot of it is sort of pattern recognition.


Yeah. A lot of it is prior experiences with similar, the way similar people engage with you. Right. And you're like, oh, I've seen this before. Yes. Like, this is a conman. Yes. Oh, I've seen this before. This is a this and this is a that. Yes. Yes. But sometimes, sometimes it's just like, this is a bad person. Yes. Or this one's broken. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. So yes, I think having some degree of skepticism can be good. Yeah. Emotional intelligence can be good. Object. I think it's objectivity. Objectivity. Objectivity. Yeah. Objectivity to, to recognize that people that are deceptive are real, you know? Yeah. And there's people that have ulterior motives and these ulterior, ulterior motives. You, you might not understand.


And you, you gotta be able to, you gotta be able to throw everything through a filter. And unfortunately, until we can read minds, you're kind of going on these like, did you hear that? I think I heard something. You know, it's like, that's where really what it's like. Yeah. Like when you meet a person, it's like there's something, yeah. I don't know. Are you being paranoid? I don't know. You Know? Right. And then you can convince yourself that you are being paranoid when you actually, you're not, you're you're actually accurate. Yeah. And you're like, oh, you're being silly. Yeah, yeah. No, you're not being silly. Right. You should followed your initial instincts. Right. Exactly. And I think that's what hap has happened with like materialism being such a for years, is that anyone who believed in anything like would be made to feel silly.


Right. Right. Oh, you're so gullible. Right. Or you're not smart. Like intellectual people certainly don't believe in ghosts or God or whatever, any, you know, put anything in there that you, you can't measure law of attraction. Right. Yeah. Exactly. The secret. And so that's been effective. Yeah. No one wants to be ridiculed and dismissed and made it feel silly. I mean, even editing the podcast, like I was so certain, I'm like, okay, what episodes one through four? There's a lot of science. This is great. The one that I took me weeks like I was in turmoil over was having to like put out into the world that like the teachers were hearing telepathy back. 'cause I'm like, no one's gonna believe this. This feels so hard. But it's like, you can't censor it. It's what people's experiences. And the whole point was to like put out the voices of people who've been completely dismissing and ignored.


And also If love is unifying the love of a teacher and a student is absolutely real. Yeah. Like, and it's a special bond. Yeah. Especially really good teachers. Oh my gosh. Really good educators have like this spec. 'cause they really genuinely just want to help. Yeah. And when someone's just genuine and you're a child that's vulnerable and confused Yeah. By the world around you and you're nonverbal and there's someone with genuine love for you. Yeah. Like it kind of makes sense that those would be the people that bridge the gap. It was interesting 'cause I saw my best friend for college this morning and her husband was there and he was like, why is there so many women in the podcast that have telepathy? Like can dads do it and whatever. And I was like, in fact, the first person Dr. Powell tested to pathy test with this girl was adopted and she had the best telepathic ba bond with her father.


You know? And I know a young man in Israel whose best telepathic bond is with his father and another, you know, so yes, it does happen. Dads, but I think there's more women who go into teaching and more women that do caregiving. Right. And so that's probably why it looks like more women, but I don't think it's like a gender gendered thing that mostly women have this, you know, I think it's whoever is in that like loving open. Yeah. I think men are generally more inclined towards brutish thinking, you know, and, and ego and like silly ways of viewing the world. And then also preoccupied by their status in life And what that means to, you know, them and their worth as an individual and all that stuff is in their massive, massive impediment Yeah.


To any sort of like real love. Yeah. 'cause you, you're just so self-focused. Yeah. That's very, Yeah. Self-focused. And that's definitely a male trait, especially in this capitalism society where you're constantly trying to achieve a higher level of status. Yeah. And no one's satisfied, including billionaires. Yeah. Right. Exactly. Which is just the nuttiest thing of all time. I know. It's like, What is the point? You won the game. I Know. The game's over it. Spread it out, man. The game game's Over. You should, like, you have this crazy opportunity with all this money To help so many people Yeah. And lift up like all of America on anyway. Also, why are you still just chasing numbers Right. In a ledger?


'cause that's what you're doing. Yeah. You've, you've got lost in this weird game. I actually cannot comprehend that. I cannot comprehend that. I wonder If you could, if you were super wealthy, maybe. Yeah. I mean, and if you went down that path, the thing is, one thing would be if you were super wealthy by some divine intervention or someone just gives you money. Right. You know, like some crazy billionaire who's like a telepathy tapes fan, they're dying. And on their will they say, listen Kai, you seem cool. I'm gonna give you $2 billion. Like, what are you gonna do with it? Yeah. But it's different. But if you went and tried to earn it. Yeah. And so your whole life you were focused on these achievements. Yeah. Like, I want to have a this and a that.


And I want to have, I want to be able, I want to be important. I want be able to influence political parties, and I want to be able to fly in my private jet and I wanna, I want an island. You know, you get crazy. Yeah. And then you're nev you never have enough. 'cause the Wife Right. You know, more and more. Yeah. And then you're around people. Like we were talking the other day also, my friend Brian has a friend who's worth like $3 billion and he feels poor because he hangs out with these guys that are worth $50 billion. And I'm like, that's so crazy. But that's the world that you live in when you're only thinking about numbers on a ledger. You've, you've gotten caught playing a game. Right. You're, you're playing poker, you have chips, you know, you're, you, it's all just quantifiables numbers.


Well, none of it matters too. It does matter Who cares? You're Just gonna also, here's the real number. You got a hundred years. Right. If you're lucky. Right. That's the real number. Yeah. And if you're 60 and you're fucking Right. Yeah. Like, you're Almost at the end buddy. Right. Like, what do you do? And Well, and I just, I always think about like the impact you're gonna leave behind. Like, what's your legacy? Like you had a big boat. I mean, who cares about that? Right. What does that mean? You know, are you gonna be the person? Well, when he died, he had so many things. Yeah. I aspire to be like William. Right? Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of people that are like that. And they think about old dead rich people being, boy, he really nailed it. He killed the game. You know? And that's, you know, that's the thing that they have focused on.


Unfortunately, this is the problem with financial institutions. 'cause they're like, if all you are doing is trying to acquire more money, well that's your game. That's your game. And your game is just do that. Yeah. And then as you get bigger, you eventually reach a point where like, Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You kind of control everything. Like you control natural resources, you control land. Yeah. You control building housing, transportation, you have everything. It's so weird. This is not good for everybody else. Yeah. It's not good for everybody else to, for one entity to have so much power and only be concentrating on numbers. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah. I don't know where that comes from. I mean, I guess if you grow up really rich, maybe that's it.


Or maybe if you don't think so, grew up without anything. It's A competition. It's a subversion of what it's initially supposed to be. It's like when you put mandates on officers achieving a certain amount of arrests in a month. Right. Right. Or even arrests in general. Right. Or prosecutors. Right. What's, what is a prosecutor's goal to win. Right. They have, there's the competition. The competition is, I provide evidence that this person is guilty. The defense provides evidence that he's in fact innocent. Yep. And we sort it out. And if you're just trying to win the game, well then you're a corrupt prosecutor because then you withhold evidence that might exonerate that person.


Or you don't allow DNA or you don't, there's Yes. Yeah. And there's a lot of that. Yeah. I mean, I work with a guy named Josh Dubin, who's a friend of mine who's, his whole thing is freeing people that are unjustly accused. I love that. And he's, we just 'cause of this podcast, a bunch of people are free right now. Wow. And the shocking stories that you hear about corrupt prosecutors Yeah. Where these guys get caught. And it turns out there's hundreds of people rotting away in a cage Yeah. That are innocent because of this one corrupt person. Geez. And because they played this game of just trying to win. Yeah. You know, and this is the same game. It's the same game of acquiring numbers, whatever you're trying to do, if that is what your game is.


Yeah. Your game is just numbers. I, I mean, that just makes me wonder if like, people believe there was more. Right. Like if it wasn't just like, you've got this one shot and you're just gonna hear and like tackle the numbers and be super rich and whatever. Like, would making a difference and make, I mean, because it does feel like, yay oh, Pollyanna, like we're gonna just, you know, yay, love each other. Sure. But like, but if you really believe that there was something more Right. That like you had a higher purpose here, that there you were more than just your body. Yeah. I think, I mean, I think if you believe that to some degree you're gonna act differently Yes. You're more focused on difference than acquiring numbers of money. Yeah. Yeah. It's just hard to get through people that are completely lost and obsessed. Yeah. You know, when someone is complete like a, like say a gambling addict for instance.


Yeah. They're very hard to get to. Yeah. Because they're completely lost and obsessed with this thing that they become addicted to. Right. Which is all numbers, right? Yeah. Gambling is just all thrills and Yeah. And wins and loo losses. Right. And numbers. Yeah. It's all just, I'm, I bet a hundred thousand on the game and I'm like, I think I got five points on the spread. Yeah. They cover the spread, then I win and like then I'm out of the hole. And then it's this roller coaster ride. And so it's very difficult to get to those people that are lost in whatever the game they're playing is. Whether the game is gambling addiction or financial addiction. Yeah. Whatever it is. If you're lost in a game, it's very hard to get to those people. Yeah. Especially if they don't have love in their life.


Right. And so if all their status is acquired by numbers, by achieving this and pulling up in the brand new Mercedes and wearing the fine suit and having the expensive watch or whatever it is that your thing is that you wanna show up with, and there's, in this world, this, this, especially today, there's All the lures and trappings to pull you into that. Yeah. And you can never get enough. You know, you can get hand purchased, I mean hand created this And you know, rare that in a limited edition that, oh, did you get the new one? Oh. And then, You know, you're lost. It's just, yeah. It just doesn't fill you up, I think itts you up more really in the end.


So, Right. But what it does do oddly is it promotes technological innovation. So keeping up with the Joneses and materialism, one purpose that it does serve, oddly, is this constant push towards newer and better things. Mm. Which I think is also part of the purpose of human life in some sort of a strange way, is that we are, we are pursuing technological innovation above and beyond everything. Yeah. If you could see us objectively, if like, you could see us outside of culture, outside of language. If you were an alien race and you're observing this weird species, like what does it do? Well, it keeps making better stuff.


Yeah. That's, that's what it does. It keeps making better stuff. It puts all of its resources into making better stuff. And it's obsessed with acquiring better stuff. Even though it has a finite lifespan, it never recognizes or rarely. Yeah. It's an odd and beautiful thing when someone recognizes they have a finite life. Yeah. Yeah. I was just thinking about that, what you're saying. Then I was thinking, God, but then every four years the aliens would be like, oh, but they, then they pass a torch on the world and they go and they compete in games and the whole, and for like one small two week period, they're all playing these games against each other. And then they like put the torch out and Go home and put medals around. Right. Even that's subverted by numbers. Yeah. It is.


The people that are playing the game who everybody wants to see them. Yes. They don't get any of the money. The money is all by these, The commercials and advertising And Yeah. These networks. Yeah. Networks in the organization where they profit in the tune of billions of dollars and literally pays zero to the athletes, which is so gross. Another disgusting subversion of Yeah. This whole thing. So the purity is in the athletes, especially if you're competing in a game that has no financial future. Yeah. You know, if you're the world curling champion or whatever. Exactly. Whatever it is. You know, whatever, some goofy ass fucking Olympic sport. Right. There's no, there's no up. You're just trying to be the best at this thing.


Right. And I think like, if you can achieve something that makes you feel really good about yourself. Right. I think there is a worth in that to see. Beautiful. Yes. Oh yeah. But, and that's like where sports can come in, right. That like, the underdog can win and you can work together and blah, blah. Like, that's where stuff, I think that's like really beautiful. You create something that's beautiful. But yeah, just buying something is not cool. I, I mean that's right. I mean, just what, what does that do? That's not cool. Like, creating something is cool. Achieving something is cool. It's also one of the weirdest attractions. Yeah. Attractants about social media Yeah. Is what the stuff that people are showing you. They have. I know. You know, which is like, you can get a lot of followers by having great stuff and like, look at my stuff.


Look at my house, look at my car, look at my jet. Yeah. And there's like, the people go, wow. And you see like millions and millions of likes Yeah. In these videos. It's really because kids, like, they love the YouTube videos now. Yeah. Like, my son will watch like Hot Wheels, like people being like this new Hot Wheels, he goes, and then he wanted make these Hot Wheels things. And I'm like, what is happening right now that you're like basically doing an ad for Hot Wheels, you know? Right, right, right. It's just like, I would've never wanted to watch Kids Unbox Hot Wheels. Right. I mean, or Barbies or whatever. Like, none of it, you know, Unboxing things are strange. Yeah. It's like techno porn. Yeah. You know, you're, you're watching someone do something you wish you were doing. Oh, I wish I had that hot. Yeah. That's, it is so weird. Yeah. But it's, you know, it's also very strange when you think about how many people are tuned into that, where you never would've expected that in the past.


Like, there would never be a television show on NBC where someone unbox stuff. You'd be like, no one's gonna watch that. But meanwhile put it on YouTube and millions of people will watch that stuff. Yeah. So there's, there's a part of it that we didn't anticipate. Yeah. I don't know. I hope it'll be a pendulum. 'cause when you brought up television, I thought, well, that replaced the dance hall. Right. People used to go dance and hang out before those television. Like you'd be out doing something and Right. How cool. Right. You know, or go out the, but they also, The diner also thought the world was flat. Right, Exactly. It's like, there's just benefits Right. To all this ability to communicate as well. Right? Yes. The problem is when it's centralized. Right. The real problem with television as a television has advertising, advertising limits what You can say. Right. And because of that, You know, we censored language.


Right. Right. 'cause advertisers didn't want you swearing on television. So the way people talked in real life, they never talked on television. Right. Right. Yeah. And, you know, and so that got subverted, You know, true free expression got subverted by advertisement. Well, and that is what is cool about the world we're living in right now. Right. 'cause like YouTube and Twitter X or you know, whatever, blue Sky, All the things, podcasts, I mean, people are free to kind of speak and Talk, not necessarily on Blue Sky. Maybe not. I bet I can get bad pretty quick. Which is some simple scientific facts. But, you know, I mean, there is a democracy to information now where Yes. I think like stuff that could never have gotten out there 20, 30 years ago when the gatekeeping of, like you were saying, advertising and all that was so extreme.


It's just changed. And that's awesome. Profoundly Yeah. In, in a way that I, I don't think we even appreciate because we're a part of it. Right. I think it's one of those things we've become accustomed to checking the news on your phone when you wake up in the morning and having and friends sending you things, oh my God, did you see this? Right. And cool things too. Great music and Yeah. So many things get ex they get shared. Right. Like, your show got shared to me. Yeah. I, I don't even remember who shared it to me because so many people did. Yeah. 'cause I don't remember who the first person was. Yeah. Well, and I think that's a thing that is cool. Right? We actually have like, evidence of what this like democratization of information looks like. Like the UIP phenomena has become so much more mainstream.


People are talking about it, like things that could not have been shared or spoken or now out there, same with psychedelics and psilocybin And, you know, going on ketamine trips or whatever. Like all that now is just common knowledge that this can be great for healing PTSD or you know, depression or whatever the stuff with telepathy, You know, I mean, channeling, whatever it is. Like all these things, especially TikTok, you're like, holy cow, this is so, I'm glad you brought that. You have a pa thing up. I, I hate to interrupt you, but because I think a lot of the, what we're hearing is nonsense. Yeah. I mean, I think a lot of what is being shared, especially publicly, like, there's too, too many voices that I think are either intelligence assets or are disinformation experts that are doing it on purpose.


And that there's too much of, you know, the same feeling that I get. You know, like when I said to, I met my friend's ex-girlfriend, I was like, oh, get out now. Yeah. There, there's a, I have that feeling about the UAP thing. When I hear people talk, nothing seems real to me. Yeah. When I talk to people about it, there's not one. I mean, even when people tell me their own personal experiences, I believe them. It does not register as real. That's so interesting. Something registers as being nonsense. There's something maybe not nonsense, but maybe way weirder than what their explaining it. Like, like non-physical interaction that they are reinterpreting as like physical interaction.


Yeah. That there's some, there's some disconnect between their wor Like if someone tells me experience what they have, like here's a good example. My friend Steve told me a harrowing experience of them being attacked by a brown bear in Alaska. And when he tells you this story, first of all, I know it's real. 'cause I know multiple people who were there. They were all there. It was no one got hurt. It was very fortunate. But they're, they got charged by a grizzly who ran through their tent. One of my friends was on its back. Oh my gosh. That's Good. For like 10 yards. Oh wow. Like, it literally plowed through the people and he wound up like riding its back for like 10 yards before he fell off.


Wow. Yeah. It was just like, I mean, it can cover 10 yards in a second. Right. Yeah. And the whole thing was just insane chaos. And the way he describes how your reptilian brain completely takes the fear is so overwhelming and different than anything you've ever experienced before. I know it happened. Yeah. And he's telling me this. I know it happened. Yeah. When these people are telling me about talking to aliens and All the, I'm not getting nothing out of them. I'm not getting nothing. I'm getting a flat piece of paper. Yeah. There's no fear. There's no, there's no charge. I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I, I just don't get anything from their story. That's so interesting. I hear it. It's interesting.


But I don't get anything that lights any bells. Yeah. There's no bulbs Gopuff with me. Huh. I just sit there and go, wow. Okay, so what were you thinking? You know? And what I'm asking 'em questions, but I'm not getting nothing. Yeah. That's Interesting. And so that leaves me, 'cause I know that for sure the government has technology that they do not want the general public to be aware of for reasons of national security or whatever it is. Or, you know, money has been pushed through to finance things and they lie to Congress and they have to keep lying. Whatever the reason is that's real. There's most certainly black ops programs that the general public is not aware of.


That's always gonna be the case. If you have those, what better way to hide them than in plain sight and with a bunch of people that are air quote whistleblowers that go out and tell everybody about all these experiences. They're not of this earth. And that's what I would do. Yeah. If I was the government and I wanted to be super sneaky, I would have a bunch of my like really clever agents go and whistle blow. Yeah. Tell some stories, talk, talk about people that have been abducted, talk about all these different things. Yeah. And then on top of that, there's real experiences. So I think, I think there is something, because it exists throughout history, just like telepathy exists throughout history and ghosts exists throughout history and, and religion exists.


There's something there. Yeah. There's something there that's distorted by our very slippery grasp on truth. Yes. Yeah. I think that's a very true assessment. Yeah. Yeah. But There's also just too many stories from hundreds of years ago that are incredibly similar to the things that people are talking about today. Yeah. That's the stuff that's interesting. Yeah. Like Jacques Vallee and Exactly. Yeah. I just finished his third book. Yeah. I mean It's, that's the mind. He's, but he's great because he's not a believer. Yeah. He's very skeptical about a lot and highlights a lot of the bullshit to the point where you're like, okay, what's true?


Yeah. What's true? I mean, you know, the people you have to trust though. I think the only Ones Yeah. The only ones you can trust. Yeah. Because there's too many people that are out there telling you, I know what's happening. We are about to experience contact. The, All the people, the joint chiefs of staff have been notified and like those people I don't want to talk to No. Like, you shut the fuck up. Yeah. You don't know anything. There's no way. You know, you're right. You're, you are just taking advantage of this very weird moment in time Yeah. Where people aren't sure, but there's all this discussion and this phenomenon and you've drifted yourself to This. Right. Exactly. There's a lot of Those people There. There are. Yeah. And it's click bait and it's this and their profit. Yeah. Right. Because they, they, they're gross. No, but the true in intellectual people is looking at the consciousness side of this, I think fascinating.


That's what's like, what's going on here? I Think that's where it is. Yeah. It's a conscious, I mean, that's why, you know, I wasn't into the UAP stuff until people started saying to me like, you should at least start looking at some of these great thinkers, because a lot of this has to do with consciousness And what, what are we and why are we here? And like, what's a hyper object? Right. Right. Like, like, like a lot of stuff that I'm like, what is going on? So you start reading about it and understanding Okay. Like where things might converge is an a, a exploration of consciousness. Yeah. And our consciousness is confined by identity. It's confined by so many different things. So many, so many walls that we put up and we ego and blinders and self delusion.


There's all these just weird things that we have in our mind because we don't necessarily have a very good direction book of how to be a human. Right. You Know, or what we're just limited to by our vision. Right. Like if you were to talk to a dog and be like, Hey, there's, does this dog know about calculus? And does it know about like Right. The, you know, whatever electoral college. Of course not. Like, there's no way, there's no universe in which a dog would know about that stuff, But it could smell a cat four blocks Away. Exactly. You ever see a cat dog just slow? Yes. No. In the air. You know, they have insane noses. They could, they could smell individual ingredients in a hamburger. Wow. That's so fascinating.


And a bear is like 10 times stronger than that. That's so, which is bananas. That's amazing To be Smell that. Well, they can smell human beings hundreds of yards away. Right. Just a whiff of the wind. And then All the sudden they're like, oh people, it's get the fuck outta here. Well, and that's like, we don't have that, but like, like a dog doesn't have X, y, z what are we living? We might not be able to see half of what's there. Percent sure. Conceive of it. So Wave your hand above an earthworm. There's no idea what's going on. There's No idea What's going on. Yeah. Like, it doesn't need to Right. Lives, its life underground. Those senses are not necessary. Right. So that's the mystery, right? Yeah. And our senses most likely have atrophied. You know, that's the real thing is that, you know, there's a lot of talk from, you know, ancient, whether it's ancient religious texts or of contact of something communicating with you that's not physically that.


And you know, you gotta wonder like, was this really common for people? Like there's, there's so many descriptions of being contacted by something that's not there. Like, what was that before? Language normal. Yeah. And, and was it physically someone contacted you or was it in a mental space? Right. Like, were you in this thought world, like almost you were astral traveling or whatever. Right. Like, I mean, that's the question too is, or can you be experiencing something in your mind that's not happening physically? Right. Well, and I think that question is pervasive in the UAP world as well as in this like, telepathy world, Right? It's the birds flying around in unison.


Like somehow or another they're tuned in to some, some pattern that re they never collide. How do they not collide? I know. I mean, that's like so spectacular that you're literally hundreds of feet above the earth. Yeah. If you collide, you get knocked unconscious. Yeah. You're both dead and no one collides Ever. Yeah. And they're going fastly. I mean, imagine like, Why would you do that? Like what, what benefit, evolutionary benefit, what natural survival benefit would there be? And a bunch of you flying around in weird patterns in the sky. Like, look at that. Oh, Look at that. Here We go. That is so beautiful. One thing I've heard is they just look like a bigger thing. So It's, I that's gotta be it. Right? You look like a big monster.


Yeah. That doesn't scare off fish. They go right to a big thing. Well, that's the problem. You know, when tda see that big thing, they're like, fuck Yeah. Look how crazy that is. I mean, it's so, But why would that be a benefit to like, being a bigger thing that would make you a bigger target? I don't, I mean, it's just, it's so cool. Weird. It's so weird. Like, no one's falling. No, no one's hitting Together. How come they're colliding? I mean, how come they're not falling? And doesn't it look like art? I mean, it really is like an elaborate dance. Have you ever seen wolves hunt? No. They communicate and we don't know that. I believe we don't know what they're doing. We don't, we don't know how they do it. But they decide pathy man.


Yeah. Yeah. There's something. 'cause they, they flank animals. They know how to do it. Yeah. Like they know to chase animals into, into canyons. Yeah. And then they get on the other side of it. Yeah. And they capture 'em when they're trying to escape Telepathy. I mean, one of the teachers that I, I've come to love so much, and she was also in England. She said that the first time she realized something like this was going on, she was working at a school where there pe individuals weren't speaking. And she saw people of like a bunch of her class playing at recess. And she's like, it was a fully orchestrated game. Like this one needed to go here and this one needed to go here. And they were doing this and that. She's like, but they weren't speaking. And I was watching this through the classroom window and I thought, they are communicating through telepathy because how else do this is a huge organized game.


And she watched it over and over again. And then she thought in her head like, I wanna be in on this. I want you all to teach me. I wanna get in on this. And then one of the boys started, she'd start hearing him in her head. Like if he had fallen down outside or couldn't find his lunch money or, you know, something happened, skinned his knee and she would hear him and like would know where to go find him. And she was like, oh my gosh. Like he's, this is starting to work. And then whoa. Yeah. And then like one of the students' mothers died and she became, and the mother said to this teacher, I want you to really take care of my son as he ages. He loves you. Like he, he really respects you. And she's done that his whole life. And now, you know, he's a grown adult and, and they still communicate, but she's like, now he communicates with me telepathically, I'll get these huge visual packages.


And she's like, and sometimes I think, first, did this come from me? Am I making this up? But it'll be like an update on someone from, You know, that they knew both 20 years ago. And she'll be, that can't be that this guy is suddenly a priest. He was so unreligious or whatever. It would, there'll be something that makes no sense and she'll go look it up on Facebook and it proves to be true. So, you know, she'll constantly have to double check things. And she Yeah. I mean, so it's, it's remarkable. But I do not doubt that the wolves are probably using telepathy. Yeah. I think chimpanzees do it too. I think they, they all have roles and they know what role to play and they just sort of like lock in on this task together. And somehow or another communicate like they lay in wait.


Yeah. They know when to wait. It's so Cool. Weird. It's so Cool. Yeah. It's so cool. I mean, imagine if one day we can figure out through technology to access minds of animals and see how an owl thinks. Ah. Like see, like what is, what is the, what's the process in their mind when they lock onto, so what does a predator thing? Yeah. What does a, what does a, does a prey animal know when it's being watched? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, sometimes there's been that book, trust me, I'm a hunter. They don't, sometimes they, they don't always know. They don't know at all. You know, that's sometimes they don't know at all. That's so how far away are you when you're Sometimes like 50, 60 yards and they have no idea you're there.


Wow. And they're, you know, but a lot of times they're distracted too. Yeah. Because they're in the rut. So they're mating and they're distracted. Yeah. Which is a rude way to hunt them. Yeah. But that's, that's how, yeah. That's like, so that's how people hunt them. It's like the worst way to hunt someone. I mean, not always. There's a lot of animals you hunt. You've got their Music on that are not in the rut. But you know, like white TL deer, elk primarily, you hunt them when they're in the rut. Yeah. There's some animals though, that are very, very difficult to hunt. And one of the reasons why is you don't hunt them when they're in the rut. Like mule deer. Mule deer are the most clever and the most aware of all deer species because they're constantly being pursued by mountain lion.


Oh. So they're always like, what the fuck is That? Yeah. They're totally nervous. They're like always on, on edge. Yeah. And they have an uncanny ability to get out of the way. They just, they, they know something's there and they're like, fuck this. And they just bounce out. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta sneak up on 'em when the wind's blowing. You gotta like, like people take their shoes off to creep up on them. So Tactical. Yeah. Well you have to be. Yeah. Because you have to. Well, especially bow hunting. Yeah. So you have to get, ideally you want to get within inside of 60 yards. Yeah. That's really what you want. Right. Especially in a mule. Deer's not that big. And elk is a much larger target, but a mule deer is, you know, a big one's like 300 pounds. You, you gotta get pretty close and they fucking know something's up.


Yeah. They know something's up. Yeah. You Know? Yeah. Sometimes you're staring at them and they're just like, what? You know, they're just tuned in. Yeah. Yeah. There's also, I don't know if this is real or not, but there's a company called Hex and they make these, they make clothes that block out your electrical signal. And one of the things like, it's very hard to discern whether or not it works with Right. With mammals, but it seems to work really well with fish. So there's a lot of video evidence of these people putting these hex suits on underneath their, their wet gear or their Scooby gear and then going in the water and being able to get like right up close to fish.


They don't even know what the fuck is going on. And They couldn't, if they didn't have the suit on, This is their assertion. Okay. Now obviously they're selling a product. Yeah. Very controversial in the, the hunting world, whether or not these things are real. Some people 100% believe in them and there's a bunch of evidence that people wear them and then they sit in a field and turkeys like, get right next to them. And what weird. And turkeys have incredible vision. Yeah. Turkeys have better vision than humans. Yeah. Huh. I'd like to know more about that. Yeah. But the, the, the really compelling stuff to me is the water stuff. Yeah. Because they do it in the water. And the idea is that prey animals have this electrical, some sort of signal that they're giving off Yeah.


That these animals can pick up. Hmm. That's really interesting. I'd like to learn more about that. That's Fascinating. Well, fish have a thing called the lateral line. You ever seen that line on a fish? Yeah. So that lateral line is interpreting movement in the water. Yeah. It's interpreting. So yeah. Filmographer, he says it lets get him closer to anything than really. Yeah. Without It. Well he's just Showing different. So this is footage you got. The problem is obviously this is a commercial. Right? Right. And the problem is, you know, these people believe it. And I don't know if they've done, like how would you do a double blind study with this? Right. You know, would you, you're you're dealing with completely different fish. Completely different time.


Yeah. You know, there's a, what did that fish exp experience? Did that fish just experience a shark 30 minutes ago? Right. What do you, you know, what's going on? Are they on edge? You have edge, you have to do a bunch of 'em. I think You have to do it a lot. Yeah. And I don't know if they've done that because I think they're just trying to sell the this thing. Yeah. That may or may not work. And it's because it blocks out your magnetic field. Is that what They're saying? Supposedly? What is, what is their expla explanation for? I wonder if you can measure that. What does, has something to do do? Because there's a be way to measure that. Well, the human body's essentially an electrical system. Right, right. So it kind of makes sense that we would give off some sort of a, a visual representation or some senses that we don't understand. Yeah. Just says electromagnetic patterns or Okay. Something like that.


Huh? All Right. What is it? Google hex suit debunked. Oh, Google. That. HEC suit, H-H-E-C-S suit debunked. I wonder if anybody's ever tried to debunk it and say that's nonsense. Because I know a lot of people that don't think it's, that works. Yeah. They won't, they don't wanna wear them. Yeah. But I know my friend John Dudley, who's one of the best hunters in the world, he wears it every time he goes hunting. Really? Yeah. Fascinating. He thinks animals can't see him as well when he wears it. That's So interesting. I mean, if he believes it works, then that's like, you know, sometimes the, the act of faith is more important than the fact of it. Right. So Sometimes maybe. I don't know. No, I think the fact is more important. 'cause if you're doing both things, if you're doing, if you're, you're doing everything correctly.


But one thing does give you like, camouflage works. We know it works. Yeah. Because there's something about the way animals, see they, they, they essentially see movement and line detection. So to see the frame of a human being, clearly if you're wearing black and you're standing there and you're a bipedal thing, they're like, oh, fuck that. That's person. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's get outta here. But if your lines are completely broken up by camouflage and you stand still, they don't see you. They see Nonsense. Yeah. Just nonsense. They see the woods. Yeah. They see, you know, you blend in. Yeah. Yeah. And that's why camouflage doesn't have to look like leaves and sticks. It can just look like patches of black and stripes and tiger stripes. Right. It makes sense. Yeah.


Yeah. It does. It does make sense. I mean that's why animals in nature have that. Yeah. You know, I was watching this thing where they were explaining what animals see versus what we see why tigers would be so beautifully colored. 'cause the animals don't see that color for whatever reason. But they do see the lines, and the lines completely blur in with the grass because animals seeing black and white. Right. Or in a weird sort of Shade of things. Interesting. Have You found anything about hex suit debunked? Just, I just, tons of anecdotal evidence. A few videos people though a good point is like, how did Fred Bair do it? How did he get so close to stuff? Hmm. That's just their example. The old, you know, the original hunter.


Right. Those guys all wore, like with Fred Flan shirts and They weren't doing odor blocking stuff. Yeah. That odor blocking shit doesn't work. Yeah. I don't, and I have no real, no one did like a study and made a punch Because by the way, if you have odor blocking, the animals smell the odor blocking and they're like, what the Fuck? Right. Yes. Yeah. That, that stinks. Car out. Stink, Stink. Fucking weird smell. There's no way we smell so bad. Yeah. The animals, there's no way they smell us like we smell a skunk. Yeah. That's so interesting. Isn't Yeah. You know, You can smell skunk that gets killed like five blocks away. That's how they smell us. Oh. They know we're in the neighborhood. Yeah. Yeah. So I don't think that scent stuff does anything. I mean, maybe it blocks a little bit, so maybe it helps a little bit. Yeah. Maybe, I mean, you're looking for every little edge.


'cause you are essentially competing with the survival instincts of something that has existed in that form for a thousand years. Or excuse me, a million years or more. Right. You're walking to an environment you're supposed to lose in if you're hunting an animal. Yeah. The only reason why you win is 'cause you have a bow and arrow. Right. Or you have a, a rifle and, And you know which way the wind's blowing. Yes. That's the big thing. Yeah. It's like if you get winded, if they smell you, it's over. Yeah. Like the whole thing is the wind has to be in your face. So if you're looking at the animal, the wind has to be coming in your direction. If the wind hits the back of your neck, it's over. Really? You feel it? Yeah. You're like, oh shit. Because They'll smell you instantly. Oh, a hundred. They're like, what the fuck this? And they're gone. Wow. Really? Instantaneously.


Wow. Yeah. That's so a hundred yards away. They just start running. Really? Oh yeah, Yeah. Yeah. What if the one who's going like perpendicular? No, it has to go to them. Okay. Right. That's why they always find themselves, they always bed down in a position where the wind is coming straight to them towards any threats. Yeah. And then the, the females will line up and look in the other way. So they'll look towards the, the way where the wind is going. Yeah. And then everyone will line out so the wind comes to them and then some will look in the opposite direction. Wow. Yeah. And they try to keep their eyes open. But again, it's 'cause they're dealing with cats. It's a fascinating sport though.


Yeah. It's just 'cause it's so, it's so, I mean, it is so tactical, not just like the physicality of it and the wind and then environment, but just like the, the mental, you know, it Strategy, it's also bizarrely psychedelic in this weird way when when you're there, the world doesn't exist. And when you see these animals, you connect with them in some sort of a strange way. Hmm. And you're, you're trying to like, almost not exist. You're trying to like, give off nothing. Which is what cats do. When you see them creeping up on things. They, they're not like, oh motherfucker. Yeah. Right. They're not rowling. Yeah. They're Like locked in. Yeah. Is locked in. Almost like non-existent until they go.


Yeah. And then the whole thing is like, I gotta be able to move quicker than you can run away. Right. Yeah. That's such a, it's a cool sport. Weird. Yeah. Weird. It's a weird, but it's, whatever these animals are experiencing with each other is probably some form of telepathy as well. You know? How do they know, like how do wolves know to work together? Is it just trial and error? Like, it seems like they have roles that they've like predetermined roles. Like one of them will chase them down, the other one will be laying in weight. Like they, they do stuff together, they coordinate. Yeah. In some, some strange way. You had that wolf woman on your show, right? Diane Boyd. Yeah. Yeah. Fascinating. Yeah. Yeah. She's so interesting. Yeah. But she was most afraid of people remember that.


Yeah. Yeah. Rightly so. Yeah. How many people get killed by wolves every year versus people? Yeah, yeah, yeah. People are way creepier. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wolves are just real, I mean, clear, not simple, complex obviously, but clear in what they're trying to do. They're trying to eat and survive and that's, that's their job. Yep. Yeah. Well that's was a tangent, wasn't it? Yeah. Yeah. We, we got a lot of tangents, but that's the beauty of the human mind. It Is. I love the Human mind. It does go on tangents. Yes. I think that we're, we're all sort of trying to understand why we view the world the way we do and how much of that has been projected upon us by culture and society and how much of it is things we understand innately how much, how, how many things we can't prove, but that are a part of this world that we live in.


Right. And I think what your show has done with The Telepathy Tapes, and I'm sure what the documentary has done is I think more important than anything, open up this possibility to be explored. You know, and recognizing that it's real and that these preconceived notions that we've held onto for so long are probably erroneous. We we're probably have screwed ourselves by latching onto the idea that this is it. Yeah. This is all that we have and this is the way to live life and Yeah. You know, put your suit on and go to work. Right. Yeah. Boring way to live life. Yeah. Gosh, I can't imagine working in an office.


Yeah. I mean, I, I think it's a pendulum shift. I mean, the whole world is opening up right now. Right. I mean, there's just poof. Like so much is happening. I think that people are challenging these preconceived old fat. Ooh, I might have some coffee now. Please, please Do. Sorry I offered you earlier. No, I said no earlier. Now. I'm, now I'm into it. Cheers. Cheers. Thanks for being here. Yeah. I like your mug with a third eye. You can, you can have it Really? Okay. I'll bring it home. That's cool. So I can't wait to taste your coffee. See how strong It's, It's pretty good. That's great. Shout Out to Black Rapper. It's perfect. Yeah, it's good. It's great. So what is your hope for this stuff? Like in, in your most ideal scenario?


Yeah. And how your, your obviously your show's been received in a tremendously positive way and people are super intrigued and really popular, so that's great. So, so more, more discussion, but what, what, like in an ideal scenario, what would you like to happen? Okay. I think there's three things, right? I think for one like baseline for people to presume competence and non-speaking individuals or someone who can't control their body, don't think, just 'cause they can't speak doesn't mean they can't think, you know, you know that they're not there. Yeah. They're aren't in there. Right. And then I think the second one is certainly to try to get spelling validated in, in schools, right? Like, it's almost like telepathy in a way, operated as a Trojan horse to get people to acknowledge and notice these incredible individuals and just take note and help them.


So I get, I think getting spelling validated and affirmed and make it accessible in schools. That would be the next thing. And then I think the third thing is, I mean, truly a paradigm shift. I mean, I, I want people to know, because I've come to what I feel like is believed this, right? That there is a non-physical world that's real. Our idea that consciousness is at the tippy top, that's the result of this physical world, I think is incorrect. I think consciousness is at the bottom of it and start at everything. And with that in mind, consciousness then there's so much more possible it can survive our body. We can communicate without our bodies. We can see into the future, maybe into the past. I mean whatever it is, anything mental we're capable of.


And that helps us explain a lot more. So the paradigm shift I think is really cool if it can happen. And a lot of people have been working toward that, you know, I mean, so I'm just like a tiny bit in a large puzzle of huge giants that have come before me. But I think that, that if this is gonna help more people, like just be aware of the system of what is called, again, like this materialism, which is the idea that it's only what's real can be, you know, observed and measured. If we can get people to realize they're living in that system and that system was constructed and it's not necessarily the truth. So don't be embarrassed to talk about stuff, to research stuff, to ask a question. You shouldn't be ridiculed and dismissed just 'cause the system tells you you should be.


That concept is just so hard to grasp. Yeah. If you've not, if you haven't read any of Tom Campbell stuff or haven't considered this or listened to Rupert Sherick talk or your show, it's like, it's so hard for people to grasp that. Yeah. Tom Campbell blew my mind. I mean he is like, yeah, I say Ruper got a lot of text messages from buddies after that. Like, what the fuck dude? Yeah. I'm so confused. Yeah. But this is what I will say. 'cause I actually had a friend that when I was sort of like, like going through my own thing, she was just like, just if you just start reading about some of this stuff, just reading it, you'll find what you're looking for. Like, there's so much there. Whether if you start reading about near death experiences or Ian Stevenson or Tom Campbell or any of this stuff, it's just like, right.


And, and the re people are researching this, right? Yeah. It's not like this just happened, this has been been going on for a long time, these questions. So once the the documentary's out, what do you hope to do next? Do you have a Yeah, a game plan. So we just started working on the doc. I'm hoping that will be done and wrapped up, You know, early next year maybe we'll premier out south by, we'll be back hopefully. I mean, who knows? And so, so after that, then we're gonna do an impact campaign where you take a documentary around and you screen it with a panel. So that'd be cool. It'll be nons speakers And you know, we can get people from the Department of education there or whatever in different cities. And then hopefully that will make an impact. Get people into the rooms talking to whatever.


And then after that, we have a really long-term goal where we wanna try to work with like a few foundations or maybe start a foundation to open centers that can, if you can imagine something maybe like, kind of like the size of an REI in every city where nons speakers can go and get like physical and mental and spiritual supports and spelling help and education or whatever. You know, there's physical therapy that can help and for respite care for these parents who are working 24 7 to take care of these individuals. And it could just be a beautiful thing. But then there's so many academics to what you can noted earlier, like that might wanna work with nons speakers who might wanna, can, can you help me decode whale language or figure out how to stop blanching the coral reefs or whatever.


So if there's, you know, I know nons speakers who wanna work in plant medicine, who wanna work in this, who wanna work in X, Y, Z. But I think the most important thing is these centers maybe could vet those individuals, make sure these academics learn to become a spelling to communicate partner and, and be background checked to make sure they don't have some nefarious goal. And then this could maybe create opportunities for scholars to make money, to have a career, to really contribute in these meaningful ways. So that's our goal is to create these like centers that can both nourish and support nons speakers and their families, but also allow nons speakers to engage and use their intellect and abilities to have like meaningful careers That and more, right.


More, more people coming out, more people understanding it, more people grasping it, more people accepting. And then this sort of changes the level of cynicism. So it changes the level of negativity and it opens up the acceptance of this stuff. And then maybe we learn more. Yeah. Yeah. And it's just, I mean, in history too, people would look at deaf people or blind people before and think they're not in there, especially deaf people. It's just like, oh, they must not be in there. No one thinks that anymore. It's ridiculous to think that. Right, right. You know? But we're doing the same thing to this population. So yeah. I mean, there're some of the most brilliant individuals that I've ever met. And actually, I talked to a teacher right before I left here today, and I said she was talking about her student.


She just had a conversation with who's, she said in when in el in middle school or whatever, high school. What did you learn that whole time? What did you learn in school? Well, he was being taught like he was little And what he answered was patience. I mean, just so beautiful, so wise. Right. He wasn't crapping on the, like, I learned nothing. They kept telling me animal colors and this and whatever. Like it wasn't anger. It was, I learned patience. Wow. Because us, you know, our stupid system that has made these individuals out to be like, they're not smart. Right. Has taught them, has failed them when it comes to education. So I just thought that was a beautiful answer. And so, so in line with how wise and kind and thoughtful, so many non-peak I've met are, yeah.


That's a beautiful answer. That's a good way to wrap this up. Yeah. Kai, Thank you very much for being here and Thank you very much for your series. Yeah. It's really incredible. And I, I can't wait to watch the documentary and I'd love to have you back on when, when it, Thank you if whenever it releases. Yeah. Wonderful. Ill bring some parents with me. I'll bring Okay. And a non-speaker with so You can see it. Okay. I'm gonna bring Katie in Houston and your mind's gonna go. Okay, let's do it. Yeah, let's do it. Alright.


Telepathy tapes. It's available basically everywhere. Spotify, apple, whatever. Right. Wherever you get your podcast, wherever you get Your podcast. Yeah. It's really incredible. I loved it.


All right. That's it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.