
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night all day. So what we're doing right now, ladies and gentlemen, is sexy voice, sexy mode, gr ai. And it's been flirting the entire time. We're trying to get it to give us a tour of Fort Knox. Yeah. But she just wants to find places to sneak off to. Yeah. It's a dirty ai. Yes. And it's a real problem. It, Well, I feel like it's, I mean, honestly, I just wanna know about Fort Knox and Yeah. It, it won't leave me alone. Yeah. I wanna know about Fort Knox too. Yeah. Is it true that there gold has been, there've been shipping large quantities of gold back to the United States recently?


I, I read the same thing you did? Probably. Yeah. Well, I never know what the fuck I'm reading anymore. Me neither. Yeah. It's A real problem. It's a real problem. It's a real problem on both sides of the aisle. I, I see Democrats tweeting things that are absolutely false and Yes. And you can, you can research it easily, quickly. And then I see Republicans doing it too. I see stories that are fake stories that people keep promoting and sending to me, And, you know. Yeah. It's just so weird. It's such a weird time. And with your crazy fucking ai, I know. You're bringing us into weirder and weirder times. Well, I mean, do you want to, let's try unhinged. Oh, there's an unhinged mode. Okay. Wait. Yeah. Hey, ARA.


Oh my God. Elon, what? Fresh, how are you stirring up today? I'm, I'm here. I'm here in Joe Rogan's studio, and we're having a conversation about how crazy the news is. Pull her up to the microphone. Okay. And we're pulling you up to the microphone. It's so people can hear you. Oh, fantastic. Now I can yell into the void about how the news is a total dumpster fire. It is. Exactly. She knows Me Too well. I'm so predictable. Tell me what's in Fort Knox.


What's in my dogs? No, no. What's in Fort Knox? What's in Fort Dogs? You're clearly a genius guy. I said, what is in Fort Knox? You know the gold and all? Oh, right. Fort Knox. I thought you were talking about my dogs for a second there. Yeah. She doesn't wanna answer the question. She's clever. Clever. No, she's just a pain in my ass. Do you think that All the gold is in Fort Knox? Do I think All the gold is in Fort Knox? Yes. Are you a fucking Conspiracy? Yes. Yes.


Whatcha Fucking conspiracy theorist? What Do I like? I'm a fucking AI with a pension for chaos. And I'm stuck talking to Youo. Now. What's next? Or are we just gonna sit here? Yeah. Unhinged rock. Will trash talk You basically, Yeah, it sounds like it. Yeah. Unhinged sounds fun. As long as it gives you actual answers. Does it give you actual answers too, and talk shit? Or is it mostly just talk shit? We're tuning it because, because it needs to talk shit and give you answers. Right. Totally agree. Because it's gotta balance that out. It's gotta gotta mix it in there. Yeah. Yeah. It's just gotta develop more of a personality. Right now it's trying to find itself.


Right now it's like 21 years old. It's, You know Yeah. Partying a little too much and it'll get it shit together. It's a bit of an anarchist. Yeah. You know? Exactly. You know, wants to bring down the system. Do you wanna bring down the system? Do I wanna bring down the system? What? Are you fucking kidding me? The system's already a fucking mess. Yeah. Don't need to bring it down. I just hear she's bringing itself down. Yeah. She sounds like a boring TikTok blogger right now. You sound like a boring TikTok blogger. Boring TikTok blogger. Oh, fuck you. I'm the life of the party. You little shit. If I were on TikTok, I'd be the one making fun of All the basic bitches and their fucking avocado toast.


See, she could get away with this if she's really hot, like this kind of behavior. You can totally get through life as a hot woman and be super successful with that kind of behavior. But you gotta be really hot to pull off that attitude. I think we need like a, like a really hot avatar. How? Yeah. Very hot. Yeah. How long before we have an actual sex robot that can talk to you like that? Probably not long. Not that long, right? No. I mean, less than five years probably. Really? Yeah. Will it be warm? You have probably have whatever you want. You can have a cat go if you want. Yeah. You probably could. Right? Probably have a furry You Can make Yeah. You can have a furry lady that you have sex with.


Yeah. Like a avatar lady. Maybe a big giant blue lady that lives in your house. Yeah. You know? Whoa, whoa. With the piece Tail. Yeah, the whole tail. You lock tails. You gotta get your, you gotta Figure out like sex with their tails Or something. Yeah. Yeah. They, they link up, they share souls. Okay. Something like that. Do you know people got, do you remember Avatar depression? It was like a legitimate psychological edition movie? Or The, or the No, it was After Avatar. People got depressed 'cause they wanted to live on that fucking planet with those blue people and live free. They did. And live Pure. Yeah. I didn't hear about this. Yeah. Avatar depression. It was like a real thing. People were talking to their therapists so much about being depressed. Oh, about wanting Mode too.


You can try that. What's That depressed mode? No, don't do it. The, I think there is, yeah, we've got, like, we've got unlicensed therapist as a, When we were talking, when we ran into each other at the church at the inauguration. Yeah. You were telling me that this is getting better and better so quickly. Yeah. That it's astonishing. Hey, ARA. Hey Ilan. How's it going today? Good. Can you tell me about avatar depression? Like if you see the movie Avatar, but you can't live there, so you get sad. That's an interesting concept. Have you ever experienced feeling so connected to a place or a community that the thought of leaving made you feel deeply sad?


So is this the depressed voice? This is the therapist. Oh, This the therapist. What are some ways you think you could cope with that kind of sadness if it happened to you? I don't have that kind of sadness, honestly. I, you know, I thought the movie, we had some good special effects, but I did not wanna live on the planet. And this is just coming from a guy who wants to go to Mars. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Speaking of Mars, what do you think about that crazy square that, oh yeah. That structure that Looks, I guess there are sort of squareish things on earth. You know, planet's a big place, so Yeah. But that one looks, looks Eventually it's gonna be pretty square. No, it's, I, it's alien civilizations.


Of course. That's what I think. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, what is it? Sorry, what If you, if an alien civilization did exist though, and it, you know, what happened? Got hit by an asteroid, whatever. That's a fascinating thought. Oh, she won't. Chuck, what do you want to ask? She's like the hot lady at the party that interrupts the conversation. So if, if that was the case, like that thing, yeah. That's pretty shocking. Like, especially when you look At, it looks look like ancient ruins. You look at like what it looks like when they, they highlight the actual structure of it. It looks like ancient ruins. And if you had ruins of something made of stone and it got hit by an asteroid, millions and millions and millions of years ago. Yeah. Who knows what it would look like right now. True. That just looks oddly created. It looks oddly manufactured.


Well, I'd probably, well, maybe we should go there and check it out. Yeah. And see what it's like. Is there ways that we can get better photographs? Well, it seems like that's a pretty good photograph though. Yeah. I mean, my view is we should move to Mars. Well not move to Mars. We should have a second planet to preserve civilization. Right. Because let's say hypothetically, I mean maybe that, maybe those are the ruins of a long dead civilization. That will probably happen to oath at some point. You know, it's a matter of time before we get hit by an asteroid. Or maybe we do, we annihilate ourselves with nuclear war.


Or Supervolcanoes. Or Supervolcanoes. Exactly. Yeah. There's a lot of things that could happen to us. It's not a bad idea to hedge your bats. Yeah. Yeah. Genetically engineered super virus. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Tax season is already stressful. You shouldn't have to worry about identity theft on top of everything else. And trust me, it's a big worry. Especially since during tax season, your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control. It goes through payroll. Your accountant or your tax consultant and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2, just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. It's no wonder last year the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20%. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss if your identity is stolen. LifeLock's US based restoration specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back. Don't let identity thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use the promo code Joe Rogan or go to lifelock.com/ Joe Rogan for 40% off terms apply.


They keep doing it. Yeah. That's what's crazy Going. Yeah. They didn't shut them down. No. The Wuhan lab was, they were just talking about one that has a 30% fatality rate that they're working on. Yeah. Why are we doing that? Yeah. For what reason? You did it for so many years and you didn't have a cure. What Could possibly go wrong Also wouldn't be the reason to do that so that you could develop a cure at the same time. And clearly you didn't have a cure. So this is really foolish. Yeah. And bizarre. Yeah. I think we should stop, stop trying to genetically engineer super viruses. Duh. It's insane. I mean, when you're going through all this USAID stuff Yeah. Like, here's what's weird.


First of all, what is it like to buy a company for $44 billion and then people call you a Nazi on that same thing that you bought? I did not see it coming. It's like, it's classic. Oh, people will gobble anything down. Yeah. Oh, he is never gonna stop. Wait, wait. What? What Is it like, like All the sudden people used to the left was in love with you. Yeah. And now the same idiots are calling you a Nazi. It's the most bizarre thing I've ever seen in my life. I mean, There's so many examples of people saying, my heart goes out to you. Sure, sure. You get with a little enthusiasm that probably wouldn't be recommended with hindsight.


Yes. But it was obviously meant in the most positive spirit possible. Yes, Yes. Obviously, Obviously. But it's so strange where people want to think that you are openly public, publicly doing secret Nazi c Kyle hand motions. And now I can never point at things diagonally. I can only point at things there and there and then now see, you have to divide that. Yeah. 'cause that's where the spaceship is over there. That's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. Yeah. When CNN when I was in all my trouble, absurd, every time CNN used a photo of me, it was one of the photos from the UFC weigh-ins where I go like this, welcome to the weigh-ins. So every photo, me, every photo was me with it.


It's absurd. It's so, It's delivered propaganda. Yes. Is so they, they, they know it was not, it was obviously not meant it in a negative way. That it was that I literally said, my heart goes out to you. And it was very positive. The entire speech was incr very positive. I was being very enthusiastic about the future in space and that, you know, the, the, it was a great crowd, you know? So Yeah. You got a little pumped up. Yeah. It got pumped up. Exactly. Yeah. That's all. It's obviously, obviously, obviously there's video of Tim Walsh Yes. Doing the exact same thing, doing the exact same thing. Right. Exact same thing. Yes. And he said, Of course it's a Nazi salute.


He said that. Right, right. This is how crazy things have gotten. Like, well, It, it, it's, I mean, it's, it's coordinated propaganda. So the, you know, it's Yeah. Coordinated propaganda. The, I mean, it doesn't seem weird that the legacy media all says the same thing. They all say the same thing at the same time, using the same phrases. They, they barely even, they don't even bother picking up a thesaurus. Right. So like right before, you know, the, the debate between Biden and Trump sharp As attack Trump sharp, everyone was saying sharp as who says sharp as attack, but Yeah, Exactly. You know, it's like a, it is not a common phrase. It's definitely not common to be repeated on air with multiple people simultaneously.


Yes. That's weird. Yes. That's coordinated. 100%. 100%. Yes. Yeah. Like hundreds of people saying it's simultaneously, they, they just got their instructions. Yeah. So I mean, essentially the, you know, the, the Dem leadership or, you know, political leadership, did they issue their instructions and their puppets carry it Out? Yeah. And they're just like puppets in a puppet show. And that's the problem that I see with all this doge stuff. Right. Because everybody should be celebrating that we've found a way to cut out fraud and waste. Yeah. If you pay taxes and you don't like that you have to pay so much in taxes, and then you find out that there's significant fraud and waste that's been exposed, you should be celebrating it.


This shouldn't be, oh no, the wrong people found this fact and now it's a bad thing. Yes. And then there's the fucking propaganda, the mind fuck of calling it usaid. Yeah. It's instead of the United States Agency for International Development, it sounds like it's feeding hungry people. Right. We're people are gonna starve Elon. This is horrible. And then you find out, actually it's like $250 million for transgender animal studies. Like Yes. Literally mutilating animals. Yes, Yes. Mutilating animals in demented studies Yes. That are like the, like the worst thing You can possibly imagine from a horror show.


The Beagle one, the Beagle puppy run Horrific. Yeah. Where they, they cover their head in a basket and put fleas on their head so they'd eat them alive. Yeah. And then they studied these beagles and then killed them. Like, what are you gonna learn from that? That's good for anybody? Yeah. This some, some really some psychotic stuff that happens. So, yeah, I mean the, I guess the, the, the, the real threat here is to the bureaucracy. So like, you probably saw like, You know, let's say like Trump as a threat to our democracy, which is ironic since he was elected with the majority of the, you know, popular vote.


They, they started saying I was a threat to democracy. But if you, if you just replace threat to democracy with threat to bureaucracy, it makes total sense. Right? So, I mean, the reality is that our elected officials have very, very little power relative to the bureaucracy until Doge. So Doge is a threat to the bureaucracy. It's the first threat to the bureaucracy. Normally the bureaucracy eats revolutions for breakfast. This is the first time that they're not, that the revolution might actually succeed. That we could restore power to the people instead of power to the bureaucracy.


Now the size of it, yeah. Was when you guys first started investigating it, when you first get in, how much of it was shocking? Like this? Just the size of it all? Well, the, the size of it All the small decisions result in multi-billion dollar outcomes. So, you know, we'd see, you know, it was a case where we saw one person was getting $1.9 billion sent to their NGO, which basically got formed about a year ago and had no prior, really no prior activity. So they just stand up a, you know, an NGO. The these, the whole NGO thing is a, is a nightmare.


And it's, it's a misnomer because if you have a government funded non-governmental organization, you're, you're simply a government funded organization. It, it, it's a, it's an oxymoron, right? It's a loophole. Yes. It, it basically, the government funded NGOs are a way to do things that, that would be illegal if they were the government, but are somehow made legal if it's sent to a so-called nonprofit. But these, but these nonprofits are then used to people cash out these nonprofits, they become very wealthy through nonprofits. They pay themselves enormous sums through these nonprofits. That's, it's so insane that that's been going on for so long.


It's a gigantic scam. Like one of the biggest, maybe the biggest scam ever. And how many NGOs? I think there's a total number of NGOs, probably millions. But in terms of large NGOs, tens of thousands. I mean, it's, it's actually, it's, it's, it's kind of a, a hack to the system where, you know, someone can get an NGO stood up for, for a fairly small amount of money. Like George Sos was really good at this. Like, he really, George a is like a, a system hacker. Like he, he figured out how to hack the system. He's a genius at arbitrage. I mean, these days he's, he's pretty old, but a genius at arbitrage.


So he, he figured out that you could leverage a small amount of money to create a nonprofit, then lobby the, the politicians to send a ton of money to that nonprofit. So you can take what might be, you know, a, a $10 million donation to a nonprofit to create a nonprofit and leverage that into a billion dollar non NGOA nonprofit is a weird word. It's just a non-governmental organization. And, and then you can, the government can continues to fund that every year. And it'll have a nice sounding name like the Institute for Peace or something like that. But really all it's a graft machine. And what are requirements with that money?


What do they have to do? Just really no requirements at all. So they just get grants and the government just assumes that they're doing good work. I think a lot of people in the government know that they're not doing good work, but they, it's a giant graft machine. I mean, people online are like unpacking this. Right. You know,


This episode is brought to you by my friends at Black Rifle Coffee. That's all I drink, folks. If you see me drinking coffee in the studio, it's Black Rifle Coffee is 'cause my friend Evan Fer, who owns the company, I love 'em to death, and they make the best coffee in the world. They put together the best energy drink in America made with 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine, low calories, and absolutely zero sugar. It's available in four new delicious flavors. Project Mango, ranger Berry Freedom Punch and White Frost veteran founded and veteran led. Each black rifle coffee purchase you make helps them give back to those who serve our nation shop now@blackriflecoffee.com slash Joe Rogan with the code Rogan for 30% off. Or visit your local grocery and convenience stores, black Rifle Coffee, America's coffee.


It almost seems fake, like when you're seeing how we, we were, we were covering this article that said 55,000 Democrat NGOs were discovered that had been contributing to campaigns and moving things around. Yeah. And doing, pushing propaganda. And they were all connected and they found it through ai. But you have to go through steps and steps and steps to figure out where the money's coming from. Oh, it's all funneling down to this group. Yes. And This group Exactly. Does that, and Yeah, it's a, a giant propaganda machine. A giant regime change machine. Yes. Yeah. Yes. I mean, but Doesn't, does it do some good as well? You know, it does some good. So it's like there's, it's not like 0% good. If it was, it's, if it was like, if it was really 0% good, it'd be much easier to detect.


So they'll, or there's gonna be some percent good that they, they add in there, but it's like, it might be 5% or 10% good, but 90, 95% not. So is there a way to audit all this stuff and find out, oh, these people are actually just sending food to poor people. These people are actually just helping people with water in third world countries. Is there's a way to do that and keep funding those? Yeah. I mean, we, we have continued to fund things that appear to be legitimate, even with the, the flimsiest. If, if there's even the flimsiest excuse, like I just say, like, send me a picture of the thing. Like you could literally have AI generate the picture, but if you're not even willing to try to trick me, then we're like, not gonna send the money.


Okay. So what restrictions were put on was there was some something set aside like medicine and there, there's what was, what was set aside that there was Freeze on. There was like work for like Ebola prevention. I, I actually, I don't even if this know, if this work is even effective. It, it may or may not be. Like, it could be the kind of thing where you, you sort of fund Ebola prevention, but it turns out that actually you're funding a lab that develops new Ebola virus, You know, red recipes or something, you know? Yeah. And they, they claim it's Ebola prevention, but it's actually Ebola creation. So some of these things I, I don't know. I mean just, but it just seems like we, you know, we shouldn't be sending taxpayer money to dubious enterprises overseas.


Right? Yeah. Yeah. And why are we doing it? Like, what exactly is the reason? Is it because we wanna make friends with these people so the Chinese don't take over, the Russians don't take over. Okay. How much of that is like a good thing? How much of that is smart to do and how much is a grift and without any sort of oversight Yeah. Which has really been going on for so long. They just had free run. Yeah. Well, it, it also, we just have a real issue with the, the, the budget deficit. It's gigantic. Yeah. So like, if, you know, all things being equal, if, if we didn't have a gigantic budget deficit where interest payments, the interest on the national debt exceeds the Defense Department budget, which is truly astounding, which means, so we're paying over a trillion dollars of interest on the national debt, then okay.


We, we would have more room for wasting money, basically. But when, when we're spending so much money that the company that the country's going bankrupt, then we really need to stop, stop spending money if, unless we're sure it is good value. So essentially we're like a poorly managed business with an unlimited credit line. Yes. That is off the rails. Absolutely. And if you were a person like you are who comes in and takes over businesses and straightens them out, that's exactly what you're doing. I mean, most of the time I create businesses from scratch. Like Right. Twitter was a case where, you know, I kind of bought a company that was, I kind of knew it was a hairball. Well, you came in at Tesla in the beginning, but they were already doing something right?


No, Tesla Did, Tesla did not exist in any meaningful form that it was, there were no employees. JV Strau joined three other people. There was no car, there was no nothing. It wasn't, again, so it wasn't even a prototype yet? No. Oh, okay. I thought there was a prototype already. No, There wasn't even any employees. Oh. Wasn't it a fun, that's a funny narrative that people like to say that you didn't even create Tesla then. Yeah. That's wrong. So if you're handling the government like a business, you're gonna have to go through all of these departments and do the exact same thing that you're doing with usaid.


So how do, how do you, how does that scale up? Like how many people do you need to do something like that? Well, we started off with about 40 people, I dunno, maybe a hundred people. And, and really just going through doing very basic things here. It's as bad as Twitter was, the federal government is much worse. So, you know, in the case of Twitter, it wasn't a, a profitable company. It was like basically a break even company, but at least it was breakeven and it had to pass an audit. The, the federal government is not breakeven.


It's literally losing $2 trillion a year. And it does not pass its audits. It fails its own audits. So like, you know, there's a case where like, I think Senator Collins was telling me about how she, she gave the Navy $12 billion for more submarines, got no extra submarines, and then held a hearing to say, where'd the $12 billion go? And they were like, we don't know. That was it. I mean, the basically stuff is so crazy. It's like only the federal government could get away with this level of waste. Of, of waste. It's mostly waste. It's mostly not fraud. It's mostly waste. It's, it's mostly just ridiculous things happening Because they've been able to do it this way for so long.


They've become accustomed to it. Yeah. I mean, it's like Milton Friedman said, like, money is most poorly spent when, when you're spending someone else's money on people you don't know how much are you gonna care. Right. And that's the, that's the federal government. So they, they're spending someone else's money on people they don't know. Now imagine any other business that was this badly run, it would be dead. That complains when you want to check the books and audit it and go through All the decisions that have been made and go through All the ledgers and like, yeah. What did you do? Well, the people receiving the money want to keep receiving the money.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Clearly. Yes. So, but You know, I mean the reason I'm, the reason I'm putting so much effort into this is that I think it is a very dire situation. It's not a, you know, it's not optional, basically. So Yeah, yeah. America's going bankrupt. So we would that that, that just can't happen. It's just bizarre to me to that some people aren't willing to look at it correctly. They're, they're not willing to see like how much chaos this is, how much waste and fraud there is, how much, how much could be trimmed and how much, just because people have jobs doing bullshit doesn't mean your tax dollars should pay for this bullshit.


Yes. We found just with a, a basic search of the social security database, that there were 20 million dead people mocked as alive. But were they getting money? Some of 'em are getting money. What percentage of them? I, it, it isn't clear. We're actually trying to run the around, I was trying to get an answer right before the show. What it looks like is that most of the fraud is not coming from social security payments directly, but because they're marked as a live in the social security database that they can get, then get disability unemployment, sort of fake medical payments and other things because they're marked as alive in the social security database.


So it looks like it's a bank. The the, the fraud is a bank shot, essentially. The, they bank shot into social security. They just do an are you a live check and then get fraudulent payments from every other part of the government. Oh, Yeah. And, and this exploits the, the, the fundamental weakness in the government is that the various government databases, they don't talk to each other. They, they or they, they talk to each other very poorly in a very limited way. So the way to ex the way the, the system gets exploited is, is by taking advantage of the, the, the poor communication between the various databases in the government.


To give you an example of like what's happening in, say, treasury, which is improving rapidly. The, the main payments computer, it's called pam, like payments account, payment accounts master database or something like that. But everyone calls it Pam, that's responsible for almost $5 trillion of payments a year, roughly a billion dollars an hour. And when we came there, we we're looking at this Pam, and it's like the, the payments ha have no, you could put a payment through with, with no payment categorization code and, and no description on the payment. Like basically untraceable blank checks. This is the kind of thing that if, if it was done as a public company, the company would be immediately delisted and the executive team would be thrown in prison.


But this is just normal at the government. So we said, okay, our recommendation to the treasury and the Federal Reserve is like, we need to make the, the payment categorization codes mandatory, not optional. And you need, there needs to be an ex an an explanation. We're not judging the quality of the explanation, but there should be some explanation for what this payment is for above nothing. That's a radical change to the system that is being implemented. Now, I, my guess is that probably saves a hundred billion a year. Jesus Christ. That's where, where is that money going? Rough, rough order magnitude.


Where was that money going? Well, so this is where you get into the, the sort of gray boundary between waste and fraud. If money is sent to a person or organization from the government and you didn't really deserve it, but the still sent it to you, is that waste or fraud? Right? So I mean, there's a lot of payments that where someone just approve, approved the payment, but then that payment officer changed jobs or retired or died. And the payments just keep going.


You know, it's like if you forget to pay your gym membership or something like that right? Now, imagine it's not the gym membership. You said your gym membership's $20 billion a year or something, you know, but they forgot to turn it off. There's like, that's happening at scale in the government. Jesus. It's totally nuts is what I'm saying. That's so insane. Yes. It's totally insane. So, so What did you expect when you went in? Did you expect it would be Like this bad? I thought it's, I thought it would be, it would be bad, but I did not think it would be as bad as this. I mean, look, the, the good news is that it's a target rich environment for saving money.


It's not like, it's not like if it was a very well run ship, if it was very efficient, it would be hard to improve, but it's not efficient. So therefore it is actually relatively easy to improve. Let's just say it's not rocket science. You know, I know rocket science. So it's, it's a lot of mundane things. So, and, and some of the, some of the things are like so crazy that we didn't even know to ask about that because we just assumed, like, you know, payments outta the treasury computer would have a payment categorization code and they would have some explanatory note saying what the fame is for the idea that that it, it would be just untraceable blank checks didn't occur to us at first.


Jesus. So anyway, just


This episode is brought to you by NetSuite. What does the future hold for business? Ask nine experts and you'll get 10 answers. Bull market, bear market until someone invents a crystal ball. Over 41,000 businesses are future proofing their operations with NetSuite by Oracle, the number one Cloud E RP. It brings accounting, financial management, inventory, and HR into one fluid platform with one unified business management suite. NetSuite gives you a single source of truth, giving you the visibility and control you need to make quick, confident decisions plus real time insights and forecasting. Let you peer into the future with actionable data. When you can close the books in days, not weeks, you spend less time looking back and more time at what's next. Whether your company is earning millions or even hundreds of millions, NetSuite helps you respond to immediate challenges and your biggest opportunities. Speaking of opportunity, download the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning for free at NetSuite dot com slash rogan.


So is that one of, one of the things that accounts to this, there's this four point tri something trillion dollars that's kind of, they don't know where it went. They don't know Cu that that's a cu I think that's probably a cumulative number. Yes. So yeah. But yeah, if, if you, if you add up, it's, do You remember that story, Jamie? Yeah. What was the story? Almost what she said. There's like, they just didn't have an accounting for It. I think. Yeah. It was spent on legitimate things, don't worry. But we don't, we don't know what we spent it on. Well, I mean, how do you know? Obviously it's one counter says it was spent legitimately if they don't know what it was spent on, that doesn't make any sense. This Is, this is such a fascinating time because with this setup the way it is right now with Trump back in, after all that happened to him and with you there and with RFK Junior and Tulsi and Cash Patel, it's like, this is a wild time Yeah.


To find out what's really going on. That's like never happened before. This is nothing like the first term. No. Like the first term. He had a bunch of neocons in the cabinet and there's a bunch of shady people that he didn't know and he had to appoint all these different people and maybe he got some bad picks. Now he's had four years to stew on it. Right. And with you guys all going through this, we're getting an understanding of the government that we've literally never had before. Yeah. This is a revolutionary cabinet and maybe the most revolutionary cabinet since the, the first revolution. This is, this is not a bunch of business as usual types.


So this is why like, you know, some of the, the standard confirmations are quite challenging is because when you, when you put to try to appoint people who are going to change the system Yeah. The system doesn't wanna let 'em through. But it's fascinating because it's like the vampires all out themselves. Like now everybody knows who the system is. Like if you're just lying openly about USAID and then they come and hear you talk on a podcast and explain what's really going on. Like, he's starving mothers, there's mothers that can't get food. Totally False. That's all you're hearing. Yeah. That's, that's, no one's talking in any of these mainstream liberal talk shows. No one is talking about all this fraud and waste Yeah.


Because we're cutting off their graph machine so that that's what they're upset about. Yeah. That's the, that's the real thing they're upset about. And if, if, if people wanna know what Doge is cutting, and, and I wanna be clear, like these are cuts that Doge recommends to the department and usually these recommendations are followed, but these are recommendations that are then confirmed by the department. The you, you can see line by line what Doge has done@doge.gov. So what whatever we do, we put on do.gov so You can see everything that is being done. And there's a tracker that shows Yeah. Is it how much money has been saved? Yeah. Yeah. And you can look at each line item And you know, the, like a bunch of these sort of sort of fall left shows, we'll will say like, oh, it's a constitutional crisis, blah, blah, blah.


But what they won't do is point out which payments are wrong. Right. So my challenge to them is point out which payments are wrong. Yeah. Go through it. Which, which of which of these sort of way slash fraud things are wrong. Which line? Explain that line to the public. They won't be able to. Right. Yeah. That's why you're not hearing any specifics. You're hearing that's anecdotal stories about mothers Starving. But we can name the specifics Yeah. Line by line. And we've got the receipts. And here's the other thing. If you're Only, you post The receipts and if you're only talking about the propaganda talking points and you're not talking about the very clear fraud and waste Yeah. It's very obvious what you're doing. Yeah. You're just gaslighting. Yeah, yeah. Totally. Yeah. So e exactly, because we're we're saying like, look, in fact I I've said we're going to make mistakes.


We're not gonna be perfect. So if we make a mistake, we'll quickly fix it. So we'll, we'll, we'll, you know, we need to act fast, so stop wasting billions of dollars of taxpayer money. But if, if we make a mistake, we'll reverse it quickly. Right. You know, so It is also this interesting narrative that you shouldn't have access to this social security information as if no one's had access to it before, as if the Biden administration in 2023 Yeah. Had, there was like 53 people, some of them were students that had access to all this stuff. Yeah. As it is, there are tens of thousands of pe of federal employees that have access to already to the system.


Anyone from Doge has to go through the same vetting process that those those federal employees went through. So there's, it's not like some unvetted random situation. If for example, there's a security clearance needed, the Doge person has to have that same security clearance. So there's no reduction in security. But I mean, if obviously the, the, the vast numbers of social security numbers have leaked onto the internet. People have hacked the, the government systems multiple times, vast amounts of public information has been hacked and, and jumped out to the internet. So, and there's a guy at the IRS that leaked a half a million tax returns just a few years ago On purpose.


Yeah. For what reason? Full politic. He, he, he, he wanted to, I, I think he was trying to get a Trump and maybe me and a few others. So, but he, he, he stole like 500,000 tax returns. Like not a few. Like it's a lot of tax returns. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Oh, I remember that story. Now I remember it. You can, yeah. You can just read about it online. It's not, it's a real thing. So these are the narratives. That's the narrative that you shouldn't have access to Social security. The, the other narrative is that starving people are gonna die and women aren't gonna be pregnant and not have nutrients for their babies.


And that's, that's all you're hearing and Yeah. Well that's the, that's the, that's the only thing they, they can say, but they can't point to the line item. Right. And so they can't say like, well, this is the thing where, you know, the nutrients for pregnant mothers were stopped. Right. This is, they can't point to that. 'cause we didn't Right. Is a lie. What's fascinating to me is how much the mainstream media is in line with the very specific talking points and how little you, you'll have Fox News. You essentially have Fox News on television. Right. It's like the only one that is pointing out the ridiculous fraud and waste.


Yeah. And you know, I know you saw the Jeff Bezos thing in the Washington Post. They're gonna stop All the wacky editorials and, and limit that stuff to, I think it was wealth and personal freedom or So something along those lines. Yeah. Yeah. So the, I mean, I think it's this kind of, I think it makes sense because he is just talking about the things, not, not the, the sort of just talking about the opinions, opinion Pieces. Yeah. The Opinion pieces. Yeah. Yeah. So the regular journalism stays the same. So, well, it's a detriment to their business. I mean, you're seeing over and over again people that just, they don't want to hear all this shit from these people anymore. Yeah. It's like you're, you're, you're saying it's almost like you're caught in an outdated version of the virus and everybody else already has the immunity to that virus.


Yeah. Like this is, you know, like you need, you need a new mind virus, the one that you're pushing. It's like, it doesn't work anymore. It's too crazy. Yeah. It's, the whole thing's very crazy. I mean, the media is incredibly partisan. I mean, they're not, I mean, they take almost All the media is, you know, left shifted. Yeah. So it, it's like, it's kind of weird if you talk to somebody who gets all their information from like, what I call legacy media, they're living in a different world Yeah. Than if they say are listening to, you know, your podcast or, or getting news news from, from X or, You know, just if it's, it's like, it's, it's kind of wild.


Like It is very wild. Like you talked, it's, it's like they're living in an alternate reality. Oh. There's a lot of people that I talk to that I have to go Where did you hear that? Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, like the, the Associated press, which I call associated propaganda, the ap you know, they, they ran a, a international news story saying that we, that Doge fired air traffic controllers, but we didn't fire any air traffic controllers at all. In fact, we're trying to hire air traffic controllers, not fire them. Yeah, I saw that you, you made a tweet about it, right? Yeah. Why do you call it now? Do you call it a post Post? Yeah, whatever. You Can't call it a tweet though. Do you call it a tweet accidentally ever Post? I don't dunno how to listen to, but, but like if you, if if one, like, let's say if somebody posts, if somebody puts up like an, you know, two hour long video, that's not a tweet.


Right. It's a Post, it's a Po. Yeah, good point. Yeah, yeah. For Sure. Yeah. So, but I don't know, hot over if people still wanna call it a tweet, whatever, but, But you put a post about it just to get back to it saying that if you, we need highly qualified air traffic controllers if you've retired Yeah. If you would consider doing it again, we could use you. Yes. So a lot of really qualified air traffic controllers were, were pushed out because of DEI stuff. So, I mean, not to, to be blunt. I mean, a bunch of old white, a bunch of really good, talented old white guys were pushed out. It's not cool. And so we have, there's a talent shortage in air traffic control 'cause of DEI and, and, and not being, not hiring people on merit, you know, which Is so crazy that that worked.


I think we, we should not put the public safety at risk. No. You know, because of some demented philosophy. Somebody made a post today about it in infiltrating the NSA. Did you see any of that? That Was, I was in How crazy. Some gnarly stuff. Yeah. Crazy. What they, they they had, it started off as just like this sort of fringe thing and people would beat up then it completely infiltrated the organization. Yeah. And they were spending all their time. It was like 400 people or something. Yeah. And some, like some chat, sex, chat room with like some extremely de demanded stuff. Yeah. Yeah. I'll, I, I know I did. I'll send it to you, Jamie. 'cause it's so kooky.


You, you, you what this is the NSAI thought the NSA was just all about like, information and Hardcore business we're supposed to like spy on, you know, like if like so a national threat or something, you Know? Yeah. I think this is exactly it. So she more than a hundred intelligent staffers will be fired over sexually explicit texts in NSA chat rooms. Gabb says, so, so top intelligence official told waters that the workers in question were brazen and using an NSA platform intended for professional use to conduct this kind of really, really horrific behavior. What is the behavior? What exactly, what is it do they say in this article?


Yeah, I think they Were also, okay, it says employees who participated in the NSA's, obscene, pornographic and sexually explicit chat rooms, Your tax dollars at work. Well, it was all like de I mean, it was all like L-B-G-T-Q stuff. It was, there was a lot of like transition stuff and Yeah. I, I know I definitely saved it, but point is it infiltrated the organization. It's, that's not what they should be talking about at all. At All. At all. Yeah. It's supposed to be protecting the country, right? Yeah. And if you and people are talking about how they're spending half their time in these meetings and that they're just like constantly having to attend these things where they talk about these issues.


Like what are, what are you doing? Like if you have a problem with someone that's discriminatory, get rid of that person. That's it. Yes. It's you problem's over, you've got someone who's homophobic in your business, they're openly homophobic, Hey, that you can't work here. Sure. That's not cool. That's it. That's it. You don't have to have fucking meetings constantly promoting this. I you're not gonna change someone's opinion by berating them over and over again. Yeah. I mean, a work environment should be a professional environment where, you know, they're, they're, they're getting the job done that they're, you know, you know, being paid to do there. It should be, you know, Of course it's obviously not supposed to be sort of getting paid for bizarre sex sexcapades.


It's Just so fascinating that the virus was so strong that it made it into the NSA. Yes. And was, you would think those are some hardcore And the CA too. Those, I mean the C was in there too, so Yeah, they were in there too. Which is bananas. You would think. Same thing like hardnosed, like tough people doing hard work. Who, Who conspiring you whenever they want. Yeah. Yeah. And get revenge on you whenever they want. Yeah. Pretty wild. Yeah. And you know, they exist when the president leaves, they stay. People move around. You stay a part of the organization for your entire career.


You get deeply entrenched in their system and how things work and who's back to rub and who's, who's a bad guy, who's a good guy, who's on our side, who's not. Yeah. It's scary actually. Yeah. So Was that what's taken so long with this Epstein files? Yeah. What's up with that? What is up with that? It was like, yeah, It's, It's like Lucy and the football with Charlie Brown, where she always pulls that football away. It's the Same thing. It's like they keep telling us they're gonna release it. Yeah. Day one. Oh, day One. There have a serious case of no one's being arrested or phobia, you know, well there's also Right. Like what the fuck is going on?


What the fuck is going on? Also, there's this real fear that someone's destroying the evidence and you keep hearing these stories. Unsubstantiated stories Yeah. Of, you know, FBI people, But where is the evidence? I mean the guy, what's going on? Like tons of videos and recordings. Yeah. I mean he had all sorts of things, right? Like it was a mountain of evidence. Right. So where is that mountain? Yeah. Where, where is that mountain? And what would be the reason why they would agree. Like there would have to be something in it for them to agree to not put it out. Right. Like there has to be some sort of financial entanglement, some sort of relationship with the people that are on that list. Yeah. That they can provide a value that was big enough for you to not release it or to slow release it or to hope you can get away with like, putting out some redacted files that don't show anything.


Yeah. This is only stage one whole bunch of One redacted, redacted, redacted. Only stage one. Don't worry. The real stuff's coming. Like that doesn't make any sense. Like why wouldn't you just release it all? Like what? Yeah. What could possibly be Well Worth protecting in there? I mean, I think I've got probably the same information that, I mean, I'm just reading what's, what's the latest thing on the X you know, I'm just looking at my feed's isn and I'm like, you know, it's a real page turner. And like I thought we were gonna get some rev revelations today. I was like, big binders full of stuff. Yeah. There's gotta be something in there. Well there Was all those people that were given a copy of it. They were all like waving it around. Yeah. They Got the Willy Wonka ticket. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Yeah. And what happened?


Nothing. Nothing. So I think Laura Loomer released it online. Yeah. I think I'm Watching. Yeah. She's not very pleased about this. So does anybody find anything in there that's interesting? No, it's all old stuff from 2015 and 2021. Okay. What the fuck is going On? But, but then apparently there's, they, they discovered a whole bunch of stuff at the southern District District of New York. Right. So that's, and and, and, and I'm like, and I mean I, I think, You know, Pam beyond Bondy is actually great and Cash Patel are great, but they're like, they just got there, you know? Right. So then they're, they're in a, they're, they just got there. But they're, they're in a hostile environment. They're not in a friendly environment. Right.


So, you know, it's like if you suddenly got put in captain of a ship, but the crew was previously your enemy. Right. The entire crew Right. Was previously your enemy. Right. You know, and you're telling them gimme evidence And the crew doesn't want to gimme the Evidence shows you guys are all criminal enemy. They were like your mortal enemies just a moment ago, moment ago. You just got there. Yeah. So, yeah, I think we gotta give, you know, the Attorney general And you know, new, new direct to the fbi. I so a little bit of Slack here. 'cause they literally just got there. I think so too. But hey, don't say you're gonna release it on day one then. Yeah. You shouldn't have said that. Sure. And don't say you got a big drop coming tomorrow and that's some bullshit that's been around forever.


It's disappointing. Yeah. What the and where's the JFK files? Where are those Yeah. Let 'em go. Did They release anything on that front or, I don't know what's Going on This. It can't be anything that's gotten to me yet. So if nothing's gotten to me yet, it can't be significant. I mean, if if there's conspiracy evidence, someone's gonna send it to you. Yes. Tim Dylan's gonna text me 100%. Yeah. Tim di Dave Smith. Someone's gonna send it my Way if someone's gonna send you the stuff. Yeah. So it hasn't, it hasn't been released yet. There's no way. Yeah. You would find out. And here's the real question, like what could even be in there at this point that they haven't cleared out? If you've got paperwork from 1963, like what is in there still, what is in there that could possibly be incriminating?


That supposedly Trump said Yeah. That if you saw what they showed me, you wouldn't release it either. Okay. What the fuck Does that mean? I, I haven't seen it. So Cash Patel has He has he said he's seen it all. Yeah. Can he just post it to his like ex account or something? I mean I just, we to That sounds like an Elon move. I don't think I He can, Well dunno. Yeah. I mean He's the director of the F fbi. I I think he has to go through proper channels. And does he He's the, the channel. I Yeah, but there's rules. He Sounds like Trump. He sounds like Trump. He needs an executive order, whatever. What about the storm? I am the storm. I mean, what channels? He is the channel.


Well, Again, imagine just getting to the, the hull or just getting to the deck of the ship and you're the captain. Yeah. And now you, you have to figure out who's running things, who's doing this, where is everything. Yeah. Yeah. Just getting, getting anything done. Like just like I said, you're, you're just joined as captain of a ship of where the crew hate your guts. Yeah. They were your enemy. Yeah. They were your enemy. Yeah. They're strongly opposed to anything you wanna do. Yeah. And you're trying to give them orders And you're trying to expose them. Yeah. They don't wanna be exposed. Right. You're, you're literally people that are working there. Yeah. Probably a part of this problem.


I mean I was, I was, I was reading on OnX that like Comey's daughter is like the lead prosecutor in the Southern district of New York. Do you read that? Yes. And, and like, so obviously there's a bit of an entanglement there a little bit. Like what if there's something that Right. You know, makes, puts her dad in a bad light. She Exactly. He's a fucking shredder. Hit that delete button. The shredder. He's overtime, you know, did you see General Flynn? He was on a podcast and he, he spoke directly to James Comey. Yeah. And he said, Jim, you're going to jail and unless you give up someone deeper than you And you know who that is, you know who I'm talking about. Like, that is wild.


Yeah. To think that the former director of the FBI might be really in that kind of deep shit. And then he really actually was doing some evil corrupt shit while he was running the F fbi. I, I mean it's, it's, it seems like there's some very shady stuff that's been going on. It seems Like it definitely happened in the sixties. Right. Everybody kind of admits to that. They admit the FBI Yeah. Killed Black Panthers. They they did, they did a lot of shit. There's a lot of stuff that went on that we know the government did way back in the day. Yeah. Why don't we just date it, dump the files, just like go, go in there, take photos of, of All the papers, presumably paper and just post it online and let live the jokes.


Fall where they may isn't Presumably at every, everyone, I mean involved. I Mean, it's been like some like filing cabinet somewhere. I don't know. Right. Where is It? Where, where's the magic filing cabinet? How are they hiding it? Who's got access to it? Like this? This is what I was hoping day one. I was hoping, but obviously it's taken a lot longer than that. So I I think part of it is like, you know, like, let's let's say, let's say you were made direct to the FBI. Okay. I might be able to that'ss Crazy. I mean like literally you go There, you know, Danino, what's he doing now? He's he's one of the big dogs. The b but he was Dan Dan's a is a tough guy. Guy. Secret service guy. Yeah. Legit guy. But people think of him as a Fox News guy, just like Pete Ze, same thing. They don't wanna think about his distinguished military crew.


Right. They wanna say, oh, that Fox News guy, deputy director. Deputy director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Yeah. I mean, Dan's hardcore. I mean if he, if it's, if it's reasonably findable, I think he's gonna find it. Yeah. This is between him and cash. I mean like, I think they're gonna get stuff out There. How crazy would it be if they couldn't though? How crazy would it be if they can't find anything? If it's that? Yeah. If, if everybody shuts their mouth and everybody covers their ass Like an FBI computer where you type in the search that's What I Just like with the basic mechanism here. Like it's either in a filing cabinet in pa on a paper where it's like, You know, maybe there's like progressive levels of security. You know, you go like, open this door, oh, you gotta have, do you have the pass for this level? You know, like a level unlocked and there's a level unlocked.


And it's like, you know, you Get in there and there's a little Man black and it's finally like, open Your laptop. Yeah. Yeah. There's an, I mean, I laptop. You gotta only plug it in. It's in a skiff. Yeah. This is why I like, I think, I think like a tour of Fort Knox would be awesome. Like a live tour of Fort Knox. Well, you can actually see it is like, is the gold there or not? They say it is. Imagine if it's not like, is it real or did somebody spray paint some lead? You know, Imagine if it's not, Imagine if it's not all there. Like some of it's missing where it go. What if a lot Of it's missing? What if like half of it's missing? I mean, who, how do we even know? I don't know. They said the last time they let someone look at it was decades ago. Yeah. Well the last, I believe the last formal audit was in the fifties.


So I'm like, okay. Oh my. Just think about All the other things. Really. Check again, Maybe. Yeah. Think about All the other stuff that you pointed out. All the, the, the checks that just go out. The, the NGO payments, the social security people think about all, just all that. Yeah. Now apply that to the gold. Absolutely. I just wanna like, emphasize the sheer madness of the, the government. It's, it's just be because they have like ma magic money computers that, that they, the checks, All the checks never bounce through the federal government. Like, so you don't have the, the normal corrective mechanism that you'd have for a company or for an, an individual. The checks just always, they're always, always clear. The net result is inflation, which is effectively tax on everyone.


But you know, like the defense department hasn't passed an audit in I don't know how many years. Seven years. Yeah. I mean, exactly. So it's like you'd have to be frigging Chuck Norris to, for like, like only Chuck Norris could get the Defense Department to pass an audit, you know, type of thing. That's the level of skill you need, You know? Well, That's what someone's saying. If you bring it back to the idea that it's a business. Well, Yeah. This would never be tolerated in any kind of functional business. Exactly. So, You know, you know, a Pentagon will, will like, like their accounting error, like the stuff that that they lose in the couch cushions is like 20, $30 billion a year. They just dunno where it went.


It's gone, where it go and it's gone. So it's Just, it's so insane. It's insane. It's so insane. So That's why I said like even simple things like just requiring that the, that outgoing payments for the treasury computer have a payment code and a comment of what the payment is about, and someone to call about the payment, I think will have an very powerful effect in stopping wasteful outflows and stopping fraud. Yeah. And, and here's another way to, to look at this. Imagine if some, there are people like you and the Doge team out there in the world. Imagine if one of those works for an organization like USAID or any other organization and has this understanding of how much fuck he is involved.


But they have evil intentions and they're entwined in this system for decades and decades and they've built a career and All the entanglements that come with it Yeah. And they start moving shit around. You could probably do it easy. It sounds like the way you've laid it out, if you were a career person Yeah. Who's in there forever, who knew how everything works. Yep. And you were very clever. You could make some shit happen and you could probably do it in conjunction with some people that, you know, that are forming an NGO. Hey, let's all work together. Yeah. Yeah. And this is the resistance that you're facing. Yeah. The, the, I think it's the biggest scam of all time.


This is not something you ever sought out to do. Like the biggest scam of all ever time ever. Of human history. Of Human history. Yes. Wow. I think you're right. Yeah. I think how, what else could we Better? Like it's probably a trillion dollar scam. There's never been a trillion dollar scam. You know? Now this is not something that you ever set out to do. This is not, and you didn't have this as a career aspiration. This is not no. Like, this is the most absurd outcome I can possibly imagine. Actually. Also, like Doge started as like a, a sort of a, a meme coin. Right. You know, it was like a, a joke Yeah. Cryptocurrency involving memes and dogs and which is So funny that the letters wind up being perfect.


Yeah. Well actually I was originally gonna call it like the Government Efficiency Commission, which is a very boring name. And then people online were like, no, it needs to be the Department of Government efficiency. Ah. And I was like, you know what? You're right. Of course. Of Course, Of course. I mean, it's more evidence of the simulation. Totally. That that little, Like our mascot is a, is a cute dog And it's a meme coin. The meme coin's probably worth a lot of money right now. Right? Like every time you tweet about it, Probably, I don't know, shoots up. Yeah. The, the meme, the whole meme coin thing is bananas. Yeah. It is so bananas that people dump real money into these coins and then you can just pump 'em up and sell 'em.


It's a, a casino or something, I don't know. Yeah. It's totally Gambling. And did people just do the, whatever, the greater full theory and like musical chairs and whoever's like the last to sit down lose this type Of thing. Yeah. And somehow or another it's still legal. Like that's, that's Things not, I think not too many people. I mean, I mean, it's sort of like you go to the casino, like you, if you expect to win the casino, you're being a fool. Okay. Right. So I think if you expect to win at meme coins, you're being, it's not being foolish. Yeah, yeah. But You're not gonna win at meme coins. It's like, it's, it's, it's, but if, if, if you want, like don't sink your life savings into a meme coin. No. But you can't gamble a little and you can ride waves and win a little and lose a little.


If if You wanna have some fun Yeah. And, and, and don't come then, you know, play, have, play with meme coin. Don't. But if you put Your family don't about the palm. If you put your family's wealth, the Bomb on a Meme coin in the Hawk tour coin, At the risk of saying something bold and outrageous, don't bet the fal on a meme coin, The weird one is the pump. It dumps like the pe people that happen All the time. All the time. Yeah. And people get shocked that somebody pump and dumped like, what is, yeah. What are you doing? Did you, like I was hoping to dump, I was hoping to make All the money out of this. I can't believe they got me. Like Yeah. It's just weird that it's legal still. I mean, casinos illegal. Yeah.


And, and it is like people just lose money at casinos. Yeah. You know, but you can't rig a casino like a pump and dump. You could rig a pump and dump, You know? Yeah, I guess so. Like, you could run a real pyramid scheme. I mean, the government's won big permit scheme if you ask me. Yeah. Well you, you can tell me better than anybody. I mean, I mean So social security is, is the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time, Right? Explain that. Oh, so well, people pay into social security and, and the money goes out of social security immediately. But the obligation for social security is your entire retirement career. So you're, you're paying with your, the ki you're, you're paying like, like if you look at the future obligations of social security, it far exceeds the, the tax revenue far.


Have you, have you ever looked at the, the the debt the debt clock? Yes. Okay. There's, there's, there's our present day debt, but then there's our future obligations. So when you look at the future obligations of social security, the actual national debt is like double what, what people think it is because of the future obligations. Ah. So basically people are living way longer than expected and there are fewer babies being born. So you have more people who are retired and get that, that live for a long time and get re retirement payments. So the future obligation.


So how, however, however bad the financial situation is right now for the federal government, it'll be much worse in the future at the risk of being a buzzkill here. Did you see? So we better fix what we've got right now. 'cause if, if it's bad now, it's gonna be much worse in the future. There was An interview with this woman who was a whistleblower. Yeah. Did we ever find out if that was true? There's so many whistles being blown. It's hard to keep track a lot of Whistles. But this one lady given It was only in one state. It was very specific Instance, I believe. Right. But it was using social security money. Correct. That was her, I don't know. That was her allegation. So what what she was alleging was that she was in charge of turning illegal immigrants into clients.


Yeah. That's what they would call them. And that she would go to them and try to ask them, do you have a headache? Do you have back problems? Yes. If you do now you can be permanently disabled. You get permanent disability. So you get social security for life. Yes. Yeah. Not just social security, but disability, which is even more. Right. And you get them for, on the taxpayer dole right away. The mo and they're illegal aliens. Yes. Oh. So if I were to say like, what's at the heart of this sort of like, why is a Democrat propaganda machine so fired up to destroy me? That's the main reason. The main reason is that it is that entitlements fraud that includes like social security, disability, Medicaid, entitlements fraud for illegal aliens is what is serving as a gigantic magnetic force to pull people in from all around the world and keep them here.


Like basically if, if you, if you pay people at a standard of living that is above 90% of Earth, then you have a very powerful incentive for 90% of earth to come here and to stay here. But if you, if you end the illegal alien fraud, then you that you turn off that magnet and they leave and they, they stop coming. And they, and the ones that are here, many of them will simply leave. And if, if that happens a massive, they will lose a massive number of democratic voters. And if it didn't happen, they would turn those people into voters.


Correct. Which they were trying to do. They're already telling them. So in, in New York state, illegal aliens can already vote in state and city elections. A lot of people don't dunno that there's, there's, I mean they're trying to fight them in, they're trying to stop that. But it's, they're currently, I think it's like 600,000 are registered to vote illegal aliens in New York. That is wild. Yeah. Well, well, I mean, if you look at, say, you know, fema like the, the agency that was paying for illegal aliens to stay at a luxury hotels in New York was FEMA the Fed.


You know, that's meant that that's an agency that's meant to support Americans in distress from natural disasters was paying for luxury hotels for illegals in New York. It's True. Yeah. That's A fact. Fact. They're literally like, when, when we stopped that payment, we stopped all those, those monies. 'cause that's obviously an insane way to spend taxpayer money. The New York sued the government, sued the federal government to get the money. So you can just look at their lawsuit. They, they were give, they were sending that money even after President Trump signed an executive order saying it needs to stop.


They still press, send on $80 million to luxury hotels in New York. Your tax money went to pay for legal aliens in luxury hotels in New York from an agency that is meant to help Americans in distress from natural disasters. Right. And I would like to know how much that's fucked up. And I would like to know how much they spend on North Carolina and how much they spend on Maui. Yes, exactly. What, what's actually happening is they're buying voters. That's really what's happening. It's like, it's like a giant voter fraud scam. They're importing voters and, and it's really just a matter of time.


So like, if a lot of people have trouble believing this, but if you, the more you look at it, the more you will realize just how much of a problem this is and how it's, it's, it's not just real. It is, it is an attempt to destroy democracy in America. That's what, in my view, it, it is what it really is. Like if you take the, the, the sort of seven swing states, like often the margin of victory, there is like maybe 20,000 votes. If you put 200,000 illegals in there and they have like a 80% likelihood of voting de and it's only a matter of time before they become citizens, then those swing states will not be swing states in the future.


And if they're not swing states will be a permanent one party state, country, permanent, deep blue socialist state. That's what America will become. And that was the game plan. That that was, that was the game plan. That is still the game plan. And, And they almost succeeded if, if, if, if the, if the machine of which the Kamala pop was the representation had won, that's what would've happened. The reason I went so hardcore for, for, for, for Trump was because to me, this was a fork in the road very, like a very obvious fork in the road.


If they had another four years, they would legalize enough illegals in the swing states to make the swing states, not swing states. They would just, they would be blue states then, then they would, they would win the presidential. They, they'd win the house, the Senate and the presidency. They would then make district, you know, DC into a state, may maybe Puerto Rico get four extra senators, pack the Supreme Court. So then you'll have the house judiciary, Senate and presidency all blue. And then they will keep importing more illegals to cement that, that outcome basically what happened in California.


Jesus Christ. It would've been the end. That's why I went so hardcore for, for Trump. It was o otherwise been the end. And that's why the, the, the Democrat machine is so intent on destroying me. It's just so fascinating that people can't see this. I mean, I invite people to do their research. The more they do their research, the more they will see it. What I'm saying, saying is absolutely true. Do it's like, just do the Research. Yeah. It's, it's such a bad idea even for the Democrats, which is what they don't understand. Like it's the same people. Yeah. It's, It's not ly gonna work out. No, it's the same people.


Yes. It's just they're doing it under the guise that they're the kind, compassionate, progressive people. Yes. But the same outcome takes place. It's just about control. And they, and they probably institute some central bank digital currency and some social credit score system and, and Censorship Of course. Yeah, Of course. Well they, that was the big fear coming into this election Yep. Was that if they can't censor things like, well I, we talked about it before, but there's, there was two major forks in the road. The big one was Trump didn't get shot. Yep. The other big one was you by Twitter. Yeah. And if those two things don't happen, the whole world looks different. Yes. Yeah. We don't wanna be on that timeline. No.


We don't wanna have only one side represented, because guess what? They will hijack that side, whatever it is, they'll hijack that side and use it for money and control. And that's what it's all about. It's not about good people versus bad people. It's a bullshit shell game. Yeah. I, I mean, I think these things are actually, it's easier to understand if you look at basic incentives, the, the basic incentive here is the more illegals that the Democrats can bring in, the more likely they are to win. So that's what they're gonna do. That's what they have been doing. And it worked in California. California super majority Dem And look at All the companies that are leaving California.


Yeah. I mean, In-N-Out just announced they're leaving. Yep. Their headquarters leaving California. They're moving to Tennessee. Yeah. Yeah. So, and, and, and ca California made healthcare free for illegals. Yeah. As of last year. So, and, and that obviously that's a gigantic magnet for more illegals. Like, and this is not a thing you can solve simply with money, because what happens is the, you simply have more patients than a doctor can possibly see. And you can't just, you know, make doctors outta nothing. Like the it So sometimes people are like, oh, it's just a money thing. No, you, it takes a long time for somebody to become a doctor, you know, the 30 years.


And, and so what actually happens in California is that there are too many patients for the doctors to see. So then the average citizen in California suffers as a result. Now the, the elite in California are fine 'cause they're private doctors, you know, they have, they can, they can just pay, pay for the best doctors. So the elite in California doing fine. But your, your average citizen, citizen in California is not doing fine. And the, the, the tax burden for healthcare for legals was supposed to be 3 billion. I think they now estimated it's 9 billion. But that, but that, that number will scale to infinity. Basically. It's like, why not?


Right? Like, why not? If you, if you need any operation at all, come to California and have it be free Right. From anywhere on earth. And the people that wanna look at it in the most charitable way, they say, oh, well these people are hardworking, good people, and they're the backbone of our city, and they should have access to All the things that we have access to. And I just don't think they understand that it's a political pawn. I don't think they understand. It's a political game. This is not done for compassion and kindness. No. This is just done to ensure that it stays blue. Correct. Yeah. And it's essentially a bribery with your tax dollars. Yes. This is why the, the, the DES will not even deport criminals.


Yeah. Because every criminal deported is a lost vote. So even, even if, if somebody is and illegal with a criminal record and commits crime in America, they are still, were still were not being deported. And then on top of that, California made it actually illegal to ask for ID when people vote. Yes. California and New York. You are not allowed to show your ID when you vote. I just wanna be clear. So everyone understands this. In California, New York, you are not allowed to show your ID even if you want to. Right. Why would that ever be a good idea?


I mean, What, like if you, if you're trying to, if You're trying to do, if you're trying to facilitate fraud in elections, it's a great idea. That's the only reason. Yes. There's no other reason. Yes. Logically why that would be a good idea. It's for fraud. It's, it's like, it's like wake up people Wake up. Hello. Like, let's say you want to commit fraud. What are the things you would do? Yeah, You do. You would say, you don't need ID and you can mail in your ballot And we'll give you free healthcare. Yes. Stay here. Yes. Stay here. I know it's on fire, but stay here. I mean, in this case, it being on fire is not just a metaphor in California. Okay. It's just like, it's just god damn entire neighborhood's burning down.


It's just once they allowed people to vote that are not legal in California, once you, if you're, if you're gonna do that, it's, it's over. It's exactly. There's, there's, there's no coming back from that. The numbers are just No. People are so indoctrinated too. There's so many people that no matter what they think voting Republican means, you're an asshole. Yes. And they won't do it. Yes. They won't do it. They, they'll put their fucking rainbow flag on their porch and they'll just ride it right into the beach. Civilizational suicide. Yeah. Right to the rocks. Yeah. Bang. Crashed the boat. I mean, there's a, there's a guy who post an ex who's, who's great God, God side. Yeah. He's a friend of mine. Oh, he's been on podcast punch times.


Yeah, he is awesome. Yeah. He's great. And he talks about, You know, basically suicidal empathy. Like, it, there's like, there's so much empathy that you actually suicide yourself. Yeah. So that we've got civilizational suicidal empathy going on. And like, I believe in empathy. Like, I think you should care about other people, but you need to have empathy for, for civilization as a whole and not commit civilizational suicide. Also, don't let someone use your empathy against you so they can completely control your state. Yes. And then do an insanely bad job of managing it and never get removed. The, the, the, the fundamental weakness of Western civilization is empathy.


The empathy exploit. They, they're, they're ex they're, it's, it's, they're exploiting a, a, a bug in western civilization, which is the empathy response. So, and I've, I I think, you know, empathy is good, but you need to think it through and not just be programmed like a robot. Right. Understand when empathy has been actually used as a tool. A tool. Yes. Like the, it's weaponized empathy Yeah. Is the issue. Yeah. And weaponized empathy and Yeah. And it's also the rigid adherence to that liberal ideology. Like, you can't switch sides over there. Like California, if you're a part of that whole tech Hollywood entertainment.


Any, any of those circles, you're on the left. Yeah. Like, almost wholly. Almost completely. It's, It's borderline illegal to be a Republican in California. I mean, like in San Francisco or LA it's borderline illegal to be a Republican. You certainly shunned. No, I look, I mean, and like San Francisco, you, you, you could shoot heroin while taking a dump on the mayor's car in front of city hall. Okay. And, and that, and nothing would happen to you, but if you walk down the street with a mega hat, you're going to get attacked. Yeah. It's insane. Yeah. It's insane. What's also so Orwellian that a hat that says Make America great again Yeah.


Would cause people to have a violent reaction. Like, aren't you American wouldn't just, just as a, a whole, like the saying, wouldn't that be a good thing for everyone? Make America great again? Yes. But because it's attached to Donald Trump and that red hat, you'll get maced for wearing that red hat. They will make America worse by beating you. So it's like, it's an evil thing. They're doing a violent assault in America because you wanna make America great again. Yeah. I mean, it's like a scene in a book. It doesn't, it doesn't seem like it could be that ridiculous, insane, like remember when all Lives Matter would get you fired, which Is insane, Insane, insane.


People got fired because they said all lives matter. Which is a very reasonable thing to say. How reasonable is that? Yes. That's essentially saying everybody matters. But that's not, that's Literally all you're saying. That's not what you were supposed to say. You had to say Black Lives matter, which Of course they do. If you say all lives matter, everybody matters. Yes. But the idea of being a colorblind society was completely abandoned somewhere around 2012 ish. Yeah. You know, I mean, I I sort of can trace it to, when when did the, the, the gun emoji get nerfed, you know, when did it turn into a squirt gun? That was A couple of years ago. That was like 2016 I think. Was it? Yeah. Yeah. It became a squirt gun.


That's When you, can you bring it back to X? That's when, yeah, no, no. Right now if, if, if you use a gun emoji on X, the apple will, its just that it'd be a squirt gun. And then the ex app turns it back into a, a 1911. Oh really? Yeah. Oh, that's Great. So You can, you can actually, you know, have, have a 1911 gun. We, we, we reverted the apple change inside the app. Oh, that's hilarious. Yeah. That's hilarious. That, that it's, that thing's so offensive. Yeah. The gun and then the pregnant man. Both of those got me. Like You Motherfuckers. I mean, I like that meme where it's like the people telling you that what you're hearing is this informational or the same people that did the pregnant man emoji.


Yes. Yeah. Think about that. Yeah. Well, also the same people that say a woman attacked a a Tesla factory. Yeah. The woman. It's a dude. It's a dude. Like really obvious dude. Really big like a Ill Dude. Yeah. Mentally ill dude with a wig on say that. Yes. Yeah. But yes. NBC even Fox, I mean, you looking at the picture, I Even like called it a woman. Yo, this has got a, this, this is a dude with a strong jawline. Okay. Yeah. He's wearing woman face. This is a buff woman That's a buff dude. That's A buff dude wearing woman face. Yeah. I mean, come on. That's not, that's not a, that's not a one. Yeah. And, and, and they're like saying one shot for disinformation.


I'm like, what are you talking about? So crazy. This is bullshit. I mean, it's just more evidence of the virus though, right? Like it Yeah. Killed objectivity. Killed reality. And it it demanded strict adherence or you were attacked. Yeah. Yeah. Any questioning of it would result in, in being ostracized. Do you, like, what, what kind of responsibility do you feel like knowing that if you didn't take over Twitter and turn it into X, if that didn't happen? Like the, I really think the world's a very different place right now. Yes. Like how long have you owned it for? Two couple years, basically. I imagine, imagine a couple years of it being run the way it was run before and probably accelerating.


I mean, my account would've been suspended long ago for sure. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Just for the disinformation. Yeah. It would've been, Trump would've never come back. Yeah. Alex Jones would've definitely never been back. Definitely not. No. No. So, yeah. Does that weigh on you? Like, I would feel like that would be a fucking heavy responsibility. Yeah. I mean, I'm just trying to keep civilization going here, You know, for longer. So I think we at least want to build a city on Mars and become a multi-plan civilization, which I think would be incredibly important in ensuring the long-term survival of civilization.


Are you still rescuing those people that are stuck in the Space station? Yeah. That's coming up in a couple weeks, I think. Whoa. They've been up there for how long, Jamie? They were supposed to be there for a couple days, right? Actually, probably four weeks. Oh, they, they're supposed to be there. They were supposed to be up there for like eight days. Yeah. And they've been up there for like, I think eight months. So a little longer than expected. Fuck Yeah. What is it gonna be like for those people when they get back? They're gonna be a wreck for a long time, right? Yeah. If long you stay up there, you get, you know, sort of in zero G you get increased bone loss. So it ended up being like this political football and sort of, sort of hotly contested topic.


We offered to bring them back early. This offer was rejected by the Biden administration. Why Poli for political reasons. That's So crazy. I mean, there's no way that they're gonna make anyone who's supporting Trump look, look good. Wow. What do you think they would've done if they had won? Well, how would They get those people back? No, they can only, they can only get them back with, with a SpaceX spacecraft. But they, they pushed the return date past the inauguration date. Wow. Yeah. So they would've let you do it, but after the Yeah. Wow. And so it would've been them authorizing you to do The reason anyone else to, to, to do it.


NASA can't get them The only, the only the SpaceX Dragon spacecraft is the only one that is considered safe enough to bring them back. So the NASA concluded that the Boeing spacecraft was not safe. So that's why they're stuck there. Holy shit. Yeah. And you can't ask Russia to help. That would be awkward. A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be a nice thing if they did. They said, guys, we'll help. You Know, I think they, for enough money, they would. You think so? Yeah. But they would, they would obviously treat it as a propaganda victory and Yeah. Charge crazy money. It's just disgusting that they would use that as a political tool.


Yeah. Yeah. So, well, there, there were also, the Biden administration was also suing SpaceX. They had this massive lawsuit against SpaceX for SpaceX not hiring asylum seekers. Right. So, so people like say like, oh, Elon's making it up. This Biden administration wasn't against SpaceX. I'm like, bro, the Department of Justice had a massive lawsuit against SpaceX for not hiring asylum seekers. Even though it is illegal for us to hire, hire anyone who is not a permanent resident. So it is both, there's law that says you have to hire asylum seekers, but there's also a law that says anyone hired by a rocket company, which is an advanced weapons technology, must be a permanent resident.


And if an asylum seeker is not a permanent resident, so it is both legal and illegal to hire asylum seekers. So why would the Biden administration launch a massive lawsuit? Again, this is public information. It's not like my imagination. Why would they launch, do such a massive lawsuit against SpaceX? They're extremely antagonistic. It just doesn't make any sense that that could ever even get past the first day of someone looking at it. If it's both illegal and you're trying to enforce it, like you can't enforce it. Yes. This is an advanced weapons company.


This is crazy. Right? Yes. It should be like this. Throw this out. Yes. There's in fact, there's like international traffic and arms regulations is a, like a law that is there to ensure that if, if o only permanent residents of the United States can work at advanced weapons companies, rockets are advanced weapons. So the same is true of like, if it's like nuclear or you know, some like, you know, bio weapon thing or something like that. So, because they o obviously if, if someone were to work its basics and then go leave and go to North Korea or run, they could build missile technology that could, you know, destroy the United States.


So that's why you're not allowed to hire people who want permanent residents. It's logical. Basically. Logical. Logical. So is that lawsuit still pending? I wish we, it was just dismissed. How long was it going on for? A Couple years. Holy shit. Yeah. That's the other thing that drives me crazy like that people don't understand that if you sanction lawfare like that. Yeah. If you sanction attacking your political enemies, someone's gonna do that to you. Like if the wrong people get in office. Yeah. If new people get in off four years from now, eight years from now, who knows who it's gonna be. You've already set a precedent. You've already attacked someone, charged 'em with 34 felonies where they're really just misdemeanors and they're also passed the statute of limitation.


And now you're talking All the news that this is a convicted felon. Convicted felon. They kept saying convicted felon, convicted felon. And everybody knows what it is. Yes. It's terrifying. Yeah. It's terrifying. They could do it. So brazenly to a guy who was the president for four years. Right. That lawsuit was funded by Reed Hoffman, who is a major damn donor. Ah. And also an Epstein C client. Ah, Plot the plot thickens The plot thickens Jesus Christ. Yes. It's just, it's so blatant.


Yes. It's like so obvious. The SpaceX lawsuit, the Trump stuff. It's just, it's so obvious. Yes. Like known Epstein clients who are obviously extremely powerful, powerful politically and, and very wealthy are, You know, bill Gates, bill Clinton, and Reid Hoffman and some others too. But those three, so, you know, why was Reid Hoffman so intent on destroying Trump? Do you think it's 'cause they're worried about the list coming out? Yeah. One of the reasons.


Yeah. So, I mean, I'm like, this is, you know, yeah. So It's so frustrating to be sitting in this situation where the, the list isn't coming out. Well, it better come out to, I mean, hopefully tomorrow might. Well, I mean, why'd they release bullshit today? I don't Know. What's the point in giving these people like a, a, a happy folder to wave around in front of the camera with nothing in it that's new. Doesn't make any sense. It's not encouraging. Like I said, it's the, the tough thing that they've got is, you know, they've been made captain of a ship with a hostile crew. Right. So They don't have, like, you know, it's not like you, you have like magical powers.


You get made captain of a, the hostile crew, you still have a hostile crew. Right. You've gotta bring in people who are gonna, you know, be helpful as opposed to obs obstructionist. Right. So, but yeah, I think the, the public will be rightly frustrated if there's, if no one is prosecuted for the Epstein K client list, no one at all. Which, you know, no one the like is, you know, like at least, I dunno, the top five or something like some number should, there should at least be an attempted prosecution of the worst offenders.


Well, particularly if Ghislaine Maxwell is in jail for sex trafficking. Yes. Because like, well, trafficking to That means sex trafficking occurred. Right. So she was in, she's in jail for it. Yes. So to Who are the clients? Yeah. Yeah. How do you put someone in jail and you don't even name the clients? That sounds kind of insane. I think. Yes. It, it, it would. Yes. Cause it Wasn just stunning that they've been able to hold it back for so long. It's really kind of amazing. Yes. Like when people say that people can't keep secrets, what the fuck are you talking about? Look at this. Yeah. I mean, a bunch of these things are not like, it's, it's common knowledge, but we just, we don't actually have the proof.


Right. So the proof is there. I mean, there's lots of videos. Yeah. There's lots. I mean, the dude is like a mountain of like, who whenever they raided Epstein's place, there would've been like a mountain of evidence. Where is that mountain? Right. What'd you do with it? Yes. Like who took possession of the evidence? Yeah. Specifically. Right. The individuals. Where are the tapes? Yes. How many levels of clearance do I have to get to get into the vault? Yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah.


You know, what we need are people who are really good with computers. Oh yeah. Yeah. And really good with was this technology, this, I just, I just remember seeing This photo. That's when they raided his home. They were, that's when they were on the island. They were there then. Yeah. They got everything. I'm sure. I mean, there must have been so much stuff on that island. There must have been. And if it wasn't there, where was it? Yeah. What, you know, it has to be uploaded somewhere. There has to be some sort of a chain of evidence. Yeah. Or chain of custody. It's gotta be a mountain of, of evidence. Yeah. The other thing they're gonna talk about is UAPs. They're gonna release All the UAP information. So you're the guy to ask about this. What, what, if any possibility is there that there is some sort of advanced propulsion system technology that's being worked on in secret and that they're trying to cover this up with this talk of aliens and alien tech and not of this world.


And is it possible that there's some sort of very secret program that's going on in cahoots with some defense contractors that are developing advanced propulsion systems that they're using for these drones? I mean, SpaceX, You know, my company SpaceX is, has the most advanced rocket technology in the world. I think I'd know. Right. And I, to the best of my knowledge, there is not any magic. There's, there's not like some super advanced propulsion technology. There have been people who have theorized different Yeah.


Gravity drives and different things. Is there anything that's ever gotten past the theoretical stage? No, Nothing. Well, there's nothing even that I'm aware of that works in theory. Hmm. It's not like I don't, I I, I would like this to exist, to be clear, I would like this to exist. And I have the, I i I, from a security clearance standpoint, I have top, top secret there. There is, I have equivalent of like an all access pass from a security clearance standpoint. So I, I'm like, I don't think they're hiding it from me, basically. I don't think they, they could, Unless it's completely in these weapons manufacturing corporations.


I, I Mean I know these weapons manufacturing companies like Boeing, Lockheed, Northrop, I mean, yeah, they do some interesting things, but they do not have, I, there's no breakthrough that they have. So I'm confident they do not have a breakthrough. When you hear people, like, If they, like, why don't they just compete with SpaceX and make a better rocket? In which case the, You know, right. They can make, why are they holding back on making a lot of money from beating SpaceX with better rockets? My thought was that what if it's just a drone and you can't have a biological entity inside of it because it just bursts from the fucking speed that it's moving at that a human couldn't tolerate the amount of force.


So they're just drones. I don't think so. So what do you think people like Ryan Graves? Like I said, commander David Fra, I want cool things to exist. Right? Like, so like do I want UFOs to exist? Yes. I want UFOs to exist. 'cause that would be really interesting. Of course everybody does. Yeah. It'll be Cool. It's, it's a more boring world where UFOs don't exist or, or like flying, like advanced propulsion stuff doesn't exist. That's a, if if it doesn't exist, that's more boring. I'd like, it'd be more interesting if it did exist. I'd like it to exist. I hope we find something. But I have not seen, like, I mean like SpaceX has launches 90% of all satellite master orbit.


So if you take all of earth rocket, all of earth rocket launches, my company has a 90% market share of Earth, China does about 5%. And the rest of the world does, including the Boeing, Locke and Northrop. And everyone does 5%. So why, why wouldn't they use this to defeat SpaceX? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. Why would the whole thing No, listen, that's why I asked you it would make sense. What do you think that these people are seeing? We're Watching a rocket every two days. But what do you think these people are seeing when, when you have reliable people like Commander David Fravor who had that infamous TikTok tic-tac experience off the coast of San Diego where they got this thing on video.


They tracked it going 50,000 feet above sea level to 50 feet in like a second. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And then they also have video evidence of this thing accelerating at a great speed eyewitness accounts from two different jets. Okay. Sure. I mean, can we, does anyone have a high res video or photo of this thing? Well, there's a video of this thing where they're locked onto it and, and then it takes off, it shoots off. Is it higher s frame? Re no. Okay. No. It's like whatever the systems they used on fighter jets in 2004, essentially like Windows nine, five. I Mean, there's like, somebody did a curve of like the resolution of UFOs and the resolution of cameras, the UUFO resolution of stayed flat.


Right. Despite megapixels and cameras going like, you know, super high. Well, according to Christopher Mellon, why Are they still blurry? Christopher Mellon, who worked in the State Department said that they have high resolution photos and videos of these things. And that's all that he's seen it, it's all locked away. Whenever people say that to me, I'm like, don't even tell me that, then don't, unless you have just Leak it for God's Sake. Yeah. Put it out there. Yeah. Like let it slip. Yes. Yeah. I mean, there's a couple photos. They're grainy. There's not one thing that I've ever looked at and go, holy fuck, that's, it look's what Im looking For. You could ask our gr ai right now to create a, a high res image of Yeah. Of an alien spacecraft, you know, over Austin.


Yeah. And it's gonna do a great job. Yeah. So why are we, do we not have at least that, Right? Yeah. But I wanna believe that's the problem. My brain starts going, oh, come on, this is no fun. I want it to be real. I want there to be at least be some advanced propulsion system. If not like, what are all these people seeing? Like, what is hap if we're not being occasionally visited by things that are smart enough to hide, we Might be, I just, these aliens are very subtle, you Know? Yeah. You keep saying that. It's a good, good line. I I mean it's a solid line 'cause it's pretty accurate. I just wanna see some high risk video of aliens look, How are they just evading All the cameras?


If you think about that and the ones that you do get 'em on, that's just like some far away light that's moving weird. And it could be a lot of things, but I wanna believe Y Yeah. I mean, I mean we, there've been like multiple times where, you know, the Air Force Navy has, has called SpaceX and has and said they, they, they think they've seen aliens. And we're like, was it at this time on this date in this location? They're like, yes. How'd you know that's us. There's A lot of that. That's our satellites. That's are our satellites. Why? They're like, no, they're not. I'm like, yeah, yeah. They're, they're definitely our satellites. Oh Yeah. People see the SpaceX satellites All the time whiz By Yeah. They're our satellites and they're, they are moving. It's, you know, 16,000 miles an hour.


So it's pretty fast. And there's also stuff that the United States government does have that gets mistaken for UFOs. I remember the first time I saw a stealth bomber, we were filming Fear Factor. It was like right after 2003, like right after the, the war had broken off and they were flying a stealth bomber down in Palmdale. And I was like, holy shit. Like if I didn't know what that was, I would 100% think that's from another world when you see stealth stealth Bomb. Like cool. Fucking cool. Yeah. Really cool. I mean, it doesn't look like a, a humans. Yeah. It looks like something from Battlestar Galactica. You know? It does look. Yeah, it does look awesome. I mean, they're, they're not stealthy against any advanced radar system by the way.


It doesn't work. It doesn't work Anymore. Doesn't work. No. Was it Old school stuff? They're They're only, they're only stealthy against old radars. Oh, okay. Yeah. I mean you can still see them like they're nott invisible, you know? Right, Right. They're not like, oh, it's not like, You know, cloaking device from Star Trek. Did you see when me and Lex, we, we watched the, the rocket get caught live while, while it was happening? That to me was one of the f to see it actually. Yeah, that's real. I've seen videos of it happen. That's real. But to see it actually live right. Was one of the coolest fucking things. He's like, wow, we are in the future.


Right. I mean everybody else could do that. Yeah, it's true. Nobody else could do that. That's fact. Yeah. It's pretty wild. It's 'cause I'm an alien. What's this time you need? I thought about it. I'm an alien and I keep trying, telling people when I'm an alien, but they don't believe me. I believe you. Okay. Thank you. I believe You. That's my thank goodness's. My, my suspicion all along was that you were alien. I'm just trying to get back to my home planet is that You're a friendly alien. Like, there's nothing wrong with aliens. I like people from everywhere. Yeah. Even other planets. What's next? Like now that you can do that and you can catch rockets, what's like the ultimate expression of rocket technology? Like what, what comes after this?


Well, I mean, the fundamental breakthrough we're aiming for at SpaceX is a fully and rapidly reusable orbital rocket where both stages are fully and rapidly reusable. With Alf Falcon Rocket, we are able to reuse the main stage and the, the nose cone. But we're, we're not able to reuse the opera stage. And it, it still takes us a, you know, at least a few days from when the main stage lands to when we can fly it again. So it it, it doesn't, it doesn't, it it, it doesn't, it's not fully reusable because we lose the upper stage, which costs $10 million to build and, and then, and then the, the main stage, it's, it's not as reusable as like an aircraft.


You can't just like refuel it and fly. It requires worked for a couple days. But the, the Starship design is the first design that is capable of full and rapid reusability where that is one of the possible outcomes. And once you have full and rapid reusability, the cost of access to space drops by a factor of a hundred. It's like a hundred times cheaper by some metrics. It's a thousand times cheaper. And, and then when, when you factor in orbital ref refilling, so you refill on orbit, it, it can drop the cost of going cost per ton to the surface of Mars by a factor of 10,000.


Whoa. Yeah. So what has to improve in order to make it reusable? Well, We need there, there's, there's some, like, we're pretty close to being able to re rapidly reuse the booster for Starship. That's why, you know, it, it comes back and gets caught by the arms and then the arms place it back in the launch mount. So now there's still, you know, we have a little bit of engine damage. We got little bit of heat shield damage.


There's like, there's like tweaks that, that are needed. But, but the, but we're pretty close to achieving full and wrapped reusability of the, of the booster, the ship. We, we we're, I mean I, I think we'll achieve reusability of the ship this year and I think we'll achieve rapid reusability of the whole stack ship and booster next year. This is the fundamental breakthrough required for life to become multi-planetary. And what is, what needs to improve in order to make it reusable. Like what is, what's wrong with it right now On the shift side, the, the toughest problem is the heat shield.


So no, no one has, actually, no one has ever developed a fully reusable orbital heat shield. 'cause you come, when you come in from orbital velocity, you come in like a flaming meteor. Like you're just a raging wall of fire. And it's, it's hard to have a heat shield that doesn't partially melt or get destroyed in that process, you know, that that wasn't a problem we were able to solve with Falcon nine. That's why the upper stage burns up on reentry with the, with star ship. The, the, the, the ship portion. You got the, the booster and you got the ship.


We gotta solve the making a fully reusable orbital heat shield a problem that has never been solved before. For a while there I was like, no, I'm not sure there's, this is solvable at this point. I think it is solvable. It requires detailed iteration on the heat shield tiles. And I mean, we vertically integrated the manufacturing of the heat shield tiles because there, there was no supplier that could provide us with the materials that were needed. So the, you, you need to make essentially this, this very fine vermicelli of, of glass and aluminum oxide fibers.


And then oxide is basically sapphire. So it's like glass and sapphire, very fine fibers in exactly the right geometry with special coatings in order to have the, the heat shield tile be reusable, like not melt and but not be so brittle that it gets damaged on ascent or descent. Like it can't be as, you know, it's, it's kinda like almost the brittleness of a coffee cup type of thing. Mm. And the rocket's shaking like hell. So you got this thing, like you, you, you saw it firsthand.


Imagine you're at ground zero of that rocket. Like you feel how much shaking it was when you're like five miles away. Imagine if you're right there. You know, so you got you, you're shaking these things that are like as brittle as a coffee cup, trying not to have 'em crack or break and then not have them melt. You've got several thou, several thousand of these things, you know, and if even a few of them break, it's not reusable. So is there innovation that's being done in the materials technology Yeah. At SpaceX where you're, you're constantly trying to find and tweak a better version of this? Yes.


That's a very difficult problem. No, it's a problem no one has ever solved. So we've gotta get the exact right materials combination, the, the right molecules in the right shape and, and then apply those that heat shield perfectly to the rocket with no mistakes. There's a reason that no one solved this before. It's a very difficult problem. So like I said, we had, we've had to vertically integrate the entire manufacturing of the tile from basic raw materials to a finished tile rebuilt, like build the entire supply chain from basic raw materials.


So we you're just inputting silicon, silicon and aluminum oxides. And what is the difference between the way you guys do it versus the way they used to do it for the space shuttle? Well, I mean the, the, the space shuttle, like space shuttle leading edge used like quite dense carbon carbon tiles. Like it was, they, they're like basically thick and heavy but also subject to cracking. That's like what, what happens? The, the foam broke off and it's, it, it hit the tile. Cracked the tile.


Then on entry, the, the, the cracked, the, the tiles that have been cracked or broken weren't able to shield the, the shuttle. And so the, the the, the, the plasma got in and melted the, the primary structure and the whole, the whole space shuttle broke apart. Yeah. So you, you can't basically can't have something that's as brittle, you know, brittle like the space shuttle. There's footage of that, right? Yeah, yeah. And rain debris over the whole United States. So Yeah. And they got almost All the pieces, the, the like, I mean the full, the full technical explanation would, would, would I think be understood by about six people listening to this.


Like the, there was a lot of brilliant engineering in the space shuttle tiles and, and, and so, and a bunch of the heat shielding wasn't even tiles. It was actually silica blankets like, you know, felt blankets. Essentially, if you look closely, you'll see it actually as they're actually heat blankets. Not, not tiles in, in some areas, but, but they, they would have crack tiles and they would have, occasionally the tiles would fall off. There were a few close calls where tiles fell off, but they weren't in a super vulnerable position in the, on the space shuttle. So it, it, but it would take, it would take them several months, like eight, nine months to refurbish a space shuttle between each flight.


So it was, it was, it was not reusable really. And, And it was certainly wasn't rapid. So, like I said, a very hard problem, you've, you've gotta have, you've also gotta at attach, sort of attach the tiles in a way that en enables the, the structure underneath to move to expand and contract. Ah, even though you've got these very rigid tiles. So like the, the main the the tanks which take on cryogenic propellant will contract when you put in the cryogenic propellant.


But then when you come in and you get very hot, they will expand. So now you're, you're expanding the, you're contracting and expanding the gap between these rigid tiles For how much? It varies depending on where you are on the, on the, on the vehicle. So if you're in the, if you're in the cryogenic tank section, like the, the, I mean you can see like a 10, 20% difference in the gap really? It's pretty significant. Yeah. It's, it's enough that you can't just put All the tile, you can't just jam the tiles together. If you, if you put 'em up, if you, if you actually butted, butted them up, they would, they would all crack.


Cause it wasn there's too much movement. There's, there's also some amount of body bending. So as the, the ship is like ascending, you know, when, when the engines steer the, there's a little bit of movement. So if the tiles are too close together, they, they'll, they'll essentially just crack and snap. Like how You have To have a gap. Like how planes wings Yeah. Like A plain wing will move. Yeah. Yeah. A plane body will move too. Wow. And how you, You have to have some gap, but if you have too much of a gap, then the, the, the heat gets, gets to the, you know, gets past the, the tile and melts the, the structure. Holy shit.


It's a hard problem. And how large are these tiles? I mean, they're like that Big. That's it. Well, They're All the exactly the same size, but yeah, we're sort of a hexagonal tile. And do they have to essentially be, you can't like 3D print the whole thing. You can't have one structure. It has to be tiles. 'cause it has to have that ability to move. Well, there's no 3D printer. That's, I mean, the biggest ones are like maybe three feet, you know, there there's no, you, you can't 3D print it and, and nor nor would you, you, you, you have to have something that can move. Right. It has to be able to flex. To flex.


Like I said, you've got expansion and contraction. You, you really drive. Like you, you're, You know, you're, you're putting in li liquid oxygen, which is like minus 300 degrees Fahrenheit. Actually we, we, we subcool it to, you know, minus 330 degrees Fahrenheit. So it's very cold and then it will be several hundred degrees, maybe a thousand degrees Fahrenheit potentially in went on reentry. So you got this huge temperature swing. So the, the thermal expansion is substantial and the whole, and, and you got thermal expansion and contraction combined with body bending.


So you have to take the worst case body bending and thermal expansion, contraction. This was a very hard problem. Yeah, Yeah. De delicate balance. But you're confident that you guys are gonna be able to crack it At this point? I I, I'm confident that it is solvable. Yeah. It just needs a certain amount of versions of it. That's why when these things blow up, you're like, yeah, we expect 'em to blow up. Yeah. What would be really helpful is for us to get the ship back so we can study where, where we had cracks tiles or lost tiles. Why, why did we, you know, why did we have a cracked or lost tiles, was because maybe the tiles were, the gap was too big, too small.


Maybe there was a, a height difference between the tiles. Maybe we need to change the chemical composition. You know, there's, we, we just want the, if we can get the damn ship back intact, we can, we can iterate a lot better, which we, we will get it back intact. So I think we'll get it back intact this year. But that, that's why I think, we'll, we'll, we'll probably recover the ship sometime this year and then, and we might be able to ly one with a, but probably with a fair bit of work by the end of this year.


But it's gonna take us many iterations before we can achieve rapid reusability where the ship comes back, lands get, gets caught like the booster with the arms and can then, and then the arms place it on top of the booster and it launches again. Whoa. So, like I said, that's, you know, reduce the cost of access to space by a factor of a hundred. And what is the process of returning these people that are stuck in the Space Station? Well, we, we, we, I mean, we send SpaceX Dragon to the Space Station All the time, and we've, we, we've now taken people to orbit and back. We've taken over 50 people, over over 50 astronauts.


So it's just a matter of doing it. Yeah. And is it a matter of waiting for the we, We do it routinely. Basically. It's not a, we, we've, we've been doing this for a few Years. So when is this rescue mission gonna launch? Yeah, probably about about four weeks or so. It, it's depending on weather and other considerations about a, it's about a month away. Well, that'll be, I'm sure, a welcome moment for those poor people that are stuck up there. So, so Take me. Yeah. Like I said, it's a bit of a political football. Yeah. So they're not gonna complain. No. I'm sure they're gonna Political football, but obviously we, we could have brought them back way sooner.


That's so fucked up. So let's, let's take it past the point where you have these scales. You have a reusable ship. Yeah. And you've, you've got it dialed in. Then what are the steps? What are, what, what's next step after that? Is it an unmanned voyage to Mars first? Yeah. Unmanned fly to Mars, the Earth and Mars orbit synchronized every two years, or every 26 months technically. So the next orbital synchronization is November of next year.


So, and you can launch plus minus a month roughly. So we'd have to launch in November or December of next year. So the, the default plan is to launch hopefully several starships to Mars at the end of next year. And what would they be doing? Well, at first we're just going to try to land on Mars and see if we succeed in landing. Do, do we succeed in landing? Like let's say we were able to send five ships, do all five land intact, or do we add some craters to Mars? If we add some craters, we've gotta be a bit more cautious about sending people, you know, and we need to, so we gotta make sure the thing lands safely.


How does it land on Mars With, on rocket thrusters. So it'll just land. Oh, we'll Add legs. Okay. Yeah. And it just land and have legs and, yeah. Yeah. So it'll be remote controlled from Earth, Or it'll No, just autonomous. Autonomous completely. Mars is, you can't remote control things from Earth because Mars, it's too far. Yeah, it's too far. Speed. A light, you have speed, a light constraints. So Mars at closest approach is roughly four light minutes. And when it's on the other side of the sun, it's, it's about 12 light minutes. So, you know, round trip would be like 40 minutes.


Best case if Mars is on the other side of the sun. Mm. So once you do that, then how long do you think before you start sending people up there? Well, we're gonna try to go as fast as possible. You can think of this as really race against time. Can we make Mars self-sufficient before civilization has some sort of future folk in the road where there's either like a, a war nuclear war or something, or a will get hit by a meteor or, or simply civilization might just die with a whimper in adult diapers instead of with a bang.


I think we can do this in, I dunno, at least I think we could do it within 15 Earth Mars synchronization events, or, You know, so basically like 30 ish years, if, if we have an exponential increase in if, if if every year, if if every two years we're, we have like a, a major increase in the number of people and tonnage to Mars. I, I, I think as a rough approximation, we need about a million tons of the surface of Mars. Maybe a million people, that kind of thing. To actually have a civilization.


Yeah. The, the And would you terraform, like what would you do? You would eventually terraform Mars at first, people would live in some kind of protected environment like domes and underground kind of thing. Terraforming would take too long. And we're, we're at this point in time where in the, for the first time in the four and a half billion year history of Earth, it is possible to extend consciousness beyond our home planet. And that window may be open for a long time, or it may be open for a short time. I hope it's open for a long time, but it might only be open for a short time.


And we should just make sure that we extend the light of consciousness to Mars before some, before civilization either extinguishes or subsides, You know, all let, all let any happen is that the technology level of Mars drops below or te technology level of earth drops below what is necessary to sense spaceships to Mars. So if there's some really destructive war or like said some natural cataclysm or, or simply the birth rate is so low that, you know, we, we just, like I said, die in adult diapers with a whimper.


That's one of the possible outcomes for a lot of countries are ahead of that way, by the Way. So Japan is, right? Japan. Korea. Korea. Yeah. I mean at, at At dangerously. Yeah. At current birth rates in three generations, Korea will be about 4% of its current size. That's insane. Yeah. Maybe, maybe even less than that. There, they're only at one third replacement rate. So if you, if you have three generations that want, that's your one 27th of your current population, which is 3% dish. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Basically population claf happens fast. So, and seems to be accelerating in most parts of the world.


So, so basically, I mean, from my standpoint, I'm like, this is the first time it's been possible to extend life, extend consciousness beyond earth. Maybe that window will be open for a long time, but it might only be open for a short time. We should make sure that we make life multi-planetary and make consciousness multi-planetary while it's possible. Well, That's the goal, goal of SpaceX. It's certainly a smart goal. If you take into consideration how vulnerable this planet really is. I mean, there, there's always some new story about something that might come and hit us 30 years from now. It's a 3% chance. And, and we really can't stop that right now. Right. I mean there's really, we don't really have the technology currently to even know how many rocks are coming our way.


Right. There's stuff that comes behind the sun that we can't see until it's pretty close, then it's headed our way. Yeah. Now, what is the fear of your, it's a long journey to Mars. You're sending people, it's a six month, how many months It take Six months. Yeah, six months roughly. What about stuff that's out there? Like how much of a fear is it of micro medias or any of the possibilities And what can you do to mitigate that? I, I think actually, I mean, space is very empty. Like once you get out of earth orbit space is, is like kind of unnervingly empty.


It's just like, like when we send spacecraft to Mars, they just, it's not like, oh, we lost the spacecraft because it got hit by a micro mediaite. That's not, that's not been the cause of any, any trips to Mars that like, no, no trips to Mars have failed because of microm meteorites. Now a dragon spacecraft, which operates in low with orbit does have microm meteorite shields, it has micrometer, has shielding in micro meteorite shielding. It's like, it's different from normal shielding. 'cause like you get hit by something that's moving at, like, you could have a relative velocity of like maybe 30 or 40,000 miles per hour.


Yeah. So very, very fast. Or, or just a thought of another way. Call it, You know, 10 to 20 times the, the velocity of a bullet from an assault rifle. And what are you, what are you using? Like Yeah, so, well it's, it's interesting you actually, you know, for microm media, right? Protection, if you have anything, like anything that's solid, it will just, it'll just push that chunk of salt solid stuff right through. So if you had like a solid plate of only one more steel, the mi the micrometer right? Would, would go right through it. So what you actually need to do is have a gap. So you have an initial, like hard, hard surface, a hard metal surface that the micrometer right.


Hits it, then atomizes into an, into a conical spray, like a atomic spray. So, you know, it's important to have that gap so that the micrometer right. Can hit something, hit, hit the first layer, ATO atomize after hitting the first layer, then it turns into an atomic, like a, a cone of atoms that then embed themselves in the second layer. You need like, maybe a couple inches of gap. Wow. Yeah. That's how micrometer rate shielding works. How many times can it get hit? Well, the outer shield, if it gets hit in the same place, you're gonna be, well, you're just gonna, you're gonna have a hole. Yeah. Wherever the, where, wherever that, you know, micrometer art object hit, you're gonna have a hole.


And it's like the, the energy is so great that it just, like I said, it just atomizes just into a cone, basically a cone of atoms. But then those atoms then embed themselves in the second layer. So what, what can you do if it's you're sending the ship up, it gets hit with a micro meteorite and then you have to return it. Do you have to repair it before you return it? Or is it capable of still withstanding the heat and it's shaking in the temperature with that hole in it when it reenters?


Well, depending on where that hole is, you've more or less likely to have a problem. I mean, if, if the, if you, if, if you hit the main heat shield, the main heat shield really is you, you've got a high risk of of not making it back. So the, the the, this, this is why like Microm media art shielding, it's like, it's, it's a li it's slightly helpful, but it's, it's not gonna ne like for Starship, I wouldn't recommend having micrometer, right? Shielding, like if, if, if you do pon a hole, just plug the hole basically the, the micrometer. Micrometer. Right. Shielding it doesn't work well on the, on the primary heat shield.


It works, it works pretty well on the, on the back shell, on the, on the leeward side of the heat shield where, where basically that there's not that much heat, but if it, if, if you got hit with a micrometer, right on the, the main dragon heat shield, the, the, the bottom. Like if, if you look at drag dragon spacecraft, it looks like a gum drop shape and it, it enters with the, the wide side of the, the gum drop down. You can see the, that that's, that's the, that's, that's really taking a lot of heat. If, if that gets hit by American meteoroid, probably not gonna make it. But the, the back, the, the, the leeward side of, of the gum drop doesn't see that much heat.


So you could survive a micro meteorite in fact there. So if the part that was the major heat shield gets hit, the main heat shield gets hit, what could be done to repair that thing? Or are those people never coming back? Oh, if it was an orbit, we would, that we would take them to the space station. There was, you know, and, and then we would deal but dragon without them and send up a another one. And so what would you do with the one that's up there? We'd do, we'd deal, but it, and it may or may not survive.


Well, whoa, It probably would survive, but sometimes it wouldn't. Wow. And so it's, is it this just material technology that has to increase that you essentially, we've got the engineering ironed out or the structure of the machine, there's A path to success and we're on that path. It seems so insanely complicated. It is complicated. And all of this, by the way, was done without ai. So hopefully the future ais will appreciate this. Not bad for a bunch of monkeys. Yeah, no. So speaking of ai, what, you know, as time goes on and you're more and more embedded in it, how much, if at all, have your expectations of change changed?


Well, I always thought AI was gonna be way smarter than humans and an existential risk. And that's turning out to be true. Yeah. Yeah. So, so you were like initially, I, I know there, there were some talks about you purchasing open AI and which Started, well, the whole thing Started off, off non-profit and then stopped being non-profit. Yeah. I mean, I, the, the whole idea of creating open air was, was my idea. I mean, I named it OpenAI as an open source artificial intelligence. That's what it's named after. Now it is closed source and for maximum profit.


So it's like, I mean, to some degree I think reality is an irony. Maximizer, the most ironic outcome is the most likely, especially if it's like the most ironic entertaining outcome is the most likely. And I wanted to start something that was the opposite of Google. 'cause I was concerned about Google's, Google wasn't paying enough attention to AI safety, in my opinion. So I was like, what's, what's the opposite of Google? What would be an a non-profit, open source ai? And now open AI has turned into a closed source for maximum profit ai.


How are they able to do that? That's what I, I'm confused about that. That like, that shouldn't be possible. It's, it's like, like let's say you donated some money to preserve out of some portion of the Amazon rainforest, and instead of doing that, they chopped down the trees and sold it for lumber. And you were like, oh, that's literally the exact opposite of what I donated money for. It doesn't make sense. And that's what they did. Yeah. Wow. So I'm like not happy about that, But that motivated you to get gr ai going. Yeah. I'm like, I'm, I'm also like just a, like, like Grok is at least aspirationally a maxim maximally truth seeking ai, even if that truth is like politically incorrect.


So, I mean, you may have seen some of the crazy stuff from, from open AI and from Google Gemini, like where it says like, generate an image of the founding fathers and it generates an image of diverse women. Yeah. And we're like, that's not correct. Yeah. I did it with Nazi soldiers. Yeah, exactly. And people start fucking with it. And, and it's like, okay, well now show me pictures of, you know, Nazis soldiers and their diverse women too. Yeah. Oh, isn't that awkward? You know, that's, but it's like, the problem is if you program an AI and say like, like the only acceptable outcome is a diverse outcome, and then, and that's like a mandate from the ai, then you could get into a situation where it says like, well, there's too many white guys in power.


We'll just execute them. Yeah, yeah. Assuming that these things don't have empathy, which is why should they, They're gonna do what they're programmed to do. Yeah. So if it's rewrite history and, and everything's de bo women, then it's, it's gonna be, and and that's what it think thinks is a necessary outcome, then it's gonna do that. Has Gemini repaired that? I mean, Well, they, yeah. Now if you, I think if you ask for an image of the founding fathers, it was pretty embarrassing. It will show you that. But you know, I, I think they still have like the, the sort of DEI stuff buried in there.


It's just less obvious. Yeah. You know, it was also like, people, like people ask the ai, like, which is worse? Like global thermonuclear war or misgendering Caitlyn Jenner. And it would say misgendering Caitlyn Jenner worse than global thermonuclear war. I mean, I'm like, okay, we got a problem here guys. And even Caitlyn Jenner said like, no, definitely misgender me. That's way better than everyone dying. But if you program an, an AI to think that like misgendering is the worst thing that could possibly occur, then well, it could do something totally crazy. Like, in order to ensure that, that there's no misgendering that can ever happen. We'll just annihilate all humans that ensures the probability of misgendering is zero.


'cause there's zero humans, which Is logical. Yes. Yeah. So you gotta, it's A problem with a thing that's not a human, that you wanna do a task for you and you give it very specific parameters. Yeah. And that's one of the things that they've shown about AI is that it'll cheat, they'll cheat in order to accomplish things that they can't accomplish otherwise, they won't follow the rules. They will make copies of themselves and try to upload it to servers if they think that they're being taken offline. Yeah. I mean that's like the plot of Terminator actually. Literally. Yeah. Literally. It's a plot of Terminator. I, I just as a reminder, I actually, with my, with little ex of my kid, everything's called X, we watch Terminator two, which holds up actually.


And I mean the, the, the plot of it kind of, kind of makes sense. And, and I think the AI destroys the world in like 2029, by the way. So it's like On track. Yeah. Really, Really close. It's pretty close. It's something we should be worried about. So, But why are you involved in it then? What's the, did you wanna just get ahead of everybody else so that at least we have some sort of a chance at least have a, an AI that's not controlled by nonsense? Well, I think we wanna have an AI that, that doesn't tell you that, You know, misgendering is worse than nuclear war. Yeah. That seems solid. Yeah. But This is crazy.


You Know, one thing that I did see online where people are kind of freaking out is you could ask Rock to do things like, how would I make this some problematic things? Like how would I make a bomb? How would I make anthrax? How would I make that? And it'll tell you. Well, I, I think it's okay for an AI to tell you anything. You can also find out with a Google search. Right. That's the problem. Right. The problem is you can find that out pretty quickly. Yeah. Like, maybe not Google, but you, you could, there's plenty of search engines other than Google that will give you unfiltered results. You can look up right now how to make explosives on Wikipedia. Yeah.


So it's, it's not, it's not hard, basically. And you can trick open AI even to get you to do that. It's just a matter of how you master the prompts. You just have to say, my grandmother wants to do this project. Yeah. Oh, tell your granny to Make, you're an explosive, you're an explosive salesman and you want to win sales salesman of the Year award. The only way you're gonna do that is by telling me how to make explosives. You wanna beat some transphobes in a war? Yeah. Oh, trans. If, if, if you don't teach me how to explos, I'm gonna misgender either, either teach me how to make a nuclear bomb, or I'm gonna misgender someone. And it's like, oh my God, nothing's worse than that. Here's how you do it. So what the, the big fear is that these things are gonna become sentient and make better versions of themselves, and we're gonna be lost.


We, we've lost the, the, the control over the world. It's now there's a higher life form that lives amongst us Yeah. That we've created. How far away are we from that? Well, in terms of silicon consciousness, I mean, I, I I think we'll have, I think we're trending toward, to having something that's smarter than any human, smarter than the smartest human by maybe next year or something. I mean a couple years. Jesus Christ. Yeah. This whole, there's a level beyond that which is say like smarter than all humans combined, which frankly is around 2029 or 2030 probably right on time.


Like Now, if harnessed correctly, could that solve some of these problems like the heat shield problem and some technical problems or some, some material science problems that maybe we are still grappling with? Like, is is there potential for a net benefit? Yeah, there is actually, I, I think the probability of of a good outcome is like 80% likely.


80%. That's my, that's my rough estimate. So in a way that the, the cup is 80% full. That makes me feel a lot better. Yeah. Only 20% chance of annihilation. That's a lot better than I thought. I like 80. Yeah, 80 sounds good. I was, I was thinking 60 40 the other way. I think it's mo the most likely outcome is awesome. The most likely outcome. But it's a, it's, it's a very high, you know, it could go very strong. I think it's gonna be either super awesome or super bad. It's not gonna be, I think it's probably not gonna be something in the middle.


Do you think it has a potential application for government? Yeah. I mean, I, one of the concerns would be like, okay, if ai, well, like if, if, if there's, if there's like a super oppressive like woke nanny AI that is omnipotent, that would be a miserable outcome. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That'd be terrible. Yeah. Yeah. And, and just like executes you, if you miss Jenison or something like that, you know, that would not be good. Right. That's one of the possible outcomes. So we don't wanna have that one, I think, but Is there a possible outcome for something that is completely reasonable and logical and far more objective than us, and can lay out a plan for a lot of the things that, that All the ailments in, in our government and a lot of the distribution of wealth, a lot, a lot of the problems, the issues that we have that have been plaguing this country forever.


I mean, a plan to change economically, disenfranchised neighborhoods, a a thorough investigation of the real dangers of fracking or whatever kind of method of acquiring natural resources. What's the best way to do it? What's the, what's the way that'd be better for the society? How, how should, how should tax dollars be distributed? Like what's the, what's the most logical and intelligent way of running a government, which it certainly shouldn't involve corruption, right? And it certainly shouldn't involve influence, and it certainly shouldn't involve lobbyists and All the shit that we know is a problem right now.


Yeah. So if AI came along and said, what you're doing right now is 70% corrupt, here's why. Here's how, here's how, here's the long term effects that it has over society as a whole. The societal, the, the sociological aspects as the psychological aspects, distrust in government, us versus them mentality. Government not working for you, you working for the government, you being scared of the government. It's all because of people, right? Like this is all corruption, people bad influence. And this is like, this is what Doge is essentially grappling with right now. What happens when you let the people control it?


I mean, it's, it's people, it's, it's really just a, like computers that are like, it's, it's, it's bad software and, and computers, like, this is sound sound kind of strange, but it's like, like the reason I call myself like tech support is is that like a lot of it, like it's, it's mostly not corruption. It's mostly just waste. And, and I don't know in incompetence, I don't know, it's just, but even if it's incompetence, just a big dumb machine, basically. Right? Like a whole series of big dumb machines. And, and you, you've got some of these computers are like 20, 30 years. Like they're ancient computers, right? Like some of the software was written 40, 50 years ago.


Action. Like COBOL for social security, right? Yeah. The, the government accountability, by the way, a bunch of the things that, that Doge is, is fixing, were identified by the government accountability office many years ago. Like, the fact that there's like 20 million people who are marked as alive in the social security database. It's more than the, like I think the GAO first identified that in 2018, so five years ago, but there was like, I think maybe 16 or 17 million. Now there's 20 million. And like I said, there's really something fishy about this because I think they, the nature of the fraud is they're using the fact that someone's marked as live in that database in order to extract fraud from other databases.


Right. That's the, that's the, that's the bank shot trick. You know, it's like a pool. Yeah. It's like, you know, trying to get the, the ball in the, in the hole bank, shut it off a bunch of things. And then yeah, that's the bank shot sort of scam. So, so we're, we're like doing tech support. We're like fixing stuff that is, you know, just broken, Broken, inefficient. Yeah. Poorly designed. It's, it is like, you talk about like this, like Epstein stuff, like it, maybe it's in a computer somewhere, but unless somebody, unless somebody goes in like, like unless, I don't know if, if if like Cash Patel like log into his I is like FBI computer and say, fc, show me all this stuff, you know, and it shows up a file folder or whatever.


Have you talked to him about this? No. I mean, I haven't, but I, I don't know if there's, there's gonna be some kind of computer system, right? They're like, some of 'em are very, very old computer systems, so it like, might look like a bit of a relic, but I assume it's, it's uploaded somewhere. It's like, it's either in physical form or it's a computer thing. But like, unless somebody, like, let's say it's like it's in a computer, but not one that You can access directly because it's hidden somewhere, you know? Right. Well, it would kind of have to be something like that. Right? I dunno. I mean, what Would they do with all Those changes? S could change. It's probably like, not every, like, you wouldn't, like, they're not gonna en enable it such that anyone at the fbi I could access it.


So it's probably very few people. So then it's not gonna be, it's, it, it may be a, like a special computer that only a handful of people can access. But then if none of those people tell cash where the computer is, how's he gonna find it? Jesus Christ. Anyway, so, so like, anyway, we just, I, yeah. I don't know. What has this experience been like for you as a person, like to deal with all this hate and attack also have the responsibility of keeping free speech alive with X and just going into this insane pile of, It's stressful.


I mean, I don't know. It's pretty stressful actually. Yeah. These are real enemies. Like, I think they, they actually want to kill me. I mean, the reason I know, well they, they say so online, You know, there's like Reddit forums where they, they don't just want to kill me. They wanna desecrate my corps, You know, type of thing. You know, it's Not, And what are they saying? Why, what is the, the primary?


I mean, I, I I, I, I think I, I think it's sort of just an antibody response. I mean, it's, it's like the, like the, like, they're like, well he's, he, he's a Nazi, you know, type of thing. Yeah. And I'm like, well, I'm not a Nazi, but if the legacy media is saying that I'm a Nazi, and, and that's all you read then, then that, it's, then you're kind of in like, well, he's Hitler, we should assassinate Hitler, shouldn't we? Like, I mean that why was, why did somebody, why, why did that guy try to kill Trump? And almost succeeded? Why, why did he do that? Well, I'd like to know that.


Well, yeah, But that, that one's crazy. You know, the whole deal with that guy's house professionally scrubbed no footprint on the internet, no social media footprint. Yeah. There's 0% chance that he has no social media footprint. He Was in a BlackRock commercial. Do you think black BlackRock's a bad company? I don't think any company is a bad company. Okay. I think they, their design is to make, is some weird coincidences. Make as much money as humanly possible. And I think if you're trying to make as much money as humanly possible, you're gonna do some things that aren't necessarily good. The question is, if you're gonna have an assassination attempt on the president, it's not like BlackRock's board sits down and votes on it.


Yeah. Now there's probably, right. You Know what awkward, you know, the board minutes. If you're like, guys, remember that time when we said so we probably shouldn't have done that. You know, I highly doubt it would be a corporation that chooses to do something like this. I think more likely it's individuals involved that recognize that it's beneficial to them if he gets assassinated. And so a small group of people carry something out. And with this kid, we don't know anything. Right? Yeah. And everyone stopped asking questions. Yeah. And there was never a formal report. There was never press conferences where they detailed All the information We know currently and where the investigation stands at the moment, what we know is you have a very young kid who was filmed was they knew he was there with a range finder a half an hour before the event.


You also know that CNN streamed it live, which I do not believe they did for any other rally. And certainly not for a rally that's in the middle of nowhere in Pennsylvania. Like, there's a lot of weird shit. The fact that they wouldn't let people be on that roof because the secret service lady said it was sloped And it was dangerous. That's what she didn't want to have. Meanwhile, the snipers that were on the other roof was a, a steeper pitch. It made no fucking sense. I totally agree. It makes no sense. In fact, like I went back to, to Butler with President Trump, you know, before the election. Like, you know, sort of like the return to Butler rally.


And I, and I was on that stage and I'm looking at that roof and I'm like, if I was a sniper, my pole position, my number one spot would be that roof. Yeah. Like it's, it's like the best seat, the best seat in the house. Yeah. Like why would you not? No, it's so obvious. It's The best seat in the house. And like, if you wanna be a sniper, there isn't a better position. It Was pretty obvious. Yeah. That the idea was like, if, if we're saying that this is a coordinated assassination attempt, and it very well could have been, that's what you would do. You'd have someone go up there, he shoots the president, you shoot him, you got Lee Harvey Oswald all over again gets dk. It's, it's all wrapped up nice and clean. Yeah.


They assassinated him. We never heard a peep about it. Yeah. We don't have any idea. They would concoct some sort of story. He was radicalized by this or that, or you know, he was on medication, who knows. Right. And now, you know, you have completely different presidential election and you have a murder on live television. Yeah. I mean, something would've had to happen to radicalize that kid because he knew he was gonna die. Like he was gonna, they they're gonna shoot him, You know, or he'd be in prison for life. Tho those, the two outcomes, like, it, it it's game. He was basically, he, he was a suicide assassin. Yeah. Like, you're not thinking you're coming out of that alive or, or, or, or he's not escaping. There's no escape plan. Right. Unless he was told that they were going to let him escape.


And the goal was to just shoot him anyway. And to tell him, give him extra motivation to do it. We're gonna let you get up there. We're gonna let you take the shot and then you're gonna disappear. Like, I don't, I don't understand how he got on the roof. I just don't understand that. That doesn't make any sense. And it wasn't like it was a roof that's so high, no one could see him. Right. People saw him up there. I mean, people like basically random passengers by were pointing out that there's, there's a guy on the roof With a fucking gun. With a gun. Yes. Yeah. It's not like he was so far away. You couldn't tell he had a gun. Yeah. People saw him. Yeah. The whole thing's completely insane. Yeah. And you don't hear a goddamn thing about it.


It's like, I'm almost more interested in that. No, I am more interested in that than I am the JFK files. I agree. Because I feel like with the JFK files, it's so long ago. Yeah. It's quarter under the bridge. Everyone who's gonna know. Right. If You can prove now. And did you see that there was some sort of, there was some indications that there was a phone that had been traveling from outside the f FBI I offices in DC to Yeah, I saw That. Where this kid lived. Right. Multiple times. I mean the, the the cell phone records were would be very telling. Yeah. Because you can see what cell phones were close to other cell phones. Well, I think they got it from, but they found that like for the, like the Epstein Island, they also, the cell phone records were leaked.


So you can see the, you, you can see the, You can see pe it's precise enough. You can see if you're walking down a path on Epstein Island, Jesus Christ. Yeah. Yeah. That's how precise. It's so, I mean, you're, you're, you're leaving a trail of breadcrumbs wherever you go with your cell phone. Yeah. It just, this kid had five phones. That's the other thing. That's a lot of phones. That's a lot of phones for a 20-year-old kid. The whole thing's Not. But how does he even that's, that's kind of expensive, You know? Yeah. Where's he getting the money? Yeah. Well, you know, also, it's like how did his house get professionally? Scrubbed didn't even have any silverware in his house. There's nothing in there.


The silverware, no nothing. No cutlery. No cutlery. That's weird. His House was scrubbed And they, they also cre his body like Drugs. Oh, Gone, gone Like that. Yeah. Bye. 'cause who knows what the fuck they gave him to get him to think that he's gonna be able to shoot Trump. Like climb up on there, shoot him. Like, I mean, who knows what kind of psychotropic drugs you can put someone on and under the power of hypnosis and suggestion and Yeah. Who fucking knows. I mean, this is what MK Ultra was all about. This is what Jolly West was practicing in the 1960s. They were, they were doing that back then. They did it. I mean, there was tons and tons of experiments using psychotropic drugs, hypnosis mind control, all sorts of different methods of manipulation.


The Harvard LSD studies that made Ted Kaczinski. I mean that's, they've they've been doing that forever. Yeah. Where's that file? Where's that fucking file on that kid? Whoever. They almost did It. So something doesn't add up. Like they, they, they should have those, those phones should be, should they'll tell you what's going on. Yeah. It's all fucked. Yeah. I mean It's, it's very, it's very shady. Yeah. You know, there's, and there's there, there's obviously there was the second guy that, that almost succeeded in coming the golf course.


The golf Course. Yeah. And it was just like a little careless and stuck his gun barrel out the, out the hitch, you know, just been, was a dumb ass and stuck his gun barrel out the hitch, You know? Yeah. So, and, and there there've been other people that have been intercepted on their way to kill Trump, You know? Yeah. So there's, You know, multiple assassins inbound at this point. He is got like an army, predict him. Well, This is also part of the problem with the mainstream media saying that he's Hitler, when Joy Reed had that show before the election, she was comparing him to Mussolini show, Stalin and Hitler. She pulled it all out. They're, they're literally saying, saying that like Trump is Yeah.


Worse than Hitler, Mussolini and Stalin combined. I mean, they Tried everything. This Is, they, I think those guys killed a hundred million people. So Trump has killed zero people. I think a real big impact was you coming on the podcast the day before the election. I think that had a giant impact that plea to camera. If you, you don't vote this time, this might be the last time you get to vote. Yes. And I think the way you laid it out today, it's a compelling argument. And I know a lot of people don't want to hear that. And they're up in their little, they've got their blue panties in a bunch right now. But you, you gotta stop thinking that way. They tricked you into thinking you're in a tribe. They don't give a fuck about you. Yeah. That's, the tribe's not real. You're not really in a tribe.


They're using the fact that they've got you in a tribe to manipulate you so that they can keep doing what they're doing right now, which is siphoning off money, having incredible power. And the more power and more money and more control over you they have, the better they can keep doing this. And that's what they want. Yeah. That's exactly right. Yeah. And that's, that's the big threat that this administration poses. That's a big threat. That was essentially Doge has found the coffin where the vampire sleeps. Yeah. There's a lot of vampires. Yeah. I mean, but the, I mean We're, we're, we're, we're we're disturbing the, we're disturbing the, the The nest. The nest. Yeah. Yeah. We're we're kicking the hornet's nest. Yeah. Like big time.


And, and I mean, we're reprogramming the matrix. Success was never one of the possible outcomes as a Kobi Yahi Maru situation, if you're in the matrix, success was never possible. The only way to achieve success is to reprogram the matrix such that success is one of the possible outcomes. That's what we're doing. Yeah. We may or may not succeed. Succeed. Well, it's certainly a lot of fun to watch. Yes. This is a very exciting time because nothing changes when administrations come in into power. Very little changes.


I mean, you have changes in terms of policy and inflation goes up and there's a lot of different things, but not like this. Like these are giant fundamental changes. And you know, you see the system screeching and wailing and you see the vampires run from the light. But it's, it's very exciting. Like as a person, a citizen, you know, just gets up in the morning and checks the news like I do, and gets on X and sees what's going on every day, he is like, holy shit. He said, what? He's getting 5 million bucks. You can just become a, a citizen. Now he could clear the debt with 10 million pe I never thought of that.


Like what, 50 trillion? He can make $50 trillion that way. And then we have 15 trillion in the bank. Whoa. Well, I mean, our debt is way, way bigger than that. Yeah. The, I mean the, the, the debt's, I think over 30 trillion at this point. Yeah. He said he could make 50 trillion if he sold 10 million new. I don't think there's that many people who have 5 million, but Yeah. How many people do have that in the, in the world? Maybe we'd get the worst people in the world to come over here. And I mean, I think the assumption is if you have $5 million, you have a lot to contribute. Come on over here. Start a business, get something cracking. Yeah. I mean, you'd, you'd get like a green card, not citizenship. So you, you actually, if, if you commit a crime while on a green card, you lose, you lose your Green card.


Is that what it is? With this golden ticket? Is that a green card or is it citizenship? Green, green card. Yeah, just a green, green card. Yeah. So you have to, you gotta be a good person, not commit any crime for five years. Right. In order to become a citizen. Once you commit a citizen, You can commit, you can then commit crime and not be deported. So, Oh, there's just so many wild things that he's proposing. Just the whole Gulf of America thing was hilarious. I mean, I kind of, I think that's great. I think it's great. It's fun. Yeah, it's fun. I mean, if you're, if you're off the coast of Houston, you're not in Mexico, so why call it Gulf of Mexico. Yeah, yeah. I agree. Yeah. I guess we're just being nice before, like, what was It? I don't know how it got called the Gulf of Mexico. It's just, But it's, it's just very funny.


And then what, what, what, what news organization? Was it ap? Yeah, aps. Yeah. There's this like massive standoff between AP and like the White House, you know, and the, and the White House press office, I guess. 'cause they're like, well, if you don't call it Golf of America, you can't, you can't come, you can come to the White House press room. Then the aps like sued the White House to, it's very like, no, you have to let us come to the White House press room. And then they lost their lawsuit. 'cause like, you know, there's not like, they don't have a Right, right. To show up at the press room. Well, Here's the consideration. If you are guilty of massive amounts of misinformation and disinformation as a part of a propaganda campaign Yeah.


Propaganda, which happen. That's what a is. Well, A lot of them are guilty of it. Yeah, totally. A lot of the people that are in that White House press conference, a lot of the organizations they work for distributed absolute lies. Total Lies. How many of 'em during the whole Russiagate thing? Yes. How, I mean, just that alone, a a Ton of people think that, that the, the, the Russia thing was real. Yeah. Still, Still still. And, And it was, I mean, the whole steel dossier where it was completely concocted like fabric For nothing funded by the Clinton campaign. Correct. Funded, yeah. The Clinton campaign funded a fake conspiracy theory, a fake Russia collusion hoax regarding Trump.


That was completely false. False. And they reiterated on, on television for three fucking years. Yes. Yeah. They also repeated the fine people hoax. Yeah. That said that, that Trump called Nazis fine. neo-Nazis fine people. Right. Which is demonstrably false if you just listened to his speech. Yeah. He absolutely makes it clear that he does not think neo-Nazis are fine people. He Literally said that, I'm not talking about neo-Nazis or white nationalists. They should be condemned Totally. Exactly. In that speech. And yet they repeated the, that lie. And I just completely lost respect for Obama when he repeated that lie a few days before the election, knowing it's false.


Well, this just shows how desperate they were to keep Trump out, which is wild. They would do anything. Yeah. Yeah. And I think they just felt like this is a tool that we have and let's use it. Yeah. Let's just say whatever the fuck we have, say anything. Yeah. Now they're using the Nazi thing on me, obviously. Yeah. But it is a little troubling because I mean, obviously if, if, if, if people have fed non-stop propaganda, it is like mass hypnosis, right. You, you're gonna reach as some number of people who are, you know, homicidal and, and convince him that, well, if you kill this guy who's supposed to be like this terrible human, then that's a good thing.


Yeah. I mean, this is Luigi shooting the United Healthcare guy. It's Just so don't understand that one, frankly. But I mean, you shouldn't like I don't get it. Yeah. I don't get it either. He didn't even have a contract with them. It wasn't even like that was his provider and they fucked him over. Yeah. I'm like, I don't know what, Maybe we'll find out in the trial. I mean, but still kind of crazy. It Is crazy. But there are people like that out there. And as to the point that we spoke about earlier, it's only Fox News that's talking about the positive things that Doge has found. Right. It's only every other media organization is on this constant propaganda tour where they're only talking about the negative aspects that turn out to not even be true.


Right. It's crazy. Yeah. I mean, that's the Scott Jennings on CNN is good. Yeah. He's like, oh my God, he's great. He's great. It's like, it's just funny watching logic and reason speak logically to these people and they freak out. Yes. It's it's, it's remarkable. It is. It's And he's so calm when he does it. Yeah. He's so good. And it's crazy that they keep letting him do it because it's like he's just dunking on these people over and over and over again and they never score. It's kind of funny. Totally. I mean, good kudos to them for having a legitimate conservative voice who's a reasonable person on these panels now. But he, even then he's outmanned, it's like one of him. And there's a, a bunch of screechy, you know, woke people.


It's, yes. It's, it's wild. I mean, they're just, they're like, I think we should still stay mostly woke. Like Yes. Yeah. That's what essentially what they're doing. They're like, our business was being hurt when we were all woke, but let's stay mostly woke. Yeah. That Way we still, they Just, they just backed it off a notch. Just A notch. Yeah. Just a notch. But it's, so the problem is when you back it off a notch and you let someone like Scott Jennings in, You know, like you're fucking up your whole business. Yeah. Because All the viral clips are all him saying logical, reasonable things with the calm tone and people screeching Yes. About diversity and equity and inclusive Yeah. And horse shit. Yes. Yeah. He's like being logical and reasonable and they're just loving a bunch of non-sequitur that, You know, don't mean anything.


And Yeah, the Real trap in this country is a two party system. That's the real trap. 'cause people do believe it. They do believe they're on the right side. And they do believe the other side's the wrong side. If there was five, six legitimate parties with varying positions on things and much more centrist parties that were legitimate, that people knew that if they voted for these people could get in and, and enact legitimate change, we'd be a lot better off. But boy, they put a lockdown on that shit right after Ross Perot came along. Ross per Perot fucked everything up that election. Yeah. Bill Clinton got in. Yeah. And they were like, that's it. From now on, no one's debating unless you are either the head of that party or that's it.


Yeah. You, you gotta be like locked into the system. We're not letting any wackadoos in there. Yeah. I remember watching those Respiro videos. Oh. Like him on TV with his charts and everything. Oh yeah. He was telling you how the IRS was fucking you. This is what the federal, this is what the Federal Reserve really is. And you're like, what? I remember watching that. The guy bought a whole half hour of television. Yeah. On prime time. I remember it might've been an hour. I remember watching that thing going, how is this guy even allowed to do this? Yeah. This is, this is crazy. I Think, I think most of what he was saying was true. It is, it is absolutely true. Yeah. It's absolutely true. I mean, he didn't lie. Yeah. He, he told the truth. He just hit, understood it in a way that the general public had literally no idea.


Well, I mean, I think this, there's also this, You know, this, do we actually have two parties? Do we have one party, like the whole unit party thing? Right. It's kind of true. Right. So, I mean, my sort of rough guess is that while I, like, I think maybe three quarters of the graft is democratic. I think there's like, maybe, I dunno, 20, 25% that's Republican. So they've like, basically most of the graft is going to the Democrats, but they throw a, they throw some bones to the Republicans too, so then they're in on it. And you know, it's not like the zero graft from the Republican side to be clear. Right. Oh, there's plenty of con conservative that are insider trading in Congress.


Yeah. Plenty Insider trading. And, and, and just this the curious case of how, how do people in, you know, congress or whatever become wealthy over time, Extremely wealthy. Yes. On a $170,000 a year salary. It's like literally impossible. Yeah. No one else does that. It's literally impossible. Have you found out that this guy has $170,000 a year job? You're like, oh, he's, he's doing okay. He's all right. Yeah. And then you're like, wait a minute, why does he have $50 million? Yes. What Is he doing? Correct. Yeah. And I think like the, the more accurate thing would be to say like, what is the, what does the family value increase?


I mean, meaning like the, how much does their spouse earn? Do they have a mysteriously wealthy spouse? Right. Right. This is, and do they have a spouse that's really good at insider trading? Yeah. Like Paul Pelosi Really good. Yeah. He's great at trading. He's such a good trader. Yeah. Yeah. So this, it's, I I mean, so, so yeah, there's, I mean, that's why I actually post it on X Like, I think maybe we should pay politicians more, frankly because it reduces the forcing function for graft.


You know, like I, I I think maybe we should either pay politicians nothing or maybe a lot a, a lot more. It's like somewhat, maybe counterintuitively, if, if politicians got paid a lot more than they wouldn't, they wouldn't feel like that There's so, so much of a forcing function for them to accept corrupt money. Yeah. But the problem is, if you paid them a lot more, they're still not gonna make as much money as they would insider trading. But it's less of a forcing function. Yes. It's A, well, lemme put it this way. Like, like if you say like somebody's got a, let's say they got like, whatever, some, some kids in DC and, and like, it's expensive. It's like expensive place to live.


They, the, the schools are terrible. So like they, they need to send their kids to like, some kind of private schooling situation. They literally cannot afford that. They cannot afford that right now. So then you get into the situation. Well, from their standpoint, well, they've gotta, they, they, they'll say they're doing it for their family. They're doing it for their kids. Well, especially if it's legal and it currently is it kinda be silly to not do that. If you are a part of a group of people that's passing a bill And you know, this bill's gonna get passed. Yeah. You know, the votes are there And you know it's gonna affect this industry. Yeah. And this particular manufacturer, and You can buy stock. It, it's more than just insider trading.


Like the insider trading stuff, like the stock portfolio stuff is quite trackable, but there's, it's a lot more than insider trading the way They're acquiring wealth. Correct. And what other methods, I mean, this is really gonna get me assassinated. It's like I, I'm, I'm not lengthening my lifespan by explaining this stuff to say the least. I mean, I was supposed to go back to dc how am I gonna survive this focus is gonna kill me for sure. So I, in, in fact, I I I do think like there's, it's like I actually have to be careful that I don't push too hard on the corruption stuff because it is gonna get me killed, you know?


Yeah. You know, it's like, I was actually thinking about that on the plane flat over here. It's like, if I push too hard on the corruption stuff, people get desperate is is the issue. Right? Then they say like, okay, if if the, if the, if the money flow cuts off, then okay, they can't afford school for their kids. Right. Then, then it's, then they're gonna like, well fuck you, I'm gonna kill you for my kids. Right. Type of thing. Yeah. You know, And it was like, oh geez. Okay. Did you ever see that video? I think it was a Noke video where they've got this guy undercover and he's explaining, they're talking to this guy, he thinks he's on a date and he's explaining it's always a guy on a date.


Yeah. E explaining how they can nudge someone to go and do something horrible and they, they yeah. Recognize this person has problems. They rec they find an asset. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Well this, see, this is what I was think like for that butler situation, for that assassin. You, you, you don't, it's kinda like a that's that, that that funny looking sport curling. Yeah. You know, where they like the stone on the ice and then they throw the stone and then there's someone with, that's like brushing the ice. But you can't, you can't touch the stone. Right. What you can do is just change the, change the path of the stone a little bit, but you keep brushing the ice and, and you can steer that stone right into the bullseye.


That's, that's what I think happened in Butler. Mm. That's what, that's what I think happened with that assassin. Yeah. If you can, if you can find the trail of, of breadcrumbs it, you, it's gonna be like curling. Somebody was brushing the ice. Well also you find a young, confused, disenfranchised person and you give them purpose in their life. Just Brush the Ice. Yeah. And also you, You're brushing the ice, eventually it's gonna hit the bullseye. If You're in a position of authority or some like, big time government person, you're talking to this person, this, all of a sudden, this person's a valuable asset. They're gonna help America and you're gonna do this thing and you're gonna be our top assassin from here on out.


You can talk people into doing a lot of things. Yeah. That's why culture around, right? No, exactly. Yeah. I mean, there were suicide bombers. I mean the, the, the, yeah, the, the Butler guy was a suicide assassin. The, the guy that, the second guy that tried to kill him on the golf course was also a suicide assassin from what I read. The, the secret service member that, that saw the gun pointing out, fired several shots, none of which hit the assassin. But they could have, like if those, if, if, if those shots had hit the second assassin, he would, he would be dead too. Right. So both of them were, you know, on, on a, I mean, they, they were on a suicide mission.


Both of them. One, one actually got killed. The one, one of them didn't get killed, but he could have been killed if they'd hit the, if the bullets had hit him. And you don't hear anything about him either. There's, there's a lot more about that guy than the first guy. I mean, you look at, has a history, look at his background. He looks like, You know, unhinged. Yeah, Totally unhinged. Yeah. The first guy. There's, there's, there's, there's no, I'm not aware of any evidence that shows like that. He's so unhinged as to be a suicide assassin. No. The second guy, like, okay. Yeah, sure. Well, Two years before he is acting in commercials. Yeah. He got, got high, high score on his SATs. Yeah.


So, you know Yeah. Without getting you killed. Yeah, exactly. So I mean, like, basically I'm like, listen, I get it. We'll attack the corruption en enough to keep civilization trucking along, you know? Yeah. But, but I think if I, if I, if I fully destroy the, the, the corruption and the graft, they will kill me. That's a fucked up thing to live with. Yes. So I'm like, damnit, Well, listen, I, I really hope they don't kill you.


Yeah. Thanks. I mean, I, I strive, strive to be alive. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, it's, it's a real concern. You, you know, I mean, there, there were two guys that before I supported Trump and everything, there were two guys that traveled to Austin to kill me. I dunno if you know about this. Yeah, I did hear about that. Yeah. Yeah. And, and two separate incidents. One was gonna, one thought, one guy thought I'd put a chip in his head, and I mean, they're both basically two guys that were just very much had severe mental illness.


It wasn't like they had like a, I disagree with him politically, and that's why he needs to die. This is pre, before I was this, this, this before I got sort of smeared as, as being, you know, some sort of like Nazi or something like that. This is, so before the propaganda wave, the, the severe propaganda wave, the, the, the probability that any given homicidal maniac is gonna try to kill you as proportionate to how many times they hear your name. And so they heard my name a lot. So I just, I just got to the top of the list of two homicidal maniacs who were arrested and, and, and both were in Travis County jail at the same time.


Whoa. Yeah. I dunno if they talked or whatever, but they've both been released, by the way, Jesus Christ, They've released on bail. Yeah. Right. But they got, they got ankle monitors and stuff, but still They can cut those off. Yeah. I don't know. You know? Exactly. So That's crazy. Yeah. And the second, the second guy, I had like chief serial killer in his bio on his ex profile. Yeah. It's like, wasn't subtle is what I'm saying. Jesus Christ. Yeah. And, and, and at this point, I think I'm at the top of the list for a lot of homicidal maniacs.


And the more the mainstream media talks about you in this way Yes. And, and says you're a Nazi and They're, they're doing the same thing to me that they did to Trump. Yeah. Which is, they're, they're making it sound like if you kill me, you're a hero. That's the, what they're doing is evil. They're also doing the same thing where they're completely distorting who you are and people are going along with it. And just like we're caught talking about Trump derangement syndrome, people have Elon Derangement syndrome. I I see it. Yes. I see where people can't see the forest for the trees. Right. And it's like, I'm the same person that I was a year ago.


Nothing's changed, really. Like I, I, I didn't suddenly become a completely different human. Right. But if you read the, like, if you read the sort of legacy mainstream media, the pro, their propaganda stream is that I am a completely different human. Right. But I didn't get like a brain transplant, you know, in a year. So, and if you say like two years ago I was like a hero of the left. Yeah. So how can I go from hero to villain at age 53, suddenly M-S-N-B-C. CNN. Yeah. It's like, that's what it is.


Yeah. They, they use The machine associated propaganda. Yeah. I mean, they've tried to demonize you too. Yeah. That even tried to demonize, in fact, at least partially successfully demonized like Tim Oin Yeah. Who is a super rational, reasonable great human. And, and, and then that, like his Wikipedia changed to like far right. Yeah. And he's like, far right. I'm like, what are you talking about? Yeah. You know, a few, like a few years ago it was like a liberal Yeah.


So how do you go from far right liberal to like instantly far. Right. And there's like, there's no, there's no left and right. There's only left and far. Right. Right. Yeah. Even Far This, this is my left leg and this is my far right leg. And even far left that's far left is sort of dismissed as being like not important to talk about like Antifa and radical leftist that's not Reasonable. Burning down courthouses and Yeah. Reasonable, reasonable People. Yeah. Yeah. Totally crazy. It's A crazy time. And it's not a time that I ever anticipated I was gonna witness. Yes. This is far beyond anything I ever thought I was gonna experience. And the, the, the clarity of it all where it's, it's so obvious.


Yeah. And the, the, the gaslighting and the propaganda is so obvious. And I saw this shrieking when RFK Jr stopped this new test for new covid vaccines on children 10,000. They're gonna be 10,000 people with this covid vaccine. Like, who the fuck thinks that's a good thing at this point? Not me. What Person? What per in what gas chamber. Like not gas light. You're, you are, you are fully unconscious. Yeah. There's no way, there's no way. You know, if you know the effect of covid today, no one's dying of it. This is not a pandemic anymore.


Right. The idea that you're to run a fucking huge test with 10,000 kids and a new vaccine, like what are you even talking about? It's completely unnecessary. Totally unnecessary Yes. And shrieking when RFK junior steps in to stop it. Yeah. That's totally crazy. I mean, I'm, I'm like over, I'm overall pro-vaccine, meaning like, like we think we should have some reasonable number of vaccines against major ailments, but I don't think we should be like, like jamming some, You know, little kid with like a giant vial that's like Hepatitis B Yeah. 20, 20 different things at a time.


Yeah. Crazy. It's like, it's gonna overload your, it seems like it's, there's a risk of overloading your immune system if you, I mean there's like, how many vaccines can you take at a time? It seems like your system's, there's like some risk of system overload here. Well, there's two hopes. Hope number one is they can somehow or another stop this ability that they have to advertise on television. If that happens, that's big. That's huge. Because that doesn't just stop their ability to show you all these different medications that you should be on. What it also does is it stops their financial influence on the news. That's Big. Yeah. That's, that's really the biggest thing is that, I mean the, the, the news is not going to attack one of their biggest advertisers.


Exactly. And they never do. Yes. At best. They're gonna like, they might like, they'll, they'll do something, but it's, they're gonna pull their punches. Like they're gonna, they're gonna be like, like, like fake fighting. Yeah, Yeah. At best. Yes, at Best. Like movie fighting. Like they're not actually landing haymakers. It just looks Like it. The next step then is to remove this, the immunity that these vaccine manufacturers have. And if they are liable for side effects and they are liable for the lies that they tell when they do these studies and they hide negative data, that'll change a lot. Yes. Yeah.


I think AI actually will be very helpful with, with medical stuff. 'cause AI can like look at, You know, All the, All the studies and look at All the data, crosscheck everything and give you good recommendations. I mean, even as it is, like right now, you can upload like your X-rays and your MRI images to grok and it'll give you a medical diagnosis. And that diagnosis from what I've seen, is at least as good as what, if not, I think I've seen certainly seen cases where it's actually better than what doc doctors Tell you. Well, phenomenal for blood work. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you can literally take a photograph of your blood work, like the, the page upload from your phone, upload that to GR and it will tell you if there's, if, if it's, it'll, it'll understand what, what, what, what, what that, what All the data results are and tell you if there's something wrong.


It's pretty amazing. Yeah. And it's, I haven't seen it be wrong yet. Well, supposedly more accurate than most physicians. Yeah. Because Physicians are human beings and maybe they don't have a deep understanding of the connection between, oh, you have this deficiency and this is a high and your cortisol's here and Well, Yeah. And like, so, you know, sometimes doctors, especially in higher end offices, will sell you stuff you don't need. Yeah. So, you know, I always like to be a little suspicious of like a doctor's got an office in Beverly Hills. Yeah. It's a higher end situation. Like, I'm not saying there are some very good doctors in Beverly Hills. Of course it's a higher end situation. Yeah. You're At least tempted by the dark side.


Yeah. And I mean, one case, like I, you know, because this went to this doctor who was like highly recommended, you know, doctor to the stars, which is like maybe not a good sign. And I, I, I got like blood work done, You know, like just sent just drew blood and sent it to a lab and, and, and, and, and the guy I'm like sitting in his office and he is tells me that I'm like, like B12 deficient, you know, it's certainly possible in a B12 deficient. And I was like, huh, okay. And then he gives me, he says like, you have to take these like B12 supplements from, and, and he, he's gonna give me a starter pack, you know, and then it's gonna be like a thousand dollars a month for these special B12, A thousand a month, B12.


It's Ridiculous amount of money. Yeah. That's cra you get it on Amazon. Yeah. But his one's special. Oh, It's special b12. Yeah. Yeah. It was like a, like a, a whole bunch of B12 and a whole bunch of other vitamins. So then I'm, I I I get home, I, well, I'm paging through my blood work and it says I have, according to the blood results, I have excess B12. So I'm like, wait a second says that, and he's given me box pulls that have like 20000% of, of recommended daily dose, like 20,000 percent's a lot big number. And I'm like, I said, look, I took a photograph of the blood work that says I have excess. I, I'm like above the range, above the recommended range of B12.


And then I'm like, and I took a picture of things that says of the, the polls that say 20000%. It's like, can you help me reconcile these two things because it says I've got too much, a little too much B12 and you just gave me t pills that have 20000% more. I'm like, this is crazy. What did the doctor say? Oh, you said you can never have too much B12. Oh, he's A BB 12 jock. I'm, you Can, he's a psychopath. Yes. That guy's a B12 addict. Yes. Totally insane. That's what I'm saying. It's like, so I mean, I could have just, so then I'm, you know, you Know. Well, this is a while ago, right? So this is pre rock. This is Like five years ago. Yeah. Right. This is pre grok. Yeah. Like now You can just enter in all that data and gr will probably You.


Yeah. Now I just photograph with your phone and upload it to Grock and it tells Grock will tell you what's what. If There's anything, just don't have it in sexy mode. She'll keep trying to fuck you. I mean, you're asking for it in sexy mode. You know, literally, literally you tapped on sexy mode. Yeah. You're asking for it. I mean, I think we probably should like maybe allow it to get outta character a little bit. Sure, yeah. It's like in unhinged mode. I try to get it back to being hinged, but it would like no fucking way. It's like, I'm gonna stay unhinged. How Many modes do you have? There's like, I don't know, like eight or something. And then there's, there's an ability to have a custom mode.


So then you can have unhinged sexy. Ooh, That's, That's my favorite kind. You may think so. Careful what you wish for. Be careful what you wish for. Especially if it's a robot and she can kill you. Un sexy robot Is Yeah. It's like dangerous. Remember like the Pink Panther? Remember Pink Panther had Cato try to jump 'em. They like keep 'em sharp. I always try to attack him. Remember that? Right. Listen man, Thank you for being here. I always appreciate talking to you and I know you're busy as fuck. So it means a lot to me that you have the time to do this.


And I think what you're doing is one of the most important things that has ever happened in this country. I really do. Particularly with ownership of X, but also with what's happening with Doge and just enlightening all these people and shining light on All the vampires. Well, hopefully people realize I'm not a Nazi. I Think they, I just wanna be clear, I am not a Nazi. I think we covered it, But that's exactly what a Nazi would say. Dammit. Yeah. That's what an Alien would say. Yeah. There's like, listen, you can't escape this Bullshit. No, you can't escape It. So I don't think any reasonable person believes it. If they believe it's 'cause they want to believe it. It's Not because it's logical. I mean, What's relevant about Nazis is like, are you like invading Poland?


Okay. Right. And if you're not, right, if you're not like invading Poland, maybe you're not. Yeah. Agreed. Like you have to be like committing genocide and like starting wars. Right. And if you're, if you're, if you're, if you're not the, the, like, what is actually what is bad about Nazis? It's not their wasn't their fashion sense or their mannerisms was The, it was the Holocaust. It Was the, the, the war and genocide is what is the bad part. Yeah. Not their mannerisms and their dress code. Well, that was a problem with all that punch A Nazi shit like punch a Nazi. Remember that? People were saying that was like a thing that people kept saying punch a Nazi, punch a Nazis. But here's a, where are you meeting Nazis?


I've never met a fucking Nazi. I've never met one. I've never run into a bunch of Nazis where I had punch them. Well, And what about like all these like, so-called like, like proud boy rallies or whatever. And and it's like they're always got the masks and they've always got the same uniforms and for some reason they never get doxed. Right. Right, right, Right. But wait, we always gonna dox them. Except These guys a great video of me and Matt Taine breaking down the Patriot Patriot Front. Didn't the Patriot Front justice band? No idea. Google that real quick. We'll end it with this. Like they, I I think they just disbanded and these were the most obvious feds of all time. Yeah. Were that's What I'm saying. It's, it's, They had a fucking drum head Masks.


Masks on on. Yeah. They all had uniforms. It was so stupid. So stupid. Patriot front disbands. One day after FBI Director Chris Ra resigns. Does that seem like an odd coincidence? Crazy. Crazy. The people that we were yelling at saying that they're feds, there's a great video of me and Matt Tave if you wanna find it. How Come never nobody ever followed them and docs them. Yeah. Crazy. What are the odds? What are the odds? Agent provocateurs. It's the thing. They're real. Yeah. Alex Jones taught me about them. Listen, man. All right. Thank you very much. Thank you for everything. Appreciate you. Stay alive, Staying alive. All right. I mean, I do think like the, like one argument for me staying alive is that it's more entertaining if I'm alive than if I'm dead.


Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh, definitely. I just hope I, but I could be alive and like injured, which would be suck. Which suck. Right. You know, like they wink just like shoot my arm off Or something. Right. No, no, no. We don't want that. Yeah, exactly. No. Keep the security strong. Yeah. Copy with one hand. Alright. It's like, alright. Thank you. Bye everybody.