
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for doing this. This is a huge honor for me. I'm a giant fan forever, like, since I was a kid, so, Well, are we going? We started, yeah. We're, we're live. So for me meeting, there's certain people I meet where it's like, whoa. Okay. And you're those, you're one of those Well, I have a very different experience. I only know about you. What I've heard. I've never heard your show. I had to ask you, are you Joe? 'cause I perfect. I I somehow I knew you were like into fitness and everyone out there seems to be a weightlifter in you're Yeah.


In you're outer. Even Danielle seems like she's, she did lower body today. But it's so, it's, it's, it's nice to meet you. And people are are alternate. Are, You know, some people are very, very excited that I've gotten, gotten come down here to, to be on your show. So. Well, you're an interesting guy. Other people are concerned for me. Oh, really? Are they legitimately? I don't know. I don't know if it's the, I don't know why it's the weightlifter thing. 'cause I have no, I have no predisposed. I have no premonitions. But, but when I walk in here and I see, I gotta look at that. What is that green mirror? Oh, that's the local racetrack. That's the circuit of the Americas where Formula One races.


Okay. It's my friend's place. So he gave me that. Okay. Yeah. I walked in, I saw all these Hunter Thompson things. I felt automatically like, okay, well this guy can't be a complete disaster. And then I walked down the hall and there's Hunter wearing a hat that I gave him. Oh, That hat with, with the gun. Yeah. The one where he is in a cockpit, it looks like. Yeah. That's gave You gave hair hat. Oh wow. That's dog hair. It's Made outta dog hair. Yeah. Whoa. And he got such a kick out of it, because when it rains on you or snows on you, like it would in, in Woody Creek, you come in the house and you smell like a wet dog. And he loved like, doing that to people. The people go, what in the hell?


Like, oh my, my dog. You know? That's the dog right there. Yeah. Oh, so this is, are you filming this too? This is, yeah. Whatever you do. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, there he is. There's that dog head. It's got the head like big, like tie things. You could tie it under your chin if it was What Year was this? This is I, oh wow. Look at that one. Woo. Lawyers, guns and Money. Jesus. Those are, those are later ones. Yeah. He Didn't Have scopes for a long time. That was, He Had hearing protection then too. He was learning 86. Well, no, no.


We're all something about maybe What that one there is 86 with the dog. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably, yeah, it was earlier. Blind, blind bat. Where's that? That's funny. It's a, a rep. It's a historic piece, I guess. When did you meet him? I met him. Lemme drink your magic coffee here. Whose coffee is this? Larry. Larry Hamilton's Magic Laird Hamilton Superfoods. I met him, it was one of those years, maybe it was after my first real year on Saturday Night Live. Maybe it was 1977, like the spring summer of 77.


I was asked by Lorne Michaels the producer of Saturday Night Live, if I would, I had to go to, I, our season was head ended. I'd gone to California and he asked if I would drive his Volkswagen convertible bug back cross country for him. I was like, yeah, sure. Well, you know, a week or two later I was like, where's my car? I'm like, you didn't gimme a time limit. You know? So I visited people on the way. So I made some stops. I never, I visited my friend John Thompson in Reno, biggest little city in the world. And we were, you know, threw our cups out the roof and stuff like that. Had a, had a really nice time there. And then I wanted to go to Aspen. I'd never been to Aspen before. And so I went to Aspen and stayed at the Jerome Hotel.


I can talk like this. 'cause this show is like endless, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So went to the Jerome Hotel, which was like the place to go back then. And it was off season, which is the best time of year to go to any resort town is like when All the tourists are gone. And the citizens regained control of their town for a while. Yeah. So the Jerome Hotel, which would've been full of like knucklehead skiers from anywhere, was only full of like, the people that worked the town and lived in the town. And they took over the bar and they took over the swimming pool, which was outside. So that's, I was there And it was just, I remember being there and they were like beautiful girls and this really funny guy.


And I didn't know who he was. And we just had the most fun, you know, making girls laugh. That's kind of what, you know, may or may not have been the reason I was brought here. But, You know, that's, so we just had the most fun doing it. And then we had this sort of episode where, You know, we, we did an escape act And it was, it had, you know, consequences you may have. We started talking about an escape act, underwater escape act. And I felt like I could do it. He, you really think you could escape underwater? Oh, no. And I said, yeah, I think I could do it. I think I could do it. 'cause you just, I, so we agreed to, I agreed to be, be a subject.


And you have to know, I did not know who this guy was. I just thought he was like a funny guy, you know? So, and we were like showing off for girls and stuff and being stupid. And it was fun. We were just having fun. So I was tied with socks to a, a lawn chair and, and lowered into the pool. But just before we went, I said, Hey, just in case I want to take a breath while I'm untying my sock knots, I would move me over here to where it's like six feet. You know? So if I have to stand up, You know? Right. You're not gonna jump. I can get, take a breath and go back down and continue my un untying. You know.


So I went in And, you know, I was untying and I could tie some knots, You know, even with socks. So after a little bit, I thought earlier I was like, you know, maybe I'll just take a quick breath and go back down. Well, I stood up. Well try it Joe. Tie lash yourself to a chair and try to stand up. Yeah. It's hard. Well, well, I'm, I'm a little over six feet, but if you're tied to a chair, you don't get to fully extend Right. Your calves. Any, any more than that. So, tied to a chair, I'm only like five. You couldn't get outta line five eight Or something like that. Yeah. And I just, it was funny to see like that camera shot of like, there are people up there and I can't reach them or speak to them because I'm still underwater.


So that's when I started to work more fervishly on the, no, feverishly on the, on the knots. And I kind of was going, Hey, hey, You know, this is, yeah, I, You know, I'm, I'm kind leaning with my head, like, push me down to five feet instead of six feet, you know? So, but he was strong enough and because I was boying in the water, he just picked up the chair out of the water. So I, I I, I lived through it. Whew. But it was, it was a funny way to meet someone. And the next day I found out that this was a Hunter s Thompson. He never asked of his name. No, he never asked me my name. I don't know that he knew who I was either. You know, I, I think he thought I was just a funny guy.


And we were kind of like holding court and being funny.


Everything starts with good health. That's why AG one is a great addition to any morning routine and why I've partnered with them for so long. One scoop once a day, simple research backed and designed to support your whole body health. And it actually tastes great. You can forget juggling multiple pills and supplements. A G one is a more in one solution that combines a multivitamin superior B complex, a blend of superfoods. And more and more importantly, AG one prioritizes using nutrients that are already in their bioactive form. So your body can use them easily. Just mix it with cold water and you're set no hassle, no guesswork. It's never too late to create a new healthy habit for 2025. So try ag one for yourself. And right now, AG one is offering new customers a free $76 gift. When you subscribe, you'll get a welcome kit, a bottle of D three K two, and five free travel packs in your first box. So make sure you check out drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan. That's drink ag one.com/ Joe Rogan. Check it out.


Well, that must be fun for you though. Like it's, I enjoy when people don't know who I am. Like it's very rare for you. Yeah. It's preferable. Yeah. It's not But you, you have figured out this way of navigating life where, like, you're not a cell phone guy. You probably don't even have email, do you? No, I have them. I have these things now. But if you have children, you have to have a, you have to get a cell phone. Right. Because they will not answer a telephone, but they will answer a text. So That's right. I had to break down. Yeah. But you've managed to stay blissfully detached in some sort of way. Yeah. My email is aol.com. Is it really? Yeah. So that's, that's, that was my concession to it.


But One of my favorite things you did with Hunter was when it was a feeling of some sort of a documentary or something, or it was in a documentary. The footage is, and you're going around trying to convince people that Nixon got a bad rap. Yeah, yeah. That was good. We were trying to write, we were trying to write something funny. I was with my friend Dick Ucci on that one, and I can't remember, they're like two or three of us that were trying to write this thing. And we rented a, like a clea light, you know, like a big Hollywood premier, kind of one of those giant lights that they flash up in the sky, you know, you don't even see 'em very much anymore. But, and we were just outside the Chateau Marmont where Hunter had a room at that moment. And, and we were doing, we were excited.


'cause Nixon's back, you know, and we were interviewing alleged people on the street, men on the street saying, what do, what do you think about this? Because it was after Watergate and Nixon had basically bro down, and, and Hunter had a, like, a powerful hatred of, of Nixon really didn't like Nixon, Of course, bud. I just remember Dick blotchy saying, well, I'm excited. He's tanned, he's rested and he's ready. I still, I still say it All the time. I just, I say it about myself All the time because I think it's funny. How are you, bill? I'm tanned, I'm rested and I'm ready. But saying it about Richard Nixon, I thought was a really brilliant thing to say. Well, Actually that it became a common phrase.


Yeah. Like, people use it All the time to this day, probably not even knowing the origin. That's Right. Yeah. And then stick pla who did it. And, and we, we, we weren't there for like 45 minutes before. Like I work in the industry and I know you have to have a permit to Have that light on. I mean, there were people, they came at us. We were, we were outgoing, concerned for about one hour tops. And that was with like professional argumentative people like Hunter, myself, going, that is a fabulous watch you're wearing. Where'd you get that? You know, just, just anything to keep this thing going and to keep the, the cameras rolling on our so stuff, but, and demands.


But yeah, that's, that was one of the things I had a lot of fun with the guy really. He, he really was a lot of fun. He really could make a lot of fun. I really wish I met him. He's one of those people that, God, I just really wish I met Him. Well, You can still read it, You know? Oh yeah. I, there's still so much more stuff that I didn't, hadn't even read then. It just keeps appearing. There are things are so beautiful that he wrote that, that are good. And, you know, people text me things and say, you know, about what, what's going on? How depression he was about things, You know, a long time ago. Yeah. Dead on about so many things. I mean, you could take a lot of his commentary on politics from 1976 and apply it easily to today.


You know, fear and Loathing on the Campaign trail is one of the best books ever on the American political system. Just like what it's like when people are running For office. I agree. Yeah. It's a, to me it's a better book than Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, which is, is really fun. But yeah, the campaign trail book is so insightful about America and, and about Americans, you know? Yeah. It's great reading. No, The movie was fun. Fear and Loathing was fun. It was just a, it was a great introduction to a lot of people maybe that weren't aware of Hunter. Like maybe then you'll start reading his, his stuff. But it's, it wasn't all, you know, chaos and acid and seeing lizard people in the, in the bar. It was there, there was like, even, there's moments in Fear and Loathing the movie where, You know, he, there's this one thing where Johnny Depp is at the typewriter, or is that in the movie?


Or is that in the documentary? I don't know Exactly where Is that the typewriter? He is talking about how the 1960s there was this great wave of change and then Yeah. Yeah. The high watermark. You can see it on the mountains. It's a beautiful, beautiful Piece of writing. Oh my God. Yeah. It's amazing. Yeah. It's, and when Johnny Depp is saying the way he's saying it, yeah. It's like, it's so beautiful and melodic. Yeah. Why, why don't you, Jamie, why don't you see if you can find it. It's, it's about the most famous, it's the most famous line. The road Five years. Let's Take this. It's beautiful. Sure. Go ahead. Six, Grab the headphones. Let's take This out. Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas. Has it been five years?


Six, it seems like a lifetime, the kind of peak that never comes again. San Francisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of. But no explanation, no mix of words or music or memories can touch that sense of knowing that you were there and alive in that corner of time in the world, whatever it meant, there was madness in any direction.


At any hour, you could strike sparks anywhere. There was a fantastic universal sense that wherever we were doing was right. That we were winning. And that, I think was the handle that sense of inevitable victory over the forces of old and evil. Not in any mean or military sense. We didn't need that. Our energy would simply prevail. We had All the momentum. We were riding the crest of a high and beautiful wave. So now less than five years later, you can go up on a steep hill in Las Vegas and look West.


And with the right kind of eyes, you can almost see the high watermark, that place where the wave finally broke and rolled back. God Damn. That's good. Yeah. I mean, that is just an amazing piece of writing that's so perfectly captured, that very strange moment in time where the anti-war, the, the peace love movement just got drowned out by the Nixon administration Is a beautiful piece. It it glistens your eyes to see it.


Yeah. You know, not just the thinking of Hunter and the words that he said, but seeing Johnny and, and how close Johnny and Hunter became, how, how much they loved each other and how much they, they shared with each other. It's really a beautiful piece. Thank you. Yeah. It is a beautiful piece. And it's, it's just so fucking perfect. It just perfectly Yeah. He got it. He really got it. Yeah. It just encapsulates that, that time, you know, and it's just, thank God there was a guy like him around to document it from that perspective to, to like, to give you this like insight. And that the way he did it with Gonzo journalism, where he just would have real facts mixed in with fiction.


You couldn't tell what was what, and you had to be in on it to understand what he was doing. Yeah. You had to enter the event Yeah. To, to comment on it. You had to be a part of it. Yeah. Yeah. You played him. I did play him. Yeah. We, we were talking about it before. I loved it. Right. Were the Buffalo room. Yeah. Were the Buffalo room. Was that weird to play your friend? It was a lot of responsibility. I, Yeah. I mean, it was, any actor that has to play either a living person, especially a living person or a a a famous person has a real responsibility to, to that person. You know, you can't just be that person for 90 minutes.


You have to realize that person was that person for 60 some odd years, or 70 or however many years a person was. You've gotta try to get all that into your hour and a half or two hours. You've gotta try to take in as much as You can so you're not lying. You know, at least you're given the best you can to say, this is who I think he was. This is who I think that person was. She was, he was Do did you run any of it by him? Did you try to talk to him as him? Well, he was living in the guest house. So you were around him All the time? Yeah. So I would go to work and I would come home and then we would stay up and sort of just an hour or so before maybe an hour and a half before, two hours before Dawn, he'd have a, a NyQuil and Scotch in a, in a hot tub and then go to sleep.


And then I had to get about 90 minutes. And then the teamster was knocking on the window saying, bill be, and then I'd have to go to work. So that's what it was like while we were shooting a movie. Wow. Yeah. And he appears in the movie briefly. He appears in the movie briefly. I can't remember all of it, but he appears in the movie briefly. And we did together, we wrote a scene. We, I was always constantly changing. John, John k wrote the script, but I was always playing with it. And it, because I was always being informed more, you know, and I, that's what I did anyway. I just pretty much, you know, I felt the freedom to change anything.


But we did write a scene, hunter and I wrote a scene late that was late in the movie. Pardon me. They gave me these beautiful, massive things. Cough drops. Yeah. Want One? No, Thank you. Yeah. So he was in on a lot of it and, and the, and the, and the, and the editing of it. You know, we, we can secretly say that too. And, and the, and the, you know, it was a lot of, there was a lot. He was really involved. Very nice. So, good Shot.


This episode is brought to you by my friends at Black Rifle Coffee. That's all I drink, folks. If you see me drinking coffee in the studio, it's Black Rifle Coffee. It's 'cause my friend Evan Fer, who owns the company, I love him to death and they make the best coffee in the world. They put together the best energy drink in America made with 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine, low calories and absolutely zero sugar. It's available in four new delicious flavors. Project Mango Ranger Berry Freedom Punch and White Frost Veteran founded and veteran led. Each black rifle coffee purchase you make helps them give back to those who serve our nation. Shop now@blackriflecoffee.com slash Joe Rogan with the code Rogan for 30% off. Or visit your local grocery and convenience stores, black Rifle Coffee, America's Coffee.


So you're saying he wrote a scene, you guys wrote a Scene together? Yeah, we wrote a scene together. Yeah. Which was encountering Nixon in a, in a urinal. 'cause he did have a moment with Nixon. Yes. Where Yes. Probably in the Limo, remember? Yeah. Yeah. And he was told he could not speak politics. They could only talk NFL football. Yeah. Which Nixon was rather, you know, knowledgeable about, you know. Yeah. And Hunter cop to was like, yeah, the guy really studied it. And, and George Allen, he, he, it's in the book, you know. But yeah, he, even Nixon even wrote a, designed a play that he gave to George Allen, who was the coach of the Washington Redskins back then. And it was like, it was a, they lost like 10 yards or something on the play, but Alan actually played, ran the play.


Nixon's play. Wow. Yeah. That's crazy. It's just also insane that they would let Hunter get in a limousine with the president. Like just that alone. Like who, you know, who greenlit that? Who thought that was a good idea? Well, He was, he'd been on the, I mean he was on the campaign trail. Sure. He also, for whatever he was the people who knew And you know, like secret service guys, you ever run into 'em? They like read people for a living. This is what they do. You know, they read people, they, they can really burn a hole through your head Sure. And your body just looking at you. Yeah. And they'll, they'll, they'll give you this one. You know, they'll just really burn you.


And you know, he'd been on the tour, the tour, he'd been on the, on the road with them. They knew who he was. They knew what he was after hours. And they knew what he was during hours. Where the people who were really smart knew, this guy's really smart, this guy's really smart. He knows politics and you can't try to dumb down, you can't try to like big time him 'cause he'll kill you. He'll chop you. He's, he's got the words to answer and he has the intelligence. So he was, he was a force. People knew who he was. You know, even the, you know, to get information, you gotta go into the people who work for the guy. You know, he, so the people that work for the guy know who he is and they've already established that they have a relationship with him.


They can speak with him. He's talking a certain way. There's a reality check. You know, if you're running someone's political campaign, you have the best jokes about the campaign. You know, not Hunter Thompson maybe, but Right, right. But you have the best jokes 'cause you've seen it all. Right. You know how stupid things get and, And you know, if you can be realistic and savvy about those things and then people trust, you know, well, You know, it's still pretty extraordinary that they also got him to agree, or at least thought he would agree that he would only talk about football. Well, he knew if he blew it. Right. That was it. That's true. And that was gonna be the end of it. And it was only, you know, I don't know what month it was, but There's more coffee in this, Billy. Oh, is that your stuff? No, that's everybody's.


That's okay. Well, I just, we'll try to finish all Off it. I don't have hot, I just feel like yours is probably been For a while. It doesn't to be super, I keep coffee for days. I hear at least, at least two days. If it's not hot, it's got ice in it. You just keep drinking it. I just keep drinking it. Yeah. That smells good. What kind is that Black rifle coffee? Where's that come from? It's a American company, veteran owned company that made by real coffee nuts that travel around the world and find different blends and different, It smells good. It goods a very of coffee. You can itt smell excellent's Very good coffee. Yeah. It's just that, that meeting in the limousine is like one of my favorite meetings because it just, you could feel how weird it must have been for Hunter to be sitting in a limo getting a ride with Nixon and they're just talking about football and then they can find common ground.


Well, it's like, this is happening. This has been happening in my life anyway. And, and I'm sure it's happening in everyone's life for the last gotta be 10 years where you meet people. We have something in common. We've gotta we've gotta something we gotta get done, You know? But if we talk politics, we're leaving the rails, you know? Right. All hell's gonna, you know, we're, we're not gonna get along. We're not gonna get anything done. We're never gonna be friends and, And you know, it could get be worse than that. We could be, we could, you know, be adversaries or even enemies or Right. You know, so that, I mean it's, you mentioned it, it's like I go places where, And you know, I'm sure you do too, where you just can't talk, you just don't wanna talk politics with people.


'cause there are people that are, you know, whose politics can be the exact opposite of yours completely 12 to six. And yet there are people that have lived lives that are so extraordinary and so enormous in terms of what they give to the world and the planet. And you think, well, how, you know, why would I like ever want to get how do, it's, it's a mystery. You know, it's kind of a mystery, but it's, if you don't like value that first instead of your kind of political Right. You know, handkerchief, you know, you're, you're making more of a mess. You know, that's kind what's, you know, that's, that's what I feel a lot about what's going on in anywhere.


Yeah. Everywhere. You know, that people are leading with their, their handkerchief and not their not with their whole self. You know, what they understand about what living is. I agree a hundred percent. I think that we're just too tribally divided. And people look at it like it's us versus them. They en enjoy the comfort of being a part of a tribe. They lock onto whatever ideologies, the tribe support, and then anybody who opposes that is somehow or another the enemy. And it's just a, it's a division tactic that's been used by the people that actually run the government, the actual world itself. The real people of this world, especially the people of this country, have mostly share the same common core needs.


You want to be healthy, you want to have a good family. You want to be able to make a living. You want to live in a safe place. You want your kids to be able to go to a good school. You want everybody to prosper and have a good time. Right. That's most of what life is. All this other shit that people get. So God damn caught up in most of it has very little to do with you and you get locked into it. Like it's 100% of your identity. And the next thing you know, anybody who opposes you is Hitler. And it, it just gets It. That's True. It gets so toxic. His name gets mani about a lot lately, doesn't it? Yeah, it's a good one. You know what? But you sort started it by saying, by bringing up that quotation of hunters, which is so, and, and I think about that All the time.


I, I, I, I can not, but I think about it regularly. Like what was that, that force that that movement had, that anti-war movement, whatever that was, you know, it wasn't perfect, you know, it wasn't perfect. I think the thing that if, if, if I had to regret anything or anyone regrets anything about it, was the sort of hostility that was shown towards the actual servicemen. Right. Most of whom were drafted. Right. You know, right. To fight, you know, so that those service people had an experience that I will never have. I was in a military movie that's as good as it ever got for me. But there's, the thing about being in war together with people is everybody hates war.


And who could hate it more than someone that was there? Right. But the sort of camaraderie that you had is an experience. I'll never have that, I'll never have that thing that, you know, Rambo had, you know? Right. I'll never have that thing. And I don't think that I, I I think that the sort of, there could have been more vision about who's who we're talking to or who, who we're talking to about whatever kind of change you wanna make. And so that the agents of it are not necessarily the architects, like you say. Right. The people who are making this tribal thing, they're not the agents of it, you know? Right. They're the architects of it. And it's, and how, how do you, how do you jump over or how do you, you know, you know, excuse or not, excuse isn't the word, but how do you Unite Miss the people that are the agents who are just people that have a job or whatever it is.


They're, they're, they're doing their work to survive and live, whatever it is. How do you get to the architects with whatever you feel is, is that a, what, what could be a shared experience and get them to like sort of dissolve the creation of the tri tribal moral? I think it's, it's, you you asked a great question. You know, you have people on here, I guess that know, you know, or think about those things and have the ability to do something about it. I don't think I have the ability to do anything more than something for myself. Mostly, you know, it's just to, But you do because you have the ability to express yourself and you're an example. And a lot of times when someone's a very reasonable, intelligent person like you, and you express yourself, other people get inspired to maybe reexamine the way they're looking at things.


Well that's, I, that's a nice hope. I hope that maybe that'll, I think that's it. That'll happen. I think that's maybe one of the only things. Well, right back at you then. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Because Part of our problem in this country is that we're in competition every two years. Every two years you have midterms. That is crazy, Isn't It? Elections every four years. So we're, we don't get a break. No, we don't get a break. We Don't get a break from these people. No, we don't get a break. We don't get a break from division. We don't get a break. We don't get a break from propaganda. We don't get a break from new threats. We don't get a break. It's like every day it's a new thing. And it keeps us completely in this constant state of stress and, and anxiety and also this fear of being overcome.


Like, your side's going to lose. Yeah. I've bad people tonight. Yeah. I'll, I'll, We're gonna lose the Internet. I'm supposed to be on watch Or something. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's very, very stressful. And it's not healthy for human beings to be constantly in a state of competition and stress. It's bad for, and then on top of that, you have, most people are addicted to social media. So you're constantly getting inundated with the worst fucking things in the world all day long. And you're freaking out. It's terrible for you. It's Fucking terrible For you. I mean, that footage made me cry. Now you're gonna make me cry. Yeah. Okay. No, it's, but it's, it's true. It's, I, someone's got a, there has to be some sort of a new, I don't dunno if it has to be a club, but You know, there's gotta be some sort of new, You know, it used to be music.


I think music played such a big part of Yes. Of whatever that movement was. Yes. Whatever you call the peace movement or the Yes. The hippies or Yes. You know, whatever it was, it was a, it was an extraordinary moment in time and the music was part of the, part of the experience and part of the, it brought the message and it sort of, it crashed through everybody's brain, you know? It wasn't, there wasn't a side to it. Right. It's like, what were the soldiers listening to in Vietnam? Jimi Hendrix. Yeah. You know? Yeah. You know, we were all listening to the same stuff no matter where you were. Yeah. No matter where you were, you were listening to the same music no matter what your politic thing was.


The music sort of told a story and sort of said, suggested a possibility. So, And the music was so much different than the music of the past. Yeah. And it was like, you go from 1959 to 1969, you're dealing with a completely different dimension. And it's because it was all psychedelically inspired. And that was another thing that the Nixon administration did. They passed that sweeping schedule. One psychedelics act made everything illegal and just threw water on the whole movement. And then everything changes. Then you have the seventies, music starts getting weird, the eighties, it completely falls apart. Cars start looking like shit. People start dressing stupid. It's Like, now you're talking. Yeah, now you're talking.


It got weird. It's a real language, You know? Yeah. It's like when I, I, I never tied it all to the, the, that, that sweeping thing. But, but when you revisit that, you realize how much herm that did that, that kind of lawmaking. But let's all agree that the cars don't look as good as things. Dave to Dave look okay's. Let's, who is, who are those people that say they're, they're really good problem solvers. I see them every once in a while and then they go like, how does he do it? He said, well, first I say, what can we agree on? Okay. So we can agree that cars don't look so good no more, You know? Well, they look good Now. Used to be that every single year, every single car look different Yes.


Than it looked the year before. Yes. And that's mind boggling nowadays to think about that. And even now with it, the cars are made of, I don't know, plastic. What are they made of? Yeah, they're made of Shit. They're made of nothing. They're not made of steel. They did it with steel back then. Right. And now they're made with, I don't know, some sort of carbon something or other. And you would think they would be able to like, I don't know what a 3D printer is. I have to confess, I have no idea what We actually talked about it yesterday. I have no idea what it, A three, The biggest one's four feet long. The biggest one is four feet long. Yeah, that's what Elon was saying. They're not So, can you make, can you, you can't make giant things Outta this. You can't make anything bigger than Four feet. I don't think so. But I mean, maybe there's some much Car now we're, I mean, if you have a car, yeah.


If you have a fender bender, there's like seven parts that you have to replace now. Yeah. Panels and panels and panels. But that's also because they're better structurally to withstand impact. They have these rumple layers and they're designed in a way that makes it safer for you. They're a lot safer than old cars. And I fucking love Old cars and, and the sound systems are better. Yeah. Let's face it. But new cars look great. New cars are awesome. There's a lot of like, really good looking American cars. A lot of really good looking German cars. What happened in the 1970s and the 1980s was a drop off, let significant drop off from the sixties. The sixties cars were some of the best looking cars of all time. Like a 65 Corvette power, one of the greatest looking cars, the world's Ever design. I was a 62 Corvette guy.


Oh, those are beautiful too. Model one. The first one, generation one. But like, You know, Camaros and Barracuda, like, they made beautiful wild looking cars back then. And I think a lot of that had to do with just the, the, the way creativity was encouraged in the 1960s. It was more free flowing. The music was completely radical and different, politics is radical and different. And that's why they passed those laws. They passed those laws to stop the anti-war movement. It was a civil rights movement and the Anti-war movement. And the guy that put in charge was a man who had absolutely no qualifications, who had no qualifications to do any of it.


No. Yeah. It's kind of a, it's a, I've got a, someone, a friend that's been trying to get me to do a movie about it, but the, the person responsible for making All the laws was someone who had absolutely no background in any of the fields. No knowledge whatsoever. Just a total huckster. Yeah. That got himself out in front. Well, They probably had a mandate. They gave him a mandate. This is what we're gonna do. This is the plan. We're gonna lock up all these hippies And lock Well, I'll carry the flag. I'll carry the flag. You know, whatever it is, you know. Yep. I'll run up the hill. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Well I heard that Buick is gonna make a car and I, this could be wrong, but I heard they're gonna make a car next year.


That's not gonna look like any car ever. It's gonna be like a brand new, whenever the hell. 25 or 26 Buick. And it's not gonna look like the 24 or five. It's gonna look like its own individual thing that they're gonna try to re re to re to commence the idea of making a new car every year. You didn't hear this? No. Like a completely new kind of model. Yeah. Like the idea that you would make a car that looked, didn't look like every, I mean, like you can look at a car and you go like, that's a Volvo. But that part of it looks like a Mercedes. That part of it looks like an infinity. That part of the car looks like, you know, a Toyota that kind of, you know, there there're, it's like you've heard probably the story about the, what's that car called?


The Ford that's gonna animal name Mustang Taurus. Taurus. No, there's a story now. It could be apocryphal. Okay. That the Ford Taurus. You never heard this one? No. I thought you were like, this guy had All the Information. The Taurus is a piece of shit. I don't care about Taurs. Well, the Taurus, yeah. The Taurus is like, it is not the most beautiful car in the world. No, but it was a huge seller for Ford. They sold a lot of 'em. And the story is that these guys at Ford designed a car and they took the rear quarter panel from this automobile, the, the fender from this, the back fender from this, the rear windows from this. And just did a composite of all these different cars and the, and the, and it, because the car was, this car's bullshit and we'll call it the Taurus.


And they presented it to Ford who went, we love it. And then proceeded to sell hundreds of thousands of 'em. And that this is a story like where, where's your phone calls here? Fake call number one. You heard about this? No one's ever heard this story. No. You've never heard This one? No, I've never heard that. No. Well, anyway, that's a story. I believe it makes sense. But you Can believe it if you look at the cars that are, but now that they are absolutely. Like, look at that damn Volvo. It looks exactly like a three year ago Mercedes or something like that. They just really just Steel. And Jamie pull up 2024 Shelby Mustang Supers snake. So there's still Better yet, Jamie, some cars roll it in here.


Just Check, check out what this looks like. There's cars that they make today that are unique looking well and look badass. I wish I'd bought a Shelby back when I first had a paycheck. Oh yeah. They're such beautiful cars. That's, Oh, look at that. Come on. Well That kind of funny, funny, when I first look at it, it looks a little Chevy to me. It does a little bit. It could be like a Camaro. I mean, look at that. That looks like Chevy. I mean, that's a beautiful car though, right? Well, what, You know, that's, you could photograph either of us from a certain Angle. No, no, I've seen that one in real life. That's a beautiful car. Could be. Yeah. That's that's a beautiful car. That's better. Oh, and it sounds amazing, but I'd hate To hit anything with that thing. In what way? I would hate to bump into anything. It looks like I'd have to, Yeah, you'd have to replace a Lot of shit.


Six weeks. That's true. That's reality. See what, can you dig up that picture there? What's, what, what's the rear look like? Oh, it's got a spoiler. Yeah. Come On. You know, I I How do you feel about Spoilers? Fucking badass. That thing looks awesome. That looks amazing. Well, I think the original one is like the super coolest card of all. Oh Yeah. That's crazy. Oh, no doubt. I mean, if you go back and look at like pull up a, a boss 4 29, 19 69 Boss 4 29. This to me is the pinnacle of muscle card design is the boss. 4 29. Like that is just, That's pretty good. Spectacular. Look at that. So what year is, look at that. Come, well that's pretty close. Come, I mean, well that's got that scoop in the front.


Yeah, but that's pretty close to the bullet year, right? The bullet card 68. Yeah. Bullet was 68. I actually have a recreation of that. I was watching it. The, you know, did you, they found the original bullet card. Did you know that? Yes. I was reading About that because I saw it was on TV last week. Yeah. And I've watched it a lot of times that movie. 'cause And you know, I think Steve McQueen's pretty, pretty damn good. But you, when you watch the movie, it's, it's obviously the roaring through San Francisco and all that sort of stuff. It's, it's famous for, and then there's the ending where there's the sort of story ends when a kind of a flaming crash. You know, it's kind of not really kind of an ending in a way, but, but watching it this particular time, it was All the moments in between all that that really make the movie.


Yes. All the quiet in between where he is in the grocery store with the OIDs, the mailbox. He's seeing these people and these people and he has this very quiet inner self that's dealing with people very respectfully. And, and his, his, his blood pressure only moves. The needle only starts to move when he gets with the bad guy Chalmers, who's obviously a, You know, a fraud of some sort. And he is got him, like, he seemed like not just as a, an actor keeping his cool, but as like a cop keeping his cool with like a, a person he knows is trying to use him. And that those, those just watching that part of the performance and that part of the story was much more interesting.


The first from is I saw all that as its own weave through it, you know? Yes. That, that the car stuff had very little to do with what I was getting from the Yes. From the people. The car stuff was nothing. And his boss was a great actor. Simon Oakland, I think his name is, he was great as his boss who said, I'm gonna hold this till Monday morning. You know, that kind of guy. And there was some great acting in that. It's a really beautiful American movie like that. I'm so glad you brought that that up because it, it's, it's one of the things that I love about that movie and Lamont's another great Steve McQueen movie, is that he had these moments and you could do that in a movie back then where no one was talking for minutes and minutes at a time.


There's a Lot of quiet, there's no music and bullet, A lot of quiet. Yeah. Amazing. It's amazing. Yeah. It's just, you're taking in this story, but it's very compelling. And sometimes there's not even any music. Right. Like in Lamont's, the whole first part of it, there's no talking at all for quite a while. It's just like you're getting the sounds and the feeling of being this race car driver. And he is driving his nine 11 down this country road and Yeah. And it's, it's, it, it engrossed you in a different way. It, it drive, it pulls you into the story. Is That bullet where he is writing, what movie is he driving? Like a dune buggy. Is that bullet two or is that No, that's the other one. The one in Boston.


That's a pretty good movie too. Which one's that? Oh, come on. They remade it. Oh, the crown affair. Thomas Crown Affair. Oh yeah. And obviously he's having time, you know, it's like how about we shoot some stuff in a dune buggy and basically they had like a whole day Oh yeah, this, yeah. And he's having a time and meanwhile he's got Faye Dunaway in. They're going, I hope that's Faye Dunaway. Anyway, roaring around and he could really drive. Right. He guy could really drive The car. Like really drive, like you could really flip one of these fucking things if you're driving. Like you don't know what you're doing. For Sure. Yeah. He's going sideways and She is, she is having the time of her life.


Look at that. Spinning it out in the water With a movie star who doesn't even have a seatbelt on. Probably. No, they didn't have seat belts back then. Jesus Christ. Well, she might have a seat belt. She looks like she's belted. He, but that was cool. He was like the archetypal or archetypal movie star. He was a movie star. Like that wa that guy was a movie star. You know, there was something about him that was compelling. He lived his life in a sort of wild renegade way and drove race cars. And he is a man's man. And when you saw him in a movie, you believed it. Well, I've been watching, I've come to be watching All the old cowboy shows on, on the, on the satellite. I watch All the old cowboy shows and Wanted Dinner. Dinner Alive was always a super cool show.


And I've been watching it just to say, what the hell's he up to man? He is just, no one was getting away with that. No one was doing what he was doing, which was so small and so slight. He was really preparing himself to be a movie actor, You know, because his, his performance is, is so controlled. He's so in, in his skin, you know, and he's always got like a piece of business to do. He always had a piece of business to do, like, something to do. Like the way he like strapped on his goofy saw off rifle and stuff. It's not even, you know, you keep thinking it's a saw off shotgun, it's a sought off rifle, You know. So just all his moves were very little.


His face gave very, very little away. He would pout, do a half pout kind of stuff. And it's just fun to watch him see how little he could do and get it done. Yeah. He get it across. I, I like, I like that about him. But he always had like, he kind of challenged himself to do something physical. Like, so he, if he'd be talking to you, he'd be, he'd have just even that, even something like that to be like, You know, come in here. You know, he would just, the way he did it was a guy who had a real natural way with his body And it was fun. Yeah. Well he would just draw you in, in, in all of his films and just, it's like, in a way that was, it was just different. It's just like, it was a different presence on screen.


Here's That guy Saw off rifle. See it's a saw off. It's not a shotgun, it's a rifle. Hmm. When he had, see that little shtick he's got, he's got it. So it locks in and then swings back. Ah. So he could actually, if he wished to, I never, you better hope he better not wish to against you two. He could just sort of swivel it and fire while it's still attached to his, his waistband. I never saw this show. I didn't even know You Never saw this show. I didn't know it existed until right now. What kind of a Citizen are you? I, I am a little younger. That's all it is. This Is a, that's all it is. Well You can find this. There's these new cowboy shows channels. There's, You can, there's like four channels. I have DirecTV and, and so you can go and watch that.


God, that's a famous guy. That's, oh God. Oh, who's that? Oh. Oh, that's killing me. I know who this guy is. Well, I don't know who he is, but I recognize him. I'll look it up. Help me somebody. Who's that guy? Jamie Will find it The, anyway, there's a few channels. There's one called INSP, there's also the Cowboy Channel. There's also Channel 360 4. 3 0 4. 3 23 is this 81 DirecTV? What is this? DirecTV? And they're all, and you can, and I just go through going like, what have I gotta find so I can see the Rifleman. Yeah. Did you ever see the rifle? I remember that. That was a great show. Also a rifle guy. Yeah. But he had a full length rifle.


And that was Chuck Connors, who once upon a time was a Chicago cub. He was a baseball player. Oh really? Yes. And allegedly did some art films. But also he was good too. Chuck Connors was good. The Lone Ranger. Oh yeah, Sure. And that was, oh God, come on. Why can I not remember his name? But there were some Lone Rangers. The Lone Ranger came on and then the guy, I didn't realize it 'cause there's some Lone Rangers where it's not our Lone Ranger being the Lone Ranger and who wasn't as good as our lone ranger. And then our lone ranger comes back and it turns out I finally figured out that he, he sort of went on strike. He said he wanted a contract raise after the first season or something.


And they like said no. They went ahead and made a season with this other guy and people went, when are you gonna kill off the Lone Ranger? You know? No offense to that man's family. I'm sure it paid for somebody's college, but Oh, come on. Almost had it The guy's name. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Jamie will find it. I got a Jamie, you got a lot on your plate. I, I switched over to the Lone Ranger. I was looking at people that were listed here. I, I'll give you this one better line. There's a few people listed here as guest Cards. I actually saw him someplace. He came to like Jewel. Is he One of these names? Michael Landon now Landon Warren notes. Warren OI was looking down. It's definitely not Colburn. No, it's none of those guys. Lon Cheney's misspelled.


All right. But it's not those guys. I tried that Coburn's in there twice. Lone Ranger here. One of these guys maybe. No. All right, I'll try that. No, see it started on radio first. That's what you're getting. You're you're pulling up radio. That's how far back you're going. Clayton Moore. Clayton Moore. Thank you. I saw Clayton Moore. He came to a Jewel fu store near us. The Lone Ranger was gonna appear, but he was not allowed to wear the mask for like contract, whatever the hell. So there he was and I'm like, mom, that's not the Lone Ranger. You know, whatever the hell it was. But it was funny to see Clayton Moore without a mask on. Imagine a contract saying you can't do personal charact. Well No, it was like he was, the lone Ranger was copyrighted, you know, nine days from Sundays, You know, so he could go and be right on an elephant.


I think I may have seen him riding on an elephant in a parade once, but also without the mask on. But we, I should talk about movies 'cause I'm supposed to be talking about movies. Yes. Since we, you, we started talking about movies. Tell me about your movie. My, I'm, I got two movies. I have three movies. I'll work backwards from the one which is least, which is farthest away. I did one with Wes Anderson called the Venetian something. That's the title. It's you know, I'm sorry, Wess the Pho. You know what it is? Ian Scheme. The Venetian scheme. And I mean I have a lot of trouble with names nowadays, but the guy who did the set design, can you figure that out?


This guy is the most famous. He's the best there is now these are the most beautiful sets I've ever seen in any movie. Come on, it's coming. I'm sorry everybody, but I just haven't been getting enough sleep. No Worries. Anyway, the Power, that's a great movie that we shot that in Berlin and there's great people in it. It's got, I wanna say uni, but it's not, it's the guy who played Che. Come on, Don't Come on help me out here. Or are you for you Look it up Jim. You get back to us with this. Anyway, that movie's coming in a bit. Bon throw in that who? Benito? Yeah. Yeah.


Benito's really good. He's really good. And he is really cool. And Michael, Sarah, right? Is he the third? Did you say Benicio? Yeah, Benicio del Toro. Deltoro. Yeah. I said Benito. You said Beni. He said said tomato. He's great. Fear and loathing as well. He was awesome in that. He's great. He's, he Really, he's great in Everything. He's are we We got on good. And then the daughter, whose name is of, of Kate Winslet who is really wonderful. So the three of them are extraordinary in the movie together. And her name's like Cupid or Eve or something. That's crazy shit. What's It about? I have no idea. Mia. Huh? What's her name?


Mia. Thank you. See I told you Cupid something Mia. I have no idea what it's about. You're, you're gonna have to pay the money. There she is right there. A Dark tail of espionage. Followed a strange father daughter relationship with a family business. Alright. Yeah. Willem's got a good part but it's really those keep going. Keep going. Benedict Cumber back. Yeah, they're all Will Defo slow and fine. Michael? Sarah. Michael. Sarah is huge in, he's fantastic. He's great. Okay, great. Yeah, he's a really good guy. Michael. Sarah Benicio and Mia are the really the muscles Cranston And they're great. Anyway, that's gonna be really good. People are, all his movies are like they are, they're all great. And that one's gonna be very good then. It's gonna be funny too.


Then I made a movie called The Friend. Which stars? What's her name? Naomi Watts. And a dog. There's a huge dog. Are you a dog guy? A dog. I love dogs. Okay. So there's a massive, really big dog. I mean, it's just, it's pretty much as big. There it is. There's Naomi Big and there's the dog. The dog is, is that, is that big? See how big it is? It's fucking huge. Yeah. That's the words for it. Yeah. That's a great Dane, Isn't it? And it's an ex, it's an amazing dog. And the script is great. It's written by the, the, it's from a book written by a woman named Sigrid Nunez. And can you pop up on the titles there?


Maybe? What? What? No, the other thing. Yeah, these guys directed it. These guys, Scott McGeehee and David Siegel. And they wrote the script from this book. And it's a great Script. Nobody can hear you over there, unfortunately. Huh? Nobody can hear you over there. We're gonna have to come back. Scott. Scott McGeehee and David Siegel wrote the script and directed it. And they're great. I love those guys. They've made a few good movies and this one's really good. And this Sigrid Nunez is a kind of a big deal. Author. People know who she is that read lots of Books. And what is The Friend? What is it about The Friend? Well, yeah, there, There You go. It's So that's the question.


Well, that's sort of the puzzle. A little bit of the puzzle of it. So who is The Friend? It's The Friend. The Friend? Or is The Friend the dog? You know, it's, oh, the, the dog is, represents something, you know, so. Oh, okay. It's a little deeper than a lot of the ones we, we get to. But it's, it's really good. It's really good. I like it. It's been to film festivals and people, you know, laugh and cry and the whole thing. Nice. Yeah. How do you pick things to do now? Like you've, you've done so much. You've, you've had this insane career. I'm gonna tell you that. But let me finish the last one because today, now is your show Live? No, no, it comes off tomorrow. Dead tomorrow. Okay. So this, I, so that's why I wanted to ask, 'cause this movie, the third movie, opens today, which is yesterday.


And it's called Riff Raff. And this is a movie that you have to see. You have to see this. I'll see it. This is really something. And this is a movie you should take 10 of your friends to and go see Riff Raff. It will be, I guarantee you, this one's a party. Tell me what it is. Well, there's a trailer for it up there. See, there's, Let's play the trailer. Put, put the headphones on. We'll play the trailer. It wasn't, There You go. Slap some headphones on. Oh No. Slim jumps. Past few hours. You've been passing gas like a very sick infant. I gotta breathe all day. I'm sorry, Laia. I had a lot of coffee. Okay, sorry. And then you use my name Jesus Christ, Lonnie.


She, She said Lonnie, you catch our names by any chance? Yeah. He called you Lefty and you called him Lonnie. Well, I overreacted. Okay, son. We gotta talk about Lefty. What Did you do? Love it. You killed his son. You're Gonna kill us. What are you doing? I get horny when I'm scared I'm married. Who cares? It's just us in the shitty wildlife, you know? This is Our son. Now we're too young to be grandparents.


All because your son couldn't pull out in time. We've got house kiss. I would categorize these as a must kill. And what are we, Family? Oh my God. Can I get you anything? I'd sell my left hit for an Advil and a cup of coffee. You, you said what? It was working There was this food incident, Rocco with pubes in my wonton soup. If it's okay, I would just really like to torture him a little bit, if it's okay. Shouldn't have done that. Rocco. Yeah. Knock yourself out. Oh My God.


Are we all gonna die If you don't Have all night? Wait for me before you two start hitting each other. You know, once you start killing it, it sort of becomes your defacto solution for every problem. What? Get Off of me. What? I'm not gonna, come on. I'm not gonna root What? It's a shame. We're gonna put something that hard to waste. Huh?


That looks fun. Yeah. Well, yeah, that's, they gave you too much as far as I'm concerned. But They always do though, right? I don't know. Sometimes. Not always. Not always. It's, But it's, It's common. Well, It's kind of nicer to see as a surprise, so, Oh, should we not have seen the trailer? It's okay. I mean, what are you gonna do? But it's, some people will think, I, I must see that, but I guarantee you this is, movie is really, really funny. I love a movie where I don't get to see the trailer. Yeah, I really do. I would say, I have no idea How it goes down. Say you could say, yeah, you could not show the trailer. That would be okay. Yeah, they had, there was one, I saw one that was like, just the first part of that. And then this, they just saw added this and I was hoping that it was what it was.


But This, yeah, it could have Been, this kind of makes it seem like a little bit, you know, it's just a little bit too much stuff in it, You know, A little bit too much stuff for me. We'll take it out maybe. Yeah, Maybe. Yeah, we can, let's think about it. But we'll figure out. But anyway, it's good. And Jennifer, it looks great. Yeah, so Jennifer Coolidge has got some unbelievable things to say in the movie. She's got some amazing things to say. And Ed Harris is really, really good in the movie. Pete Davidson, who I had no idea about. We, we were sidekicks in the movie and we had a very good time. Did some good stuff. This Louis Pullman, who was Bill Pullman's son is really good.


I mean, and Emmanuella, she got Italian plus like that. She's this wonderful and beautiful and Gabby Union. I call her Gabby, Gabrielle Union. And Miles, whose last name, I can't remember it 'cause I just wanna call him Miles Davis. But that little kid in there, he's, he has a vo, he plays the Voice of the Electric Junior Bunny show or something like that on, on Nickelodeon or something like that. He does like weird cartoon voices. Oh yeah. So if you watch a lot of Nickelodeon cartoons, I don't anymore. My kids are teenagers now. Oh, really?


I used to. I used to. I used to. I Could tell you all about Ne how Kilan. Oh, see, I don't know that one. I guess I, I guess SpongeBob, my brother plays the, the Flying Dutchman. Oh, really? On SpongeBob. Oh wow. So I watched a lot of that, but that's about it. I don't know. I'm way behind. How do you decide what projects to pick? It's really just what, well, there are certain people, like, like with people that I've worked with before, there's some, like Wes Anderson is one, and Jim Jarmus and Sophia Kopa are others. And those three people call and say, I got something. I say. I just say, okay.


When, you know, that's 'cause I know, I, I know that they're, I know they know what I can do. And they know they, they look out for me and they treat people well. I love them as people and I love them as artists. So that's just a thing. But the other ones are more like, are like, you have to read the script. 'cause people, You know, the script is pretty much if the script's not there, I mean, You know, I can always help improve a script, but if the basic thing isn't there, it's like, I, I was scratching at one the other day and I'm writing, I'm going, what the hell am I doing this for?


This is just terrible. Every, every page is like, so, but if it's not good and usually, You know, You know, in like five pages, You know, whether you're not to even continue reading the script at all, you know, you know. Yeah. So, So a lot of it's based on relationships and people that you trusted. Now only those are very few. There's only very few people that I have those kinds of relationships with. And I've done like multiple Jo Jobs with 'em. And they kill every time. They're good. They're really good. So when they call, it's like, I don't, you don't have to waste my time telling me the story. Just send me the thing, You know? Right. You don't have to waste any time I'm in, you can count on me. You know? That's awesome. So that's it.


I love that. Yeah. Yeah. I do too. It's, it's, God, that's such great feeling when you trust someone that much and you're so enthusiastic about working with 'em. Yeah. I means let's it like, great. And you know, like people make the living, the making of a movie, part of their living. You know, like Wes is probably the, the most extreme example in that. Like, we all live in quasi dormitory. You know, we take over a small hotel in some small, in some city and All the actors and like the key crew live in the hotel and you come down for breakfast in the morning and people pad down in their slippers and their jammies and they have coffee and stuff. And they look at the newspaper and say, what are we doing today?


And then they like pad back up the stairs and get on their clothes and they go to work. And it's cool. It's really nice. It's really is like what you always thought it would be like in the old days, like what if we all lived in a dorm and we were just being funny all day? You know, like that. Yeah. What was it like working on King Pen? Well, those guys have more fun making movies than anyone. They really make it fun. Like pink. I remember like in between shots on Kingpin, we'd be on the side of a road somewhere and it would be like, everybody's gotta pick up a rock. And we got throw it at that telephone pole, you know, who's gonna hit the telephone pole with a rock?


So we would sit there and like, I dunno, a dollar, $10, a hundred dollars, whatever it was we're throwing and somebody's gotta hit the rock, You know? And then people like pull out cash and pay. 'cause it's just like, we just gotta keep this thing going, You know? We're not gonna let the energy of this thing drop. Just fun. Keep the fun rolling. Just fun. Yeah. And just creativity and always being loose and always being physical. Always being, you know, connected, attached, you know, not just attached, but connected and, and entertaining. Entertaining each other, you know, really making this fun. God damnit, we are gonna have fun. Or else, you know, if you don't have fun making a comedy, you've just made a bad movie that's not funny.


Yeah. You know. Well, it comes off in the film. The film is so fucking funny. It's so good. And it's one of those films, like if you tried making that today, it would be a, an an an uphill trudge. Well, you know, and that's like one of those things. They had a moment on Saturday Night Live, an immemorial thing. They said, oh, someone, I, I was there the week of the thing. And they said, yeah, so and so's working on the Immemorial. And I'm thinking, well, who's gone? Which, which reminds me who's gone, you know? And no, it's not, it's not who's passed away. It's what we can't do anymore to be funny, you know? So it was like all these kinds of jokes. And so it was just a whole clip. I didn't even see it, but I just, I saw a little bit of it being assembled, but it could be 40 minutes long, You know, just All the sketches that you, people would, you would get like, you know, internet, You know, responses.


Like we're we're gonna burn down the city of New York. Oh, it Could be hours long today. Yeah, Hours long. Yeah. I, I'm short was 45. But it's, but some of the funniest things ever done, You know? Yes. Like head wound, hairy. Yeah. You know, which was one that not many people think about, but how, you know, like somebody would object to a dog eating a brain wound, you know, like licking, like the blood coming out of someone, a skeletal wound, you know. But someone told me on the way here, a friend of mine, a musician named Mike Zito, who said he listens to your show. He said that you knew Phil Hartman. Yeah. Very well. And what did you do with Phil Hartman News Radio? It was a sitcom we did together. Okay. I didn't really watch much in news radio, but It was, what were you doing on 94 to 99?


I played the sort of like the maintenance guy in this radio station. And Phil was the, like the lead anchor And, you know, And did you resent him because you were doing maintenance and he was the lead anchor? No. What do you mean? So, no, I'm just joking. So, and where was, was it on CBS or NBC. NBC, Of course. Yeah. So the Nineties. And he was the news anchor. Well, he's got that crazy voice, right? Oh, he was great. Yeah, he was, we became really good friends. He was a wonderful guy. We actually played one of his clips the other day. We had to take it outta the show. But it was a, a clip from SNL that you could never play today about a doctor who decided that every child was female and he had to do operations on all of them.


And we were like, holy shit. Holy shit. And it's like, you know, 90% of his, his births involved in operation had turned, turned into a girl. They were all girls. That's funny. It Was insane. He was great. Yeah, he was really good. He was, I worked with him. I mean, I did sound aga when he was there, but he was in the movie we made called Quick Change and he was like Sterling silver. It was like every single take was just like perfect. Yeah. And it was so much fun. And you just go, Phil, that was so great. And you go like, he was so kind of modestly proud of like Yeah.


I, I felt pretty good about that too. Yeah, he was really nice. He had real, real modesty. Yes, He did. Well he was a guy who made it late in his career, you know, late in his life. Yeah. So he was, before he was an artist. We have one of his albums out there in the, the other room. He Was a musician? No, an artist. Artist. Oh, I'm sorry. Well, he was a musician as well. He did music. Why did I say Musician album? He said one of his albums. I, I, yes. I was looking at vinyl today, so that's why it went into my head. It was a cover of a, of an album that he drew. Oh yeah. He was an illustrator. He was brilliant. Like really, really good. Oh, I'd love to see That. And then he was on PeeWee's Playhouse. Yeah. May he rest in peace, that guy. Right.


May rest In peace. That guy was fucking great too. And I, and the lady, I didn't really watch a lot of PeeWee's Playhouse, but he was a funny guy. That guy and his lady sidekick died this week or something. Who was this lady sidekick? I Don't know on PeeWee's play. I'm not up to date on anything, but Lynn Marie Stewart. Yeah. Who? Lynn Marie Stewart Was her name. Yeah. So Miss Yvonne, I believe. Mm. Alright. Lynn Marie Stewart. Lynn, Lynn Marie Stewart, Lynn Marie. See, I didn't, oh, I guess I'd recognize her if, if her face were bigger head. So I think Phil, because of the fact that he made it late in life. Like he was just so happy to be there.


He Had perspective. Yeah, exactly Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He had, I mean, I think he was like 37 or something when he got SNL You know, so it's like, that's the point where a lot of people start thinking, Hey, this is never gonna happen for me. And then he was, you know, he was a hero. Yeah. I mean he, he, he did, he could do a lot of things. He had a lot of chops. He had a great voice and he could play straight and, you know, playing, doing comedy as the ability to play straight. And he could really do it. He could really do it. Yeah. Well I missed that guy. He was good. He was a good guy.


Yeah. I missed him terribly. That was a, that was a crazy one. 'cause I knew his, I knew the whole family. I knew the wife. I knew the, the whole situation. He had tried to divorce her a few times, tried to leave a few times. It always went back. And Yeah. And that's also the guy, he would go back and keep trying to make things work. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he was a very unusual guy. And what a fucking professional, like he would make me feel like I wasn't doing enough. Like he'd have, like, all of his scripts would have tabs for All the scenes that he was in. And then he'd have notes underneath each thing and everything would be organized. He had a three ring binder. He would put the script in. Well That's going too far. He Would hold punch the moment he got the script.


Wow. Put it in the three ring binder. Oh yeah. No, He was, see I didn't have that much face in the script. So I knew they were gonna change a lot from Wednesday to Friday. If it was a, if it was a big scene, I knew they would rewrite it the next two days. Well, there was a lot. And try, I didn't, 'cause it's hard to unlearn. Yes. So I would not learn. Yeah. Because if unlearning is really hard. Yeah. Like If you have a sketch that's this long and all of a sudden it's this long, you got problems. Have you ever met Dave Foley? I think so. He's one of the guys from Yeah, I saw him. He, he goes out with my brother Joel. He and he sings, they they do like a improv thing called Yeah. Whose line is it anyway. Oh, okay. So I never, I only met him recently.


I met him recently that I finally saw my brother's show. That he goes out with, whose line is it anyway, right. With Greg prs and all those guys. Yeah. And They, they and they kill. Yeah. I mean there, there's, You know, I knew they were, I knew they were gonna kill 'cause I knew how good my brother is, who's an improviser. You can, you know, if you, if you get good at it, and my brother is really good at it, far better than i I ever was or would, could hope to be. 'cause he's really kept at it. And so he really goes and goes hard at it. He's really good at it. I knew that they would kill, I didn't realize how much fun the show would be from an audience perspective. Like, they drag a lot of people up on the stage and I think, well that can go any way at all.


You know? Yeah. And they managed to get, I mean, the show I saw, they had people in the audience that probably should have been hired. They were that funny that, but the ex, there's something about the the uncertainty of bringing up someone from the audience that raises the energy level and the expectation and the possibility. Yeah. And the crowd goes crazy for it. And the, and the actors, the performers go crazy too. 'cause it's like, God damn, they just killed us. They just came up here and murdered us. Yeah. And, and that's where the, that's where the real fun is. So they, they're, they, they're enjoying themselves. Well, it's a tight show. They've been doing that show for so long. Like their muscles are like very developed.


You know, they're comedy improvisation muscles. They're just so sharp when you do a show like that on the road constantly. Like, you develop a sort of feel for how to improvise and how things can go. And Well, You're fearless and you know, you're certainly anyone that's ever been in that racket knows you can't be afraid of dying. Right. So if you're not afraid of dying, let's go. Yeah. You know, here we go. And anything. And there's a handful of you. So it's, it's like the magnificent seven. If I don't kill you, he will. Right, right. You Know? Right, right, right, right. So, so if I don't kill you, he will. Yeah. So it's, it's fun to watch. It was really fun to watch Finally See It live. I'd only seen it on television to see the live show.


It's cool. It's, I recommend it to they they're coming to a town near you. Yeah. If you're living It's a great show. It's a great show. Definitely. Go see it if they're coming to you. Dave, Dave Foley, who was on Kids in the Hall was, he was also on News Radio. Oh, Okay. He played the manager of the station who is in charge of Rick Randy Show Was on Show Show. So I, I Steven Root from Office Space and a million other things. Andy, Dick, Maura Tierney, Vicki Lewis, candy Alexander. I Know a lot of those people. Yeah. Yeah. So that was the show. Well, that Must So how it ran five years. Yeah, well, around four years. And then Phil got killed and then, Oh, that's what ended it.


John Levit, who was a good friend of his, tried to take it over to his place. Well not take it over necessarily. It was a real ensemble. They, I see. I mean, Dave was really like the main star. Dave Foley was. But it was, it just, You know, for whatever reason, the John, I, I, I think the John Levitts ones were really funny. They were really good. But it was just, She's different. Funny. It was just the end of the line. The show was over and it got canceled after the fifth year. Yeah. There's something about the, it was like that Saturday left, the fifth year. It's like, wait a second. In high school is only five years. Why, why should, why should this show be anyway? Five years is a long time. It's a long time. I know. It's amazing to think we thought like five years. This is it. We're done. Goodbye everybody. That was 45 years ago.


Who the hell thought that would happen? I mean, Is the, is it the longest running show ever in television? I think The Today Show is the longest running show. Oh, Is it really? Well, Interesting. If I had to guess, Certainly the longest running show that's actually entertaining. I mean, SNL's been around for so long. Don't tell Al Roker that buddy. Can I take a break a second? Yeah. I'm take A leak. I'll be right back. Yeah. Take a leak. Be right Back. You're in charge. Okay. Setting up this table. I'll do a little bit seen in a bit. You have a very, you have so much cool stuff on the walls. A lot of art. Do you do shows where you walk around and show All the Stuff? No, no. Really? No, no, no, no, no. I just, it's personal. Okay. It's just stuff for us. For us and the guests. Well, There is a photograph in the, in the men's room.


I didn't Which one? Check. It's Presley. And it looks like it's a mugshot. It's a fake mugshot. It's a fake. So what it is, is he went to the White House and he met with Nixon. Is that Oh, okay. The gun thing where he gives Nixon, he gives him a revolver. Yeah. It gives him a Something Automatic pistol. Yeah. What did he give him? And, and Nixon gives him a, a drug badge to be a drug agent. You don't know that part. That's Right. I forgot about That. Mark kept, he gave Presley a, a gun badge to be a D 'cause Presley would talk shit about all these guys who were doing drugs. Meanwhile, he was high as fuck. Well, he was, he was in pain, you know. Yes. He was in pain. He had physical pain. He had, what Was the physical pain? What was wrong with him?


I think he did the splits a lot of times. You know, like Chevy's, you know, Chevy hurt himself, falling, you know. Oh yeah. People have pain. I, but Presley had, I don't know, I don't remember All the facts, but Presley had physical pain and like, he, I don't know what his back or something like this, sacroiliac or whatever the hell. And he got him hooked. And so he had like painkillers. Right. But it's just hilarious that he was the drug Guy. It is hilarious. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's like good, good fun. Yeah. It's, it's like, it's like a great American story and like Yeah. You know, you just see the picture. There's a photograph that exists of Nixon handing him the badge. And I, You know, you can laugh looking at it going right.


That's exactly right. Yeah. But, but, but yeah, there it is. And there's the damn badge. Special assistant. Special assistant. You know what I did see the other night? Did you ever see Frost and Nixon? No. It's a, it's a movie that was made and back in the day after Watergate is his name, David Frost. He was a British interviewer cat. And he staged, he, he had this idea to, he was trying to, like, he sort of lost his place in the inverse of England anyway, or the world.


And he came up with this idea somehow to, to, if he could somehow get an interview with Richard Nixon. And it's a pretty well made movie. It's a very well made movie about it. And they paint frost pretty much as like, maybe what he was like, sort of what the perception, my perception is kind of what he was like. Not a perfect person, but certainly not, you know, but certainly got some juice. Certainly has some, some sort of idea of some something going on. I sh that sounds very small, but he, he, he was little complicated. That's, that's the, the cheating word.


And Nixon too. And I just wanna say the Frank Ella, who I only know from like doing, he was kinda like a Broadway guy and he did some horror movies. He's really good as Nixon. Very, very, very, very good as Nixon. And it's just a really well-made movie. And I was, I was up in New York and I thought, You know, I'm gonna find Frank Ella. There it is, right there. And tell him. So there's the guy who, I can't, don't know what this man's name was who plays for us. I can't recall anything. But he's good. And there's Ella playing Nixon. And Ella is really good as Nixon. And Nixon's not easy to do. Does he do the voice Well, He does him well. And you know, when you try to hard, I mean, hear Your personal lawyer came to Washington.


Yeah, There You go. Yeah. But You's pretty fucking good. It's good. Yeah, he's really good. So I never got around to finding out who, where Franklin Joe lived in New York or calling him up. But maybe someone who knows him, listens to your show, will say, Hey Frank, you got a shout out today in Texas. That guy's great. He was great. His Dracula too. Yeah. That whole Nixon Watergate story. I I used to think about it very differently until Tucker Carlson broke it down for me. Bob Woodward was an intelligence agent, and the first time he ever gets a job as a journalist, he's covering Watergate. The FB All the people that were involved in the breakin FBI people, like it was, it was a complete intelligence operation.


Nixon definitely did the things they accused him of, but the whole thing was sort of coordinated by the intelligence agents to get Nixon out of office, apparently, what the story was, according to, I could play you the Tucker thing if you'd like to see it, but apparently what the story Was That's okay. I got things. It Sounds crazy. Well, it sounds, But the story was that Nixon was digging into who killed JFK. One of the, one of the things that they wanted to set up when he was running for president is to make sure that Gerald Ford was his vice president. Gerald Ford was also on the Warren Commission, that they were, he was digging into it and they wanted to remove him from office. They set this up, they framed him.


He did it. They got him out of office. Gerald Ford gets in. Okay, I got a shorter version. Okay. Okay. I don't, I you're gonna take me down to the Kennedy Road and I don't, I, You know, where are we going there with that one? I got Richard, you know, Belzer tapes I can play for you. Oh, I'm a fan of Belzer. I met Belzer, Bel Belzer and I talked UFOs. You know, the new guy is gonna Bigfoot, the renew guy is gonna bring out All the, All the warrant commission stuff, supposedly release all this stuff. Allegedly it's supposed to. Yeah. Allegedly Is Right. But my question is, what the fuck is gonna be in there? Not good Call. Allegedly. I like that. Yeah. It's not Gonna be, Hey, this guy did it. Here it is. No, here's the way I see the Bob Woodward story. See, you said, you know, what did you say first about Nixon?


You about your way of looking at Nixon? The way I look at Nixon, and part of it is seeing this, I like this way that I love the way Langel did this. I thought it was really well done. And, and, and it made a character of him, you know, a person of them. But to me, I feel, here's what I feel about Nixon is like, you know, he was hard to care for. He ran against JFK, who was everybody's, you know, my hero. And my father actually pushed me into John F. Kennedy at, in, in 1960. You know, just pushed me into the crowd and just pushed me up so, so could touch him, bounced up against him.


You know, now I, now I'd been wrestled to the ground, but back then you could do that. Anyway, I, you know, I felt like Nixon was, you know, and certainly knowing Hunter and knowing all of the history of Nixon and whatever, I, Nixon wasn't my guy. Oh, agreed. He was not my guy. No, I'm not defending Nixon in any way, shape or form. In fact, I talked about Nixon before that. I think he's the problem with the whole psychedelics drug legal illegalization act. Okay. So, so, but however, when I read Wired, the book written by, what's his name? Woodward, about Belushi. I read like five pages of Wired and I went, oh my God.


They framed Nixon. Like All of a sudden I went, oh my God, if this is what he writes about my friend that I've known, you know, for my, You know, half of my adult life. Yeah. Which is completely inaccurate. Talking to like the people of the outer outer circle getting the story. What the hell did they could they have done to Nixon? I just felt like if he did this to my friend like this, and I, I acknowledge I only read five pages, but the five pages I read, you know, made me wanna like set fire to the whole thing. Jamie, see if You can find, find those five pages. I went, if they, if he did this to Belushi, what he did to Nixon's is probably soiled for Me Too.


I can't, I can't take it. And I know you say, well, you could have two sources and everything like that. But the two sources that he had, if he had 'em for the Wired book, were so far outside the inner circle that it was, it was criminal cruel. And the reasoning for it is that the most famous person ever to come from Wheaton, Illinois is John Belushi. The second most famous person to come from Wheaton, Illinois is Harold Red Grange, the football player. And the third most famous person to come from Wheaton, Illinois is Bob Woodward.


Really? Wow. So there's all my controversy for today. That's all I got. I I got a bone about that one. You know, I got a bone for Woodward ever since I read that. Those five Things. Well, once you see it from something that, You know, You know, once you see propaganda bullshit from someone that you know, and you, you see a distorted perception, it, it really, it opens your eyes to the fact that, that a lot of the things you read are horse shit. I mean, you, like Belushi made whole, whole people's careers possible. He made people's careers possible. Mine would be one of them. All, All the people that he dragged to New York, he went to New York first.


He broke into New York. He took over New York and he dragged all, all of us from the second city, You know, to New York. He's the one that got everyone there. And, and there are musicians and lots of them that will thank Belushi for the creation of, you know, the revivification of the blues and for like, the fact that there's like a house of blues chain that blues players can go and play. And there are all these venues that wouldn't have existed without Belushi. Yeah. You know, he did a lot of things for people. He did a lot of, there was a lot of people that slept on John Belushi's couch. There's a lot of peop people that stayed for free at his house until they made it in New York.


And I'm one, and, and any and any, you know, you know, he died in an unfortunate way. But the man, when he was, he was the still the best stage actor I ever saw. He was absolutely magnetic. He couldn't take your eyes off him. And he did a lot of wonderful things for each other. He was a short hitter guy, could only drink like four beers and he was drunk. So the idea that he died of an overdose is hilarious. Like, that's what my brother said. He said, what do you have four beers? You know, he's John's dead. What do he have four beers? 'cause he was not really much of a drinker, but But it was drugs, right? Was it It was drugs, yeah. Was it speedball? It was a speedball, Yeah. Yeah. What Was the, And it was this, I believe, to my knowledge, it was like the first speedball he ever had.


Jesus Christ. So what was the Woodward interpretation? What was his version? Oh, It was just, he was just, he was talking to people like, wait a minute, you're telling me that that guy over there, that guy who's that far away from the center of things is telling you the facts about John Belushi. That guy way the fuck over there is telling you who John Belushi is. It's like, wait a minute. And he didn't contact any of you guys? Well, I didn't, I didn't wanna have anything to do with it. I would, I would've nothing to do with it. I didn't like the, and it smelled funny from day one, you know, and, and you know, Judy wanted people to talk. I was like, mm, sorry. No, I know where this is going.


And it wasn't, and exactly where I thought it was going. I even worse than where I thought it was going. Even just the title alone, you know, it was just, it was cold. So it was just exploitation of his death. You know, I I, you'd have to hold me down and burn my feet to make me read more of it. So I couldn't say that it's exploitation of his death. But, you know, guys that write books come up with, you know, Bob Woodward's got a new title every 45 minutes for another book. You know, so, you know, you know, and it's A very disturbing thing when someone, It's just tough.


You know, it's like, and like, so what do you, you know, that's, he, like, he, he really, in those five pages I read, he tore down my friend with a, you know, I didn't see any, there was no compensation. There was no balance in the, in the five I read, and maybe, maybe I was unlucky, but Would Definitely, it certainly if it, if that much was to me was disturbingly ugly and like irresponsible to report. And then I, I, I can't imagine that I got so that I only found pipe. Yeah. But You know, and I'm sure he is done. Wilbert does other things. I've seen him on TV and he can be smart and everything, but You know, he's gonna have to answer for that sometime for something, you know, I think.


Yeah. You know, it's just like, you don't get a free ride for Not with my friend. No. Well, you can get away with things a lot more back then when he wrote that book as well. You know, so there's no other venues for people to express themselves. Back then it was like, he writes the book, he does the interviews for the book. This is the narrative. Yeah. And Bob Woodward, like one of the squarest guys in the world, gets to tell the story of what it was like to live in, in New York City in the seventies. Yeah. Really in the late seventies and eighties. Like, like he knew what was the story was, come on. Yeah. That must have been a magical time. It was cool. It was really fun.


You know, it was a smaller city in a funny way. There was a lot more freedom. And it was, when I got there, the, you know, the town was broke, You know, you know, it had the, this town was falling apart And, you know, the subways were rough And you know, people, you know, to me it was exciting. I didn't, what the hell, I know I came from Illinois, from Chicago, from the suburbs of the city and Chicago. Chicago was pretty, it was a city. And, and, and in some, it hit its its own hazards. You know, there was some more hazard in where I lived in Chicago was more dangerous than where I lived in, in, in New York ever.


But, but the city was, You know, the found the economic part of it. And the infrastructure was a, you know, like the subways were, You know, people complain about the subways now. I was like, wait a second. D these subways are air conditioned and the windows close. Those windows, those windows were open summer and winter. And you've either froze or you had like metal shavings, dust flying through in the summer with no heat, with no air conditioning. And you know, if it's 97 degrees out, it's even hotter inside of a crowded subway car. You know? So that Was also back when Times Square was Times Square. And it was cool. Yeah. Times Square was is just as weird now, but it's just a different weird, right.


They didn't Right. They sort of tried to sanitize it, You know, and it's, it's kind of stupid now. I mean now there's a lot more lights and everything. There's more signs. But the signs were always cool when they were neon, they were cool. Yeah. Now there's just these glow lights and they just keep moving and dancing And, you know, it's, you know, people with like vision problems shouldn't be out. And people, You know, who are the people that are supposed to watch out for strobe lights? Yeah. Epileptics. Yeah. Epileptics can't walk through Times Square and 42nd Street is, is blah, it's like dull. You know, it's an Applebees. Back then it was like, wow. Yeah. It's a giant Applebee's. Yeah, it's a giant Applebee's with huge ads, giant LCD ads. But It was, it was cool back then you could see stuff.


There was real stuff to see. Not that there's, it's, it's still real, but it's just a different reel. There's a lot more, it's a whole international world now, which it wasn't back then. Back then it was just like the street survivors of the city at the very, you know, the physical center of it. And you saw some amazing things that, and, And it was alive, certainly alive. Now there's, you know, you're crashing into not exactly debutante or not exactly like bridesmaid parties, but like, you know, there's people with flags and Yeah. Dragging people around stuff. Well, there's always a lot, there's, There's a lot to see. There's still a lot to see.


It's still, it's still New York City, New York. But back then, having that experience, being in that wild New York of the 1970s and then getting on SNL, how old were you? 26. Wow. That had to been a fucking bizarre experience. Yes, it was. It was a great experience for sure. And you know, you saw, you know, You know, your life just changed dramatically from being, you know, unable to, barely able to pay your rent or afford, You know, car a telephone, anything like that.


You know, to having a credit card like that was a big thing. You know, credit card and a credit card. And, you know, we had to, because they wanted to, wanted a safe, we had this sort of cab account with a thing called Skull's Angels. There was a sort of company within the yellow cab company called Skulls Angels. And you could call them and they would pick you up anywhere in the city and take you wherever. And it was just, you just signed your name. You didn't have to have any money. And I had a credit card and that account, and that's all. And I just went, lived for a couple of years like that. And you just, basically all you were doing was going to work and going to sleep and going.


And then in between you, when the, in the, when you'd have 12 or 15 hours where you didn't have to do anything, you'd go like, okay, let's go. You know? And then you'd go like, There You go. Like, anything could happen. Anything could happen. And you could go anywhere in the city. And you sort of had a sort of a thumbprint of, okay, you could go into any place and people would be like, come on in. You know, and you got to, You know, really, you know, I mean, I probably could have done, you know, gotten more out of it, but I certainly got, got a lot. I put a lot into it. You know, I got a lot, an amazing kind of education.


You know, I got an amazing education. But I guess that gets back to the sort of, I, you know, I got to put my education to use is what I should say. I mean, in this, in this kind of new challenging environment, I got to put what my education had to that point had been to, to use. What was the adjustment like going from being broke to all of a sudden having money, being famous, lived in New York City, trying to make sense of this new reality that you live in? Well, the, well, I'll try and do 'em in order. Well, going, being broke was, oh, I should tell you, I'm here in Austin, Texas. This is, this is a William Murray golf shirt.


I brought, I brought you, somehow I got involved with these clothes. The clothes got involved with me. And, and that, that's me. That is I and that person right there. And I, I brought you a pair of shorts. Oh, Thank you. I I also brought licorice, which you don't want. So I don't want, he's a licorice dealer. I don't know what to make it. Yeah. Trying to pass out, want licorice. Don't want. Anyway. So anyway, the shorts are very, you're not too chubby. But the shorts are, are very forgiving. They, I actually, I are these golf shorts? I've been traveling. Well they're, yeah, they're kind of golf. So are you gray? Are you a gray guy? I can wear gray. Yeah, sure. I'll wear that. Oh, that's what I thought. I thought you'd be a gray guy.


Those are for You. Thank you very Much. I've got my name on 'em. All right. So if they get lost, they'll be returned to Me. Nice. Yeah. Thank you very much. Okay. I'm excited. And Wait, I got your shirt, shirt. I thought you might like this shirt. 'cause this sort has, this kinda has the range of possibility on it. Oh yeah. It has a lots of, that kinda has a sort of a studious look for you. There's a lot going on in that. There's A lot going on. Thank you. There You go. There You go. Thank You very much. Yeah, You're welcome. I had, I have long pants too. If you want some long pants. No, I'm good. But I think you're more of a shorts Guy. Yeah, I'm good. Thank you though. Jamie's a gigantic golfer. Oh yeah. Yes sir. Are you a long, how, how You're tall. How tall are you?


Six one. Six one. Yeah. Well, it's not that tall. Let's see. So you can, so you, so we're the same sort of, and so you like white or blue? Sure. Or black. Those are shorts. Hold on. Are you a shorts guy or a long pants guy? I like it all. It's usually hot in Texas. Those short. You love it all, huh? It's hot out here to play golf in Texas. It's hot. Texas gets hot. And you're playing golf usually. I bet. Well, But You can play all year here. How, how chubby are you? I'm Not, I don't think it. Okay. Well the pants are pretty good. Well, here's the, you want the shorts? Yeah. Give 'em the shorts. These Are black. Nice. And that's The Murray Tartan right there. That's the family tartan.


There. There You go. Forget. Is that like from your family with Seal? Huh? The, the Tartan is a special to your family? Yeah. That's the Murray Tartan. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Okay. And then, so here and then, so you want a shirt? Sure. And see I am, I should show off this shirt. This is a shirt. 'cause my sort of brother had something to do with this one. This has got like all this stuff from Chicago on it. Oh, nice. It's got, I haven't even looked at this Yet. Guitars. Well, There's guitars. It's like a pizza place. So it's Sort of, I don't know why there's, there's tambourines and stuff on it. I have no idea. But there's always a glass of beer for some reason. There's A drum, but There's a bunch of references to people we know and things we did in Chicago.


And I see there's like the names of some character, a movie I played. And then there's Slough's Place. That's my friend Jeff Luman who's a golfer. I think you're gonna like this shirt here. Jamie, how's that for you? Oh, that's perfect. Perfect. That's Jamie. Oh yeah. Okay. And what color pants did I throw at you? Well, I Got some black shorts over here. Perfect. Black shorts. Dark blue shirt. You're in. You can pull that off. There You go. Fuck yeah. James, way to go high for that one. Thanks. When you stomp Tony Hinchcliffe in this inevitable match. Yeah, let's go. You'll wear that. Be perfect. There's that. How long you been golfing for? Well the question is how long was I have I been cadding for? So I started Cadding when I was very young.


My el my el, our eldest brother Edwards started Cadding. So Caddy Shack must have been a lot of fun for you then? Yeah, well, caddy Shack came, you know, my brother Brian was the wrote the, Brian wrote it with Doug Kenny, one of the really great funny guys from National Lampoon and Harold Ramis who ended up directing the movie. But All the golf stuff is all Brian's, you know, memories of caddying and the whole golf story comes from Brian, sort of the, I mean they all write jokes, but Doug was in charge of All the fancy lad stuff. His dad was some sort of tennis pro sometime rather in Ohio. And Harold wrote the jokes that were left and shaped it, then directed it.


So you started off Cadding? Yeah. Yeah. And then I started as a shag boy, which doesn't even exist anymore. What is that? There's a thing called a jam boy, which I don't know if it really exists. My friend Duff insist that back in the day there was a thing called a jam boy who walked around, I think it was a slave or something like it. Who, who walked around covered with jam to draw the insects away from the golfers. Now I don't know if that's true or not. We should Holy shit. Ask your, ask your listeners. But I was, I was, I didn't have it that bad Of course. But a shag boy was, golfers had what they called a shag bag, which was like a small bag of golf balls, like a hundred golf balls or something like that. And they would dump 'em out on the practice tee and you would run out there with the bag and they would, you would be the target.


Okay. Go out about 70 yard, 60 yards, you know, and then they'd start hitting. Did you ever wear that? See, no, but see that would be safer than what I was wearing. We didn't have that. But I was just out there. See if, can you? Yeah, but I was definitely out there. And they would aim at you. And the thing was, it would last for an hour or so And you know, you're only, I was 10 when I started doing this. So you'd sort of, your mind would wander and occasionally you'd hear like a ball land next to you or really close. I never got ConEd exactly on the head, but I definitely got hit on one bounce on any number of times. But you were just the target then you, they, he'd wave in the next club and you'd go like 700.


So you'd have to back up a little farther and then farther. And the bigger the club, the wider the dis version of the, of the ball. So you had to run back. You really had to run to catch up to where this bad golfer was hitting the golf ball. So that's, that was when I was 10. And then like a year or so later, I became like a caddy. And then I caddied All the way through high school, pay my way through high school. When Did you start playing? Well, if you, if you showed up to caddy on Sunday, you were allowed to play golf on Monday morning. So probably, I didn't really play golf, golf like that until really 12 maybe, maybe a little sooner. But we used to play golf across the street from our house.


There were phone, it was like a, a line of telephone poles planted in grass, you know, and we would play from foam pole to foam pole. And that was the, that was the pin. So, but, so that's it. And then I didn't really play, I mean, once I sort of, You know, made it through high school, I didn't play for a long time until I, I made some money and then all of a sudden you can play golf again. 'cause golf, if you're not cadding, it takes money to play. You gotta at least play and be organized and have a set of clubs and stuff. So I, I picked it up then and, and now I like it. You know, I was gonna give it up a few years ago, but then, you know, all of a sudden my son started playing golf.


I was like, well that's what you gotta do, you know, I, so now I'm having more fun playing and I've gotten smarter. Do you ever play golf? No. Never. No, never. No. I'm scared of it. 'cause I think it'll eat up all my time because I get addicted to games. Oh yeah. I play pool a lot. Do you have a pool table here? I Got a couple pool tables here. Oh, I got one at home. Yeah. I play when I go on the road. And what game do you play? Do you play like straight pool Or nine ball? 10 ball. Nine ball. Yeah. You know, I should work on nine ball. I have a pool table. I just, I mostly play. Well, you know, I mostly play with, The thing about it is I know everybody who plays golf gets fully addicted to it and loves it to death.


And I just don't have the time to get fully addicted to another thing. And you know, just being friends with Jamie and seeing Jamie's addiction, see What's happening him over the Last few years, he's become a maniac. He's got a, a golfing simulator in the back and really, he drives balls and Oh yeah, the track man pulled The TrackMan back there. A track man. It's in here. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Is is set up in the garage and he's, whenever I come here, do you Live here driving? You, do you guys live In this building or what? No, no. It's a big building, but we don't live here. Yeah, we could. We definitely could. Maybe that's the next one. Maybe the next one we will set up dorms maybe. Yeah. There's always the rooftop. Yeah. Well, yeah, I guess I'm okay. Well, I don't want you to get addicted.


Well, I just, I've heard you're a very good golfer. That's why I'm asking. Well Just keep that light going. But it's, but I, I can play. Okay. You know, I play, I've hit a lot of golf shots And I just, it's like you're handicap. Jamie will know what that means. Now. It's, now it's about 12. The lowest I ever was was about seven. Pretty good. If you can play. Yeah. It means I can play a little bit. Yeah. And now it's actually, it's, what's the word? Diminishing. It's going lower. 'cause I've, I've figured something out. There's a, I went to, there's a great book, these ladies I got Pia Nielsen and Lynn Pia Nielsen's an easy one to remember, but Lynn's what's whatever Lynn's, last time they wrote a great book called Every Shot Must Have a Purpose.


Do you ever read that one? Well, I I should talk about them. 'cause they're, they're, they really are onto something and it's about quieting your brain when you play. Mm. Which I always thought I'd get better when my, as my brain softened, right. It seemed to be happening. My brain was softening And it was maybe getting better, but not fast enough for me. And then I, I got, I started following what these ladies had to write. They were annika's teachers at one time. And Annika Sota, she's a famous golfer. Oh, okay. Swedish. Every shot must have a purpose there. It's, and there's the forward part Annika. Anyway, Lynn Marriott, how can see I'm blocking that 'cause it's a hotel name. But, and I, and I, I didn't used to be a member of Marriott Club, but okay, so that's a great book.


And they've written a bunch of stuff that they, they're, they know some stuff. So what is it? Try that one, Jamie. That's cool. What does it change? As far as it made, it made me enjoy, I enjoy golf. I've always had a lot of fun, but that made me enjoy golf even more. How so? Like, what does it, you know, it just, it's decluttering. You know, it's like when you do it in your life and you, you know, you talk about dis you, you know, you mentioned distractions at the very beginning. You know, you think about All the things that can catch you, you know, to distract you. And if you're trying to do something that's pretty straightforward, whether it's Stir grits or sew a line of something or, or play a game of golf in which ideally you only have to swing hit the ball like 75 times.


If you're, you know, if you, everything that distracts you from that is a, is is a problem. So it's the ability to like, sort of just pull the weeds outta your head. As I read a Japanese man say once and, and, and attend to it. When you attend to it, it's four. You know, it's a few hours to play a round of golf. Like you say it takes little time, but the actual playing of the game is only minutes. The actual hitting of the ball is only minutes. Like a Right. An NFL game can take like three hours on tv, but it's like 20 minutes of action. Right, right, right. So it's similar to that in golf that or anything that You have to sort of return to yourself to hit the ball.


You gotta come back, get it back together to hit the ball or do anything. And so you set your, your, you have the freedom in between the shots to move and to speak and to tell jokes and smoke cigars And what the hell you wanna do. But when you wanna hit the ball, this is about you gotta, you're gonna think you make a little plan and you separate that you, you sort of inculcate that. You take it in and then you separate that and you step up and you hit the, hit the thing and hitting the thing is only hitting the thing. And that if you can do that, then you start having real success with the actual hitting and the sort of joy of the sort of mind body connection and All the sort of aesthetic, All the kind of like, you know, almost spiritual things about a, a mind body exercise, a game come to you.


You know, like, you know, when you hear great athletes say they're in a zone, they're not in a zone, they're really conscious, they're really connected, they're really aware. It is a, a, it's more than a zone. It's, it's like the ideal place to be. Right, right. And what is it about their writing that helped you? Like what is their philosophy that helped like, steer you more towards being able to do that? Well, For, for an example, it's like something that can keep you in your body. 'cause you have to stay in your body. I, I believe that anyway, I'd already believe that, but I'd say, so you've got this DRA here, right? So imagine it's a golf ball. One thing that they saw was say, was like, you would, you would just, in between shots, you would just take your golf ball if you're on a putting green or if you have a spear in your pocket and you just toss it up and catch it, toss it up and catch it.


That keeps, keeps you like physically aware of, I've gotta do this and this and that. I've gotta do these two things. So I've gotta have my attention in my body. I've gotta stay home. You know? So if you can stay in your body that it all begins in the body. Everything we are or everything we hope to be, everything we dream about, it's all within the skin. So you gotta stay within the skin. So if you can make yourself come back, if you can get yourself back inside, you don't have so far to go to achieve your intent to go, you know? Right.


You don't have to, you don't have to like drag yourself back from outer space. You're not dreaming over there. I'm in my body already, so I'm close. You know? Does that make sense? Yeah. Yes. So, And you know, I've had some discussions with Pia and she says, well, that's what the great golfers are doing. They are pulling themselves back into this thing. That's why they hit so many good shots is 'cause they, they're home. You know, they're home. You know. And so that's, that's sort of what I got out of her. And I, I sort of bel learned and believe that from other venues, but I'd never had it put in with practical applications. Like, like she gives, they give for golf.


You know, you think of golf as like, oh, I can be willy-nilly out here and I can be fun or I can be aggressive, or I can be competitive, or whatever the hell. All that stuff is real. That's emotion kind of thing. But you, if you're not in the body, good luck. Right. You know, and it's only luck then. Well, there's, there's a great joy in things that take you away from the rest of the world because they require so much of your attention. That's what I get outta a pool. And that's what I get outta archery too. I practice archery. But there's things that require so much focus while you're doing them. And you have to be in your body. You have to, you have to be synchronized. I I would imagine archery would be one of the more challenging ones.


Very challenging. Yeah. It's very challenging because it's, you have, you're supposed to have as little movement as possible upon the execution of the shot. And so there's all these strategies. Yes. They started televising it lately. It's really cool to watch. Yes. It's very cool To watch. Yeah. And they've got them cameras are right on their face and, and just the torso just like this. And you're like, God dang. That's beautiful. Yes. That's as good a closeup as any Robinhood movie ever had. Yeah. It's just Great. No, I love watching it. I watch it on YouTube All the time. There's these Las Vegas shootouts where they have three targets and they have 30 different shots. So they have, they're trying to get an X 30 different times and they're standing next to the best archers in the world.


Everyone's at probably like 20 meters. And they're all just focusing like dead still completely calm. Focusing, focusing what's, Where do you find that? Oh, you can find it. Like go to Lancaster Archery Vegas. And they, they have what they call a Vegas face. So a Vegas face is three, three Targets. People watch that live Do. You can live. Yeah. But they've have like big Screens. 'cause you can't see the faces from a distance, Right? No. And you Don't wanna get between the arrows Of course. No, you definitely don't. People bring binoculars, All the Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. All the archers have binoculars and they all pull 'em up after each shot. 'cause they're looking for precise distances and then they'll make slight adjustments on their scope and their sight and move and then they'll take a breath and con, but it's just, So do you have one of those massi?


Yes. This is exactly what it's like. Yeah. Those things don't even look fair. So these guys are all on this line and they're all firing. And the amount of pressure is insane because really the guy who makes money out of this thing is the guy who wins first place. Everything else is not so good. It's not a lot of money in archery. Look at the audience. That's It. Is like about 60 guys. Yeah. Not a lot of audience. Right? Yeah. It's not a crowd pleasing. So this is just for real complete archery fanatics who are absolutely lost in this connection between your mind, your body, and the flight of the arrow, the mystical flight of the arrow. That's inter Can you go back and freeze that there? Yeah. Can you, can you lose the line on the bottom?


So that's just interesting to me to look at. Yeah. Like their weight balance. Just to look at like who's on his sort of half his front foot. So it's interesting, they have a little bit more weight on their back foot. Is that right? Well, we're catching this in, in mid draw While They're, so he might, while they're pulling. Yeah. See that guy that you were looking at who was like that? Yeah. This guy Brazier on his back watch. Yeah. Yeah. He'll settle. So he'll draw and as he draws he arches back, Hey, get outta the way. And now watch, he'll settle forward. See, he settled. It was settling as the the angle change of the camera shot. But they want to ideally be about 50 50 and you're just staying calm, keeping it as steady as possible.


Is that And the wheelchair shooting too? Yes, Yes. There's a guy that shoots with just his feet, the guy who doesn't have arms. And he's unbelievably accurate. I think guy's seen that guy. Yeah. He shoots with his toes. So what these guys are doing is, it's just a perfect balance of technique and focus and attention. And they're actually trying to get what's called a surprise shot. They're not executing the shot like you would like a rifle trigger. Most of these guys use what's called a hinge. And so that's what they're going for. They're looking for, so with a hinge, you don't, you don't make the, you don't make the release Gopuff, like with a button where you press a button, it's just a rotation of the handle and you don't know when it's gonna Gopuff.


So you draw it back like This. So you're not like letting go with your fingers. It's Is a no, you have a metal release in your hand that has a hook and the hook is attached to a, And so see, by, by just ting your Wrist rotating, rotating it, it breaks it's, and so the, the hook breaks. So that's, and so see the, or some of them use a thumb, like that guy with the yellow and black, that guy. So he's got a thumb trigger. So what he's doing is he's setting the trigger, the barrel, the trigger, right where his thumb is. And he is just using the pulling of his arm to make it Gopuff. He's not executing it with his thumb. Now there's a, a small select. So that's why they all look different when they on the release. Yes. I wondered why they all, they all look like It Exploded.


Their arms all fly backwards. If you watch, see how the arm moves backwards, that's indicative of a surprise shot. That means they're executing it perfectly. So as they're pulling back, so The surprise is that they don't know when it's gonna go. Exactly. They're just executing the technique, which is the pole with the back muscles. You're pulling with your rhomboids and then it's slowly, so goes that chubby guy right there, see like that guy with that hat, the black hat watch, see his fingers, how's curling? See how it goes off. So that's just from his hand curling, that's making the shot Gopuff and But they get it to the position or the area where it's gonna go. Yes. And they've gotta be right. They've gotta be Yes. Poised forward. But the idea is, if you think about it going off and you make it Gopuff, there's some sort of a recoil.


So there's some sort of an anticipation of that recoil. And when you're shooting that precisely, that anticipation of that recoil might make a difference of an inch or two left to right tension. Yes. Sure. That tension. So You, you try to not anticipate. So it truly does surprise You when you are doing that. You do not think about anything else. It clears your mind. When you are just concentrating on that target, you cannot think about your bill. And so You do it. Yes. And, and when you, when a thought does come into your head, it, you don't hit the target. Yes. But it doesn't come in your head. It can't, it's too hard. The, the, the process of aiming is so engrossing.


When you lock in place and you're aiming and then you're pulling back with the shot, like you're all in, you're all there. Especially if you're good. If you're good, that is the only thing you're thinking of. And there's a moving meditation aspect to outta cleansing of your mind. Your, your worries go away. Your thoughts, the things that are bugging you, and I gotta do this and I gotta call that guy back and all it goes away because it's so engrossing. It requires so much of it. So How, how do you affect that yourself? How do you, how do you move that away from the incidental thoughts that pop in? Well, it's just the difficulty of it.


Yeah. Yeah. It's a difficulty of, it actually sort of facilitates your meditative mindset. Because if you're gonna do it right, there's no other way to do it. You, you literally can't be thinking about other things while you're doing it. Well It's, it's not unlike golf. Like if you're thinking about what you gotta pick up on the way home. Exactly. You're Not gonna hit A good goal. Same as pool, when, you know, I play pool at a pretty high level. Like I bet that book would be very beneficial to me. I bet there's some techniques and strategies of how to focus yourself and completely remove yourself from the rest of the world and just think about this mind body connection and this, the execution of this thing that you're trying to do.


All right. I'm gonna try to do that. I know, I, I, I, I, you know, I don't play enough pool and, but I did, I had to, I had to shoot some pool in Groundhog Day. So I, I got with a, like a guy who's a pool expert and he just gave me drills to do. Do you remember his name? No. Okay. But if he remembers he should say hi. Anyway, he taught me a bunch of things and I was very, I'm still very disappointed because when I, we actually shot the scene. I think I made, I think I sank, I think I shot, I think I sent like nine balls and seven balls, eight balls and three shots. And I went, we got that.


And the, and the, and the center tower was like, oh, well let's set, let's set it up here. I'm I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll set up a different shot. I said, what are you talking about? He had half of the table In the show. Oh no. Alright, I'm gonna take a leak Again. Okay. You wanna wrap it up? We can wrap it up. No, that's okay. Okay. All right. Take a leak and come back. Something important. All right. I keep asking them any suggestions, they say, well tell some stories. Okay. You should never ask Suggestions. So where do you come from? I was born in New Jersey, went to high school in Boston, lived all over the country. Lived in San Francisco for a while when I was a kid. Florida. Is that, were you military Or something? No, mother got divorced, married, my stepfather.


He was going to school, went to San Francisco for that, and then Florida, and then eventually Boston. Well, that's pretty good. I mean, I think I always wanted to live in San Francisco. Well, I was in San Francisco during the Vietnam War and the height of the hippie days when I was a little kid. It was pretty wild. It was a very interesting time to, to be there, you know, it was a crazy place. Yeah. Well that's what Hunter was talking about, I think. Yeah. Yeah. My brother was there too. He went to school out there at St. Mary's in Morocco. Oh, okay. And so, but it turned out he was spending a lot of time in Berkeley. Yeah. You know, he wasn't doing that much studying, but he, but what a life he had out there. What a fantastic time to have been there.


And my other friend went to high school at that time, somewhere around there. And I, I, I envied that and I, I, I really liked San Francisco and I, I was there recently. I saw Dr, not Dr. Father Guido Sarducci. Oh, wow. And had, had had dinner with he and with, with him and, and, and Roman Coppola. And we went to an old place called like macaroni or something like that old Italian place. And it was really delightful. What a, I just love San Francisco and I have friends who were like, and we, we started talking about politics a long time ago, like for political reasons. Say, oh, San Francisco, they've ruined San Francisco.


I said, well, and so I was there and I know there's homeless people in San Francisco now, and lots of them. And they're, and there's homeless people in Los Angeles and Santa Monica and anywhere that is warm. Yeah. Especially, and California's the most popular state, but I don't think it's a, I don't think it's a political choice. I mean, I think, isn't it, I mean, I don't know the stats, but these people don't, it's more of a mental health thing. I think It's definitely a mental health issue. So it's not anybody's politics that are making people crazy or maybe No. Well It's, but it's not making people live on the street. But I know I just, I'm sticking up for San Francisco saying it's still, I mean, San Francisco survived the beatniks, it survived the hippies.


It survived the earthquake. It survived aids it survived. Yeah. Everything. It's, it's like a resilient, extraordinary place. You know, it's Still got a lot of extraordinary aspects to it. The problem is they kind of encourage people to, to sleep on the streets and shit anywhere they want. And they didn't do anything about it. And it just got, you Really think they encourage people, they De go financially viable for them to do it. They give them money to do it. They, they, they, they allow, well that sounds like They're paying them the shit on the Street. No, they're paying them so that they don't have to be poor or homeless. I mean, they have a tent and they, they'll help them, they'll subsidize this, this existence. What they need is more mental health care. Is it? But it's a mental health issue. Go.


We've is drug addiction and mental health. That's, that's the real problem. Yeah. So, and when you don't address it, and then you just allow people to camp any way that you want, you're almost sort of encouraging mental health problems to be everywhere, all throughout and just be throughout the entire city. It's just a lack of empathy for the people. If, if you're empathetic for them, you don't let them just camp out and shit on the street. What you do is you try say, Hey, we obviously have a real problem. This needs to be addressed for the greater good of the city. And for these people, they, they need mental health care, they need addiction care. They need, it's a, a real problem that needs to be addressed. You can't just leave them out in the street and let them do whatever they want and become a hazard for everybody else.


Then it makes this city kind of fucked up. Well, I don't know what the, I mean, you know, when you talk, when you speak it, it speak, it sounds like more of a political choice. No, someone's saying, well, it sounds like you're saying they're being, you know, paid to shit on the streets and being saying they mentally ill Paid to, to shit on the streets. They, I mental illness happened first. Yes. Before living On the un the streets. Unquestionably on the street. Unquestionably, it's all during the Reagan administration when they opened up the mental health institutes and just let people out in the streets. Well, It started before that in New York. And that was my experience in New York was like Rockefeller way back when. And I could be wrong, but this is how it was attributed sort of opened up the mental, closed up the mental health hospitals and pushed these many, many, many people out on the streets.


Yeah. That had nowhere to, nowhere to go. And it wasn't like, it wasn't a poverty situation, although it looks like it, when you look at it, it's really a mental health situation. And a great number of these people have no interest in going into a place. Right. They would just as soon live on the street, their life is like an interior monologue that they can't control. And, and living in a home is no different than living on the street. The thing is still going on. The conversation is still going on inside the brain. Well, There has to be a solution for it. Well, okay, but, so I don't disagree that right there has to be a solution. But I don't, I don't think that people are, this is sort of like where, you know, I'd like to think about like, let's not talk politics.


Let's agree. Like what we can agree on. So that solution is like, this is where the great minds of California or the United States need to come together and say, okay, these are, why don't we solve these problems that are common to every, every state has a city that has x number of people living on the street, whether it's Yankton, you know, whether it's, you know, Minneapolis, whether it's, you know, Louisville, whatever. Everyone's got like a street scene situation that's rough like that. And it's, it's hard to say. Let's, you know, you say there's gotta be a solution.


Where's it come? Where's that gonna come from? And who's gonna believe it from, if it comes from this direction or that direction or this side or that side. How do you, how do you like, evaporate the walls of separation and say like, how do we get, how do we get the right people with the right minds to solve these questions? You know, these are, these are real things and, and people argue about 'em when I mean, you and I are are, you know, arguing, but we're talking about Yeah. And neither one of us are sleeping on the street. Right. We both feel compassion for it, You know, em, empathy for it. But, but how do you get people that are far removed, or we could say we're far removed from it to like, allow the solution to take place From one side or the other From one side.


Any side. Who gives a damn who's got it, right? Well, it has to be a, a completely bipartisan thing. Be, we have to look at it in terms of the health of human beings in our community. Right. The, this country's supposed to be our community, these people that are on the street, that they are sad, sick people in our community. And some real effort has to be taken to try to change that instead of just enabled them to keep doing it. That's all I'm saying. I just don't think that the solution is let 'em camp wherever they want. Let him shit in The streets. You can argue I'm not arguing. There's no argument What you're saying. No, no. I Don't think you arguing. There's no argument. So I, you, you were in this situation, you had this, people call it a, a platform or a a, a place where you invite people to come here that are, that can speak to lots of people.


Yeah. How many people watch your show a lot. So there's lots of people watching your show. And when there's people that make sense, it's you, you hear it, it rings a bell. You know, it sounds right. It sounds like that. I wish I knew the answer to, to, to solving these things. And occasionally, like I say, I, you see people with these problem solvers and the problem solvers come, but, you know, people wanna choose their own problem solver. You know, it's, I Guess there's also money in being a problem solver. That's the problem. One of the parts of the big parts of the problem in California in particular is that there's an enormous budget to deal with the homeless. So you have these people that work in these departments that are making quarter million dollars a year that are just working on the homeless problem, which keeps getting worse every year.


There's no incentive to fix anything or change anything. And it's a bunch of bureaucracy. There's a lot of bullshit that gets involved in the, the business. I, a buddy of mine, there's a lawyer who went to San Francisco And you know, he was disturbed by it all. He is like, this is so crazy. Like, what, what is missing? Do we need more funding? And they're like, no. You know, and this guy explained to 'em, no, they literally have a, an incentive to keep the homeless problem. There's an enormous number of people that are making a fantastic living and dealing with the homeless Issue. Who's making money on the homeless? There's, well, There's, there's a giant list of people. We could pull it up if you wanna say, well, we don't need to call 'em out, but there's, I don't need, there's a bunch of, just tell me Like, who, who makes money on the homeless? The people that are involved in these organizations that are dealing with the homeless, whether it's in Los Angeles or in San Francisco.


You mean are they like government people? Yeah, it's, they're all government's Jobs. Yes. It's all funded by the state and there's real jobs, like real money and nothing gets done. Nothing changes. In fact, it gets worse every year. Something needs to be done that shows results. Like what is that? I think it's gotta be compassionate. It's gotta be something that both the left and the right can agree to. Okay. So Here's, so I'm trying to follow you. Okay. God knows. I'm trying. So are you having a hard time? So no, no. I, I think it, we were talking earlier about the agents versus the architects or something like that. Yeah. You used the word that, that explain like the people who are like coming up with the sort of thing. It's like, and I, I was watching something and I've really tried to avoid watching the news lately, but I saw someone talking about, And it was someone that works and you know, you say the word bureaucracy and it's, it's a loaded word and everyone, and we all hate bureaucracy.


There's just a word of it. Yeah. Gives you like a creepy feeling, Frustrating word. Yeah. And so, you know, it's like being on hold for Amtrak or whatever the hell it is. You know, you know, there's someone, You know, oh please God, come back. Okay. So please God come back. And so the idea that, and so there's, this person was talking about the cuts that are gonna come and the talk about eliminating a bureaucracy. And I dunno what particular department this person was in or Not. No, not, that's not what this person was talking about. She Was, but she was Saying, oh, you're talking to a different person. She's a different person. I dunno what your person is. Okay. This is my person. Okay. My person is saying the bureaucracy is like the, the bureaucracy gets sort of like fed from above somehow or other.


It's fed by these people that are the architects of one side or the other. But the actual bureaucracy includes the people that can solve the problem. Like in case in this bureaucracy are people that can solve the problems. And that if you just sort of, you know, I'm not saying this is the case, but if you sort of just like zip a bunch of the bureaucracy out, you, you run the risk of zipping out some of the people that actually have the brains to do the solutions. Mm. And that, And what this person said was, the solution to the bureaucracy is within the bureaucracy that is, is is finding the people that know what they can, what what can be done.


Because they really do have the data. They really do work. They actually do show up for work and they actually have the data on how to do this thing. But because it keeps being fed from above All the time, there's just all this extra debris and noise that keeps coming down that causes more clutter and more splitting and more something. Yeah. So, you know, I'm not going to suggest that I could solve the question of bureaucracy today, but I think there's something about what we have. We, we have the people, you know, I sort I, I'm, I'm going Gopuff on tangents now, but I always kind of was, had an objection to Tom Brokaw's book The Greatest Generation.


'cause I thought like, damnit, that's not my generation. Why? How do they get that? You know? But I did start reading some of it recently and he's too his credit, he's finding people that are very singular in that generation. That which generation is he referring to? Well, he's talking about the generation that won World War ii. Okay. And that generation was formed by the Great Depression. You know, it was, that was part of what they had. And then they had a world war that lasted five years. And it's really hard for people of a certain age to understand, you know, like you think you have problems with your relationship, have your, have your your lover go away for five years and see how well you're doing upon that person's return.


Right. See what the hell that's like for five years. And like, you didn't answer my letter, you know, my letter, your letter what letter, You know, your letter never came, You know, I was under fire, whatever it was. And then they come back Shellshock. And then you come back with Shellshock on top of it. And then back then the sort of kind of, I don't wanna say macho thing, but back then people just didn't want to talk about it. Which to me was the, what is part of what created the hippie generation was kids couldn't get their parents to talk about anything that they thought mattered. Right. They, they, what their parents were talking about was like, huh, wait, what about peace, love, and what's so wrong about peace, love, and understanding.


Right. Right. Right. So, and they couldn't get to that because even the idea of peace was a completely different concept to someone that lived through a world war. Yeah. Or lived through a depression. So the, these kids were like, I don't even understand who these people are. I know I'm, they're fleshing blood, but I don't know that, I don't know what the hell they know and why they're this way. But he chose people that very, that lived a very intentional purpose in during that very, very difficult challenging time where they just went, I don't know what, I don't know, I don't know what all this is, but I do what I do know. I do know what I do know.


And stay through that. And that's, I guess that, I don't know how this relates me to this idea of bureaucracy, but people that do know the facts have got to stay with the facts. Even in the face of like All the blunder busing above about, you know, there's this and there's that. You've got to be really dedicated to what you do know and, and realize that there's lots that you don't know. But if you give up what You know in the name of, you know, jostling over here, you know, then, then there's even more lost.


Yeah. No, I, I agree. And I think most people who get involved, particularly if they get involved in something like homeless or you know, any, any, any charitable organization, most of the people who get involved aren't doing it cynically. They're not doing it to get that big paycheck. Their initial reason for being involved in something like that is to help. The problem is sometimes when they realize it's just a big clog and you're not gonna be able to do any meaningful good, then things get weird and then you just sort of exist off of this system that's not doing anybody any good. This is his argument about why so many people are working on this and nothing's getting better. Alright. So who's this one? When you say This, my friend ion noir, this is my friend who's a lawyer who went to San Francisco and, and saw this And so, And had a conversation with someone who's actually in government in San Francisco and was explaining what the problem actually is.


And the government people say it's just, it's the government they plug And what do they Say? What is there no incentive? There's no incentive for them to do a better job. And there's a very compassionate perspective in the city. They're very kind people and they don't want to take these homeless people and remove them. And that this sort of suicidal empathy that they have for the people in their city is causing this rash of tents everywhere and crime. And, you know, you can't, you have to leave your fucking car unlocked, otherwise they're gonna smash your windows. And it's just, that's what his perspective is. It's that there's no real incentive to do anything different because these people are still getting paid to keep it the way it is.


It's not, they, they, the amount of money they make is not based on how much good they do. So like, if, if they're financially, if they're incentivized to, like, you get paid more. If more people clean up, seek treatment, get get on medication, get to a mental health institution. Yeah. If you can show some sort of progress, it'll affect how much money you get. And vice versa. If you do, if you have no progress and nothing gets done and the problem actually gets worse, perhaps you're not doing a good job. Well, that sort of makes sense, doesn't it? It does. Like you get results. Yes. You, you, you know, you, you get encouraged by getting more money, but yeah. So does this remind you of anything?


It reminds me of everything reminds me of the government itself. What does it remind you of? Well, I, I feel like there's something hanging over our, our heads here that's like this, this situation. And maybe it's just a continuous situation of, of like a, a world that gets more and more people All the time and, and more people wanna have a voice. And there's just more people shouting all at once. And there's, there's, we don't, there's not quite the same kind of agreement. We don't have like a, an ideal that we're all working for, you know, I guess not to like cheat, but you know, the, the greatest generation, they had to fight a war to maybe save like the cas sort of structure of Western civilization, you know?


Right. And there is that argument, you know, right. That if the, the Nazi party had do, had defeated England, that that, And you know, You know, you know, life would be different. Life would've been different, You know, and if, and if that kind of dictatorship kind of world had gone further, you know, that we'd have been, it would've been a different world. It wouldn't have it grown the way it is. But now it's grown. It's, there's this freedom. The war was fought the war. I believe there was a great quote, one of those books. Like, there's no such thing as a bad piece or something like that. There's all kinds of different, but I feel like this, like, there's no, no sort of idea that we can agree that people can agree on.


That's the source of like a reason for being. Well it's a very uniting thing to be all together against a common enemy that is real like World War ii. Like there's a real purpose to life. People understand that this is a very important mission. This is something that unfortunately it's one of the, the best ways to unite people is a threat from the outside's. That's all we've come up with. Well, that's what happened in, yeah. After nine 11. Do you remember in nine 11? Everywhere in LA people driving around with American flags on their car. I'll Never forget nine 11, what it was like to walk down the streets in New York after nine 11. There was nothing like I've ever experienced in my whole life.


Right. It was bizarre. And but it was also very united. Like, people were together. It was, People looked into each other's eyes. You walked by someone on the street Yeah. And every person on the street looked right in your eyes. Yeah. And that lasted for weeks. I never saw, I mean, people in New York walked with their head down, they look right, they're saying they're reading a paper, but people just looking by like, okay, we're in this. Yeah. Together. Yeah. And I think some people actually obviously hated the act of what happened, but loved the way people reacted and how people felt with each other. It did feel different. New York City felt friendly. It felt united. It felt like people were proud to be American.


We were, we're all together. There's bad people out there. They did this to us, but we're all together. Well, okay, so what we have here with the situation of like, just using San Francisco is the, is the idea is like, it's just a gentler version of something that we could all say. This is something that we have to Yes. Go To war about or, Yeah. Well it's a task. Whether it's Yeah. Any, any kind of a problem that we have as a group that we all are affected by. Yes. Or care about. Well, it's too easy to ignore. It's too easy to just say, oh, there's a tents, let's go this way. And the, the reality is the health of the community. I I it's dependent upon the health of the lowest members of the community on the social rung.


The lowest members of the people that are sick. And if you don't take care of them, if you don't take care of the people that are mentally ill, that are homeless, that are addicted to drugs, that are on the street, that are desolate, they don't have friends, don't have love, don't have structure, don't have anything that they can call upon horrible childhood, the whole deal. If you don't, if you don't look at them, then your society's sick. Because this is the, the foundation of the society is the people. If you've got a group of people that are part of your community and you're completely ignoring their plight, that's not good for anybody. That's not good for big business. That's not good for the common folk. That's not good for the people in the neighborhood. It's not good for anybody. And it's gotten so far because it's so big now. The problem is so enormous. It's almost too big to tackle.


It's almost like, okay, you're dealing with la you're dealing with a hundred thousand people living on the street. That's so many fucking people. That's the entire population of Boulder. That's Boulder, Colorado tents on the street in la That's crazy. It's almost too big. And I talked to Mayor Adler, who was the mayor of Austin at the time when I first moved here. And he was, he had a bunch of plans in place to help the homeless people. And they did an amazing job. 'cause it got pretty bad here during the pandemic. I remember there being homeless here. Yeah. They, They got hotels. They put people up, they put together programs, they got people jobs. They ch they, they, there's a company that we've had, what is his name that we, Alan, that we had in here.


Alan Graham. Yeah. From Loaves and Fishes, who we went, I went and visited his community. They set up, he has this, this community where they build houses for these people. They bought an enormous piece of land outside of Austin. And he sets up work programs for these people. Gives them a sense of purpose. It's an amazing place to be. They're doing art and selling art. It's working. Yes, it's working. Yeah. I mean, it doesn't work with everybody, but it works with a lot of them. And these people, they have a sense of community. They all live in a safe area. And you know, we walked around, I brought my kids, we walked around there. It was like, the whole thing was really nice. It was really wonderful. It was really cool what he's doing Well, how did that Well, so that guy, his plan, his way of working needs to obviously get out, scale up out there.


It's gotta it's gotta get around. So how do he lives there? Did he make it? Huh? He lives there. And this is a, a guy that has money. How did he, he lives in the community with those people Way he did that. This man must be deputized. Well He's a Christian, like a real Christian, like in the greatest sense of the word. Like, he's a guy who really believes in reaching out to people and helping people. This is, yeah, this is all right here. He is just a wonderful guy, like a really beautiful person and lives with these people. They're his neighbors and they're constantly bringing people in. And he has all these different programs that people can sign up for to learn arts and crafts and learn how to sell things that you've made. And it's really cool. And you know, I mean, he's doing his part.


He, he's, it's small in relation to like, the problem of San Francisco or, but you need people like that. No, but it's that really dedicate themselves to it. Yeah. I've heard of Loaves and Fishes that this sounds, I I didn't know all of this about it. It's pretty amazing. It's a pretty amazing place that he's got. And he's expanding it. He's, they're, they're building new ones right now. So there's these small houses that these people live in and they all have like a community kitchen where they can go and barbecue and grill outside. And there's an arts and craft center. These people, they, they make cool chess pieces and they sell them, they make paintings and they sell them jewelry. They're doing all these different things and they, it gives 'em a sense of purpose. You gotta get this guy to San Francisco.


Yes. Well you need more people like him. It's what it is. It's just, he's a very unique guy. Well, people, They've got a, there must be people, there Must be like him, but you, I mean, it's a lot. I mean, he lives with them. I mean, he's in the community. He has one of those little houses in this, you know, giant area filled with people and he's with them for encouragement And, you know, it's, it's a beautiful thing. It sounds really amazing. Yeah. It's beautiful. Okay. Should We wrap it up? Bill Murray? Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry I'll keep you so long. No, it was amazing. It's an honor to meet you. I really enjoyed it very much. And I, I appreciate talking to you. Thank you. And thanks for the shirt and thanks for the shorts. Yeah. Well I'm gonna wear those.


Okay. But you know, I, I will just say that those shorts are very, are they're forgiving shorts. Okay. So if you've had a big meal, good. Beautiful. You know, they still fit you. I Like that. They're good. Can people buy these? Can they, are they available for sale? Yeah. Yeah. They sell 'em. Where do they go? It's called William Marie Golf. I, they sell 'em, they sell 'em online a lot. And they, I know they sell 'em, they sell 'em in like golf shops some places in some stores there. That's, that's high right there. That's it. Beautiful. Yeah. That's it William. Well look at that guy. Look at that. Look at a handsome fucking model. Yeah. That's a model. That's A good looking fella. Ah, let's get out. Alright.


That may be a model too. Hey, he's definitely a model. He's beautiful. Well, Thank you very much. I really enjoyed it. Same here. Thank you. Enjoyed it. Thank you.