
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience. Train by Day. Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day. Alright, Perfect. What's happening man? Good to see you. Thank you for having me back. My pleasure. How many times a day do you get bombarded by the whole Bill ber thing? When it gets into the family and people I haven't talked to for 20 years, Then you have to break character and tell the truth. No, you know, the thing is, this is what's crazy. Okay. You want the whole setup story? Sure. That could be quick. Sure, sure, sure. So where I take my podcast is in one of Howie Mandel's buildings and he has another building in this area.


So I was working on something and, and I was supposed to go on Howie show that day and they said, how will you meet you out in the street or something, for whatever reason. So I go out in the street and the first thing he says to me when he sees me, he goes, here comes Bill Burr. And I go, you too. Like, do you know this story? And he said, no, I don't know about it. And I said, you know what? Heck with it. I'm just gonna tell it on your show. So don't ask me anymore. And I wanna show. And I told this story about my, how 10 years ago my stepmother came to me and said, do you know who Bill Burr is? I never heard of Bill, didn't know who he was 'cause I don't really consume much, you know, popular culture. I had no idea he was a famous comedian. He could have been the lawnmower guy looked up Bill. First thing I saw was like, oh my God, he looks just like daddy.


When I was 18 years old at an ihop my, on my 18th birthday, my father told me, you have a half brother that I sied at the same time as you, whose name is Bill. So suddenly these facts come together. My mother telling me these stories. I talked to my dad subsequently about it and he was very cagey about it. And when I said, why won't you tell me where this person is or who this person is, he said, I'm trying to protect you. So when my stepmother had told me, it kind of made sense like, well if, if my half brother is the super famous comedian, my dad in a way wouldn't want me to know because he wouldn't want me to feel like I was number two. Because Bill's so famous.


I know it sounds crazy, right? You think that's why he was trying to protect you? Well, I don't know. So, so fast forward to Howie saying something on the streets. So I was like, you know what? I'm just gonna say something. And I swear to God, hand in my heart, last time I was with you in California, I almost pulled you aside after we were on, and I was gonna tell you the story 'cause I knew you knew Bill. And I was gonna back channel, see if there was anything to the story from Bill's side. Wow. So imagine seven, I think six or seven years since we talked on your show. Yeah. I Don't even Know 2018. Somebody said to me today. But, so anyway, sorry to talk over you. But the point is, is so here I am, fast forward, I'm just sick of seeing memes of my face with bills. And so I just decide on a spur of the moment. You know, so Howie Of course loves it, but I said on on Howie's show that first time, I don't think Bill's my half brother.


I don't think, I don't think there's anything there other than a, like an uncanny resemblance. Fast forward, the thing comes out, it gets a little bit of social media and then it goes away. And I think good. And Bill didn't say anything. So I figured Bill was kind of like, whatever, it was a mild amusement, you know, he could have made a joke outta the whole thing and he didn't. So then Howie calls me and I'm in LA working recently and Howie's like, we've come on the show Bill's gonna be on. And I said, is Bill cool with it? Oh yeah, no problem. So then I go there and it's like, it turns into this thing that you see happening on camera. It's like, it's weirdness times. It's like a, like a, like a skit, but it's real and, and Bill's on me then Bill's on Howie. And it gets just, okay.


So I just told you basically everything I know, okay. I have people I've known for 20, 30 years coming up to me going, what do you think? And I said, I don't, I don't, I don't think we're related. I mean, yeah, there's a resemblance, but I don't think we're related. Well did you get a DNA test? And I'm like, no, I don't. There's nothing to get a DNA test for. Well I think he's your brother. So people that know me and I'm telling him I don't think he's my brother now they want a DNA test to prove it. That's how much it is taken on a life of his Phone. Do you think it's just because they want a DNA test? 'cause it's fun if he's your Brother? No. No. They're convinced. For real. For real? Yes. Really? For real. I swear to God. I mean PE people, I'm close to people that were at my wedding.


I'm like, they like, no, you need a DNA test. Did Bill's dad know? Well, did your dad know Bill's mom? No, my father wouldn't talk to me about it at all. Okay. Some more context. Okay. My stepmother in that same time, 10 years ago when she told me that she thought Bill Burr was my half brother, Jesus, this guy, I don't know. Right? I mean, just imagine if I tell you, Hey, do You know Joe Polanski? Right? And you look up and it's a famous comedian that's, You know what I mean? That was right. Right, right. So in that same thing with my stepmother, she told me that she thought my father had sied 12 children. Whoa. You know, All Over the place. All over the place. He was traveling musician and a whore to his own admittance.


So it kind of makes sense. He once told me he had slept with a thousand women. Jesus. So 12 out of a thousand, you know what I mean? It's Normal odds. The Yeah. The Mather's actually Pretty good. Yeah. And so when I went to my father and I told him what my stepmother had said, he got really cagey and wouldn't tell me anything. He promised me that he would write down the names of the, of the illegitimate children on a piece of paper so I could find them after he died. Oh my God. And he died. He's died. And there's no paper. Oh my God. So now I got people wanting DNA tests because they're convinced that Bill is my half Brother. Is Bill willing to do a DNA test? I think That's ridiculous. You know what I'm saying? It's like, No, you have to do it.


No, No, that's, That's What I'm saying. I mean, first of all, to Bill's credit, he's been, you can, everything you saw on camera was his, I think his general irritation on the thing. But he also kind of finds it funny 'cause he's A comedian. I thought it was a skit. I thought you guys put together a skit. I really did. I thought you got, 'cause I thought, you know, bill does a lot of acting. I thought you guys were just fucking around you like pro wrestling. I thought you guys just decided to troll The world. Okay, let me put it to you this way. Have you ever seen it? And I, well, I'm assuming, but you tell me if I'm wrong, two guys get in the ring to roll around a bit, right? Okay. They're bros they're gonna roll around a bit. Emotions kick in, and next thing you know, somebody's tapping somebody out.


Right? Yeah. Do you ever see that happen? For sure. Okay. Yeah. So in the, in the heat of that moment with Bill and Howie egging it on, you know, like the emotionality of the thing came out because it's a sort of an, it's, it's, it's sort of a weird thing where like, we're suddenly in the middle of a situation, it's like a meta situation, Right? So yes, on some level we were playing along, but then it starts to become like, wait, this is kind of weird. And then it starts to kick in and then Billy Bush is in there and it just, it took on a life of its own. So what I'm saying is, is there's enough there that people are all over me to come up with more answers. But you see what I'm saying? I do see, it's like, it's, its spun out of control into its own thing.


Now it's a DNA test problem. Oh My God. Which is a bit on its own. Like, we gonna do like a live stream with, we'll do it here, me, you, and Bill, like, you know what I mean? Well, People would trust you if the two of you got together and just both took a DNA test and found out you were brothers. I don't think Bill's my half brother, but he, he looks Well, listen, there's a simple way to find out. I'll finance it. How much is a DNA test? How much does a DNA test cost to find out if someone's your sibling? Jamie, let's find out. It can't be that much money. It's 2025. I'll do it. We get it sponsored. Yes. Maybe 23 and me. But didn't they get sell out to somebody? Somebody buy them 200 bucks. 200 bucks. There You go. I'll pay 200 bucks to find out. Why wouldn't you wanna know?


If I thought somebody who was my half brother, I'd be like, for real? I, I don't think it's necessary. If I found out Sebastian Manis Alco was my half brother, I'd be like kinda, I could kind of see that. Maybe. Again, all I know is I don't think, but when I look at him, he looks just like my father. Right. He doesn't look, we look similar-ish, but when he, when I look at him, he's got the same thing as my dad had. I don't know how to, you would know if somebody looked like your dad. Sure. Right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So that's where it's freaky for me. Yeah. And, and you know, if you wanna play the game one step further, you've got two worldclass communicators. People might argue against me calling myself world-class communicator, but I've been doing it for over 30 years.


You're a world class Communic. God bless you. So it, it's not too crazy that you'd have one guy go this way and one guy, you know what I mean? Not at all. No. Especially when you consider how many different ways you've gone. Like not just smashing pumpkins, but pro wrestling. You know, it's Like you and, and now. And now I'm Enter your game. Yeah. Which is podcasting.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. Being independent is good, but you should never be afraid to ask for help when you need it. After all, we're only human. We can't know everything. That's why it's crucial to have a support system. People you can go to when it gets rough. Think of friends, family members, your partner, hell, even your dog when you're feeling down. Spending time with a furry friend could be a good pick me up. But I get it. Sometimes you don't want to or can't go to them for help for these moments. Try therapy. It can be a good source of support in any area of your life. Whether you're working on personal relationships, job stress or something else. Therapy can teach you a multitude of different things to help you be your best self. Like how to set boundaries, when to let go of toxic relationships And what to do when you feel overwhelmed. And even more importantly, you can do it in a safe space. If you think therapy might be a good option for you, A good place to start is better help. They have a diverse network of therapists and everything is online, which can be very convenient. If you need a last minute session. It's also very easy to switch therapists if it's not working out. Build your support system with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/jre to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE lp.com/jre.


So you're in all kinds of stuff and you easily could have been a comedian as well. I Don't think I'm that funny, but You're funny. There's a lot of people that are professional comedians that aren't as funny as You see. Okay. I assume, you know, carrot Top. Sure. Very well. Okay. Okay. So Carrot Top and I have become friends recently. He's great. Love him. This total sweetheart, sweetheart of a guy and really m genuine, just a great guy to know. Yeah. But as you know, because you do this for a living, suddenly everybody wants to start pitching you bits. So I made the mistake, ah, of pitching Carrot top a bit. I thought I had a good bit for him and he didn't respond. You know what I mean? And then I texted him like an hour later and I said, Hey, you just get that bit I sent. He goes, yeah, that's why I didn't respond.


Yeah. People get tired of that. Also, it's like most comics, they want it to be their idea. Like the whole idea you're, what you're doing on stage is essentially like, here's the world from my eyes. I see, I see. Yeah. It's like somebody telling me how to write a song. I get that. Right. It's one thing for another comic, like comics give each, we give each other tags. Like if someone says something, I said, you know what else you can add to that, add this. Oh, I see. Like we're a buddy of mine was doing this bit on the, the guy who tried to shoot Trump, and we were bantering back and forth and we came up with like the per perfect line. Like, oh There It's, but it was already his premise and his bit comics ad to stuff for each other for fun. It's like we, we just, we sort of, you're tossing the ball around in the green room and then someone will come up with a new line for you and we'll do that.


But no one ever says, Hey, you should go on stage and talk about this. Yeah. So that's, I I, so I I've I've, I've had a couple professional comedians, carrot top, pre preeminent among them, kind of let me know You're not that funny. It's probably not that you're not that funny. It's, first of all, you send a text premises and texts are terrible. Oh right, okay. Like, You really have to Be the tone. Tone is probably, Yeah. It's everything. And you really have to be there with the person and you really have to like, say it the way you thought it and then they get it. Because then, then Texas, just, unless it's just genius, unless it's just like rock solid structure, like, oh my God, this joke can't fail. Well, We do have a movie idea that we're working on. Oh yeah. And it's a good one.


What is it? I can't give it away. I'll tell you privately, but Okay. It's a good one. About you And Carrot Top. Yeah. Oh, nice. That he likes. Okay. He likes my, my movie idea. Yeah. I'm telling you a lot of it is that comics don't like people coming to them with, with a premise. They don't, they, they, they only want I I and they only want help from other comics generally. Okay. I get that. Yeah. It's just one of those things. And even then it's touchy. Like, I would never help somebody. I don't know, I would never go up to 'em, Hey, you should say this. Like, never, never, never, never, never. Yeah. It's gotta be like your friend, they know you love em. You can you fucking around. Yeah. You can talk, You can say, did you ever try say that? You know, you know what you left out like you forgot. And they're like, oh, I forgot about that.


Yeah. Yeah. That's a big part of the bit. Yeah. I never tried standup. So that's, that's, you can do it. It seems terrifying to me. But, Eh, so singing on stage, you could do it. It's a lot easier to scream with, You know, 50,000 watts behind your voice, you know, than than tell a joke and bomb it. Bomb. Is it? Because You can suck at that. And then it's terrifying too. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's all hard to do anything at the highest level. That's true. It's hard to do. That's true. You're doing arena shows. I've watched a lot of people perform in front of arenas singing. It's hard. That's a hard thing to do. Most people freak the fuck out. Yeah. I don't know if some that, that part doesn't bother me. Strangely. Well that's why you good at it. Right? I feel like I'm, I I kind of know what I'm doing up there for some reason.


Well also I think it's like there's a buildup, right? You start working in small clubs, you make your way to larger places and then that's eventually you sell more and more records. Like Smashing Pumpkins is like, they burst on the scene and sort of keep, get you guys kept getting more Oh yeah. And more popular. So you kind of got accustomed to it. Yeah. You do normalize to the Yeah. The insanity of standing in front of 10,000 people. Same as comedy, you normalize. What's the biggest show you've ever done Comedy? 25,000. That's a lot of people. Yeah. Me and Chappelle, we sold out the Tacoma Dome and we were, we were standing backstage. I'll never forget it. He, he looked at me like right before he goes on stage. He goes, not a lot of motherfuckers get to do this.


We were just laughing. How fun. Yeah. Much fun. We were having, yeah. 25,000 people. It was crazy. In the round too. In the round. Yeah. It was very fun though. It was very fun. I actually know Dave from way back in the day. He's the best. When he first first kind of burst on the scene, we used to hang out a little bit. So I feel like it's cool that I knew him. Like, what Year Is this? Like, er, like remember he did like a couple things in SNL like really early on or he was kind of around tv. It was like when he, the first year he was on television, I don't remember. I'd see him in New York and he was hanging out with some other, maybe it was 'cause he was hanging out with SNL people. Oh. And I'd see him out in New York back as gosh, with like late nineties. Yeah. Early two thousands. And so, okay. I knew him when, I don't wanna say he was a nobody, but I like he wasn't famous.


Yeah, he was, he wasn't a known. Right. I, I'd seen him on tv, but he wasn't like a household name like he is now. Right, Right, right. And so It's, so, there, there was this one night where I was out, I did a benefit for Roger Waters and, and military vets. It was amazing in New York. It was all these guys who were like single double and triple amputees playing Pink Floyd music. And so I did this concert with the, with Roger. So afterwards somebody came and said, oh, Chappelle's in this hotel, you know, and I hadn't seen him for a few years. And I said, well, I know him. And, and you could see people think like, you don't know, you know what I mean? So when he came by, he's like, ah, you know, it was like that moment of like, see motherfuckers. I do know him. So what a great guy though. Such a, He's a genuine person.


What A Yeah, he's another sweetheart. Just a sweet, sweet guy. Easy to hang out with. Very fun. Oh Yeah. I mean the guy, like guys with that kind of mind is just, it's just, it blows my mind. 'cause they just, I mean, you could, I I just thought I could sit, listen to him for hours. He's also, he's kind of a legend for what he did, you know? Oh, walked away. Left Comedy Central in the height of Chappelle's show, passed up on a $50 million deal, went to Africa, hung out there, and then came back and didn't do standup for 10 years. Didn't he? Standup? I didn't that I didn't know that He didn't do standup for 10 years prior. He would do standup occasionally for free. Okay. So what he would do is he'd bring like a speaker to the park and like set up a mic in the park in Seattle and just start doing standup.


And everybody like, holy shit is, was he Making any money or was he Nope. Just living off of his Chappelle's show money. He had a ton of money. I didn't know that part. He made millions of dollars from the show. Passed up on 50, but probably made, I remember that. And you know, this, It became a big conspiracy thing. Yes. It became a conspiracy why he Left. And he, he was saying no to the Illuminati. Right. All that stuff. Right, right, right. Those are always fun. Have Some Alex stuff. Right. You know what I mean? It's like, what Are you sure that's what happened? I, I kind of know what happened because the, the, the people that were running Comedy Central back then, I had dealt with, there were, it was a, it was a nice, folks shouldn't have been running comedy. They shouldn't have been telling comedians what to do. And they wanted to, They were back to telling comedians what to do.


It Was, well it was a situation where a bunch of non creatives had gotten involved in the process. I'm sure you're familiar with that happens. This, this is so, so dear to my heart. It's Disgusting. It's the worst, the worst aspect to show business. You, you start dealing with money people and then they start doing something that they're not supposed to be doing. Which was like adding, changing, directing, moving ideas. And then you're dealing with literal morons that somehow or another got this job and they're telling you how to do what you're doing. Which is what is the best sketch show in the world. And still, still popular. It's as good as any sketch show that's ever existed. And they only did two seasons. So he just decides, I'm just gonna be an artist.


I'm just gonna hang out. I'm not gonna make any money. He would do like, show up at open mic nights. So they'd have open mic nights for like musicians play folk songs. And at the end of that, like midnight, he would pull up and start talking. And by 15 minutes in his set, everybody had told everybody that Dave Chappelle's there. So then the place is packed. Yeah. And he did this for like 10 years. I didn't know that part. Yeah. He just fucked around. We'd, he'd hear about 'em just showing up places and fucking around. I love that. And then somewhere, I think it was like 2013, 14 starts doing standup again. Yeah. And then boom. Yeah. That's, that's really how it all went down. It's, it's really a testament to his p the power of his talent. Because my wife, who's 32, she loves him.


And it's so cool because like, we went to see him, I think at Radio City Music Hall and it's so cool. 'cause it's like, you know, I'm 57, she's 32. It's like that he can speak to both of us. Right. So Yeah, like right to the heart, it's, it's really a rare gift. I mean, he, I, you know, you got a picture out there, Richard Pryor, who was, you know, from Illinois, like myself and my father loved Richard Pryor. And so because of my father's love Richard Pryor, I paid a lot of attention to Richard when I was, when I was a kid. And he strikes me, he's got that, that transcendent ability to somehow almost heal the country Right. With his messaging. Yeah. The bits Aren and Murphy had that too in his own way. But to me, chappelle's more in the, the prior mode of like, somehow he can address issues that are uncomfortable.


Yeah. And, and, and, and I know a lot of people have issues with what he says, but I, I ultimately see what he's trying to do is heal things. Yeah. Very much like Pryor. Whereas Eddie Murphy was just really, really funny. You know, it's just really, really funny. And he still, to this day, I always to this day, I'm like, why doesn't that guy come back? He, he did this one thing when he got the Mark Twain award where he did this whole impression of Bill Cosby finding out they had to give away one of his awards because of he was caught up in the scandal. And so he is doing a Cosby impression and it's fucking genius. It's dead on. He's doing like brilliant standup and he hasn't touched standup in 25, 30 years. Yeah. I mean you would think he would just do one victory lap tour.


I mean, If he wanted to it would be sold about talk about stadiums. Oh my God. And I get


this episode is brought to you by my friends at Black Rifle Coffee. That's all I drink folks. If you see me drinking coffee in the studio, it's Black Rifle coffee. It's 'cause my friend Evan Fer, who owns a company I love him to death and they make the best coffee in the world. They put together the best energy drink in America made with 200 milligrams of naturally sourced caffeine, low calories and absolutely zero sugar. It's available in four new delicious flavors. Project Mango Ranger Berry Freedom Punch and White Frost Veteran founded and veteran led. Each black rifle coffee purchase you make helps them give back to those who serve our nation Shop now@blackriflecoffee.com slash Joe Rogan with the code Rogan for 30% off. Or visit your local grocery and convenience stores Black Rifle Coffee America's Coffee.


Guarantee you that guy would be the best. He, he was so fucking talented, but just decided it was just too much. I'd rather just do movies. Yeah. Which is kind of crazy. But Pryor never did. Obviously Pryor kept doing stand Time. Has anyone ever tried to pull you in the movie, movie Orbit? Yeah. Yeah. I'm not like Action Hero or Yeah, I'm not interested. I'm not interested. They only offer me parts like a serial killer. So I always turn it down. Yeah. I mean there's been a few tempting ones, but no, I don't have that kind of time and I, I also don't have the desire to do it. It's not something I enjoyed. Like Sitting on that set all day seems like it's a lot of Work. It's hard. And to be a real good actor, like a really good actor, you know, the, the rehearsing and the, the practicing and the going over the character, it's like I couldn't do it because I don't have the time.


I, it would require everything I have. Yeah. If you really wanted to do it. Right. If I really wanted to do a role in a movie where I, I played somebody, I would have to fucking really spend time not doing anything but that, you know? Yeah. It's just not, that's not my jam. There's people out there that do it. I'm glad they do it 'cause I love movies. Yeah. But I don't wanna do it. Did You watch the Oscars? I Did not. Me neither. I never watch award shows. I don't think you should give away awards for art. I think it's silly. I don't get it. I think it's dumb. I think it's all really who's making money is the people that are putting it on television. I mean, that's really what it is. It's just a big money grab.


They're all just selling advertising and everybody's wearing a tux. And it's like, Well certainly the public's growing disinterest in awards. Yeah. Shows is some indication that people no longer believe in either the integrity of the process or the, or the maybe the intent of the process. Right. Well, the integrity of the process and the intent are both compromised. Right. 'cause there's, there's people that like you could kind of guess just by the subject of some movies, whether or not they're gonna win an award. Yeah. Because, you know, people feel obligated to address this very important message. Yeah. The guy who won Best Picture I was actually in talks with about five years ago. 'cause he had made some really cool movies. He made one on, on a, on cell phones call, I think it was called Tangerine, about prostitutes working the streets in LA And he got two street workers, I believe.


And then he cast them. So it was a movie, it wasn't a documentary, it was really beautiful movie. And then he did that movie called the Florida Project, where he, at the end of the movie, they actually snuck into Disney World and shot stuff and somehow Disney let it go. Really? Yeah. But it was kind of about the social milieu around a place like Disney World, like what goes on outside the gates. Oh. People living in motels and kind of perpetual tourist economy kind of living hand to mouth and kind of using the tourism, the white whale of tourism to just get enough money. 'cause there's always some turnover, you know, whether it's running scams and stuff. So he made a really beautiful movie about that as well. So I, I was in talks with him for a while about doing something and then it just didn't go anywhere. But like what kind of scams?


I can't remember. 'cause 'cause it's been a few years since. But it is just the idea that anywhere there's a tourist economy, there's money to be made. Right. You know, there's the guy standing on the corner selling brochures or hustling you into a van to see where the stars live. It was kind of about That. Right, right, right. About a cast of characters living in the shadow of, of this idealistic place. Right. Just like those Hollywood tour people that you would get in LA Yeah. Yeah. Those were the, the weirdest fucking people. Well I always get offended when I walk down Hollywood Boulevard and they, they think I wanna go on it. You know? I mean, it's like, I don't know what it is. They, I feel like I don't wanna go on your tour. You look like A guy. Totally. I get Offended. Get on a tour. I don't on your tour. Tour Just got off the boat.


Yeah. Just came here from Nebraska. Totally. Yeah. Like, gee, I wonder where the stars live. You know, That's such a creepy thing to do. Just drive around and point. That's where Ben Affleck Sleeps. But they've been doing it since the thirties. Yeah. Forever. Yeah. I mean, I, I have some of the old brochures, you know, see where Greta Garba lives and all that stuff. It's just always been weird. Well, back then it was even weirder. 'cause those were the first stars. Well back then, I mean they, they, they went way out of their way to turn them into gods, you know, that they airbrush the shit outta every photo and, and they Right. They cover up scandals. There's that one famous scandal where one of the top male stars, maybe it was Gary Cooper, Carrie Grant ran somebody over in a car.


Really? You know about that? No, you might wanna look that one up. I know the fatty vocal One. It, no, it was a top, a level star. I think he was drunk. Ran over somebody in a car and somebody from the studio went to jail for like seven years and took the rap. Whoa. So that the star could stay out and the studio paid the guy like a stipend to go to jail. Wow. It's a very famous story. So some guy did seven years or something. That's crazy. You know, there's a similar story about that in China with the bodies exhibit. You know the Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. There was a woman who was married to a mayor of one of the cities in China. And this woman who was married to this mayor, the, the mayor was having an affair with a TV newscaster.


And she got the tv, he got the TV newscaster pregnant. And apparently there was a confrontation between the woman and the wife. And the lady winds up missing. She gets scrubbed from the internet. I mean, she's scrubbed, there's only like a photo of her on the internet. Wow. And then all of a sudden in the Body Works exhibit, there's an eight month pregnant woman. Oh no. Who they believe is this newscaster. Here's the other part. The woman who's the, the mayor's wife is also the manager of the local plaster nation factory where they take the bodies and they emerge them. They, they immerse them in these solvents and turn them into statues.


This woman was the manager of the place that produced the woman with the eight month fetus in her body. And You can still see it like it's on tour. You can go see this lady who was most likely murdered. So then she didn't just kill that lady, she poisoned some British businessman. So she poisons this guy and she has to go to trial. Well, she doesn't go to trial. Some other woman goes to trial who doesn't look anything like her, raises her right hand. The whole thing goes to jail. So she probably paid some family off, some poor family. I'll give you a million dollars. Give up your daughter.


She goes to jail. Everybody's wr. It's not a bad jail. She's gonna do yoga. Play checkers. Have you heard the ones where like, 'cause there's so much plastic surgery in Asia where guys are suing their wives because they marry some women that they gets hot and then the kid comes out and the kid's not very good Looking jawline. Totally different. Different nose. Yeah. There's a lot of plastic surgery over there in Korea. It's nuts. They do their eyes. And this like strange. Somebody told me as much as 75% of the women in South Korea have surgery. What? Yeah. Is it really? Somebody who's Korean told me that. I don't know if that's True. Google that. Jamie, we need to find this out. This is important information. Because last time I was in Korea I was like, wow, these women here are really hot. Like this was like woman after woman after woman. And somebody pulled me aside and said, bro, that's like, that's just all plastic surgery.


That's not real. Wow. One Third As many as up to 50% or higher. Maybe some people have Said a lot of liars. A lot of them ladies are lying about it. Up to 50% or higher. Well, higher Could be like 75%. I like, I like this whole new business of like plastic surgery, tourism where it's like cheaper to get on a plane and go somewhere. Oh. Like go to Turkey and get your Yeah. Somebody was transplant recently trying to talk me to go to South Korea to get some work done on my face. It's like, so like what? I guess the idea would be you could go and recover over there. Your neighbors don't have to see you with bandages over your head. No, I think it's the idea. It's cheap. It's cheaper. Yeah. Cheaper. Cheaper and better. 'cause they can do stuff there that we can't do here yet.


Oh really? What can they do there that we can't? Apparently, apparently they have some new thing. That's unbelievable. What is it Something? It's, they tried to explain it to me. It doesn't make any sense. Some kind of new facelift that's not a facelift or something. A facelift. A non, like a non-invasive facelift. Oh, the guy, it's a relative of mine through marriage. A Chinese relative. And he's in that business and knows the Koreans over there in LA and all this. And he was saying, he was saying in five years this will be the number one thing. So you might as well get to Korea. Now, I I, the stuff I hear when I'm sitting around the hot pot dinner, you know, Non-invasive face level.


Isn't that weird? That like, that one of our biggest fears is that your face sags. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I don't know how I would feel if I wasn't in the entertainment business. Right. I mean, I mean you're in a cosmetic business on some level, you know what I mean? On some level I guess. I know it's not just, it kinda helps Feel being uglier, being ugly. I never I never thought of you as ugly. I'm not, I'm not attracted to men per se. Thank you very much. Appreciate. But I, I never thought you were unattractive. Definitely Less attractive than I used to be. That's just time and booze. And I, I know success much sleep success creates a glow around a man. It does a little bit of a glow, right? Yeah. It Can Little, little bit of a little swagger. Well just age beats us all. You don't win. Nobody wins. Everybody looks worse at 80 than they do at 20.


Yeah. Just How It goes. Yeah. I'm 57 so you kinda looked down. I'm 57 too. Oh, Are you? Yeah. When's your birthday? August. Okay. I'm older than you. I march. Nice. But you know, you look down that, that, that road and you're like, yep. Like, like am I gonna be all right when I get to 80? You know, Very few people are, you know, there's a few people in here You're calling UFC like 9 72 or like, I don't, you know, I dunno what the number would Be, but Yeah, I'm worried about Bruce Buffer. 'cause Bruce, Bruce Buffer, he puts out so much energy. Well, I was telling the guys the other day, one day he's just gonna be in the middle screaming someone's name and he's just gonna fucking check out like right in the middle Time. Boom, his eyes will roll back.


But that's for any performer. That's the way you go out. Oh, you, you go out on your shield. Right. That would be amazing. I don't want him to die. I love him. But if he did die that way, I'd be like, what a legend. What a legend. The buffers right? Both of them. Oh yeah. Isn't it crazy that they didn't know each other until they were like 30? I only have, they didn't even know he had A brother. I only have


UF C3 13 is back in Vegas. It won't be paradise for one of the light heavyweights in the main event. Don't miss out on any of the action at Draftking Sportsbook. The official sports betting partner of the UFC Alex Pereira defends his light heavyweight title against Mamed Anka Laev. But that's just the cherry on top of an amazing night of fights. It's super easy for first timers to get started. Try betting on something simple like picking a fighter to win. Just go to DraftKings sportsbook app, select your fighter and place your first bet. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers Bet $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use the code Rogan. That's code Rogan for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. GAMBLING PROBLEM. Call one 800 GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccpg dot org. Please play responsibly On behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


I only have one Michael Buffer story if you wanna hear it. Sure. So I went to see Holy Field Lennox Lewis at Madison Square Garden. Oh wow. And I was hanging out with All the, All the cool people at the time. So I'm in the fourth row And it was infamously a draw. It was almost all English tourists that had come in for the fight. They were booing the national anthem. I mean it was a pretty riotous whoa. At atmosphere. And you know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I don't know anything about fights, but it was a pretty boring fight and it, I I it Lewis seemed to be a little bit more agile 'cause of youth and all that. Anyway, so Right. When I, you know, they're, they're in whatever they're doing, HBO they're over there in the corner.


They're doing their bit, you know what I mean? They're talking before they go to the scorecards and a guy leans forward, the, the ref to tell someone in the second row might have been Don King. And I heard him go, it's a draw. Right. So I I knew it was a draw like 60 seconds before they announced it. Oh. And I was with a lot of well-known people and I said, run. And they're like, what do you mean? I said, we gotta run. Like, and I started grabbing people and we ran outta Madison Square Garden and we're almost totally out the building. You know, kind of where you get to the concourse part and you hear the decision and it's like, and people start like, here comes the riot vibe.


Really? So somehow we ended up, because it got So Was it because the decision was bad? Well the English people didn't like that it was a draw. Oh. Because Holy, it was on the older side and Right. I dunno, it's not a well renowned fight. It's, I, I can't remember it. It was just a draw. It was a stone cold, boring fight. But because it was a draw and all these English people were mad and Don King was involved. So it was like all that took a bruhaha that was going on in boxing at the time. Right. Anyway, so because of the suddenly the riotous or po potentially riotous situation, the police started like making people go different ways. Like funneling traffic or something. You know, it was almost like they got like code red or something. 'cause like suddenly got really weird. So then we couldn't get outta the building.


So somebody was like, somebody recognized somebody in our party follow me. And so then next thing we know, you know, we get, we ended up like in the VIP backstage part where it's safe and, and there's, and there's, you know, Michael Buffer on a chair. And he wasn't talking to me, but he was talking to somebody. And all I heard was go, that's bullshit. Like in that voice. That's all I remember. That's bullshit. That's so Was he talking about the decision? He thought the decision was was bullshit. You know, Letterman's card was heavy for Lewis. Wow. One 17. One 11. Harold Letterman, who's always dead on the money. Harold Letterman was always right. Yeah. So they were saying as it got called, like this is a travesty. Yeah. I mean, I mean, again, I'm not a, I mean I'm not a fight aficionado, but I, I thought Lewis was slightly better.


Wow. I forgot about this fight. I completely forgot about this fight. There's so many fights from this era that were incredible. That was an amazing era for heavyweights. And this is when Don King was still running everything. Did they ever rematch? I don't, I honestly don't remember. You don't think so? No, I Think so. I wanna type it in. It said two. Lemme see. That's bullshit. There's A lot. That's with that great voice. With that voice. He's still trucking. He's still trucking. He still announces huge Box. I wonder what he fights like, like, 'cause you ever get that like, like, like somebody wants you to do their bar mitzvah or anything. You ever get those requests? No. Those, I get those requests. Don't make It to me.


Will you come to my Bar mitzvah? Who won this one? Is that the rematch had to be Lewis, right? I would imagine. Well, similar Letterman Card. Similar card. Let's see if they robbed him twice, they gave it to 'em. All right. Yeah. Well they got their you got their rematch. No, you, you get this thing like, Hey will you come do my Right, right, right. Like, I wonder what Michael Buffer gets to show up somewhere. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's probably like Saudi Arabia. They have 'em come over there and introduce someone's birthday. Like is it, is it like Half a half a million, half a million you Think? Probably more depends. You know, I mean like, You know, in, in my business famous, they call 'em privates. Right. I saw Stone Temple pilots, they played Dana White's 40th birthday party.


Yeah. And there was no one in the room other than UFC employees. And they put on a show like it was a fucking sold out arena. I mean, full blast went. They didn't go through the motions at all. It was a phenomenal Show. That means, that means Dan to paid him. Yeah. Yeah. It was Money. I mean totally. I love, I love those guys. But They were so professional. It was like, it was so impressive. And because they were so like powerful on stage, everybody just started paying attention. Oh yeah. Because it kind of broke out in the middle of this party. Yeah. Whereas this birthday party we're all standing around tables eating food, having Fun. It's, it's, I've done a few things and it's always a bit awkward. Yeah. Which Is weird 'cause they're all paid gigs. Right. But something about a paid paid gig feels different.


Yeah. It's, there's a lot of entitlement that's attached to like, someone's paying you to come perform Their birthday party. Well then you see the guy's wife going, who, who's this? Right. There's that to the people that aren't fans. You're like, oh no. Yeah, yeah. Those are weird gigs. 'cause then you go, how much? I gotta have one shitty night for a million dollars. I mean I, I'd like to tell you, I haven't been there, but I've been there. Ron White did one last year in Vegas and he was talking about it. He is like, I don't, I didn't want to do it. I kept saying no. And they kept going higher and higher and eventually got to a point where we're like, oh fuck it.


I'll do it. And he goes, it wasn't worth it. He, he goes, it was one of the worst fucking nights of my life. He goes, All the time I'm doing it. I'm thinking I shouldn't have fucking done this. He said they didn't laugh. They barely paid attention. It's like, why am I here? But if like you're a giant fan, like say if you're a giant Ron White fan and you hire Ron White, but your like office doesn't give a shit about comedy and they just want to like, have fun and drink and Yeah. Eat hot dogs. Yeah. I went to a billionaire thing once with a guy had hired Diana Ross. Whoa. It had at least be a million dollar gig for her and maybe 700, 800 people. Wow. You know, and you're like, wow.


I mean basically a private concert with Diana Ross. I mean it's, that's Pretty dope. If you were really into it and people paid attention, it'd probably be fun. Small, intimate concert. I've done 'em where they're fun. Yeah. Yeah. What percentage? Less than 50? We don't get to be fair or not fair. We don't get asked to do it a lot. I don't think we're on most people's bingo card for a private event. Yeah. I think, I think my, my, my rep precedes me. You know, it's Like a Beyonce thing. Although, I mean she does Like Giant, have you ever heard some of the numbers that some of those pop people get get coming outta Saudi Arabia? Yeah. Have at 14 mil and Yeah. For white show. Nobody calling us for, You know what I mean? Like Yeah. I take that phone call. Well that's one of those things.


If like, who is that? The richest man in India, his son Oh. Had a birthday And it was like the most extravagant birthday of all time. I think they, I spent 50 50 mil on entertainment alone. Something crazy like that. Oh God. It's so crazy. That's so much money. Yeah. I mean I wish there was a perfect formula before it. But there isn't. 'cause that's what I mean. I I mean we, we play, every time we play we basically get paid. So I think it was a wedding, not a birthday party, right? It was it was a wedding. Yeah. You got like, and Lennox Lewis was perform right? Yeah. Lennox Lewis was the announcer. Yeah. It's just, that's the weird world of extravagant amounts of money.


Like unbelievable amounts of money where you want to hire Kanye. There You go to come to your house. There You go. Wedding was a hundred million. That's where Beyonce, they reported spent over a hundred million for a not Sister ASHA's wedding in 2018. The ceremony featured a performance by Beyonce. I mean if I'm Beyonce's manager, she's not going over there for less than 2025. Yeah. Easy. Why not? They have so much money. They didn they won't even notice it. They'll make it back tomorrow in the stock market. I don't know. I'm saying that. So once You get to that goofy a hundred, that was a hundred and how many million? One 90? Well that, that was previous. That previous was a hundred. No, I'm sorry. How billion. Yeah. How how much is he worth? 16 billion. 116. Yeah. You're making $20 million every day.


Probably. It's like rolling in constantly. I mean, you've, you've met, I mean you just had a billionaire here in here a couple days ago. Yeah. I mean, you've met your share of billionaires. It's always an interesting thing how they, how they, how they spend or don't spend their money. It's, there's no consistent guide for billionaires. No. I like the Jeff Bezos way. Wear tight shirts, get a yacht, have a hot girlfriend, let's fuck. Go. That's what you're supposed to do when you've got $250 billion. You're not supposed to be a fucking weirdo and wear a sweater and go visit Haiti. No. You're supposed to be bawling. Go to the Mediterranean popping corks with models. Let's go. You're supposed get a get a million dollar watch.


I'd like to Have a billion dollars to to to make that decision. See. Right. I'm not there yet. Well, the weirdest one is billionaires that compare themselves to super billionaires and they feel poor. Like Brian Callen was telling me about his buddy who's worth I think $3 billion and he's like, I really need to fucking up my game. 'cause he's friends with a guy who's worth $80 billion. So he feels poor compared to his $80 billion friend. Boy, I'd like to be poor like that. The Forest for the trees. Yeah. I don't Know. Yeah. Not, not this lifetime. I don't think. It doesn't seem like fun. It seems like the amount of stress and energy that must be required to acquire that much fucking money.


Yeah. Jimmy Erlin of the pumpkins, the drummer is friends with Jimmy John, the sub, the sub king. Oh, Okay. So I know Jimmy John A. Little bit. And we were at dinner one night in Nashville at a, at a place he owns or with other people. And when my buddies started pitching him on a, like some kind of money thing and I just saw his face change. 'cause everybody in the world wants to pi we were back to pitching ideas. Right, Of course. And, and, and, and Jimmy John knows this mutual friend, so it's not as rude as it might sound coming outta my mouth, but at some point he looks at me, he goes, Tommy, you know how I got that money? I made a lot of fucking sandwiches.


That was the way he shut him down. The Like, like Yeah, I know how I know what I had to go through to make that money. Like you just, you just see me as a walk in ATM. Yeah. Well it just changes the dynamic of the friendship now too. Now he's not gonna be able to trust your friend. Well, nobody, he's always, nobody trying, nobody trusts Tommy. That's Tommy is a mess. Tommy's infamous actually. Infamous. Yes Ma'am. Everybody Nfa dash mess. I've literally been walking down the street in foreign countries and strangers will come up to me and say, oh, you know, Tommy? He's like, he's just a legendary character in the entertain. What was he trying to pitch? Jimmy John on Some kind of investment scheme or something?


Ooh, because my friend Tommy collects billionaires. Oh boy. I, I, I call it he plays billionaire Lotto. Mm. He's hoping that when one of them knocks over they'll leave him, you know, really a taste. Yeah. How bizarre. He's like a vampire familiar. Well, what's interesting about Tommy is his uncle was the, the founder of Hard Rock Cafe. Ah. So he grew up in a family with money. So instead of somebody who we figure was poor and aspirational, wanna hang out with billionaires, he actually came from money. Right. So he knows how to speak the language of wealthy people. And so he's kind of generally welcome in those circles where I, you know, I grew up in the poor, in the suburbs. I don't know how the role in that world.


And so Yeah. But yeah, Tommy, I think he's probably up to about seven or eight billionaires that he counts as friends. And what does he do for a living This time? No one knows. No one knows. That's the legend of Tommy. Really? Yeah. And in fact, I pitched Tommy once, I'm making a documentary called Who the Fuck is Tommy Lipnick? That's his name. Tommy Lipnick. And, and he doesn't like the idea. Yeah. I wonder why it just outed him. But I mean, we don't have time for it. But I could make you a list of 50 people that are super famous, like Bono on Down, who have pulled me aside and go, what's the deal with Tommy? Right. And just the fact that we're talking about Tommy will really please Tommy, but he'll, he'll take umbrage.


In fact, I have to tell you a story about my father too. But he'll take umbrage with, with the, the, the way I'm portraying him. I'm sure he will. The story I wanted to tell you about my father was, when I was on your show, I told you a story about how I found a, a double barrelled saw off shotgun under my father's bed. It was in a guitar case, right? Well, my father heard the show about a month after I told the story on your show. And so I get this text from my father's when he is still alive, obviously. And, and, and he goes, yeah, I heard what you said on, on Joe's show. And I'm like, You know, you're looking at your phone. Like, here it comes, you know? 'cause I thought he was gonna be pissed at me. He goes, there's one thing you left outta the story waiting text. The, the shotgun wasn't loaded. That's all he wanted me to know.


Like, somehow it made it better. How bizarre. Your, your father sounds like a fucking character. He was unbelievable. Unbelievable. What what did he play? Guitar. Wow. Great, great, great musician. Really, truly a great musician. He's, he's the classic guy that should have made it. It didn't, so when I made it, it made the whole thing really weird. Oh. Because he looked at me and said, how did my schlubby kid make it? And I didn't. Wow. He must have gotten lucky. He must have done something. 'cause if it didn't work for me, how could it work for him? So that was a weird, a weird thing. But he was talented. I mean, he really was talented. That's great.


Did he, did you get, did you feel resentment? Did you get along with him after that? Or A weird, it was, my father had a lot of issues with drugs, so it was always kind of like, it can be with addicts. It was like, depending on the day. One day he would tell me I was the greatest thing that ever happened to him, and I was the number one son and da da da. And two weeks later he's telling me he wished I'd never been born and I should have been aborted. Oh. So it was a weird, it was weird. It was a weird thing. So that's why, that's why that story's funny to me because he didn't mind that I told you about finding a sought off shotgun. He minded that I implied. It was dangerous when he made sure that it wasn't loaded. So it was okay. That's the way his brain worked. Do you believe him that it wasn't loaded? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. He was, he should have been an arch criminal or something, but he didn't have the nerve.


So he just became a guitarist? No, he was, he was a drug dealer and he, he, he used to run drug drugs and guns for the mob. I mean, really? Oh, he, he would do stuff like, Melrose Park is kind of an infamous city, just outside the Chicago city limits where a lot of the mob wise guys lived. And he was friends with the kid of a wise guy, and the kid would dabble because he was protected because his father was a maid man. So we'd to that guy's house for hours and just hear these crazy stories about the mob. And my dad would pick up something in a satchel and deliver it. You know, like it was all, that's, that's, I was eight years old going through all shit. Wow. Yeah. Wow. What a crazy environment. Yeah.


So you're eight years old. He's running drugs and guns. Oh yeah. Wow. Yeah. Did you see like a lot of shit? I, I saw a lot of stuff, but it was like, you know when, when adults are trying to hide stuff from you, but not really, you know? So like for example, they would stay in the basement all night and party, whoever he was with musicians, whatever. Right. So I'd come down at night and there'd be coke everywhere and rolled up twenties. How old were you on Black Sabbath mirrors? I was like seven 10. Oh my God. So I had a feeling, call it intuition. I had a feeling that he, he wanted me to clean up, but not the mirrors. And he was, and I was like, what's on the mirror that, you know, that you left behind? He was like, oh, that's, we have a cold or something.


But yeah, it's good you didn't get rid of it. And you're like, why do you need the rolled up 20? Oh, it is just easier to, you know, it was like, so it was, you knew it was bullshit, but you, you're 10, you don't know what coke is, You Know? Right, right, right. So you don't have any concept of what they're doing, but you know, something's going on. And this was constant, this was Drama. Yeah. And my dad would do stuff, like, he'd take me to lunch with his mistresses and stuff and introduce him as his friends and Wow. So it was all kind of in plain sight weirdness. But you know, you'd be driving down the street and suddenly you were in a drug deal And it was just, Whoa. He told me, he told me he was shot at nine times and stabbed three times. Holy shit. Yeah.


You wanna hear a, it was my favorite stories. Yeah. So the band had a van. He had a van, and we bought it off And it was our band van for a while. And then after we were, we didn't need it anymore 'cause we got too big. He wanted to buy it back, so we sold it to him. So one day I went over to his house and if, you know, if this is the driver's thing right behind the driver's, where the driver's head would be, but in the metal of the car was a bullet hole. So I said, did somebody shoot at you? He goes, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Said, well, what happened exactly? He's like, yeah, I, I was, I was stopped over there And, you know, Ganzi and, and some guy came up and I thought he needed something like a dollar or something.


So I rolled down the window. As soon as I did, he put a gun through the, put a gun through the window at my head. And then, you know, I hit the gas and sped off. And so as I went, he tried to shoot me, but then he missed, and the bullet went in behind my head and I got away. That's the story he told me at the time. So years later, the story came back up somehow and he goes, oh, that wasn't the real story. Here's the real story. So same setup, he's sitting somewhere, but it was a drug deal. He rolls down the window to make the drug deal. Guy puts a gun at his head, he does hit the gas, the guy does try to shoot him, but 'cause my father's mad now, he spins the van around and he tries to run the guy over and the guy's trucking down the street.


And the guy ran into a gas station. So my dad came barreling at the gas station at full speed in this van, and he was gonna run the guy over. And he said he reached a point where the guy was, was gonna, if, if the guy stopped, he would run him over. But the guy lept a fence and the only way to kill the guy was to have to run the fence and ram into a house that was next to the gas station. So he hit the, hit the brakes and didn't run the guy over. So that was the real story. So, back to the kid thing. Excuse me. That's why it's so hard to pin this whole thing down because there's so much smoke, you know? Right. Like, he did tell me there was another kid named Bill. That's a real thing. Wow. And, and when he told me when I was 18, he lied and said he didn't know where the kid was.


Well, when my stepmother brought up the whole bill birth thing later, and I asked him, he admitted that he did know where the kid was, but he didn't want to tell me. What did Bill think about this? Like, the possibility that his mother had an affair with your dad? I, I don't, I don't think Bill gives it any credence. I mean, that's my sense of it. Okay. Paige thinks it's bullshit. I don't, I don't know. I don't, honestly, I don't know what Bill thinks. You know what I mean? Because, because I Could see how you would think it'd be possible. 'cause your dad was insane. Your dad sounds like a fucking maniac. I mean, the only, the only way you, the only way it would A Scorsese movie maniac. Well, it put it this way. If a person doesn't believe that somebody is their father, not their real father that they grew up with, and I do know people who've had that.


They grew up with somebody and they, in fact, it just happened in my family Right. That a cousin of mine found out that her father was not her father and she's in her sixties 'cause of a DNA test. Oh my God. So it is possible that people can find out later in life, oh, by the way, that guy that you thought was your dad, he ain't your dad. Here's your real dad. Right, right. So it does happen, but I don't get any sense from Bill that he believes that's possible. Got it. So the only way it would be possible if, if Bill grew up in some kind of weird lie. You See what I'm saying? Right. And I don't believe that, you Know. Right, right. Well, I don't know. He's, I don't know how much he's talked about his family, but that's, I just can't imagine a kid coming downstairs and seeing cocoa over the mirrors and Black Sabbath albums and people blacked out and empty booze everywhere.


Oh yeah. Like, like this is a normal thing. Totally normal at your house to have these wild parties. Yeah. And you were Little kid. But I think a lot, to be fair, I think a lot of people grow up in that atmosphere. I think we just don't hear about it. Yeah. But not a lot of people grow up with a death is running guns and drugs for the mob. That's true. That's true. That is true. That's so insane. That's such a crazy way. Like, we would have conversations, like we would have conversations. 'cause you know, as you get older you start to ask questions. Right? Yeah. So I'd say, dad, aren't you worried? Like if you get pulled over, you know, 'cause he would carry like a lot of fucking weed in the car just for his own personal use. He smoked constantly. Like my whole childhood. Like, I mean, I just remember join after joint all day at the dinner table in the car I'd contact high and the whole thing.


So Finally at some point I said, are daddy, aren't you worried about if you get pulled over? And he, he like popped the, the, the, the engine, you know, old cars, you know, when you pop the trunk, what is it called? The hood. The hood. He had figured out some system where you could, if you put, if you put weed in a, in a, in a thing full of whiskey, he said that the dogs couldn't pick up on the scent. So there was like a compartment in the engine compartment, like a thing that was full of whiskey. And then he would put a a, a waterproof baggie with the weed in the whiskey. And so if a dog came around the car, it would never, never smell it. That's hilarious. So it was like life lessons, You know, from pop How many, but dogs can only smell one thing.


They're only looking for one thing. When you train a dog, you train a dog either for a bomb or you train 'em for heroin. You don't train a dog for everything. Like what do you got? Three barks for Coke. The, the way they train dogs is, oh, I see. It's one thing that they're trained to Smell. Oh, right. They have one. Yeah. They're, if they're looking for bombs, they're only looking for bombs. They're not gonna stop you for weed. Yeah. I Don't know. Which is like the dumbest thing to train a dog for if train a dog for weed. I mean, Well now yeah, Now it's the dumbest. But they still do Really, they still have weed dogs. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. If they smell weed, they'll call the weed dogs. Is weed legal in Texas Lawsuit? It's not. It's weird. It's decriminalized. There was actually a lawsuit that Ken Paxton tried to stop Dallas from decriminalizing weed and they just lost in court.


So Dallas, now marijuana is decriminalized for personal use. It's stupid. It should be the whole country. It should be legal. Just like whiskey is. Don't do it if you don't wanna do it. But you know, you should probably know what the effects are. And we should probably study what the actual correct doses per person. Like we know what drinks, like one drink is one drink. Right. You know what it is? Yeah. You, you go to the, the bar, you get a shot of tequila. That's what it is. It's one shot of tequila. Everybody's pretty much, it's standard with weed. You don't know what the Oh, I see. Yeah. You don't know what's the right amount. Like should I take two hits or three hits? What? You can build up a tolerance. Like your dad, you're smoking weed. Like if I smoked weed all day long, I'd be a fucking mess.


I'd be paranoid and freaked out. I'd be like, everyone's out to get me. He was. But he was. And he just kept doing it. That's what's even crazier. And weed back then was not weed Today. It's, you probably could get some weed that's commensurate with weed today. Acapulco gold or something wacky. But generally They have all these crazy strains now. Right? Isn't that done Now? They have scientists, botanists got involved in the game and they, they, they're making super weed. I noticed one thing, 'cause I was in LA for a couple months this winter. And when they first whatever decriminalized in la it seemed like everywhere you went, everybody was smoking weed. It became like a thing. You couldn't go anywhere without smelling, you know, the telltale smoke.


And now it seems to have calmed down and I think it's almost like now it's like Holland and back in the day where it's like, yeah. Normalized. It's so normal. It's no longer a thing to like openly smoke weed. Yeah. So I think it's gone back to a, oh, it's not that big a deal. Which I think is probably best because there was a beer there where you would go there and everybody was stoned. You couldn't get service at a restaurant. Like, I mean, it was like people were staring off into space and Edibles. Yeah. Well for sure you're gonna have like a normalization period after a while where it's like, weed's normal. It's just like everyone's not drunk All the time. Even though you can get liquor everywhere. Yeah. You choose when to imbibe and when not to or not to at all. That's you're supposed to have choices.


You're an adult, you're an adult human being. The the analogy I always make is imagine if it was the three of us in a room, just, just us three. And we were the only people on earth. We lived on an island and Jamie just decided he doesn't want us smoking weed. And so Jamie passed the law and he wants to lock us up if we smoke weed. Oh, I see. That's just as ridiculous as 300 million people. And one adult decides that the other 300 million people shouldn't be allowed to smoke weed. Like, do it. If you wanna do it, don't do it if you don't wanna do it. But you can't, putting people in a fucking cage for doing something that they want to do that harms no one but you don't want them to do is fucking insane. It's just insane.


Well, I I, I grew up because of my, my father's life, I mean, I don't know what age I became conscious of my doc, my father doing drugs constantly. But let's say it was five years old. So that's 1972. So I've been in weed culture since 1972. Jesus. So I always thought it was Like old Vietnam war days. Yeah, yeah. And I met all those guys too. You know, these guys with PTSD and all that stuff. Wow. So I guess what I'm after is I, I never understood what the big deal was. And the only thing that freaks me out are people that are really into weed. Like, you know what I mean? Like the four 20 Crowd. It's whole modality. Yeah. Like, that's their identity. That freaks me out. Cause it Wasn. Yeah. It's a crutch for some, it's a tool for others.


You know, it's a creativity tool for a lot of people. You know, Carl Sagan was one of 'em. Carl Sagan. Carl Sagan was a stoner. Oh yeah. Huge donr. He's got one of the best quotes on states of consciousness that are, that are available to people under cannabis that are not available any other time. See if you can find that quote. It's a, it's a brilliant quote. Yeah. Carl Sagan, I mean, he kind of had to keep it under wraps a little bit because marijuana was really illegal back then. But he still wanted to talk about it. Sometimes. I just, It depends on the person. It's like everything else. There's some people that should not drink. They drink and then their eyes turn to shark eyes.


They they, they're gone and they go away. That's it. The illegality of cannabis is outrageous and impediment to full utilization of a drug which helps produce the serenity and insight, sensitivity and fellowship so desperately needed in this increasingly mad and dangerous world. That's not the quote, that's a quote. But the, the other one had to do with states of consciousness that were, that you could achieve. See, It's a very stoner like thing to say. Yeah. Well I'm sure he talked about it a bunch, but either way he was a a, a regular cannabis user. It's supposed to be like everything else. You know, like you can have wine in your house.


It doesn't mean you're gonna drink wine all day every day. You know, just, you should not be high All the time. I, I just don't want the four 20 people need hear me that. Well. It's Like those, those people like the MAGA people or like the fucking insane clown posse people. Like, it's just like, it becomes their whole thing. That's the thing. There's something wrong with going to an insane clown posse show, but if you wanna be a Juggalo and that's your whole identity is being ao Ju Jug Juggalo is a whole, you know, it's a whole thing. We've, we've done bus 'cause of the nwa we've done business with, with the, the, the Juggalos. So they seem like fun guys. They're Great. No problem with them. You know, violent Jay as he's known what my was in the NWA for a hot second. Oh really? And he's, and he's kind of refire his, his promotion now Juggalo, I guess JCW Juggalo Clown Promotions or something.


I'd love, it's a lot of my wrestlers wrestle for him too, so. Oh, okay. I didn't even know he had a wrestling promotion. They did back in the day. They used to wrestle. I know they wrestled for WCW and TNA. So they were, they were wrestling at the highest level for a while. Mm. When they were sort of in the nineties times and when they were on MTV and all that stuff. I just love that they have like a carnival of outcasts, you know, they like All the outcasts have a home in the Juggalos and they're all like, they have these gatherings of the Juggalos. They look like they're having the best fucking time. Like they're all like-minded people all partying together. Yeah. But it's freaky when people admit secretly being juggalos.


Have you ever had that experience? They pull you aside. A friend of mine, former former porn star, Sasha Gray, like sent me a picture of her at like 17 in in the Juggalo makeup. Oh Wow. 17. And You're like, this is so out there. Juggalo makeup. Do they dress? They Do Insane's. Very clown posse. They do, they do a very specific makeup. The Juggalo. Oh. For, are the Juggalos, do they have different makeup than the Insane Clown Posse? Or is it the same kind of makeup? It seems to me there's this, there's this kind of a particular way they do the Juggalo makeup. Jamie, can you please Google Juggalo makeup? Yeah. I think it's a black and white. I don't know if there's rules, but it's Yeah. Clown makeup. What does it look like? Like that guy right there.


Yes. This guy. But that's violent. Jay on the top there. Oh yeah, he's, that's violent. Jay there. Violent Jay. But like, they'll do their makeup kinda like how Jay is is. Oh, okay. So some of the people in the audience choose to, to make their face up. I don't see anybody there with face makeup though in that picture. It's hot. It's the summer. Oh yeah. There You go. Sweating when washed off. Sweating off your Makeup. See? See like the girl there That split tongue, that dude in the middle. That's a fucking commitment. That's a commitment for to never having a real job up top. That's a lot. You gotta really hate your parents to split your tongue like that. How about the guys who split their cock? Have you ever seen that? Yes. Who does that?


Do you remember the early days of the internet? I don't know how much you were on the internet in the nineties, but there was a page called the Style Project. Do you remember that? Don't remember that. It was all like some of the most fucked up thing. Things that this dude could find on the internet. Okay. And he had a whole website and you would, you'd go to the style project and you'd get like, just insane fucked up stories about people. And one of 'em was body modification extreme. And I became friends with the guy who ran the site who's actually that arm wrestler, Devin Laureate. I think that was his brother or someone he's related to was Shannon Lauret.


I became friends with him and he gave me access to his website. And it was like a members only access where you could like So you Got the, the, the VIP tier of Split Cox? Yes. Oh my God. It wasn't just Split Cox. It was crazy stuff. Like some people, they decided that they wanted to get their arm chopped off or their hand chopped off. Oh my God. So they devised a guillotine. It was body modification extreme. So it was all different people doing different things like putting like Yeah. Hos In their head and splitting their cock and, and putting, and one of 'em was this horrible story about this guy whose boyfriend turned him into a eunuch, wanted him to cut his dick off for him and be a slave and like, oh my God.


And this, it's like detailing how this guy cut his cock off. Y Donny Fargo, who was a famous wrestler, he was famous for as a party trick, he would put a nail through his cock. Ah, that's not nice. Yeah. I had David Blaine on it. He made me stick an ice pick through his arm. Yeah. He's got this trick that he does. It's not a trick though. I really stuck an ice pick through his arm. It's like, you can call it a trick, but a lot of the things David does is just, it freaks you out. Yeah. 'cause like you should, but you know, You can survive an ice pick through your arm. But I had to back it out because I hit a nerve and he maybe reinsert it.


And so I reinserted it and then the original one just started bleeding and it got like a little bit of a hematoma started swelling up. We had to get the medics and we had seals working for us. They, they checked it out Yuri, Because of all this body talk, my wife loves all sorts of weird body talk. And she, she wanted me to send you a message 'cause she's literally about to have a baby like right now. Oh, Congratulations. So we were somewhat concerned coming in because it was possible I may not be able to come because of her about to have this baby. So when we were talking last night, I said, please don't have the baby today. You know, I wanna be Joe show. And she said, you tell Joe that if I start to have the baby, I expect him to give you some of his NetJet points so you can get home.


Ah. It's a very, very rich person joke. But that's Hilarious. What does that have to do with body modification? Nothing. Because She loves talking about this type of shit. Why is she like talking about that stuff? I Don't know. It's like, but in my family we didn't talk about anything sex. You know, it was all just kind of implied. Oh, I see. You see what I'm saying? I grew up in a family where nobody hugged, nobody kissed, everyone hated each other. And, and nobody talked about secrets of life. Damn. You know, good or bad. It was all kind of damn in the shadows, you know what I mean? And she grew up in a family where it's like, 'cause she has five brothers and a, a sister, so they talk about everything. Like to the point where just like at dinner, like you're talking about all this like weird body stuff.


I don't wanna be graphic 'cause it turns me off, you know? But they, they seem to think it's funny. When did you learn to hug people and be like, outwardly nice? It's funny you asked me that. My, I didn't grow up with my mother. My mother went crazy when I was four and I never lived with her again. And we started to become close again when I was in my twenties. And I, I remember this one time where I walked through her door And it was that thing where I wanted to hug her because I never really hugged her my whole life. And I just made this decision at 24. Like, I was gonna hug my mother and give her a kiss on the cheek. Yeah. And it was like, that was the opening of this other life where people hug and kiss each other. You know what I mean? I mean, obviously I had fool around with girls.


Right. But it was only within the context of, of being romantic. I had no physical affection in my life outside of that. Now my kids are all over me And you know, I got nine and six year olds. So it's like I'm used to kids like, you know, Rugrats climbing all over you. But I didn't grow up in that at all. Like, I had no, the idea of affection was, was alien. In fact, when I first started chasing girls at 17, 18, you know, girls wanna hold your hand or hug you or you know, in the car. And I was like, it was so freaky to me. When did you relax About it? I'm not sure I ever did. Well, I gave you a hug when I saw you today. It seemed pretty normal. No, I, I I'm, I, I'm, I'm actually very naturally affectionate person And it was, it's nice to give you a hug and it's nice to see you and it's nice to love on people that you admire and are your friends.


And that's the great stuff of life. But I came very late to life. You can even see I'm just uncomfortable. Yeah. And then, you know, our, our our, our our, I'm sure You know Howie Mandel. Sure. You must. I mean, Howie with his, his, his, I, I made the mistake of hugging Howie once. And I mean, I mean I, you know, I was like, kill his cat, You know? Yeah. It's like poor How execute him like you tased him. That poor bastard. It used to be You can touch knuckles with him. Cat Howie. Well, he'll touch knuckles. He will. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm close enough Touching knuckles again. I'm, I'm close enough to Howie to touch knuckles. He stopped touching knuckles and then he would do elbows. He would touch elbows and then he got to air elbows. He would just kinda like do that and then put it down. I'm a lead singer, so I do do some of These things.


He's hanging out with us in the green room at the comedy mothership. And then he is going on stage and there's people coffee comic before him has the same microphone. They're spitting into it. He's holding onto it. See, I'm, I'm, I think I'm secretly a germaphobe, but Really? Yeah. Secretly we just talked about it. Can we, you know, like, how Can we clip this out? Howie's, like how's, That's another level. He talks about it though. He knows it's a problem. He just can't overcome it for whatever reason. And he manages to sort of like, have it and still work his way through life. Like, he was fun to hang out with. It's not like he's freaking out about other stuff. Like, he was cool. Yeah. Hanging out with just talking.


No, I had, I had him on my podcast and we, we did talk about it. It hasn't aired yet. But we, we talked about all his, I guess phobias would be the word, Or His conditions. I mean, there's all these letters, you know, A-D-H-D-O-C-D. Yeah. And this and that. But he's very open about it to his credit. Yeah. No, he is. Yeah. He talks about it and it's, you know, it's been a battle for him, but it's just like, it's so odd because he's so personable. Like, you expect that someone like that would be like a recluse, wouldn't like people like get away from me. Everybody. But he's not, he's like super friendly. Super friendly. Except when He puts you in front of a professional comedian who's kind of irritated that you're there. Oh. That time. And claiming you're his half brother. Oh yeah. That was probably a bad pairing. I feel like both of you are kind of a lot in a good way.


I would have one of you on by themselves. I wouldn't want you and bur together on a show. Well, he's, he's such an alpha. I mean, he's he's just one of those guys. He just can't help it. Yeah. Well he has to make fun of everything too. And what you say, oh yeah, that's a fucking great idea. What about this? Right. He can't help himself. Yeah. At one point he looked at me, I actually, I was wearing this coat. He goes, where'd you get that in like a Moroccan bazaar? You know? I was like, it's like, it's like a regular coat. It's, this is a very expensive coat. It's like a Normal coat. I don't understand. That seems normal. I looked at a North Face or something. But I, but I, I'm, I'm asking you this in an empathetic way, but because you're a professional comedian, so maybe it's different, but when a, when a professional comedian puts their death ray on you and wants to make fun of you Yeah.


It's a very particular feeling. It's like getting carved up by a chef. Right. Right. You know what I mean? Because they, they're so good at Yeah. Zero zoro, You know, it's kind of cool. It's kind of cool. It's like, wow, I'm being insulted by Bill Burr. You know what I mean? It's like, it's kind of an honor. Yeah. You know, but at the same time it's like, it's really fucked up. 'cause they're like, they know exactly where to poke you Also, you can't fire back. You'll get killed. Right. If you fire back It. That's what I'm saying. He's Gonna chew you apart. Yeah. And what am I gonna tell him? Like, make a little joke. Yeah. There's not much You can do other than laugh along with it. It's just have fun with it. Just let, let him make fun of you have fun. Yeah. That's all you can do.


But it feels Like a, that's, it's like Comes. Yeah. Especially a guy like Bill, who was a really good, Who's like the meanest comedian. You ever kind of locked horns on you, The meanest at that kind of stuff. But he's one of my best friends is Tony Hinchcliffe. He's the best at it. He's the fucking, I just found out, I just found one the other day from quite a while ago. I'm gonna send you this. 'cause this is like young, fresh face Tony Hinchcliffe. It's fucking hilarious. And this is just like off the cuff, they bring in these dudes and he starts roasting them. Just random dudes. Yeah. Just two guys. And they're, they're, they team up and they start talking shit to him and he just eats them alive.


Put headphones on. This one's hilarious. All right, here We go. He's the best roaster on planet earth. Nobody's better than Tony Hinchcliffe. That's why I killed Tony. So funny. Part of the reason is he's so fast. Did you get it, Jamie? Yeah. Just one Second. Get the volume Up. Okay. Wrestler. What the, you got all wrestler shoes for? You guys are mean. Jimmy Nuan. Granddady right here. You guys look like a before and after for a product that doesn't work. What does a DD stand for? A dose of diabetes. Okay. Okay. I wasn't ready for any other, Yeah. You guys are wearing sweatpants and sweat skin. Have you guys just completely given up on, is that You guys? Maybe Doughboy? Not me. I'm out here now. Doughboy.


Wait, what? His name? His name is Doughboy. Doughboy? Yeah. I spell it D-O-B-O-Y. Yeah. I had a feeling you'd misspell it. You guys are two of my favorites. Two Chins and ASAP Rocky Road. Wow. Wow. Just off the cuff outta nowhere. And he does that all day long. So he'll do that in the green room. He just turns on people in the green room. But it's fucking amazing. We have, like, when we do these shows like Tuesday or Wednesday night or whenever we're there, where everyone's in the, like Tuesday and Wednesday nights are a really good night at the club. 'cause All the comics that are traveling on the road on the weekend, they come into the club to hang out during the weekday. And so there'd be like eight or nine of us in the green room just talk shit about each other.


And Tony's just cutting up left to right. This one. That one it's Oh, it's so much fun. He's the best at it though. You do not wanna fuck with Don't don't Don want Tony Don from Blow with Tony stuff. I, Tony, I'm gonna say right now, I don't think he's my brother. He's definitely not your, he don't look at anything like you. It's a completely different gene line. Now I'll make fun of me for saying I'm not his brother. So did Bill know that you were gonna be there with him? Or was it just like how he just decided to put two of you together? I got the feeling that that Bill wasn't really given the heads up. Yeah. Probably. It was a little bit irritating to him. Bill Gets easily irritated, but that's also why he's so funny. Like he's, he gets mad. He gets mad at everything, you know?


Yes. And my mind doesn't work like that. So it's hard. Like, I, I would have a better time understanding like a, like a rocket scientist than a professional comedian. I think really? Because, Because the, the professional comedians I've known personally a little bit like Bobcat Gold Weight and or Carrot Top. Their minds are so different than the average human mind. Mm. I think the way they process information and they're looking for something that in almost like a meme, like coalesces, this whole set of ideas. That's what makes it funny, right? You can, it works on all these different levels. At one time, the great comedians like Dice to me is the greatest. And, and, and Dice will tell a joke. It works on like eight different levels. You know, it's like high, low, middle.


Do, do you know what Dice's best stuff is? You want, like, people don't understand that Dice is literally one of the best live performance artists. Just random street artists. Oh, I, I watched him. You mean when he just goes up to people? Yeah. Oh, it's Unbelievable. And pretends that these people wanted a photo with him and they don't know who he is. It's the face. Yeah. You want the face, You want the picture. And he just goes these fucking, and it's so, it's so uncomfortable to watch you start pulling your fucking clothes off. Like, no, don't do this. Like, what are you doing? He's the best at that. And he, he does that for zero Money. This is, he's, there's, he's only doing that for fun. That's it. He's just being an artist.


Like there's no money in it at all. And he spends all this time wandering around the streets, going to bars at restaurants and just bothering people, wandering people up to people on the street in New York City. They're waiting for the light to turn green. You want the picture? I just love that. He'll, he'll just double and triple and quadruple down on Oh yeah. On the, on the bit. Yeah. Like he just won't give it up. He won't give it Up. Ood is the same thing with the, with, you know. Right, right, right. Tony Clifton. Yeah. Just The, the discomfort of it all. Yeah. Well, Dice is the only guy ever in the peak of his fame to try to bomb on purpose and then release it as a two CD Set.


Is that the night comedy died? Yeah. Unbel. That, that is. So, I love that The day of the laughter died. The day of the laughter died. Rick Rubin produced it. Yeah. Yeah. And Rick, who's a fucking maniac, loved the idea. He loved it. Of course he did. He's like, what a great idea. This is gonna be Amazing. Dice is selling out Madison Square Garden, like more than anybody alive. Like he's just selling out everything in the height of this. He decides to record on a night where no one knows he's gonna be there and bomb no material. There's chalk off the top of his head sometimes. Don't even try to be funny. I've, I've listened to it multiple times and it's one of the funniest things I've ever heard. It's performance art. It's like him on the street going, yeah. You want the picture.


You know? And if look, if he couldn't kill regular way, I wouldn't respect it because there's people that do comedy that pretend they're doing like anti comedy. 'cause regular comedy's too easy. The problem is they're not good at regular comedy. If you're like hilarious. I see. At regular comedy. And then you say, I'm gonna freak these people out by get hitting them with some, he would do this thing at the Comedy Store where he would go on stage and see how long he could not talk. Yeah. So I saw him do it once. He'll Be like, five minutes, five minutes, five minutes. He's doing a And no one knows what to do. And people are like nervously Laughing, laughing. But He also could fucking kill, like in the Roddy Dangerfield special, You know, when he did Dice rules, like he could destroy an arena filled with people.


So it was a choice to do this Weird thing. Who's, who's your favorite all time comedian? I'm just curious. God, I don't think I have an all time favorite. I think Pryor probably is the greatest of all time not living with Chappelle being the greatest living. I think that you have to, you have to give credit to Lenny Bruce though. Oh yeah. Because he really started the art form. Because before Lenny Bruce comedy was just a series of jokes. It was just jokes. And Lenny Bruce came along and all of a sudden he had social commentary. He had cultural commentary that he turned into humor. Then he, the way he described relationships, the way he described marriage, the way he described it was like completely different.


It's like, what is this guy doing? And then I think prior took that and made it. Oh, I see. Funnier prior took that and that honesty. I never made, I never connected that dot. But it makes sense when you say it. Yeah. Because he was just funnier. Pry was just better at it. And, but it, the door was opened up by Lenny. It didn't exist before Lenny. Yeah. So Lenny comes along in the fifties And you know, he is getting arrested All the time in the sixties. Like he was getting arrested. Well remember that whole thing where he would just go on and read his court transcripts? Yeah. That must, that was the end at the end. That Must have been really out there. I mean, I watched the videos of that. I watched You've seen actual Actual Oh yeah, yeah. I bought it. I bought A-A-V-H-S tape that was Lenny Bruce on stage.


I forget what place it was. I think it was somewhere in San Francisco. And he was just talking, he was reading his court transcripts and talking about the case. And someone in the audiences go, we want Dirty Lenny. And he's like, come man, man, it's not about that man. It's, it's about, it's, you gotta understand what, what they, what they're doing here, man. Like, and he would like go into, go back into the court case. But it wasn't funny at all. It was just him on stage for a long time just talking about his court cases. But you have to, the, the thing about comedy is a lot of comedy, like even from the eighties, it doesn't hold up. It doesn't mean that it wasn't funny at the time. It just means the concepts and the culture has shifted so much and they've become so commonplace that it's not shocking or funny anymore.


I see. But it was maybe in the seventies or maybe in the eighties and much more so with Lenny Bruce. 'cause you go back and listen to his stuff and people are dying laughing and you don't even find it funny. Like it doesn't even make you Chuck, it's hard to laugh at Lenny Bruce's stuff. But it's because we can't put ourself in the context of being alive watching this guy perform in 1962. See, red Fox to me is still funny though. Still funny. But like His stuff holds, yes. His stuff Holds mom's maybe believe. Yep. Some people, some people still hold up. You know, Robin Harris still holds up. There's some, some old school comedians like from the seventies and the eighties that are just still like, just, you could tell there was Eddie Murphy.


He was special. He was like a special talent like his, that still holds up today. But some of this stuff doesn't. And then I think like the next big shift, a big change was Kinison Kinison was a giant change in college. Did you know Kinison? No, I, I saw him live a few times. I Was gonna say, I think age-wise it probably Doesn't work. Yeah, no, I was about 21 when I saw him live. I saw him live once when I was 19. When I was a security guard at Great Woods Center for the Performing Arts in Mansfield, Massachusetts. So I got see him live there and then I got to see him live at some, I think it was like some weird place in the middle of nowhere. And it was like half empty And it was, this was like 88, 89.


So by 89 he was kind of fallen off 'cause he had just done so much drugs and partied so hard that he was fucking huge in like 86. And then by the time 88 came around, the material kind of dropped off. And then by the time I saw him was like 89 or 90. It wasn't so good anymore. And then he died in like, I did he die like 92. I think he died in nine two car crash. Right? Yeah. Drunk driver ironically. 'cause he had jokes about drunk driving, but he just, I was always hoping he was gonna come out with a new album and it would be, he would be back, you know, he'd be back to the Kenne end of 86.


But just the party, the Coke and the women and the fucking, no time to write. His brother wrote about it. There's a great book called Brother Sam. Oh, okay. By his brother Bill. His bill wrote it. Bill wrote about the childhood, about him getting hit by a car and becoming this maniac. He's like the victim of a head injury. Oh, okay. And that's what turned him into that fucking maniac. The childhood preaching is also Part of the childhood preaching tent, revival preaching. And he brought that kind of energy to comedy. You know, he was a different thing. I remember the first time I saw him like, oh wow, that's comedy too. Like, this is crazy. I remember like thinking like, well this is a completely different thing. I had never thought this was standup comedy. This guy. Yeah. He Felt he, it was like, to me at the time it was like he was the rock and roll equivalent of comedy or something.


Yes. And didn't Guns N Roses take him on tour or something? There was some, he seemed to remember like somebody, Something like that Took him on tour. I think Bon Jovi too. I think he was hanging out with those guys too. He was just, I think Bon Jovi was one of, in one of his, because he had a music video called Wild Thing Song. Yeah, I remember he was singing Song. Yeah. He's kind of trying to be a rock star for a while. But it's a quick fall from Grace Man because in 86 he's one of the best comics that's ever walked the face of the earth. And by 89 he's like a caricature of the guy he was three years ago. Yeah. And I think it's just, it's really hard to maintain, especially in the eighties when no one was famous.


Like how many famous comedians were there? There were like five 10 at the most. Yeah, now there's hundreds. But back then, like nobody was famous. So, well It was all about getting on Carson. That was, that was the thing, right? It Was about getting HBO special. Okay. That was the big thing. Carson was big in the eighties, but for a guy like Kinison, even though he got on Letterman and he had one of the most brilliant sets ever on his Letterman sets. Fantastic. We played it on the show once, it's really good. But I think with Kinison it was really the HBO special. It was Rodney's, Rodney Dangerfield's young comedian special first. And people got to see him on that. Yeah. And then he did his own hour special. Yeah, you're right. 'cause when Eddie Murphy did his HBO special, that was when he just like, yep. Delirious. Then we had that, that like leather Suit.


Yep. Yep. I Remember high school everybody was like, it was all Norton. I've been looking at you and I know you've been looking at me. Yeah, he was. Yeah. I mean it's like, there was only a few back then though, You know, and then Dice came along and Dice had a completely different element to it because people wanted to repeat the lines. What's in the bowl bitch? Yeah. Oh, the whole crowd would go crazy. Yeah. It was like they, it was rock and roll like they sang along, you know, shot to the heart. It was like, it was like rock and roll. Yeah. Like everybody was singing along. You give live a bad name. They, the crowd wanted to say that. And the crowd wanted to say, little boy blew.


Oh, he needed the money. Yeah. Oh. I tried to talk my wife into seeing if we could hire diced to do our wedding. She wasn't having it. Who knows what he would've done. My, the vision I had, my wife wanted to do kind of an after party of the wedding. We had it at my house. So the idea was, you know, when, when half the crowd bangs off, because it's been a long day, there'll still be a crowd. They wanna hang out and just party And then dice shows Up and then dice shows up, then At 1:00 AM and then, and then takes the goes puts the death ray on me. Right. She just was not having it. We used to call, we used to say Dice had two dices, but my favorite dice was mean dice.


'cause mean Dice would like find a guy in the audience he knew who could take it, who couldn't, who's smiling and laughing along. He'd be like, look at you and just start tearing this fucking poor fool apart fun in Back then the beautiful thing was the Comedy Store had no audience. So he could go on unannounced. He would show up at like, you know, midnight on a fucking Monday night or something like that and just torture people for fun. Just for fun. He was only fucking around. He was home. I'm having Bill Bur PTSD 'cause that, that feeling when they put the death ray on you, did You, it really bothered you? No, it didn't bother me. It's just, I I it's uncomfortable. Well, I'm not, I'm not gonna, what do they always say?


Don't, don't bring a knife to a gunfight. Right, right. Yeah. Like, what am I gonna say? You know what I mean? What was he, why was he picking on you? I think 'cause he was uncomfortable about the whole setup. 'cause at the end of the day, it's my fault. I'm the one who said something in public. Right. So at the end of the day, I do bear the responsibility for initiating this insanity. It's taken a life of its own. Because I, I mean, I walk through public now and people are like, Hey, it's Bill Burr's brother. So he's gotta be getting it the other way. Ah, That's hilarious. You're the brother of that that that weird from the pumpkins. You know, like I, You know, I don't know, we Were talking about the other night at the club in the Green Room when we were convinced it was a, a bit that you guys were doing together.


We were convinced. Well, I no one disagreed. Every, no one was like, yeah, I think it's real. Most people were like, nah, I think they were fucking around. I think they, it seemed like they made an agreement. It's, It's, it's, it's somewhere between a bit and reality. And I think that's where it gets confusing. And that's why I would use the word meta. There's this moment, if you watch it back where how he splits and just leaves me and Bill alone. And, and, and how he's, you know, how he has a band that plays when he does a show. So, so that the gentleman who runs the band starts playing a really sad piano and Bill just starts riffing. It's just me and him in this room alone. I mean, I don't know Bill at all. And he's, and he starts talking about our shared dad. And it gets really weird because on some level it's like, it's possible.


Right? Right. Even if it's 1%, it's not a zero. Right. So that's where it gets kind of, that's why I say meta. It's like you're, you're, you're, you're looking down a hall of mirrors and you start almost playing with your mind. You're thinking like, well, I could, it could be possible. It's also the two of you guys doing this publicly is very pro wrestling, which is what you love. There's something about I Do, IIII brought a wrestler with me today. Yeah. Who runs the Pro Promotions for the NWA, But You know what I'm saying? It's like, there's something about it. It's like, is this kayfabe? You know, is this real? Is this a shoot or is this a work? Like what is this? Well, Tommy, You know, Tommy Dreamer, I, I know the name Tommy Dreamer, famous, ECW wrestler went on work for WWE and now works for TNA.


Tommy's the classic salty veteran. You know, seen it all, done it all, you know, been split in half and the whole thing says nothing Tommy hasn't seen. And And you know, Tommy will say something like, it's all at work. It's All the work. Like basically it's the cynical view that everything you see in the world is, is fake. Well, if you're a Pro resident, the president is fake. The, the, the, the, the news is fake. It's All the work. So once you go there cynically, it's hard to back out of that. Yeah. So I like the discomfort. The artist in me likes the discomfort. Yes. That's what I'm getting at. Yeah. Yeah. I really do like the discomfort.


I remember watching Andy Kaufman on Saturday Night Live circa 78 or whatever. And it's that idea that you can, you can create a, a, a vibration in the room between what's expected and where you're willing to go. Yeah. I have this one friend who was a performance artist, and she would do stuff like when she was in college, she would just walk in the cafeteria and take all, all her clothes and she would stick a camera in the corner and just film people's reactions. And it was interesting to watch because one guy would just keep eating his food and, and, and no salad. Like, I'm just gonna eat my salad and just pretend this isn't happening. Like, every human being goes in a different direction with the weirdness.


Right. So as an artist, you know, on a stage, you know, there is this kind of crazy power that you have because depending on what comes out of your mouth next to what you do can affect thousands of people. And then obviously through a digital medium even more. So there's something about flirting with the, the, the uncomfortable. But the, the re what makes it uncomfortable is there's always, it always has a foundation of truth. You know what I'm saying? Yes. I do know what you're saying. Yeah. If it didn't have a foundation of truth, it would just be silly. Right, Right, right. The Discomfort comes from like, oh, I rec there's something you're doing that I recognize in myself, or I know somebody that's like this.


Yeah. Well, it makes it much more interesting if it's, there's a 1% chance that it's true. If I just think you guys are running a sketch, it's kind of funny. But if it might be true, then it gets to that weird place, right. Where it's like, this is, Okay. So if I walked outta that room that day after, after meeting Bill for the first time, And it was a 1% chance, if now that I walk through life, we're up into like the 10 percentile in the public's mind. Yes. 10% of the public is convinced we're brothers. Even if I sat there and told him, no, it's not true More now That's okay. But I that's what I'm Saying now after the show. But that's why, that's why it's like when you, when you say it's a bit Yeah, it's a bit to the extent that you're playing with the idea. Yes. Do You know what I mean? Yeah. It would be like if I sat down and say, I, You know, I'm sure you remember the last time I was on your show, but You know, I met you when I was 12 and I told you this whole story about how I met you.


Like Kara Topp in his show tells this whole story about meeting Gallagher when he's a kid. Have you ever heard that? No. Gallagher is is is carrot tops hero. Sure. And he even does it like a thing at the end of his show in tribute to, to Gallagher. He kind of does a watermelon bit or something like that. But he tells this thing in the show about how meeting Gallagher when he was like 14 years old and Gallagher like actually gave him some advice that inspired him to be who he became so in. But I mean, for all You know, it's a bit Right, right, right. But he says it with such earnestness and it does have some, it feels right. But for all I know, it's just another bit. Everything's a work. That's What I'm saying. So I, if I came here, oh, Joe, I, you know, I met you when I was 12. You were at an airport, you were so nice, you signed an autograph.


You know, there's a party of you that would be like, well, it's like, it's possible. I mean, you know what I mean? It's, I got a pretty good memory. I'd be like, what happened? Where were we? I never, I never been there, but Sorry, I have this plague that I can't Get rid of. But if you have that Tommy's perception that everything's work, the, the whole world gets really weird. Well, I think we're there. Yeah. We de we definitely are. When it comes to politics in the news, I think our whole culture has been turned into like, like where are we? Right? Like, you know, that's why I started calling it like five, seven years ago, a post-truth era.


Right. I, I mean we've all been in that situation where somebody in our inner circle will bring up something that we know from a factually presented basis isn't true. I heard so and so did so and so, and you go, no, that's not true. Let me show you the YouTube clip. You know what I mean? This didn't happen, or no, so and so made a left not a right. But because of what they've heard, they, they believe it And You can literally show 'em something and say, no, no, look. And they're like, well, that must be AI or edited. It's like once, once somebody becomes convinced, this culture, it's really hard to un convince them. Right? And so, from a performing point of view, and somebody who's now also in, in the podcasting sphere, it's like, it's like, is it better to play into, into what people want?


Like, I, I really appreciated, and Bruce Springsteen's Broadway special when in the first five minutes, the thing, he basically says, I'm not really Bruce Springsteen. Have you ever seen it? No. It's really worth watching. He, in the first five, it's when he did his long Broadway run, you know about that. He did this thing where it was like he would talk and then play songs. No, I didn't even know I did It. Oh, yeah. It was huge. It was, he went on this massive Broadway run, huh. And the HBO did it and put it on as a special, but he literally, in the first five minutes of talking, and it's, you know, it's about 1200 people night. So it's a live audience. And he says in the first five minutes, by the way, I'm not Bruce Springsteen. Like I'm, I mean, that's my name. But the Bruce Springsteen, you think, he's like, I don't know how to fix a car.


I've never been a factory in my life. He, he, he serious. Yeah. Now I knew that as a performer, I could, I knew that what I was watching wasn't real. But people want him to play John Wayne so bad that he, he puts his finger in there and says, okay, you want me to be John Wayne? I'll be John Wayne. Right. But that's audience capture, right? Yes. But, but now, now we're in the business of it. I mean, there's obviously examples, historical antecedents over the last a hundred years of media Right. Where people would figure it out. Right. Charlie Chaplin or something, you know what I mean? Like, they wanted him to be the tramp. So he became the tramp. Right. He wasn't that guy at all. Right. He fed into it and obviously connected to something real in him.


But he wasn't really a tramp. He was a complete rich lethario. Well, you really see it in the dictator, that movie The Dictator. Yeah. Where has that insane speech at the end? Oh, yeah. Uniting the World. Yeah. Yeah. Well, He was out and out socialist, basically. And a brilliant guy. Like, oh yeah. I mean, I mean, just really crazy when you think about how silly his character was. His character was this like bumbling, stumbling goof. So That's what I'm saying. What is more, what is more valuable, what the public wants from you or what is true in the, in the entertainment world, we're used to it. Right? Yeah. Like, you could play Joe Rogan, the comedian at the drop of a hat. 'cause you've done it. And Joe Rogan, the UFC announcer, you know, just, I'm not saying it's not who you are, but it's, it's an extenuation.


We say in wrestling, you turn the volume up to 11. Right. It's still Joe Rogan. Yeah. I don't see as being disingenuous. I can't, I can't even think of one time I've ever seen you in any media where I thought that he's not playing. He's not Joe Rogan. You know what I'm saying? Right. I've done it. I've played other people. So, but what I'm trying to say is now we're in this thing where like, everybody's doing it. I mean, everybody, we've all looked at some girl on the internet and said, that's not how she really looks. And you gotta go through the Instagram and like, you find the real picture. Right. Like, everybody's kind of become comfortable with like a filter over everything. So that's what I mean, we're in a post-truth world where the impression is becoming more valuable than the reality. That's really, I think, unprecedented.


Yeah, I think so too. But I also think that authenticity is more valuable now than ever before because it's, it's hard to find. Well, that would be my argument for why my band has risen back up. Mm. 'cause we're one of the only bands left that sort of represents some ideal that's long abandoned. Right, Right, right. You're not a corporate creation. No, we never were. Right. And we were, And there's so many of them now, you feel like, you know, like you ever seen Kenton's bit about the monkeys, The, the band, the Monkeys? Yeah. I don't gimme the Well, It's a bit about Manson. It was, and then, you know, he, he does this bit about The Monkeys, about they weren't a real fucking band. Like, 'cause you know, they were, they were pieced together by a corporation.


The, the monkeys, like one of the, which were great, the monkeys are great. I'm a believer they had some great songs, but they were kind of a, one of the first corporate creations. But I actually on my podcast recently interviewed Mickey Dolans. Oh, wow. And we talk a lot about this very subject. It hasn't aired yet. But, but he was less interested in the discussion than I was. Because my argument would be is that the monkeys are actually the template that came our whole lives. The monkeys were dismissed as, as, as, as an anachronistic thing that went against the integrity of the Beatles. Right. But if you actually look now Beatles versus monkeys, the monkeys are more accurate of what came than the Beatles. In what way? Because authenticity is less and less and less important.


Oh. Those who establish authenticity. And I would include myself amongst that, and I'll include you in that. They're very valuable. But you also know, because of your, your public things that have gone on, you've had to stand there and take a lot of shit. Because just even speaking your own truth is inconvenient in a post-truth World. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So, so it's actually more politically expedient to, to create a character that can navigate this new world. And by the way, change on a dime. Right. Does it make sense the way I'm Positive? Yeah, no, it does make sense. So, so my argument would be from a rock and roll historical point of view, is that the monkeys are actually more relevant now in a particular way. The Beatles are this preeminent band. That's not the argument I'm making, I'm saying is the model of the monkeys, which was always held up as for, for a form of mockery.


Right. See, this is what you get when you make plastic music. No, no. We live in the age of plastic music now. Right. The monkeys are the, are the four are the grandfathers of this thing. Right. It wouldn't even be shocking today if the corporation put together a band. No one would dismiss the band because a bunch of people, they cast it together with a bunch of good musicians and created a band. No, I mean, I, I, We used to want Aerosmith, we used to want Stephen Tyler and Joe Perry Young coming up together playing music. That's what we used to want. We used to want The Beatles. They all got together. They formed the band. They played in Hamburg until they tightened it up. I used to work with the musician, and I was, I was in therapy at the time, and I was having a lot of problems with the musician.


And the musician was from a wealthy family. But he always, he didn't bathe and he wore junky clothes. He wanted people to believe he was somebody that he wasn't. Right. You know, I was actually from a ish family. He was from a rich family pretending to be poor. Yeah. And my therapist had the great line about him. He said, he looks like a junkie, smells like a junkie, but he doesn't have the guts to be a junkie. So if you can, if in this culture, you can pick up anything you want and adapt it without the downside of actually becoming it. Yeah. Well, you can see why so many people without courage or chops, it puts them in a game. It puts them in this social meu that, that we all sort of have to navigate.


Hmm. So now we're into this place where we're, we're talking to a lot of people who believe that they're, they're, they're furry number 4, 6 3, because that's all, that's all their status comes from their digital online group. Yeah. You know, I'm, I'm 57. I got two kids, another one on the way. I, I work with animal charities and I have a tea house and a wrestling company. And I'm still fighting at 57 with people who want me to be this guy that they believe I I am from 30 years ago. Right. And no amount of empirical evidence will change their minds. Right. They're upset with you because you're connected to something that's different than what they want you to be connected to. Like, they don't care what you really are. They don't want you to like pro wrestling, Sam Kinisons second act should have been, get sober, get straight and go on another hellacious run.


Yeah. I suspect Sam was very mentally ill. I never met him. But I, I think one of the reasons why he was self-medicating so hard was probably that head injury that he got when he was a young kid. Probably really fucked him up. 'cause I know quite a few people with some pretty significant head injuries, and they're wild and impulsive and aggressive and they do crazy things. Like some of them, like they just Gopuff on benders. They disappear for days. Like I think it's common with people with severe CTSC, CT TE CT. I, because I'm on the board, I'm on honorary on the board of the Concussion Legacy Foundation. Mm. Which I'm sure You know, has some tie to UFC too, because, you know, Chris Nowinski, who runs it, is my friend.


One of the main things that happens with people ha who start to get CTE early in life is lack of impulse control. Mm. Yeah. So suddenly you have a 40-year-old retired professional athlete who's faster and stronger than 99% of the population who can't control his temper. Right. Right. Right. That's what makes that situation so frightening for the families because they lose the ability to kind of keep it all reigned in. Right. Right. That happens a lot with fighters, football players. I'm sure it happens with pro wrestlers. Probably happens with a lot Of, it's getting better. I think with wrestling, the awareness is helping in our, in our organization, we forbid head shots. That's Good. But you know, the classic chair to the head, there's none of that in my world.


Good. Good. You don't need it. Well, For What? Yeah. The pain of watching people deteriorate is so awful. The, the pain in their eyes where they just can't navigate life anymore and they're, every day they have a fucking headache and they just in hell and they just wanna kill themselves. They just can't take it anymore. And it gets to a certain point where it sort of accumulates over time where it doesn't get better, it gets worse. Well, I think also, and I'm not speaking from experiences, but I've heard the stories you take people who are held up as, as, as almost like masculine ideals that fall isn't just the fall physically, it's the fall of like, I'm not the person, I'm not the hero that you've made me up to be anymore. I'm a right. I'm broken. Right. And I, I, I, there's nothing I can do to put the pieces back Together.


So that's a very hard journey for championship fighters when they're the fucking man. They're on top of the world. And then they have to just integrate society and be one of us when they used to be the dom, and then they go to the fights, they sit there with a nch and a, you know, a little bit of a belly sit there and watch people doing what they used to do. And they, they don't know how to make a living outside of fighting. They don't know what to do. It's very few of them figure out how to transition into some other stage of life. The thing about athletics is by the time you're 40, you're essentially done, unless you're a rare Tom Brady type character or Randy Couture who can compete into their forties. Yeah. Bernard Hopkins, great example. But at a certain point in time it's over.


And you have to know when it's over. And then what you've put all your eggs in this one basket where to be a championship fighter, like a Lennox Lewis or a Vander Holyfield, you have to be all in. You can't have like a side gig in a blues band. There's no room for you writing books. Yeah. There's no room for you, you know, fucking selling things on Etsy. Yeah. Like, Well, that's, it's a, it's, I know this is a leap of, of discussion, but that's one of the discussions that's going on internally in my band is I'm 57 and one guy's 56, and one guy's think 61. You know, it's like, at what point do you start to dial the thing down? My brain is wired. I'm gonna go until I run to a brick wall. Right. And they're more like, well, things are pretty good.


You know what I mean? Like, do we have to keep throwing ourselves into the mall of the public? You know? Yeah. And my argument is like, it'd be like going into a UFC fight and not fighting to win. Right, right, right. Fighting not to lose. Right. That seems to me far more dangerous. And that's kind of my argument is it's like, in order to be in the arts, you've gotta, it's a pal Mel, all, all, all in. Yeah. All in or all out. That's the only gear I know. Yeah. There's the thing that happens to bands when they get to a point where they never make any new music. Right. And they just tore on the old music. You're, You're, you're you're touching on, on the, on the nerve of my life. Yeah. How do you navigate that? I just keep working.


I refuse. That's it. In my case, back to my daddy for a second, I watched my dad play songs. He didn't wanna play. Mm. I watched him doing drug deals rather than make money for music. I watched him give up on his talent, his dream, all of it. I watched it destroy my father. And then if you wanna even go further in a kind of a mythical way, my success destroyed him again. Ooh. So if you've watched that. Well, I, then I was lucky enough to have kids late, late in life. My first kid came when I was 48, and we're about to have one again, 57.


Once my kid came, I was like, this kid is not gonna look at me how I looked at my father. Mm. Like, should've, would've coulda. Yeah. So I had to get myself up off the couch and like, get serious again and again, that's that mentality, that killer mentality. Like, I can still go, I'm gonna go. So until somebody stops me, I'm gonna go, Well, that's what got you to the dance. Right. Well, even doing the podcast, this is, You know, You know, it's just, it, it looks easy to just sit and talk, but it requires prep and, and mental focus. And it's, it's a lot harder than I would've thought. You know? And, you know, I got money. I mean, I could sit home. I, I like being in the game. I like the hustle. I like having to learn things.


I like having to, what do you Enjoy about podcasting and why'd you decide to get into it? A quick story was, I, I did a, I did a podcast based on an album that we put out that was 33 songs, and I did it for iHeartRadio and that they were fine and everything. But when it all finished, I started to kind of enjoy it a bit. And I poked around as you do to see if anybody was interested. And it was, it was like crickets. Nobody gave a shit about me being a podcaster, like, at all. And if any kind of response came back and be like, well, if you wanna tell stories about the nineties and get other nineties artists on to talk about the nineties, we'd be cool with that. But other than that, we have no use for you. So I just thought, okay, not for me, not meant to be. And then I did Club Random with Bill Maher, and as soon as I was done with the episode and shaking everybody's hands, they said, bill, starting a podcast network, would you be interested in doing this?


And I said, only if I could do whatever I wanna do. And they said, tell us what it is. And I pitched them the idea that is the show called Magnificent Others. Now I said, I wanna talk to whoever I want to talk to about whatever I wanna talk about. But here's the reason. And the reason to, to the heart of your question is I feel there's a lot of people in this culture that don't get celebrated in the way that I would celebrate them because our, we, because we've, we've become so skewed with influencers and people who are famous that don't do shit. Yeah. And I think there's a lot of value in American culture that can be celebrated. So you, you're talking about like, say a a a, a retired fighter or something. There's a lot we can learn from a retired fighter. Yeah. You know, you have a shogun armor out here, you know what I mean?


To me, a retired fighter's like you think, I don't wanna sit down with a retired show gun. Right. And ask them about what it's like to be in there alone. Right. Recently interviewed Steve Vi, the great guitar player. And I, for some reason, I had this idea of, of, you know, like the, the classic Sergio Leone, two guys at the end of the street with the gun. Yeah. So I said to Steve G vi, who do you fear at the end of like, who's the faster gun? You know what I mean? That's his right. Not I'm projecting. Right. But I'm saying we all have that moment. Like, who do we not want to be in the Octagon with? Is It Eddie Van Halen? Who was it for Me? Yeah. Or For, or for him? For Steve. I, He didn't, he didn't wanna say really.


Well, I, I think he's a top guy, so. Right, right, right. Why would you wanna create heat where there's no need to create heat? I mean, he's, he's at an elite level. Right. I'll tell you what, I wouldn't wanna be at the end of the street with him, Steve, I, at the other end of the street. Yeah. Or vey. Yeah. Those guys are Like insane Shredders. I mean, yeah. I mean, I'm an amateur, You know, compared to those guys. So I wouldn't want the Woo. There's something about that kind of shredding too, that's just like so stunning. Freakish. Yeah. I mean, you, do you still train MMA or I, I, I still do martial arts, so I don't spar though. I don't get hit in the head anymore, But, but there's gotta be those times where you see a fighter that just, they just get it. Yeah. And it looks easy for them.


And you're like, how is that Autism? Okay. God bless. But I'm saying that's the way it is for me with other musicians sometimes. Right, right. I'll look at a guy like Steve Vy and Eddie Van Halen Ring Van. Like how do you do that? Right. Like, what it must have been like when Hendricks burst onto the scene. My dad had a story actually. Yeah. He's, he was playing a club in Wisconsin. He never heard of Jimi Hendrix. And Jimi Hendrix was playing the night before. They were playing the same club. So one of his boys said, why don't we go up, watch this s new guy, Jimi Hendrix will hang out. We'll play the gig the next night and we'll drive back to Chicago. So imagine my dad's in a club in Wisconsin with like a thousand people in 1966 or 67, and now walks Jimi Hendrix. Whoa. My dad said he'd never even heard his music.


So it split his mind. And he said it was so shocking the way he played and how masterful he was at it. He said when he got on stage the next night, he felt like he couldn't play the guitar at all. Wow. It was like, it was like an alien instrument. That's, and Clapton talks about it other Yeah. Like Jimmy Hendrix, blue Clapton's Mind and Yeah. Whatever. When Royal Albert Hall, whatever it was, he was like, oh my God, what the hell is happening? Yeah. And it was a bag of nails or something was called. He was like, what am I doing? And this is when people were spray painting on the walls in, in London, clapped in his God. And here comes here, shows up. This guy who was on the Chitlin circuit is what they used to call playing for Little Richard and, and the Isley Brothers. I mean, he was just in the back band.


Yeah. And he shows up in England. Chaz Chandler of the bassist from the animals goes, this guy could be a star, gets him a record deal. He shows up in England, and next thing you know, he's like, Hey, Joe is the number one hit. And he's on, he's on tv. And it's like, wow. I mean, imagine that. Wow. So yeah, there are those people that's like, it's so shocking. Van Halen was the same way you, I got to interview him once and sit in his studio for four hours. He would just play the guitar and you'd just be like, I don't understand how this is possible. You're doing inhuman things and I know, I know how to do what you do. Yeah. And I can't even come close to doing what you're doing is shocking. It is. It's always interesting too that people have a specific sound. Like you can hear them And you know, who's playing the guitar.


Okay. Like, Ste, Ray Vaughan had a sound like you can hear him, like when he was doing Voodoo Child, like, oh, that's a Stevie version. Like he played music. Do you play guitar At all? No. So the one thing I'll tell you guitar player to non guitar player is the thing you learned about the great guitar players. It's, it's, it's, it's all in their hands. Everybody focuses on what amp what guitar? The gear. It's, it's somehow, it's the way they, they hit the strings. I couldn't even explain it to you. They just have a different, we call it Attack. Attack. I have no idea. Steve Ray won, for example. He played his strings purposely high. He made it harder to play the guitar. Really? And still played at that level. Now there's a belief with certain guitar players that the higher you put the strings, the more you have to dig out the notes and that, so it becomes more emotive.


So imagine he's doing it at that level. Even har he's making it harder to do what he's doing and he's doing it at that level. Wow. Unbelievable. Create incredible talent. I mean, shocking. Again, shocking. It's like, where does that come from? Just has it, We have a photo of him in the tunnel leading up to the stage in my comedy club of him on stage at that club in 1980. Oh, at the same place? Yeah. I think it's 88 or 86 some, somewhere in the eighties. He's on the, maybe it's 83, but it early in the, sometime in the eighties. Yeah. And it's like Steve Ray Vaughan on stage at that club. And it's wild.


It's just wild to think that he was in this room, you know? 'cause Austin, where he is from, And think about this, 'cause he talked about it. There was a point in his life where he was dropping rocks of Coke, I think, in whiskey and drinking it Geez. And rotten his stomach out. And he got sober like in the last year or so, his life. And he played even better. Right. If you listen to the recordings that he made live, particularly in the last year or so of his life, he's playing even better. Yeah. So that's why I say about Sam Kinison, imagine if he, he cleaned out, was able to make that left. And I, like I said though, I think Sam was dealing with something. I think his demons were internal. I think the Steve Ray Vaughn thing, what's fascinating to me is, well, first of all, he's the only guy that can play voodoo child other than Hendricks.


Like, if, if you're like at some upstart and you want to release Voodoo child today, like Jesus Christ, like what are you doing? You're trading you, you're treading on hollowed ground. You know, like maybe you can do all along the watchtower because that was actually a Dylan song. Right? Maybe. But You know why he, you know, this is my opinion, but you know why he, he plays Voodoo child so well why? Because he had studied the same guys that Hendricks had studied. So he's not imitating Hendricks. He's coming from the same wellspring of information. Like, who are the Guys? Albert King. Oh, BB King, Albert King. You know, it's, it's Muddy Waters. It's understanding the way those guys played.


So he's not imitating Jimi Hendrix. He's playing from the same spot. Have you ever heard of Johnny Thunder? You mean talking about from the New York Dolls? No, Johnny Thunder was an artist in the 1960s, and he put out a song called I'm Alive in, I think it was 1969. And it was also covered by another band. But his version is fucking insane. It's so good. You can't believe he didn't make it. Can I play it for you, Please? Yeah. His is the Cover, right? That's right. His version's the cover. What was the other version of it? It's Tommy James and the Hon Des Tommy James and the hon des their version.


Eh, but okay. Johnny Thunder put the headphones on. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's In another new commercial I've heard recently too. Yeah. Well, we started talking about it like a year or so ago. My friend Brian Simpson played it for me. And he goes, you are gonna fucking love this. And he goes, this is a one hit wonder from 1969. Woo. Never heard of I, I'm usually know all this Stuff. Fucking fantastic. Right? Yeah. I don't don even know where he is from. I can't even identify where he is from by the, The fucking song is fantastic. It's so good. It just ma it stuns you because you hear something like that and you go, how did he not make it? What hope is there?


Imagine if you were around and 1969, you see that guy up the whiskey of Gogo, he gets on stage and plays that song. You're like, holy shit. But, but to be fair, I I, I saw those people in the eighties and I saw those people in the nineties and I I, I couldn't imagine that they weren't gonna make it and they didn't. Yeah. Isn't that weird? And that was part of the vibe that my father put on me, which was like, well, how the hell did you get out? Right. Of course. Well, the fucking resentment must have been astounding. You know, when you're, you know, trying and kind of half-assing it and your son comes along and all of a sudden he is doing arenas. You're like, what the fuck? This interview from Rolling Stone by Bob Dylan literally almost has what you guys just quoted.


Like never heard of it. I can't believe it. Right. We talked about this. Yeah. Bob di what year was this? 1969. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? That's right. We talked about this. Bob Dylan. So he discovered it and was asking Jan Winter if he'd heard of it. That's So crazy. Or All the way around. Even Bob Dylan couldn't make it Huge. So 1968. Okay. Yeah, Bob Dylan put it on the radio Wow. And then disappeared. That's fucking incredible, man. Incredible. Cause you feel like a guy who make a song that's that good. Oh my God, all you need is good songwriters. And that guy's gonna be huge. There's a fucking billion dollars in there waiting for you.


Dig it Out. But that's, that's kinda what I was saying before is like, it's, it's, it's a curious thing. Wipe certain people make it and certain people don't. My father, before he passed away, he told me you had the one thing that I didn't have, which was the ambition. Like, he wanted it. He said, I didn't really want it, I just wanted it to come, come to me. Mm. Well also I think if you're involved in a life of crime like that, a lot of cocaine and fun, first of all, there's a lot of bad karma that you have, but also it's like you're, you're too distracted. Like you're too in that life, you're never gonna really be able to go all in on music as an artist. So you're never gonna really be able to reach your full potential.


Right. Yeah. That's, that's kind of, that's what he was saying. He was admitting to me that he had, he had made some sort of internal decision that, that he didn't wanna do whatever he had to do to do it. Yeah. He, he made certain excuses involving the mob. He did say that back then, and it is a known thing in Chicago that in order to be successful in Chicago, you had to basically sign contracts with the mob. Right. You know, there's all always been rumors about the band Chicago, that there were mob ties with their, with their world. I'm sure there was a lot of that going on. I mean, Wasn't That the whole Hendricks thing? You, you ever know that conspiracy? Well, yeah, I've read about that. That's, that, that gets into other types of complications. And I'm not, I don't have a an opinion on it.


It's just, it's like saying there's no way to separate the two things at the time. Right. Like anybody back then, you know, any clubs at the time, particularly in Chicago, they were all mob. Right. Connected And Los Angeles as well. Sure. So if you were a comedian or a, you know what I mean, an mc or whatever you were doing, like, here's Lola the dancer, you know, you were connected. There was a wise guy standing there. And everybody knew they were because that's how they did their, did their business. Because if you didn't like what Johnny Rocco was doing, you were gonna get in trouble and you didn't wanna get in trouble. Yeah. And I, and I went to school with a bunch of the mob wise guys, kids and grandkids. I worked at a mob club in Connecticut.


I worked, I did stand up. And another one in Long Island, there was where the guys were connected by the mob. And in, in Boston as well, in Boston, Nick's comedy stop, they would offer to pay you in cocaine or money. We played a club on Long Island once where the crowd was moshing. And in the middle of the four song guy on the side of the stage that worked for me was waving, like, stop playing in the middle of the song. And I, I fucking stop playing. Got a thousand people out in front of me. And, and he kind of did one of these. And there were two, two wise guys with standing there with suits on, kinda like, you're gonna get in trouble with these guys if you don't stop. And I said, I don't give a fuck. And I kept going. So they waited one more song, and then they came out between songs on stage with their backs to the audience, and they pulled their coats open and showed me a gun and said, you better calm the fuck down.


Whoa. Because Long Island of the washing. Yeah. 'cause it was one of, we used to call 'em brass and fern bars, You know, like the, the brass bar and the Ferns. Right, right, right. You Know that bar, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You've all Been there. And we were playing one of those places for some reason, and the crowd was going ape shit. They were bouncing off the wall. So they were blaming us for the reaction of the crowd. So they wanted us to bring the crowd down, but how do you bring the crowd down? So they, they literally showed me a gun and said, you better calm the fuck down. So what did you Do? I just kept going. What were they gonna kill me on stage? Jesus Christ. What happened when you got off stage? They weren't gone. Really? I, I, I mean, may, there might have been a problem if somebody had done some real damage or something, but I, there was no problem.


But they, they definitely threatened me on stage. How did They not know about Maes? This is This, this is me. Like 180 pounds and like long hair And, you know, bad attitude. That's Hilarious. No, I don't think they'd ever seen anything like moshing. You know, this is like 92. This is a very, very new phenomenon to, to the, to the outside world. But Moshing was going on before that. Right? Oh yeah. But it's only in the underground clubs, is what I'm saying. It's like, that's what I'm saying. You're in a, you're in a Wise guy's club on Long Island with brass rails and ferns. And I dated a girl in the eighties who went to see the cre the, the cramps and came home with a concussion. Yeah. Poison Ivy from the mosh bit. I were Poison Ivy. She was the guitar player for the Cramps.


Oh, Right. So great. Yeah. Bad music for bad people. Did you, did you ever kind of encounter the alternative scene when you Were a kid? Not really. No. Just Not, not for you. The Freaks. I didn't go to very many con I mean, I went to a few concerts when I was a kid, but not a, like I went to Jay Giles band. I saw George Thoroughgood Not exactly alternative There. Yeah. No, I didn't. I never really saw a lot. And then once I started really getting into comedy, I didn't really go to see anybody perform. I was mostly just performing myself. Yeah. So I never got to see anybody. Yeah. And I didn't really become friends with band people until I moved to Hollywood.


And, you know, then like in the late nineties and two thousands, I met a bunch of band people And it was always weird. You know, hanging out with them was always odd. It's like, oh, that's that guy from that band. Yeah. It's a lot of, a lot of like, what do you call it when the brain, when the brains don't connect The brain hemispheres bipolar a lot about bipolarity in, in, in music musicians. Yeah. Oh yeah. Particularly high levels. I, my theory is, is the reason they become musicians is they overdevelop one side of their brain. Oh, you know, this, I, you know, you probably get on somebody who's knows what they're talking about. But the idea is that if people's, their brain hemis, and that's why a lot of musicians do Coke, is it helps the polarities work.


It helps the brain communicate left to right. Really? Oh yeah. It's a known thing that Coke really helps that if you have that bipolarity. Huh. Do pe is that a medication for people that are bipolar? Do they give them Adderall or anything like that? Is there, I don't know. I mean, I've worked with people who are bipolar and they've talked about their medications and stuff, You know? Huh. And it's still kind of an inexact science bipolarity. It's Crazy to think that Coke helps fix some things. I think it helps the, I think it helps the, what I've heard is it helps the brain communications. Anybody I've known that's bipolar as a musician that did Coke told me they felt normal. It's the first time in their life they felt normal, that their brain worked normally.


What a terrible thing. Yeah. It doesn't work. Right. But Imagine if that's the thing that keeps you together, is cocaine. I wonder if what Coca leaves would do, because there's a lot of people like the high altitude herding populations, And you know, like people in Peru, they chew coca leaves just for energy. And apparently it's a very different thing. Yeah. Like the chewing of the COA leaves, or You can get tea, coca tea. Yeah. I was just in South America, I've had that. I've mate de coca. Yeah, yeah. I've about That. It's like, to get a little bit of a clarity, But the chewing of the leaves is like, it's so normal for them and it's illegal over here. Yeah. But but back to the theory, the idea is if you have one side of your brain, overdevelop, it makes you good at something that you wouldn't necessarily be good at And then bad at life.


Yeah. Probably. You know? Right. So you need a handler like Elvis. So, so if The colonel, so if you, if you're meeting a successful musician, they're the, they're the, the graduating class of the bipolarity. Oh, okay. That makes sense. So there's some functional level of a, of Acumen. That makes sense. That makes Sense. That's why when through the years, as I've heard people give rumor to any number of famous rock stars, it's like I recognize All the behaviors. Most people treat it like, oh, can you believe so-and-so did this and made this erratic decision? It's like, no, that's, that's a musician. That's how, that's how most of their brains work. Yeah. I don't know what it is. And maybe there's a comedic parallel, but it just strikes me that the reason there's such consistent bad behavior with musicians is 'cause they, their brains don't work.


Right. And I'm sure somebody's gonna get mad at me for saying that, but I, I mean it as a compliment there, it makes them good. It's something that they maybe wouldn't necessarily be good at. And maybe I, I don't know. I, I've never been tested. I don't think I'm bipolar. But Yeah, I probably, I would imagine then a lot of like, motivational speakers would not be awesome band members. You know what I mean? Like, people who are completely dialed in with their life. Tony, Tony Robbins, my new bass player, You know, they get up in the morning and they do their exercise and yoga and they eat well. They stare at the sun as it rises and they get their fucking whole life dialed in. They probably wouldn't be the best band members. Well, especially Like elite Singer. There's no, there's no good band members. That's the problem. Well, how do you guys sit, how do you keep it together for all these years?


Like what's the key to a harm Harmonious? Well, we didn't, that's, that's the thing. I mean, we broke up in 2000 and then the drummer and I brought the band back in 2007 and it only lasted two years. And then I soldiered on Alone is the only original member from 2009 to 2015. And then the drummer came back and then the guitar player who I didn't talk to for 16, 17 years came back in Jesus. 2018. So we've been in intact three quarter units since 2018. How come you guys didn't talk for so long? It's real heat. It was real Heat. You know, that sucks. No, it's all, it's all resolved now. I mean, it's all good. I mean, I mean, I think if you don't talk to somebody for 16, 17 years, there's a beef there that, You know what I mean? It lasts. Yeah. A real one.


Yeah. But it's interesting to me how people can manage like that. It's always, like, as comics, we always look at band members going, imagine if all of your fucking success depended on this guy showing up, that guy showing up this guy's girlfriend, not getting in the way. This guy's fucking uncle not trying to manage you guys. Like, you have all these fucking people and you're trying to put together songs and you're trying to like, get out. Come on, we got a tour. I don't want a tour. My mom needs me to help her with the fucking business. And what are you talking about, man? We're in a band. We gotta we have a record deal. I'm nodding my head. 'cause this is every, this is my life experience for 35 years. We, we, as comics, we always talk about it. Thank God we're like a one man show.


Thank God. All we need is other comics to work with us. The problem with the band is, is the band members have no idea why it works. We're, we're, we're, we're clueless as to the mystery of why people are attracted to us as a unit. We, we, we can certainly conceptualize, like I write good songs and I play good guitar. But there's something about bands that creates a kind of a magical P Townsend referred to it as a gang, A gang that you want to be in. That's what makes bands attractive to people. That was his opinion. I don't totally, I don't disagree. It's, there's something that goes on in those relationships that's kinetic enough that it, it sustains past whether or not you have a good song.


Right. Or two. Right. Right. Yeah. It's All the pieces make the puzzle together. It's not one piece as an individual. It's all of them together make Led Zeppelin Yes. All Together. So, so if you're lucky and, and in this new world, you know, you got the stones playing into their eighties. Yeah. So the economy of music has changed where it's like you're in an elongated state of success. It's just totally unprecedented by the way. Right. There's no para, there's no, what's going on with rock bands in their fifties and beyond is there's no prior parallel in a hundred plus years of recorded music. Right. There's not even one instance You can point to and say it worked that way then. So we're all in uncharted territory and there's nobody that can even really advise you.


There's always the material thing of like, well, you're gonna make a lot of money and, you know, you got this IP and the band and, but it's like the actual sort of the nuts and bolts of how to hang together. So for us, it's been really, it's the, I call it the family of the band. There's some sort of pride that's emerged with like, we've all survived. Our relationships are intact enough for us to get on a stage and somehow it benefits our families individually. So it has allowed us to sort of pride, you know, that it's because it's less about our relationship and more about our relationship with our families. Mm. That's allowed us to have a sweetness between the three of us that we didn't have when we were young. Oh, well that's cool. Well, also probably just growing up and being more mature and appreciative, You'd bere really going on a limb there with the growing up.


Shit. That's your, A little bit of gratitude. Perpetual adolescence over here. Well that is part of the fun though. I mean, you don't actually have to really grow up. You know, it's funny, even when I say something like this, there's already some guy getting ready to go on Reddit, but there is a day you wake up and you look in the mirror, you're like, I'm a rock star. This is fucking cool. Yeah. And, and, and there's another day that you wake up and go, you know, I don't have to get off this rockstar train if I don't want to. Well, Look at the stones. I saw the stones at Coda at the Circuit of Americas here in Austin a couple years ago. It was fucking insane. It's insane. I I I, it was almost like having an out of body experience. 'cause you, you can't believe you're really seeing Mick Jagger, like when he is out there dancing. I swear to God, I felt like I was on a drug.


I was like, my, my friend Bobby and I were hanging, he, he's the one that he owns that place Circuit of the Americas. And I was standing next to him, like, I can't believe they're really here. Like, there's certain people that you just get weirded out by being like, bill Murray was here the other day. Yeah. And I even told them, I'm like, I'm weirded out. I'm weirded out that you're here. Like, it's just, there's a lot of people that I don't freak. I mean, I've met a lot of people, I don't freak out about too many of 'em, but Bill Murray I freaked out about. But seeing Mick Jagger just, I didn't even get to meet him, but seeing him on the stage, they're like, this is nuts. That's really Mick Jagger. Yeah. Well, the, the, the mythical part, see in, in, in his case, the mythical part of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards is integrated.


They, they, they become the avatar. Right. They're the living example of where it actually works. Right. My argument is against those people where it doesn't work. You know, Larry for six five on the internet. Right. Who thinks he's Lord of like, you know, d and d or something, you know what I mean? That's where I get kind of like, what is that? I get the other thing, You know, because You know, whether it's a, You know, what do you Mean by Larry for, I don't, I'm not sure. I'm, I'm joking about the guy on the internet who's, his entire status is based on being in a subculture and, and achieving some status within the subculture, which doesn't really apply into the outside world. Oh, Like a Reddit forum or something? Yeah, whatever, whatever it is. Mick Jagger walks into a stadium full of people. They're there to see Mick Jagger and Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood.


Right. Even though they're 80 and you who's been around, everybody goes, holy shit. There it is. Yeah. Just the fact that he was alive. Okay. But it, but it's the myth made reel. Yes. Have you ever watched those YouTube videos? Like, what was Caesar really like? You know what I mean? Right, Right, right. That type of stuff. Right. Like, what was it like to live in those times? Because there's the myth and then there's the reality. Right. And then sometimes if you learn about the reality, you're like, wow, that guy was really a badass. Or she was really a badass because it's, it, the thing is real. The mythology is real. It's like Right. It has truth or, or resonance in it. It's all this other culture that's risen up where we're supposed to pay tribute. And that goes back to the podcast. It's like we're paying tribute to people who haven't done shit.


Right. I wanna pay, I wanna pay tribute to people who've actually done something. Yes. Well, that's what you like about doing your podcast, then you just like finding people that resonate with you that really like strike a chord. Okay. I just, the other day, I, I interviewed Susan Olson, who was Cindy Brady. Okay. The Brady Bunch. Oh wow. Okay. The Brady Bunch is, you know, as far as the, the original show, I think it's been over for 50 years, right? I think so, yes. Right. Yeah. Okay. Every interview you, you look up on YouTube, on Susan Olson, it's like, it's just getting her to regurgitate the same stories. And she did The Brady when she, when she was like seven to 12 years old or something. Wow. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You're Gilligan for life.


Okay. My thing is no, you're not Gilligan for life. So that's, that's what, and then I, we had a great chat because I, I think there's a lot to learn from somebody who went through a zeitgeist moment at such a young age. Like how do you navigate past that? Yeah. What do you do with yourself? Like, how do you pick yourself up off the ground? Right. How do you deal with typecasting? How do you navigate the fact that as you walk through the airport, you're not Susan Olson. You're Cindy Brady. Do people still recognize her? Oh yeah. Wow. Yeah. Well, there's Barbara Eden. I dream of Jeanie. That was another one. Yeah. People get locked into who they are. Al Bundy. I'm still the rat in the cage guy. I mean, I, I deal with that too, you know? Yeah. But It's such a good jam.


It's such a good jam. That's a fucking great song. Thank you. That's on the Green Room playlist. That fucking song rules. Dude, That was a good one. Oh my God. All time. Classic. I didn't get it at the time. I actually had to be talked into it. Really? Yeah. We were putting out our double album And it was this big pressure moment, 95. And I wanted a different song to be the first song. And the guy from the record company called, who's now passed away, his name was Phil Cord. Lovely guy. And he, he literally did the thing on the phone, kid, it's a smash, you gotta trust me. And I trusted him. Wow. I thought he was crazy. Didn't you think that that's sometimes because you're too close to your own creation? Of course. Yeah. Like you, you're never gonna get to see how your songs impacted other people.


The way it impacted that. You know, you're not gonna feel that the way they feel it, like hearing that song for the first time completed. They've never seen you rehearse it. They don't know how you wrote it. They don't know how you guys practiced it, how you fucked around with the lyrics. You did a different way. They just get the first, they get the full version of it done. Yeah. They're like, holy shit. And they're, it's, it's kind of awful that you don't get to experience that. Like you created it. Yeah. The only time I've been able to experience that is when I was really high. Oh wow. Like getting so high that I could hear it for The first time As if it was somebody else singing. Ooh. What really tripped me out about doing a lot of drugs back in the day was I would hear messages in my music that I didn't even know I was putting in there.


And at some point I became conscious of my unconscious ability to put messages inside. Are you looking at me like I'm crazy? No, no, no. It's Fascinating. So imagine I'll try to reset up the scenario. Okay. You write a song, you think it's about something, you're sure of it. And in fact, you would tell people, sorry, this horrible plague I got No worries. You're convinced that this song that you've written is about your ex-girlfriend. And then when you're super high, you listen and you can, you can hear yourself actually singing about something else. Mm. So now you have a, you have a conscious understanding of something. You're unconscious is implanted in the, in the art. And once I became conscious of the process, I became more aware of how to consciously plant messages in my music.


Does that make sense? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. You, you just operated on layers. You put stuff in there. Yes. But I didn't know that I was doing it until I did a lot of drugs. Ah, that there was this other voice at work, this subliminal voice like, Can you gimme an example? The conscious mind wants to believe the song's about your ex-girlfriend, but what it's really about is about being abandoned by your mother. If you, if if you came up to me and said, what's that song about? And I trust you? And I go, oh, it's just about my ex. I believe it. I would believe it. Like 100%. And then I listen to it high on drugs and I'm like, oh my God, I'm singing about my mother and I'm weeping. And I had no conscious mind when I wrote the song that it was about my mother.


Wow. And then once I have that kind of agape moment of like, holy shit, then I go back and listen to the music sober and I can totally hear it. And then where it gets really weird is people would come up to me and say, that song that reminded me of my relationship with my mother, Thank you. That healed. Like, wow. People would come up and respond to me on the unconscious recognition, not what I thought I wrote the song about. That blew my mind that there was this other person in there layer at work and I, and I gained a lot more respect for, for like, I guess we would call it the shamanic aspects of art. Mm. I dunno if, You know, read Castane, but you know, do you read casts?


Maybe I did in high school, I think. Yeah. Yeah. It was Kind of a thing for our generation. Everybody kind of read Castaneda. Yeah. And it's still to this day, debated about whether Castane like was a real thing. It was a documentary, it was true. Stories are made up and did Don won the, the Shaman? Was he a real person? Is there really a Don won? There's a lot of debate. Even I think there's even been New York Times articles written about it, right. About whether casts this whole thing is a fraud and all this stuff. And I think Castus may even still be alive. Really. That might be one to look up sometime. But anyway, I, I gained a lot more respect that that artists have the ability to communicate at subconscious levels that they're not even aware of. I don't know if that resonates the way I'm explaining it, but that's, that, that it moves something to me, allowed me to be a better artist.


That's fascinating. And it also, like, you can never guess like what kind of an impact your, especially if you're too close to it, what kind of an impact your work is gonna have on someone who's seeing it for the first time. And if there's like multiple layers that you're operating on that you're not even totally aware of, and then you put out this thing that has this like very complex, layered message in it. Yeah. And it just makes people go, oh my God, that's like one of the ultimate expressions of art. Right. Like something that just, it music does something very strange that no other art form does. It operates like a drug. Like music gives you more energy when you're on the treadmill.


Like if a great song comes on, you're working out, you're like, fuck yeah. Like you feel it, you know? Yeah. There's rifts, there's guitar rifts, I swear to God make you stronger. Like tool prison sex. Yeah. That song makes you just fucking raw. You know, there's like something to it. It gives you energy. Yeah. It's like a drug there, it's an audio drug. It fires up your synapses in this very strange way. The best explanation I ever heard that resonated with me was, you know, the entire universe is constructed on waves, light, everything has to do with waves.


So music is the closest thing to the foundational aspects of the universe. Sorry. That's okay. I know what you're saying. Yeah. Well that makes sense Because it pen it penetrates the cellular. Right. Well people that you know, go on these shamanic journeys, the, the ayahuasca journeys, they play these songs that accompany the ayahuasca journey. They're called Eco Rose. And when you, Are they traditional ayahuasca songs? Yes. And they have like this weird beat to them. Well, you listen to them by themselves, you're like, I don't get it. But if you listen to them under the influence, you, the, the psychedelic experience dances to those songs and it gets guided by those songs.


And it's really wild. Like really wild. Like, and then you go, oh, this is like a technology to interface with the psychedelic experience. It's Not Okay. That's but, but Okay. But you're hitting on exactly what I'm saying. Hmm. I think artists, and I'll exclude myself from the discussion so I don't make somebody mad. Artists have a way of knowing how to do that without anybody teaching them. Hmm. Right. They just know what music beats chords, melodies lyrics to use, to penetrate. And, and the successful artists think of it, they do it at scale. Yeah. Well, there's this thing that happens when someone's really in it, where you feel it from them while they're performing and you just, you just like get drawn into it.


Like, wow. I remember the first time I saw Mr. Jones in me, first time I saw Counting Crows play that song the way he was like dancing around in the living room. I'm like, that guy is so free. Like, I wanna be free like that. You know? I really remember thinking that. Yeah. 'cause it was so real. He was so in the moment while he was singing that song, and I had Adam in here and I asked him about it, I'm like, what? What is that? Like, you were fucking locked in, man. Like, I remember being a kid, I was probably like 23 or something like that when that song came out and I was in my apartment in New York watching it going fuck watching on MTV going, this guy's just so loose, man.


He's so free. And I remember thinking, I wanna be able to perform like that. And whatever I do, I wanna feel like, how's that, what's that zone that he's in? Well, Part of that is, you know, you know, a lot of shamanic work involves the breath. So think a singer is is rhythmically breathing. Yeah. And rhythmically chanting. Yeah. So that's one thing that most people would not pick up on. There's a ton of expiration of breath. You know, like, what's the win? Hoff, Wim Hoff, you know that? Yeah. Well, I do that for two hours. Right? I mean, I'm totally asphyxiated the entire time. Right. It's not natural to scream your head off for two hours. It just isn't. Do you have to get in shape to do it?


Do you have to get your buds In shape? I do, I do. I do. To a certain extent. Yeah. Do You build up to like a concert performance? Like how Do you do it? You have to it to a certain extent. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know how to explain it. Like, I, if, if you, if like, I'm off cycle right now, so if you came to see me play an hour and a half show tomorrow, I could do it, but I probably couldn't talk the next day. But if I do a week of rehearsals and prep up, then I can. So it's like a muscle, like Something Yeah. I don't understand. I don't understand it. It's almost like a trained fury. Ah. Like, you learn to not go too far. Pace It. They say blow your voice out. You have to really know where the line is. By the way, when you're, when you're dealing with a ton of adrenaline, like the thing with fighters comes to mind.


Like, they'll come in, they'll, they'll gas in a minute. Yes. Because they're so jacked. Right. Sometimes you see a guy get in a rain, they're just like, like z Yeah. And they gas in a minute. I know how to see that because of watching wrestlers gas, you know? Mm. You, you get, you, you learn that the body language of somebody getting gassed, you know, they kind of start to lose their posture and little go goosey. Right. They get loose. Okay. Same thing for, for a singer. I mean, you can gas in the first three minutes and you dead and you're dead. Oh, no. Whatcha are gonna do. Yeah. So you have to almost like have a controlled fury. Like imagine screaming at the top of your lungs, but not totally at the top of your lungs. Like Right. 87%. Like there's the magical line. Well, that's what fighting.


It's the same kind of thing. You don't go a hundred percent. And the zen of that. Yeah. Some of the best fighters, they'll, they'll punch like 50, 60% and that way they could put volume on You. So I can't imagine being in, in there and somebody's on the other side want to kill you and be able to be like, I'm gonna just gonna work my way through these. Well, you have to have serious experience to be able to manage the storm that way. Yeah. Did you ever have to take vocal lessons to learn how to not blow your throat out? I did. Yeah. I, I work with a lady, it's a funny story. I worked with a lady at one point. They hooked me up with somebody from the opera. Oh, perfect. And she, and she came to my, well, no, it's actually, she was great. But she came to my house and, and she said, oh, you sing totally wrong and, but here's how to sing.


Right. And you won't blow your voice out. And it was all about the right posture and all this stuff. And that first time I tried to do it at a concert with 4,000 kids going nuts. I tried to do what she taught me and it didn't work because I just, I, I was in the deep end of the pool and I, I ended up having to go back to all my old bad habits. So eventually I found a woman who was used to working with rock singers, and she explained to me a bunch of theories about, I think I, her memory, I think she said the human body has 11 folds of tissue in the throat. And if, and if rock singers don't warm up all that tissue, that's how they damage their singing. Oh. And she had, and she'd also worked with Steven Tyler, and she said, the thing about rock singers is you, you guys sing wrong because that's the way you wanna sound.


It's, It's part of your gimmick. You know? Right, Right, right. I'm sure Steven, Tyler and myself, we could sing like choir boys if we wanted to. Right. But that's not what attracts people to us. It's the razor's edge in the voice or something. So you have to learn how to warm up to sing like an idiot, basically. Oh. And that's the sound that people are attracted to with rock singers and even the gentleman you played before. I mean, he's totally abusing his voice that is not proper singing. Right, right, right, right, Right. And there's, there's, there's, there's physical techniques to create that sound. Mm. Like there's, there's Axel Rose, for example. Like, You know, he sings a a very particular way, the way he, he uses his throat in a particular way that makes it, you say that's the axle sound or whatever.


Right. It's not natural, but it's awesome when he does it, it's kind of the thing. Yeah. That has gotta be really hard to maintain. I saw them play in Athens, Greece, and they did a three hour show like two years ago. Yeah. At like, how old is he? 60? 60 something. I think Ax was about seven years older than me. So, yeah. 'cause I remember, remember Welcome to The Jungle was huge when I was in high school or just outta high school. Yeah. 89, 80, 88. 89. Was it? Okay. So I graduated 85, so it was like a couple years after high school. Welcome to the Jungle. I was like, oh my God. This song, like, I remember watching the, the music video. Remember when he had that teased up hair back then?


Yeah. The big hair He had the huge hair. That was the poison hair era. Yeah. Yeah. So singing like that is, is, is, is it's, it's, it's wrong. But that's what makes it Right. Right. But you can't say what's wrong or what's right. It's just like, what's sustainable? Trust me, no one can tell you. Right. You're surrounded by a lot of people with a lot of opinions. I, I was told that when I was very young, that voice you sing with will never sell records ever. And most people that don't like my music will often cite my voice as the reason they don't like my music. But that's the why that my voice is the reason that people who do like my music, like my music. Right. It's a weird, it's like a, like what do you do with that?


Well, You can't do it for other people. No, no. But I'm, I sing the way I sing and it's like, it's like, don't sing that way. Well, I don't, That's the whole idea of like, you can't do it for other people. You can't do it for them. You can't do it the way they want it to. No. There's gonna be people who like it the way you want. You like it. Yeah. You just have to find out what that thing is. And you have to fi like you have to what whatever your internal compass is that guides you towards this particular style, this particular way of expressing yourself. It has to be authentic. Well, singing against a wall of guitars Is, Is a particular skill set. It's like singing against three airline jets at the same time. Right, right, right. So you have to, we have Three, we have three guitars in our band playing at the same time.


Mm. So my voice has to cut like a razor through that. All of them. Yeah. Noise voices are, they're, some voices are so fucking compelling. Like, you listen to them. Like Amy Winehouse perfect example. You hear her sing once and you're just like, whoa. Like what? There's something about it. Okay. So back to my argument about the unconscious thing. Certain voices convey an unconscious information. Yeah. Tonally, it regi it registers in the public as a certain authority or wisdom or, or sorrow. Yeah. Like some basic, some voices just have so much sorrow in them. Yeah. Like for our generation, when Kurt would sing, and I saw Kurt many times live, it sounded like it was like the literal how of our generation, it had this great connectivity to what we were experiencing as latchkey kids.


Yes. You know? Yes. I don't wanna say tantrum ish, but it, it had a certain kind of Anger. Anger. But it was, it was the anger of disaffection. It wasn't the anger of, of a hardcore band, like, you know, screw capitalism. Right, Right, right. It felt It had a sorrow somehow in it. Yeah. Yeah. And authenticity. Like Kurt was the master of authenticity. Yeah. He was. That he changed, he killed hairbands. He did. He Really did. He really did. He killed Hairbands. He really did. I remember when I was a kid, nevermind, came out and I was with a couple of friends of mine, and this guy goes, have you seen this? And he shows me this fucking cassette with a baby on the cover.


I go, what is it? And he's like, this is Nirvana. Yeah. And he plays to me Nirvana for the first time over his house. I was like, holy shit. Like, this is crazy. Yeah. It was for, for our generation. It was the, it was the, the, the door getting kicked open. Yes. Everything after just got easier. But that's the thing, these unique artists that come along and transform the medium, you know, like I said, Lenny, Bruce Pryor, then Kinison, there's a few examples of that in music where someone comes along like Hendricks or Kurt or even Elvis, someone comes along and everybody's like, what the fuck is going on? The Beatles? Yeah. What is happening? Yeah. This is crazy. What, what strikes me? And this is a business point, but that's where All the money is.


And, and, and yet the music business is not to nurture those talents. In fact, the music business works against those talents. It's almost like they blow up their business model. So it becomes inconvenient. Well, what do you think the music business nurtures Control. They want control. They want, they, they want the, the, the biggest problem I've seen in the music business is they don't understand why musicians can't be as supple in, in the, in the business part of the equation. As, as a guy who makes cookies or something like, this is what it costs. Right. Here's your quality control. The public wants more chocolate chips. Can't you just put more chocolate chips in there? And that's, and and none of that is what attracts the public to, to great artists.


Right. It, it's, it's, it's, it's like completely counterintuitive. So they sit there and they, you just end up as a, as a name on a piece of paper or an inconvenient problem. I mean, I've, I've said this a few times publicly, but it bears repeating here, is I've been in meetings where they're complain. They're complaining to me about me. Like, how, so, like, what do they say that Basically the way the person that I am in the world is inconvenient to their business, the things I'm saying, the things I'm doing, the music I'm making is inconvenient to the business. And could I temper those things more in the direction that they want? Like what particularly were they talking about? It does Specifically it, you Name it. Like gimme one example.


It could be anything from, You know, you're too negative to, your songs are too weird to, your voice is too weird to, your guitars are too loud, Too. They just wanna sell more albums. Yes. So to them it's an intellectual thing. Oh wow. It'd be like, Joe. Yeah. If you could just make more jokes about the economy, you'd sell two stadiums, not just one. This is what happened with Dave Chappelle while he left the Chappelle Show. Same exact kind of thing. You know, a different version of it. Yeah. But Yeah, so it's this weird thing where you're sitting there and then you're like, And what I always try to tell them is, I didn't get here with that type of thinking.


And I do think, and I, and I don't wanna name names, but you can, I would say this to your great audience, you can pretty much tell who got to the dance on their own. And somewhere along the way, between the second and the fourth album decided that the compromise had a bigger yield. Oh. And off goes the organic switch, and on goes the, oh, you want me to be the next door neighbor? Right. Or, you know, Romantic movie ballads, Whatever. Yeah. Aaron Smith went through that for a while. But to their credit, and I didn't understand at the time, it was, it was a brilliant move because they'd gone about as far as they could go. And the one thing, and they're super influential and, and, and including an alternative music.


And it ended up being a really smart watershed moment for them to do what they did at the time they were doing SNL skits. You remember Adam Sandler used to come out and he would do the, he would do like, I think it was Adam Sandler, we could do like, like the seven Aerosmith ballads in a row. And it was like, I'm crying, I'm really crying. You know, they would just play and he'd just sing all those songs like Steven Tyler. But I, I think looking back, it was really smart what they did. Well Also, maybe they're allowed to do whatever they want to do. Like artists changed their whole thing. Like they went from makin to, you know, some of those ballads. I I, as far as I know, same band and, and your, you, your, her astute assistant over there.


We could probably check. But I think Aerosmith is the biggest selling American rock band of all time. Whoa. So if you're Aerosmith, did they make a wrong turn? I, my argument would be no, Because no, it's not a wrong turn. I mean, obviously you're allowed to change what you're interested in too. Yeah. You know, like there's a lot of bands that sort of reinvent themselves with almost every album. Like my friend Sturgill Simpson, he sort of reinvents themselves. Yeah. With every album, every album's different. Yeah. Like, he just gets bored with stuff. Aerosmith's the bestselling American hard rock band of all time, having sold more than 150 million records worldwide, including over 85 million records in the United States.


Whew. So yeah. That's Pretty Good. Yeah. So that's what I'm saying is only, only the bands can really know what, what the right direction to go in is. Because at some point, you know, what seems so obvious to the audience or some guy in an office isn't necessarily what drives the band forward. Well then there's weird cases like David Lee Roth leaves, van Halen, Sammy Hagar takes over and it becomes, they got bigger, bigger in a totally different way. But if you talk to the average Van Halen fan, they want to hear the David Lee Roth Van Halen. Well, especially if you grew up with that. The thing is, like what you started out with is always what you want to see. Right. But I'm saying there's no, there's no obvious argument of which, which, which is superior.


You know what I'm saying? There's No, there's no Superior one sell more records. One, one is sort of held more in people's hearts because of a particular generational thing, which would be our generation. But some people love the Sammy Hagar version better. You know, it's okay. You're allowed to, like Taylor Swift smell sells a lot of fucking tickets. Like it doesn't, if you're not into it, there's nothing, it doesn't mean it's wrong. I mean, everybody has a weird for the way they interface with the world. And some things get in there and really lock on you and like, wow, this is amazing. And you could take the same concert and another person that you like goes to it and they say, this sucks. And you're like, this is fucking amazing.


How can you say this sucks? Well, I think you're about to see that Nickelback and Creed are about to go on a huge run of business. Really? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Nickelback took a lot of shit. That's kinda my point is, is they've survived it. Yeah. And now here comes the, the, the, the inevitable moment of like, oh yeah, it was really good. And they wrote a lot Of great songs. They had some fucking great songs. Yeah. That rockstar song, that's a great song. Like I was, but it was one of those weird things where they had become like a punchline. And for whatever reason, everybody thought that it was okay to shit on Nickelback and comics would shit on 'em. And it was like a thing that people would mock the success of Nickelback. Meanwhile, they're selling out arenas every fucking night of the week.


So yeah, I think history has a way of sorting out the bodies, is the way I look at it. Yeah. That's kinda how I feel. I mean, this is selfish for me to say this, but this is kinda how I feel about my musical life. I think time will will tell my story much better than I did. You. Well, you seem at peace with that. I am. It doesn't seem Bother you at All. I made my peace with it. I mean, it bothered me when it bothered me because it felt unfair, or Yeah. It felt like I was being sort of made to pay for the sins of the people who are no longer here. 'cause in, in particularly in Gen X, we've had so many great talents die. Oh, so you felt like you weren't getting the credit you deserved 'cause you survived. There was part of that.


That's the, let's call it the, the simpler version. The more com complicated version is, is, is generations move with a collective energy. And by the mid two thousands, the, the collective energy of Generation X had mostly dissipated in, in the musical thing. There were bands out playing, but a lot of the elite singers had died. So it's hard to sort of stand and carry a flag for something that people feel very sentimental about if there isn't an army around you carrying the same flag. So you start to, you people start to put on you that like a set of cultural and generational expectations that you don't want, you become, you become the emblem of like, the living version of what doesn't work.


But the other guys or girls aren't there to, to grow with you and achieve, You know, receive the same discernment or criticism. Oh wow. Like one time a guy tried to go me into an argument of comparing myself to one of the top people in, of musical people in my generation, I don't wanna say who, but you'll understand the flow on this. So, and they, and, and they, and they said, can you compare, you know, who do you think is better? So it was like a real cheese setup. And I said, I said, well, I think they were more talented. And they, but I said, I, I feel I'm in the conversation. And they said, why are you in the conversation? I said, because I'm alive.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm here. Well, it's also like you can't deny that Smashing Pumpkins didn't have some fucking bangers. Like anybody who denies that. Well, Joe, that's a, that's a whole other episode because the band is probably one of the most misunderstood. I mean, they're probably one, we're probably one of the most misunderstood bands in the history of rock and roll. I mean, that's sounds like a rusting statement, but it's, it's fairly accurate. What do you think that's from I think it has a lot to do with the issues of Gen X. And it has a lot to do with a relationship that I set into motion with the media when I was a very young person playing kind of a funny game. Like doing my own, my own version of Andy Kaufman or Bob sda.


You understand? Because I thought it was all shitty. So I was just like, I'm just gonna play with this like a toy because I think it's kind of funny. I didn't realize that the coming culture was going to kind of almost be attracted to people who are willing to emulate themselves on the public stage. Oh. Does that make sense? Yeah. Most people who are attracted to fame, they wanna run towards the, the shiny part of it. Right. I was attracted to the nons shiny part, which is, okay, I'll light myself on fire. Let's see what happens. Or I'll light you on fire and let's see what happens. So it kind of worked in the nineties when everybody was rolling and moving along. Well, here comes Napster, the music business, cra then a bunch of people die.


And there you are standing, you know, now at 40 years old, you're supposed to carry some flag for a generation that doesn't even know who it is anymore. How do you navigate that? Like, did, does that, did that trouble you at the time? Was it difficult to it very difficult work as an artist? Yeah, it's very difficult. The simple version is, and, and I had some of the top, top people in the music business sit me down one-on-one in a room and say, just give 'em what they want. Jesus. Your life will be a lot better. You'll make a lot more money and you can put your head on, on your pillow at night and not have to think about all these things. And my response every time I said, I don't give a fuck. And I used to quote Popeye, I am what I am.


I'm here. I'm here because I'm a freak. Okay. And I ain't changing for anything Good for You. And part of that goes back to my daddy. Okay. I watched a man literally broken by the business. So I'm the last person that's gonna fucking bow down for that shit. Fuck off. Well, the beautiful thing is too, you always had an audience, so you didn't have to Well, there is that, but but, but at the end of the day, how can I explain it? Everybody in the music business will tell you your value is, is, is exponentially related to your success. So your your biggest song is here and your next biggest song is here. And there's like a pyramid. And as you go down, you, you lose value.


Your aging becomes part of that loss of value. How do you maintain value relevancy? You no longer have the record business that used to exist. You no longer have the structure. I mean, the music business is basically a touring business first now. Right. And everything else is in support of the touring business. We're lucky in that we continue to be a very large touring band. So you're told over and over again, almost in a, in a, in a propagandistic way that your value is related to what's on a piece of paper. And then somehow I woke up in the middle of it and I thought, no, no, that's, that's actually not my value. And so the minute I started saying, no, I know what my real value is, it's that I'm an independent artist who like a voice in the wilderness represents something. And I know it's not for everybody. Trust me, I've got been getting that message since I was a little kid, including from my own family.


But I know what I represent, represent something that's valuable. I can't quite put my finger on it, but I see the consistency of the kind of, let's call it the communication between myself and, and somebody who's interest in what I do. And once I started doubling and tripling down to the value, my business started going back up. Wow. The way I would say it in a crass way is I reasserted my brand, not the brand I was being handed in, in 40 plus brand. You know, you're an oldies band, you're an oldies artist, you play these songs. Well, you just kept and reinforced your true voice. Hmm. Yeah. But I, I had to live it. Which, but I had, which, what brought you to the dance in the first place? It seems silly, but that's what I had to figure out.


I had to figure that out on my own. 'cause there was nobody telling me that. I mean, you gotta understand, and, and, and, And you know, you're a man of the world. So, you know what I'm saying? When you're in a room with somebody who runs the fucking world, in my case runs the music business. Yeah. The guy who can get shit done, the guy who can get you canceled, the guy who can fucking make stuff happen. Yeah. And that guy tells you, here's your value. It's awfully hard to go back to Chicago, Illinois and convince yourself that he's wrong. Right. Right. There's nobody And, and who do you talk to about it? Especially if fame is fleeting, it comes and goes, album sales come and go and there's a new big thing right now. There's the new thing. Oh yeah. And you're not the new thing anymore.


There's always Yeah. And then someone's coming along. Listen, you've gotta listen to us. We know how you can be back on top. I don't read Comments, but I have a social media person who occasionally relays what she sees. Oh boy. Well, we kind of keep it on the positive, but my favorite comment of the last few years was she started poking around with young fans, 16, 18 year olds who were suddenly seeming to come out of the woodwork and liking the band and me almost like a cuddly bear or something. They suddenly were attracted to me in a way that the 16 and 18 year olds of the pre previous generation weren't. So I asked her, I said, why don't you poke around with these people and ask 'em what's interesting? And my favorite comment, and it, it became kind of common amongst the feedback that she got was I like him because, because other people told me not to like him.


But what, but what that says to me, anybody can interpret the way they want. But what it said to me is we need people in, in the zeitgeist of the culture who don't represent the collective. Yes. There's always room for somebody on the corner saying no. Right. And that goes back to Lenny Bruce, as crazy as all that was, you still need that guy going, no, no, no, no, no. You know what I'm saying? Right. And you can call him whatever, disruptors or whatever. I mean, Well, authentic voices, I, that sounds nicer than disruptor. I like disruptor because that's, that's what I do. Well it it does disrupt, but it disrupt because it's an authentic voice and 'cause it bucks the idea of creating some manufactured thing for the market.


I've told many people in the music business, I know that you don't want me in this business, but I'm here and I've made a lot of money and I've made a lot of people a lot of money. Like what's the problem? Also, You made great songs like the Idea that, but but, but most people are in the business for the music. But the idea that somebody wouldn't want you in the business when you've been very successful in the business is just insane. It doesn't even make any sense. It doesn't make sense to me. Well, that's the weird thing that you guys have to deal with. You deal with like this whole layer of non-artistic people that have influence over art, Having heard you many times do commentary for UFC.


What I love about you as a commentator is you take me into the, into the, the passion of the moment, the, the feeling of like, two warriors are gonna enter this thing and only one can emerge. There's a feeling there that's like, and I've been to some of the events. It's like, it has that, like, it's a, it's sort of a life affirming, like here we are, you know, and you, you know, because you're behind the scenes, the training that went in, the injuries the guy had to overcome or the girl or whatever, or the crazy girlfriend. And they got, you know, the training camp and all of it. And there it is, the clash. It's, it's no different for the musician. It's like, you know, I sit in a room for a year and make songs with only three, four people hearing them. Right. And I have to believe that I'm gonna be, walk into that, my version of that octagon And what I'm gonna offer is not gonna get me killed.


What is it like when you release an album? What is that feeling like? I just, I just, I don't wanna curl up in a ball and just die because here it comes. Here it comes. And sometimes I'm pleasantly surprised, but I've had more negative experiences than positive ones. But positive from the fans, is it non-fans that are the problem? It's like the people, nobody's the problem on the outside peering in 20 Years ago, I would've given you different answer. Now it's nobody's the problem. I it, it's ultimately the game is you versus yourself. Mm. I dunno if there's any commonality in the fighting world, but or the comedic world. Yes. It's you versus yourself. Yeah. It's not the audience's fault. Right. It's not the guy at the radio station or the girl at the, at the, at the arena.


It's, it's not nothing to do with them. Because the one thing you do know is if you find that value that that makes a wheel turn, that prints cash, they don't care who you are, they'll push you right back under the spotlight. So once you configure that game out, that's the game. The game is you versus you. It's not you versus them. In fact, that's the, that's the suckers game. So it's you just trying to create the best version of what you have inside your head. Let's do a simple math and anybody wants to take a, have a problem with it. I don't care. Okay. My band and, and, and, and over, over 30 years has been in the top 0.1 percentile of touring artists in the world, period.


You would think that if you were in that business and you were at that, that elite level, you would think the whole business would rally around you and try to get you to do more and make more. Not even close to that. There is no system by which you get that kind of support. You are completely on your own. But is that universal with successful artists? I think so. I think I, I, I hear different stories about the top pop artists, but I think that's because they're making so much money. It's like they're, they're like a multinational corporation. Most bands are, their experiences are similar to ours. You're kind of on your own. You have your team of people and then you walk into the arena with what you got or what you think is gonna work.


But I hear about the modern pop stars. I mean, I hear stuff that sounds, it sounds like they're running a Fortune 500 company because they're, they're, they are literally printing cash Also. The percentage that the actual artists get versus what they should be getting. It hurts. It's crazy. It hurts. It's crazy because they do everything. They create the music. They perform the music, and yet they're not making the money. People are coming to see them perform the music, yet they're not making the money. There's some bizarre vampires that have attached themselves to the veins. It's changing. I think in the next 20 years you're gonna see a, a very music, a very different music business.


In What way? Peer-to-peer ability to create commerce. Right. And then also the fact that you could release things. So like Oliver Anthony, he put out that rich men north of Richmond and then it's fucking gigantic. A hundred million views on YouTube. It's like, it's crazy. But like 20 years ago, your success and who you work with would've been unthinkable. Right, right, right. And you're an independent voice. You've built it. I mean, it's your Right. So that's what I'm saying, that's coming from music. Mm. This Is coming from music. Right. Well that's good. Yes. I think ultimately we'll benefit the fans of the artists and they'll get more of what they want and less of what they don't want.


Here. Here. All right. Cool. Let's wrap it up. Thank you sir. Appreciate, Thank you very much. God bless everyone. Always fun to talk to you. Thank you too.


Tell everybody what your podcast called, where they can get it. The Magnificent Others. You can get it on YouTube or Thank You.