
Joe Rogan podcast. Check Out The Joe Rogan Experience Train by Day Joe Rogan podcast by night, all day Oprah's doing an episode on psycho dogs. God bless. How about that? God bless. That means she's definitely done it. Yeah. You don't deal a fucking, are we rolling yet? Are we rolling? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. You don't do an episode on psychedelics unless you fucking visited the Maya. You Must have Dabbled unless you got in there. You think it's ayahuasca or mushrooms? Most of those fancy people like to do the ayahuasca. Yeah. You know, because then you, you can claim spirituality above all other people. I've done Oh, you, you think there's like a pretentiousness?


Oh, a hundred percent. There's a I've done it. I've done it. I, I've experienced the mother God. Yeah. The God, yeah. I've experienced Gaia. Yeah. Yeah. It's Like, I think, I think people do really do experience that. But also there's a certain type of personality that wants to let you know that they've experienced. That they're enlightened. Yeah. They're, they're further down the road than you, Andrew. Yeah. Yeah. And they like, one way to get like instant street cred in the psychedelics world is say you do ayahuasca. Yeah. You know, if you do mushrooms, you might just be some asshole at a party. Yeah. You know, you and your friends are just fucking giggling nonstop on the couch. It could be that.


Yeah. There's no points in mushrooms. Right. You don't get points for that. Yeah. You can say, if you say you took a heroic dose, you'll get points amongst the learned. Yeah. Like, oh yeah. But the casuals don't give a fuck. The Casuals don't get what You do Ayahuasca. We're gonna pay attention a little bit. Yeah. The casuals are gonna go, why'd You eat eight grams? Yeah. That seems crazy. But the other people are gonna go, whoa. What was that like? Yeah. Oprah's out here. Oprah's out here pushing it. I wonder if it's like, yeah. I mean, This is on my friend Mark Bell's page, mark smelly bell. And he, he said, what fucking year are we living in? Like, what is happening here? Yeah. What's going on? Yeah. I wonder if the ayahuasca thing is for some like a, a quick fix.


You know, they're looking for like a immediate life change. Oh yeah. For sure. And also, sometimes your life has been such a colossal series of failures that you want, like some symbolic reset. Yeah. And probably there's a lot of value in like a real, like a like set and setting like a ritual. Yeah. Like I'm, me, I'm a new person. Yeah. At least maybe that bullshit will give you some momentum for real to kind of get on the right track. I was talking to Neil about this. Neil Brennan, you know, he, he, he did it. He's done a lot of this stuff. He's, yeah. 'cause he is trying. Yeah. You know, he was really battling this stuff's been Off that vegan diet. Yeah. Maybe that's it.


What if it's just chicken is all he needs? Like what if It's a ribeye? He's down In Costa Rica licking totes and he really, for real, have a hang steak. Dude, I, if I had that dude over my house and cooked him some elk steak, I'll change his fucking life. If just you make an agreement, just eat this with me. He takes one bite and he is like, I am worthy. Yeah. But I think he was talking about it and then like, and he was, you know, you know, one of his like superpowers is his like cynicism. Right. And it's really debilitating. And I tell him to this All the time, but like, it's also amazing 'cause he's like hyper aware of what the most negative thing could be. Right. So for joke writing, it's amazing. It's, It's like he's constantly one of like, what would his biggest hater think?


I actually think it was, it was one of the reasons why Chappelle's show was so successful because it's like, to create things you need to be super confident. You need to not worry about who's gonna criticize you. Yeah. So If you can outsource your criticism, so if Dave can like, think about these things and be like, okay, this is awesome. And then Neil can be like, yeah, yeah. But this would be said if we do this. And then together you have this like, perfect combination of like uber confidence and then this insecurity. And then you make these things that are just masterpieces And hyper analytical insecurity. Yes. You know, like intelligent Analytic. When you're smart and insecure, it's even worse. Dumb and insecure You can manage. But then he said he did the ayahuasca and he was like, it gave me this like, I dunno, feeling of connectedness or whatever people experienced through it.


And he's like, it was really liberating. I think I did my best work afterwards 'cause I wasn't constantly beating myself up like I was able to create. So I think there is value in it, but I do think sometimes people are looking for like the, the quick, okay, my life has changed now, and now I, I connect with the world and I'm, we're perfect. You can always tell the guys who beat themselves up because they beat other people up too. What is it? I hurt people. Hurt people. Yeah. The guys, the guys who beat themselves up, they're always like super critical of other, but look at him. Look at fucking bullshit. Did You ever go through a stage like that? Not really. Never. No. No. I, I figured out when I was 21. Real lucky. I talked about this the other day. There was one time, it was an open mic night and the guy went on after me.


I was hoping that he would bomb. And I remember thinking that like, what a bitch ass way to think that is. Yeah. Ugh. Yeah. But there's such a bitch ass way to think. And then I completely shifted my perspective. 'cause like, you don't think like that with martial arts. Like, you can't think like that. You know, you can't think like that. Yeah. You can't think like that ever. That's like a weak ass thought. Yes. And then I realized like, oh, this is like your brain trying to occupy itself with, you know, this time that's gonna be between you and your goal of doing something in comedy. And it's so far away. You suck. You're 21 years old and you suck. So Everybody else gotta Suck. So you want people to fail and you want to do better.


Yeah. And it's like, it's just a total scrambly. I don't know what I'm doing with my life thought. Yeah. And I realized, I was like, oh, that's a bitch ass thought. But that is very normal for human beings. Oh yeah. I I feel like it's, there are a lot of bitches out there. Yeah. Like, we're kind of bitch made in general. Like it takes more effort to not be a bitch actually. Especially If you have a job. So if you have a regular job, job like an office job Yeah. You will pretend to be a whole different person for eight hours a fucking day every day of your life that you're there. Yeah. That is a lot of time bullshitting. Yeah. And when you get outta all that bullshitting, there's not much you left. Whatever could have been, you never grew because whatever could have been you was stifled by fluorescent lights in a fucking monitor.


You're watching severance. Right? Oh yeah. There. I mean, clearly it's a metaphor for, I there's a lot of things that go on too. There's a lot Going on With that. And also Shadow Ben Stiller. I didn't even know Ben had this like, level to him. Right. I've always respected Ben. I thought he was hilarious, making great comedy movies. But I didn't know he was like an avant garde storyteller. Like, Right. Right. I mean, this Is, it's also the Way it's shot is brilliant. The first episode every shot. I don't know who the DP is. Like we should find out who that guy is. But every shot has like, perfect symmetry. Did you notice That? I didn't notice it, but I just, You can cut the screen in a half every single shot. Really? It is, it is Masterpiece. And, but I, I think about that, like this idea of like severing yourself.


A lot of people are doing that at work anyway. A hundred percent. And this is what you were describing. They're this other person at work for eight hours a day. Yeah. They aren't their self. There's a different identity. They make up these little terms. Like, oh, this is my work wife. It's like, yes. Well That's why it's so easy to push like crazy woke nonsense into an office space. 'cause people are already bullshitting. Oh. So for already pretending here. Yeah. What else are we gonna pretend about? What do I, what else do I have to do to keep this job? Yeah. What do I have to do to get a promotion? What do I have to do? Do I have to pretend that trans kids, what is it? Drag queen shows. Okay. I'm in, I'm in Healthcare. Yeah. Not my dick. Whatever you want call it. And it's gender Affirming. Is that what we're calling it? Okay. Yeah. And it's interesting, like to see how little pushback there, there is about like from the workers now that all these like programs are being wiped away.


Like, Well the people that are losing their job are complaining hard. Well, no. And then the senators are complaining hard. Yeah. But everybody else is happy. Yeah. The people who've been faking it at work, that are still working there are not like, damn it. You know what I mean? They, they're just going, all right, good. I get to be like a little closer version to myself. Well, they're probably gonna get fired At Disney. You're saying at Disney, I Think. What do you mean? I'm saying all these programs like have come out, maybe not Disney, but it was like Zuckerberg comes out and goes, yeah, meta. We're not gonna do the DEI shit. Oh, I think Amazon even came out and said, I thought You meaning government jobs are cut by usaid. What you talking about? No, I'm talking about corporate jobs. People who have the corporate Jobs.


This episode is brought to you by ZipRecruiter. My team deserves a lot of credit. They help make this show what it is and keep things running smoothly. I don't know if it would be half as good without them, but you know, who deserves even more credit? All the people whose job it is to hire, they're the real heroes. You and I wouldn't have the amazing teams we do without them. And as a reward, I wanna let you guys in on a little secret that make your job a whole lot easier. Use ZipRecruiter. You can even try it for free right now at ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. There's a reason ZipRecruiter is so popular among employers, and that's because of how fast it's smart matching technology works. Immediately after you post your job, ZipRecruiter will start sending you qualified candidates and to really speed up the process, they have an invite to apply feature that lets you personally reach out to your favorites hiring heroes. Let ZipRecruiter make your job easier. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash rogan. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash R-O-G-A-N. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.


Oh, you mean corporate DEI jobs? It could be DEI. It could just be anybody working there in general. But there's like, there's a bunch of people that got jobs and their whole job was to make sure that the company was diverse. Right. And it's like, do you remember the Rainbow Coalition? You remember Jesse Jackson back in the day? Jesse Jackson? No. Used to he. No. And I know Jesse, but I would not Know. He had this thing where he would go to businesses, like if they had some sort of a dispute. Yeah. Like say if there's some sort of an issue, like maybe some black executive got fired. Yeah. And maybe shouldn't have. Or someone put something on the wall in the bathroom. Yeah. Something Jesse Jackson will come in and For a nominal fee. For a nominal fee.


Yeah. Yeah. He will come in and straighten your business out. And so what does Straighten your business out mean? Well make sure that you guys are on the right track. Give a little speech, collect a little check, and then what would Happen? So to basically say you're not racist. Absolutely. You're a ra. You can't be racist. You're hiring Jesse Jackson and we're on the right track. So he comes along, gives you the rubber stamp, legend, And what a legend. And he's like bawling. Yeah. Like bawling outta control. Just giving the rubber stamps to these companies. And then on top of that, what they do is then they would have jobs for people to oversee this activity in a large corporation. So it's basically like Nohow jobs the mob used to give out at the Javit Center. Right? Yeah. I had a buddy of mine who had one of those, Do people know what the Javit Center is here?


It's, It's a big convention center in New York City. And New York is where like Comic-Con would be and all these different things. Big stuff. And it was mobbed up. Right? Mobbed up. So They would have all these fake jobs that you could give to the guys on the block. Yeah. Everybody's getting paid and is probably supported by the city in some way, Right? Yeah. I don't wanna say his name because he's still around. Okay. But he, he was an actor and I was working with him and he was explaining he's got a no-show job. He, I knew he was, do I Know who you're talking about? Probably not, but I'll tell you afterwards. Okay. Fucking great guy. Okay. But afterwards, everybody was like, that guy's like so mobbed up. He Got a fucking no-show job. You know what's funny about these? Do you get Like 200 grand a year?


You don't even have to work. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean there's a lot of like con construction jobs and stuff like this is, Well this is what work is finding. Yeah. USAID found this place in San Antonio that they, You thought it was only Ukraine money for Nothing billions of dollars on. And it's fucking, no one was there completely empty To me. This is not like shocking, but that there was, bro, it's, The numbers are Shocking. No, the numbers can get shocking. But it's funny, the Jesse Jackson thing is an actual job because I remember, like, I had a joke that it could never work out. But the idea was, was based on, it was, it was Black Lives Matter when, when Ukraine started popping. Right? So everybody had the Black Lives Matter posters in their windows in New York.


And when Black Lives Matter kind of came down, Well it's once those ladies got caught buying houses, Of course, Of course. That did that put a dent In it. It wasn't great. So, so now there's all these white people in New York that have Black Lives Matter in their window, but they're like, I gotta get this outta my window. So I had this idea for a joke where it's like, if I was a black dude, I would set up a business where we will take down your Black Lives Matter poster for you and then replace with like a, a Ukraine flag. You know what I mean? So like, you're still a good person. Jesse was doing it and the fucking seven, I had no clue The Rainbow Coalition already worked. Oh, is that That is what it's called, right? Was, yeah, it was the Rainbow Coalition. But he had a bunch of other things he would call it under. But the whole idea was I just to make sure that people weren't doing the wrong thing.


Yeah. Do the right thing. Yeah. You gotta do the right thing. You gotta do the right thing. You always gotta do the right thing. Yeah. But the problem with that is it gets hijacked. Obviously there should be no racism. There should be zero racism. Yes. There should be zero discrimination. Yes. Everything should be merit based. Yeah. But the problem with that is, and this is a real problem, the country's not merit based in terms of like where you're born. Like you didn't earn your birth spot. Yeah. You didn't, you didn't earn your family. Yeah. It's a roll the dice. Yeah. And you get real lucky or really fucking unlucky. Yeah. And as a community, as a country, we pay zero attention to the completely downtrodden. I think this is the, the biggest mistake that the Democrat party has made is not making it a class issue.


Like the most successful people in the party, like Bernie and you like her politics or not, but like a OC, they make it a class issue every single time. I think, I think a OC pulled the same as Trump in her district. Why is that? Because people think that she wants to help. And Bernie has just been taking shots the entire time. He's like, look at all these billionaires. They got a lot of money. You don't have enough money. Campaign finance is fucked up. We need to stop that. There's too much influence with people with money and it resonates with people. Oh yeah man, we feel like you wanna help. I mean, you were, I feel like you were like a big Bernie dude. Dude, That was the first time I really got canceled was over Bernie, because they didn't want Bernie to win. And so they started calling me racist and homophobic. And I was like, where is this coming from?


When, when Bernie started popping, what did they say? Right? They had to, I don't know who they is. You could call whoever the fuck they want. But like there was this idea that they had to like thwart his success and these articles started coming out where it was like the Bernie Bros. Yeah. Bernie's got a problem. His, his, his fans are supporters are sexist, they're racist, and they're these bros that are, that are fucked up and they're radioactive and they're bad people and he's got a real problem. So they're trying to make him radioactive. And I remember seeing the reaction to Trump coming on the pods And it was the exact same playbook. It was like, the man is fear pods. Yeah. They're sexist, they're racist. Look how fucked it was. Like you're doing the same thing. Yeah. You're making it about identity politics.


I think Americans are kind of simple in that. Like we want abundance, but we want access. So if eggs are expensive, I can't care about your bathrooms. Right. Like, and you need to tap into that feeling right there. So if I'm the Democrats, I'm just, this is a class issue, but I feel unfortunately a lot of them are in the pockets of these wealthy people. Yeah. It's, this Is, it is all's all, it's all a hustle. If we had the entire time, if we had brilliant people working for the betterment of the United States, it'd be a far better place to live it. We've had a bunch of people that are capitalizing off of the fact they get in this position of extreme influence and wealth. Yeah. And they make insane amounts of money for people with $170,000 a year salary.


Yeah. And they keep it rolling. So how do you, how do you do that? Like how do you find, okay, how do you, how do you find someone who wants power but is also benevolent? Because like, So you gotta get rare human Beings. That's the thing. Most people who want power don't exactly want to give back. Yeah. It's a bottomless pit bro. Have You ever seen people get like a little bit of power and lose their fucking marbles? Like who? Well, I can't say I can't tell a story because it'd be like real obvious who I'm talking about, but it's not one of our friends. Got it. I just don't wanna say it publicly. It's not, you don't even know 'em. Okay. But I've seen people with, just like, you get a job where you, you're the boss now and you just become a cunt and a half. Like what happened? Do You think it, it exposes who they always were?


Or do you think it actually changes their, their character? It's probably both. It's probably both. They probably had weak character to begin with. Mm. But they could get away with it if they were not in situations that, you know, caused a lot of anxiety or stress. But then as soon as they do get in a situation like causing, like if you're the boss of some workplace somewhere. Yeah. I've just seen people just completely lose their shit. When people rely on them and depend on them, they just become tyrants. Do you think that they resent the dependence? I don't know what it is, man. I don't know what it's, you Have a lot of people that depend is Yeah.


I would say depend is tricky because they have the autonomy to not do that. Yeah. But there are a lot of people that definitely rely on you and Yeah. Do you feel pressure from that? Me? Yeah. No, Really? No. I feel like you took care, like before you opened the, the, the comedy club, you were taking care of these people that you asked to come out here and work for you. So you must've felt this concern for them. Yeah. But that, like, didn't you hire them and weren't you paying them even before the club Was open? Yeah. Well they were all unemployed outta la So I said, listen, we're gonna open up a club, we're gonna find a spot, but I'll, you can start immediately. So like, you just get paid. Yeah. Enjoy Austin, kick back, relax.


We'll call you in about a year and a half. But you felt probably around, it was around two years. But you felt a responsibility. Yes. But it didn't burden me. Got it. It wasn't like, oh, this is a heavy responsibility. It was like, this is smart, we could do this. This is the right thing to do. This way we already have the best people that, You know, got fired from the comedy store. 'cause Comedy store couldn't open. Yeah. 'cause LA's retarded. Yeah. And so we got 'em all to come out here And it was like, look, the right thing to do is to like pay him now. Yeah. And we'll figure that out. We just had to figure out where the spot was. And then obviously once we got the spots, like, this is gonna be a long, we're gonna have to put some construction on this bitch and do a lot of shit and it's gonna take some months. So, so You you knew it was gonna take time.


You're like, okay, I'm gonna take care of them in the interim. But again, it's so you're not burdened by people feeling like they rely on you or anything like that? No, it doesn't bother me. No. If it burdened me, like, if it was something where I was worried I was gonna run outta money, like if I was like stretched real thin. Yeah. I'd Be like, fuck, there's so many people working for me, this is a problem. Like, I gotta, I gotta like figure something out. But I'm not so It's okay. It's just, it's like de decide what you think about in this life. You know? What do you mean by that? Decide what you think about in this life. If you, are you gonna do something that's going to change the way you feel about having a bunch of employees or having people? Or are you not, or are you just gonna freak out about it? Like decide what you think about things?


What, What are those two philosophies? Like a determinism and free will. Yes. Are you a huge free will guy? Do you believe in determinism at all? Will is Real. Okay. I know it's real. 'cause it exists in me. Yeah. The idea though is that it's fleeting and it's dependent upon a multitude of factors. Your will is really dependent upon your hormone levels, your genetics, how much sleep you've had, what, what positive or negative experiences have shaped you in your life. There's a lot going on. Yeah. That, that like forces you into this position where you have to decide whether or not will is real. Yeah. But Will's real. I believe it's real.


It's a hundred percent real. Yeah. Like I know I, it's not determinism that makes David Goggins run harder than anybody else. Yeah. Yeah. It's will. Yeah. It's a hundred percent will. His knees are destroyed. Yeah. It's only will. Yeah. That just gets you up off the couch. Yeah. If your knees are destroyed and you run a tidy 30 miles that day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's not, that's not determinism. Yeah. That's bullshit. Yeah. It was determinism. There'd be tons of those guys out there. Yeah. There's only a, a small Cameron Haynes, small little fucking handful. Yeah. Of these like psychotic people who have incredible will world champion fighters.


You know, Gordon Ryan and Jiujitsu. Like there's a, there's like Gordon Ryan works out every fucking day of the week. Yeah. Yeah. 365 days a year. It's A huge sacrifice. If You wanna be really great at something Yeah. You kind of have to be outta your fucking mind, but you also have to have an iron will. Yeah. You don't wanna work out every day. Yeah. Yeah. There's gonna be days you just want to eat cake and sleep. Yeah. But if you wanna get past the guy who eats cake and sleeps Yeah. You don't eat cake and you don't sleep. Yeah. That's Will dude. That's will. There's a, I don't your determinism can suck my dick. Yeah. Because it's never, there's no just like accidental amazing people.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's like, You know, it's like a lot of similar stories. You know, a single mom, You know, started doing this and started doing, invented something when he is 18. Do They all come from trauma, you think? I think a lot of people that are hyper ambitious come from a shitty environment. And what is that connection? I think it's probably wanting something better than you're experiencing and knowing that it's possible that it's out there. Yeah. And knowing the pain of living in the ghetto or the pain of being on food stamps. Yeah. The pain of poverty and the fact that like when you're poor and you're young, you wonder whether or not you're going to have food. You know? That's a scary thought for a child. Yeah. That's motivating. Yeah. It it is. Motivating puts a kind of fire in you.


Like you don't get a Mike Tyson if he grows up in Brentwood. Yeah. You know, you get him when they grow up in Bedford Stuyvesant. Yeah. You know, you don't get 'em when they have an awesome dad. An awesome mom who's there for their baseball games, tells 'em what a great job they did and consoles them when they get hurt and like, no, no, no. You have like a life of pain and then you got some pain to dish out after that. I Also, but I feel like it's not completely dependent on that. You know, like, I wouldn't say that I had this like life of pain. Like I've, You know, dealt with my shit, You know? But I feel incredibly competitive and ambitious, you Know? Well, you're an artist. It's a different thing. Right? Yeah. The reason why it's a different thing is you're an artist in a very specific genre, which is talking shit.


You're a shit talking artist. Right. Like shit talking, I'll distill it to that shit. It is what it is. It is what It is. It's beautiful. It's professional Shit. Talkers. It's my favorite art form. Yeah. And shit, talking artists, they want to be around a bunch of people and have a good time. Yeah. Right. So you don't need need to come from trauma to be ambitious and be a a a shit talking artist. Yeah. All you have to do is like, be someone who admires success and who wants to progress. Yeah. And keep getting better at this thing that they love that has given them so much. Yeah. But you also, you also have to sacrifice and you have to commit to things. Right. You know, I do feel like it takes, like, I, I mean I didn't, I mean in the beginning, like, I don't think I celebrated a birthday for like a decade.


Like, I don't think I ever considered like taking a vacation or anything. Like, I was just so hungry to get after it, to get good, to be like undeniable. That was like this goal. I was like, how can I be undeni? I would see these guys go up like fucking Greer Barnes or Mike DeStefano and I would just be like, they're just undeniable and yeah. Like, I don't know. I just, I didn't even fucking drink I think for like a decade. I was like, I gotta get better at this. I gotta just kind of work. And maybe that comes from like watching my parents work hard or something. I'm sure that helps. Yeah. Yeah. They were really hard workers. Yeah. And that's like the expectation of work Is to also, you have a lot of gratitude and I think if you have gratitude, you realize how fortunate you are to have the ability to work hard.


Yeah. Because that's a real thing. Oh dude. Especially working hard at something that you're actually successful at. Yeah. Like once you're actually successful, keep that foot on the gas motherfucker. No, it Is. Keep that foot on the gas. Let's go. Yeah. That, that's like the balance. Like you just put something out. So I imagine you took a little time off afterwards. Yeah, I did. I got like 25 minutes right Now. Okay, so you're building back. Yeah. And like I, I find in order for the next thing I do to be different, I have to take time away. 'cause I have to like reflect on the changes in my life. And if I keep going, like earlier in my career, I would just go, go, go, go. And I found I was writing different versions of the same jokes.


Right. Like they were different jokes, but it was same topic, same kind of reaction. And I think it was, I just wasn't, you're Trying to fill time. I Was, I'm on the road. I'm like, I gotta go back to Albany next year. You gotta Do another hour. I'm making 1500 a weekend, I gotta go. And then you get connected to that material because you've been doing it for a while. Yeah. And then it doesn't really resonate with you. Yeah. And then, yeah. So it's like, I think Louis Took a whole year off. I think I, I really, I really respect that. Yeah. I think, I think it's wise. Yeah. I think taking time and thinking about it is really wise and thinking about like, what are the things that are, that are on your mind. Yeah. Like what is, what is, how do you really feel about this world that we're living in this, this world that seems more and more like it's not real.


More and more like it's a fucking simulation. Yeah. I'm, I'm kind of convinced now What it is. A simulation. Yeah. Something going on. There's something more to reality than what meets the eye. There's more to it than what you could put on a scale or what you could put a rule or two. There's more to this thing, this thing's made out of like some very bizarre energy that's attached to consciousness. That's what I think. What do you mean by this? I think that like, I think it's really possible. First of all, it's inevitable that one day they will achieve a simulation that is indiscernible from reality.


Okay. And, and no doubt about it. They've gotten real close, you know, where you could put on haptic feedback suits. Yeah. And you can see things and you feel like you're in a room. They're, You know, it's crude, but it's like, You know, Nintendo from 20 years ago versus, you know, some modern warfare game now. Right. They're going to get to a point where it's indiscernible. Yeah. So if it's, if it does happen, how do You know? How do you know when that takes place? Now here's the question is that the ultimate progression of technology is the ultimate progression of technology transcending physical reality and becoming completely digital life.


So if that is possible, how do we know what's real if it hasn't already happened? Yeah. How can we know if it hasn't already happened? Yeah. Well, one thing I would say that if this world was scripted, it would be filled with a lot of shit. That's exactly like what happened. Trump would get shot in the ear and say Fight, fight, fight. Yeah. You would have Elon Musk at the inauguration looking like he's on another planet Now. Now Joe, I just wanna make the point here. You're making the argument for determinism. No, I'm not. I'm making saying, I'm making the argument that there's a conscious interface. Yeah. There's consciousness and it's interfacing with something that's not entirely real. Yeah.


And that is the life that we're living in. Yeah. And we think it's way realer than it actually is. Yeah. So it's somebody in control of it, or they're allowing us to have some semblance of control. I feel like it might be controlled by the actual things that are inside of it. So I think our destiny is truly in our hands. I really believe That. I like that. And if that is the case, how is that not real? Well it is real. Yeah. In a sense. But I think that the, the actual way that things happen and work is dependent entirely on the level of consciousness that people have that are experiencing it. It sounds like very hippy dippy and wooey.


And it all comes, it comes from a lot of different things. But one of it comes from Tom Campbell who, who wrote this like very fucking bizarre book that I've listened to an audiobook twice now. Okay. Where he's talking about essentially what we think of as reality is just a simulation. Okay. The whole entire thing is our consciousness interpreting everything as we experience it throughout the day. But when we are not here Yeah. That is not the same thing. What do you mean when we're not here, when we die? You're saying like, when we are not, if you are not on Mars. Yeah. Is Mars real or is Mars something that we, we agree is real. We agree. It's in a certain space and it'll only be there when we get there.


Like if, if the universe is a true simulation. Yeah. Imagine what a mind fuck. You have a simulation where it's perfect in that it has all of these galaxies and supernovas. Okay. The moon aligns perfectly with the earth Yeah. To cause eclipses. Yeah. And without the moon being there, our entire atmosphere would fall apart. Yeah. And we would never be able to survive. Yeah. So it's like this perfect little thing. Yeah. That's set right there. And we spin around and worry which bathroom should we let the guy in a dress go to? And, Okay.


This episode is brought to you by Squarespace. If you are looking to start an online business, you need to check out Squarespace. We even use it for Joe Rogan dot com. You can effortlessly take payments for whatever you want to sell, thanks to Squarespace Payments, giving you options like Apple Pay Klarna and more. Plus with integrated SEO tools, your customer base will always be able to find you. Try it for free at Squarespace dot com. Use Squarespace dot com slash rogan to save 10% on your first purchase.


But meanwhile, it's just a show that's being put on for our consciousness. Okay. So it's a show being put on for our consciousness. Right. And then somebody's put on on the show and then we get the ability to go to the moon and then they got scramble and make a moon. No, there's a moon. I mean, it doesn't matter. Wherever you, wherever you go place. Because that is kind of funny, is like, if like our technology gets so good and they're just going, fuck, we gotta make this thing real, like They're on the way. This is, I'm well aware if you're, you're like criticizing me. This is a dope way to describe it, but I I, You know, if the tree falls in the forest and there's no one there. Yeah. Does it make a sound? Yes. I don't even know if the tree falls, if there's no one there. Oh God. That's I'm not convinced. I'm not convinced.


I'm not convinced. So The tree, okay. Okay. So I Mean, you take a trip to the Pacific Northwest, you will find trees. Yes. Yes. Of, I just don't know if they're there All the time. So they're only there in reference to us looking at them. Oh, I get what you're saying. I think that's Wait, wait, wait. So you're playing a video game and as you move throughout the map of the video game, it has to render, render new levels. It presents itself. Yeah. But you're saying without us accessing it, it isn't presenting itself. It might be the whole universe. They're saving Our data. That might be the whole universe. The whole universe might be us interacting with something. But they exist. But it doesn't exist without us. Yeah. And and this is one of those things, like what does it matter either way but Exists with us in this moment?


Like, if you jump off a cliff, you will die. Yeah. Like gravity's real. Yeah. You'll get pulverized. Yeah. No, no, no doubt. But It's because you jumped It. It's also like your consciousness is is the reason why all this is here. Yeah. That's because you're interacting With it. That's the manifestation of everything though. So I I get what you're saying, like the structure existentially, does it exist if we're not touching it feeling? It, it, it's, it's, what'd they say about like the Native Americans, when they first saw the ships, they didn't know what they were. Yeah. That's bullshit. That's not real. Yeah, exactly. But like, but, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say that it's not real in that they didn't understand what it was in the distance.


Do they think they were like mountains moving closer? They probably just saw these giant pieces of wood and was trying to figure out they had Structures. They may not know it's wood, But didn't they have Structures? I don't know if they're fishing at that time. I'm not sure. But if you see 'em in the distance, you see 'em moving forward. Right. Right. I get the idea like, your brain can't map what that is yet. Right. You'd be freaked out. So it's mapping to whatever, you know, so it's like, oh shit. Is it low tide? And there's some like sandbars out there that are slowly approaching And what the fuck is that? That's kind of what you're saying. We can't under like, I can't understand like what a glacier is without knowing what it is. When I see a glacier for the first time, I can recognize glaciers everywhere. But if I take someone who's never seen a glacier to it, I Think this guy's going further than that. I think he's saying the glaciers aren't real unless you're there. But if someone is there Yeah.


At every point in time throughout the world, then everything is Yes. Is. And We have enough people where yes, there's some people in Antarctica. All right. So Antarctica's always there. There's some people in Alaska. Okay. So that's always there. If we have enough people throughout the world, the world is this congeal substance that we can look at field touch and experience. Yeah. And it might be like, the map of the game is like those NASA satellite photos of Earth. That's, that's the map of the game. Like if you wanted to like go through a game, a video game, and before you go through the game, it shows you like these are the arenas in which you're playing and you Can choose one of them if Yeah. Yeah. You, you can choose one or you know which level you're going to.


Yeah. Like that's those NASA 3D photos of the earth. That's what the earth is. Yeah. Earth is like the place where we play this consciousness game. When You're sitting at home and you're like thinking about these things. Yeah. Do you like talk to your kids about it? No. That's too weird to talk to kids about. What about your wife? Are you like just going, Hey, She, she would go, what? Yeah. You know, my wife, she'd be like, what the fuck are you talking about? Okay. Okay. So you're walking. So you get outta the sauna, You have a Nice sweat, you're walking around your house, you're looking at the stars. Yeah. You see fucking Saturn or whatever. This guy, Like, if she wants to talk about something like that, yeah. She'll bring it up. Like if she wants to talk about something heavy, it's not like I wouldn't talk about something heavy with her.


Yeah. But generally, like I come home from work, she's been with the kids. Yeah. She's doing this and that. She don't need all that. We eat dinner, we have fun. How was school? Yeah. Have a good time. Maybe we watch a little severance together. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But if she's like, did you ever think that maybe this is all isn't real? I'd be like, let's, I'm so glad you brought this up. Okay. So do you, do you struggle battling with the, 'cause some people, when they think about this stuff, they feel their own insignificance and it's very depressing for them. Oh, it doesn't matter like this. So You're unaffected entirely that like your existence in this lifetime over the grand scheme of things could not be important.


It can be important, but it is. But it is to you and it is to the people around you. So That makes our reality then it's important. Sure. But why think about that. Why think about whether or not you're important? I just don't waste any time thinking about whether or not I'm important. Maybe important is maybe important is like a pretentious word. Not not important. I mean like, don't think About the end of the game. Play the game. Don't go, oh my god, it's gonna end. Yes. Oh my quarter's gonna run out. Just play the Game. But some people won't play the game if they know it's, there's no game at all. Or they know it is completely a game. I think that there's this like urgency that is applied. Like, okay, I have to, I have to create the art that I wanna create in this time in my life. Like time is something I've been thinking about like nonstop since I had a kid. It's like time.


How do I spend time? It maybe is cliche, but it is the thing that I like value the most. And everything gets broken up into these little quadrants of time. Okay. I'm out here, I'm doing some pods. Okay, I'm away from my daughter, I'm away from my wife. How do I get back that time? How can I like create these events? Like I don't even buy expensive shit. I like to take a vacation with my friends. I want us all to stay in the villa together. 'cause when we're in different hotel rooms, we miss out on those little moments in between. Right. Like time, time, time. And to me it's like I'm putting an importance on this. I guess a game you say you're playing, I want to experience the most of this game as I possibly can while I'm here. And I have all these examples of people like finishing the game. You know, my dad's, you know, he's a, he's got dementia and all this stuff.


It's like you're seeing your ability to, I guess, manifest that reality or you're at the kind of end of your game. You know, knock on wood. Yeah. But like, yeah. I, I I, the idea of like, me being important, I don't care about like that in terms of how people see it. But in this time I have here I want to believe it's really important and I wanna soak as much of it up as I can. You know. And I think sometimes when you're like, oh, it's pointless. It's, it's nothing like I thought like Jim Carey was going through that moment. Like there are these times where I'd see Jim talking about like the insignificance of the world. And I feel like that can kinda like lead people to sadness and depression. I feel like sometimes you need the battery in your back of, of, of importance. Not you being important to other people, but the time you spend here being valuable.


Yeah. Well that's part of gratitude too. That's one of your best traits. And having gratitude is you would recognize that you this time is precious, you know? Yeah. And use it to the best of your ability and, and really like, you enjoy it. Like soak it up. Yeah. Did you see everything everywhere? All at once? Yeah. I Did. Like, I thought that was a beautiful, beautiful way of, of, of showcasing how people look at like, the nothingness of life. Yeah. This girl sees it as potentially nothing and falls into her own kind of, I guess you could call it this depression.


Why is it worth it? What the fuck is going on? Right. And she kind of sees her father as this like, weak guy that's getting like, walked over and then comes to realize that like, he chooses to deal with the nothingness with kindness and love with everybody. And in reality he's like a hero. Like his perspective on the world is the best when confronted with the nothingness of life, he chooses to like be compassionate and loving. And it's actually like the most heroic stand you can take. Hmm. I think it's very easy to just submit to nothingness. You're determined is maybe the wrong word, but like, you like hard shit. The day, the day you're no longer here is when you can no longer do hard shit.


I feel like your day is full of it and it's just constant. Like, wake up, I'm getting in the fucking ice bath. Like everything I see you do is hard. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like you could shoot a fucking thing with a gun if you want. You can shoot animals with a gun. I'm surprised you don't run on them with a fucking knife. Like, I like, literally like, I feel like one day I'm gonna see you go, oh, I'm going knife hunting. I'm going bear knife hunting. Just because it's a, a difficult thing to do. And I don't know, maybe that's how you process the process existence. Well I think if you are a person who enjoys challenges and, and finds a reward in like, working hard and, and overcoming that resistance inside of you as a press field talks about that, that thing that wants you to be lazy.


If you, if you have value in that, you find value in that and it, it helps you live like a more enriched, more fulfilling life, you tend to just keep doing that. Mm. Because this is like, if I, I know for a fact me as much as I work out and take care of myself, if I take like three days off, You'll start to get used to it. I Start getting depressed, I start getting anxious, I start feeling weird. Like I don't feel level like a couple of days off. You're just like, ugh, I just feel gross. I'm just like, why is the world so weird? And then I'll have one good hard workout and then I'm like, oh, everything's fine. And then I'm like, how many people need that and don't get it? So what is that? It's Just a human body has certain requirements 'cause it's designed to run from tigers.


Okay. The human body is designed to constantly be So you have to feed it. Yeah. You have to, you have to feed it, you have to deal with these difficult things. 'cause for millions of years, that's how our brains and bodies have been processed to work efficiently. Yes. And if you don't put in those situations, what is the, is the messaging like you're wasting this time here? Like what is that internal messaging? You Can have both, right? You can have people that have brilliant minds and shit. Bodies. They exist. There's people that don't take care of their body all and their Yeah. Stephen Hawking. But he, you know, he had a disease, but, But he wasn't like a, an Adonis before. Right. That's true too. Yeah. Right. People act like it. It's a big difference.


Yeah. But the, the best way for your brain to work well is if your body is healthy and as energy. It doesn't mean you have to be a weightlifter. It doesn't mean you have to be, you don't have to do any specific thing. If you like running run, if you like tennis, play tennis. If you like yoga, do yoga. But you should 100% do something. Find a thing you enjoy doing. That's why golf or or rather a tennis is such a great thing. 'cause it's cardio and it's fun. Yeah. Right. You're doing a fun thing. You're playing with your friends, you talking shit. All the Community. Yeah. Community. Huge. Yeah. But you are, you're active. If you don't do that, I don't think your body is in sync. Mm.


And I think there's a whole lot of people running out there taking care of things with pills that you could fix way better And what, and feel and look better. More importantly, you, it would help in every aspect of your life. It would help you think clear. You'd have less stress, you'd be more reasonable. Like go fucking do something. Yeah. With your goddamn body. Yeah. And if you, if you don't do that, I really believe if you don't do that, you have less potential. You can have a genius mind that allows you to overcome that potential. Which is just pure intelligence. Mm. Just a, a pure insight on the world. That's extraordinary. You can overcome bullshit hormone levels and, and bullshit.


You know, body fat levels. Yeah. You could, but you shouldn't. Yeah. You're so fucking smart and you got a terrible body. Yeah. Like what, what's wrong with you? Yeah. If one of these goddamn things Yeah. You can make that thing awesome. You don't Even do anything. Yeah. You Get one of these. Yeah. You get one fucking body and yours is a dumpster. Yeah. Yours is a dumpster for potato chips. That's crazy. What do you like when you're talking to these high functioning dudes, you're talking to like an Elon, is there, do they value exercise and stuff like that at all? Like, can he even put that in his day? Like Elon's a different animal. There's no other human I've ever met like him. Hmm. No, he, I don't think he exercises much. I think maybe a little bit.


I know he was thinking about fighting Zuckerberg, so he did some training. He didn't want basketball. Where did he trained with Lex and who else was it? George St. Pierre. They put up a photo of, it was, it was George. Right. So he trains with one of the greatest UFC fighters of all time. Yeah. Lex Friedman, our boy who is also a Brazilian juujitsu black belt. Yeah. And I think he just did a little bit of that was like, fuck this. Yeah. Shout out Lex Man. Yeah. There it is. Like look at L and John Donahue, the great John Donner, the greatest juujitsu coach of all time. So he was like learning some stuff. I'll Never forget Lex coming to my wedding uninvited and blacking out. I'll never forget that. I'll never forget that. Thank you Lex. We really appreciate that. Well, in all fairness, it was my fault that he blacked out. You forced him to drink.


I kind of got him a drink and didn't realize the Russian in him had a mind of tone. That Russian mixed with that fucking American bourbon. Yeah. That motherfucker was off to the races. It's So funny. Whitney was like, yeah, I'm gonna take Lex. I was like, oh, okay, cool. Yeah. I like that guy. And then I remember seeing him on like a beach chair just past the fuck out. Oh dude. We Had an adventure. Yeah. You guys went to Vegas later that night? We go to Vegas that night. 'cause Whitney had a a corporate wedding. She had a wedding. She had a wedding at someone's house. It was a C gig. Oh it was a gig. But it was a wedding at someone's house. Yeah. I think it was a wedding or a birthday, whatever it was. Party, private party at someone's house. Must have been a birthday. So we fly from your wedding.


Yeah. Hey, congratulations. You Yeah. We hang out and then hop on a jet. You know it's only 30 minutes to Vegas. Yeah, we get to Vegas by the time we land. Lex is lit. Yeah. Yeah. I mean Lex is lit. He was lit at the party. Lit. Lit. Lit. Yeah. So Whitney performs at this lady's house. Didn't you go on? I introduce her. Oh, I thought you did like five minutes. No, I was drunk too. Okay. I, I went up and said happy birthday, whatever to the lady. I forget what it was. I think I'm pretty sure it birthday. And then I bring up my good friend, one of the most hilarious comics in the world. Yeah. Whitney come. Yeah. And then she, we we get on the plane or we we get in the car to go to the plane Yeah. To head back.


Yeah. And there's no plane. They never booked a return flight. So we tried. So we try to get a return flight. 'cause they had got our little shitty private jet to get there. Right. So then we try to get a return flight. We cannot, I call my service. They can't, the quickest they could do is in the morning. Yeah. Like what do you guys wanna do? So I, we decide that we're gonna get a limo and so have a drive car service. Drive us back to la Love it. So it's four hour drive or whatever the fuck it is. Just me, my wife Whitney and Lex. I Remember you just sending me videos of Lex passed out At different parts of the casino. That, That's at the Airport.


That's, that's at the airport. This Is, but he's like that for the last 12 hours. He was like that at The wedding. Oh yeah. He was obliterated. I mean he went hard. That boy goes hard. Yeah. He goes hard. It makes you want to not drink. Yeah. There's certain people I'm around. I'm like, I think I'm done. Yeah. I think I'm done. I feel like less people are drinking. Well, it's really a Good, that might be a good idea. That might be your influence. It's a good idea to not drink so much. I Wonder if the, like the alcohol companies are concerned. They're trying to find something. Eh, there's always gonna be drunks. I I I see it. I see it like beard consumption weighed down. The problem is it's poison. Yeah. But everything's poison. It's Wonderful. Lovely poison. Yeah. My favorite poison is wine. I love, it's a great poison. A great glass of wine.


Wine. Do we have a little like nice little red going on Here? Do we have any red wine here? I wanna know what you're drinking. There's Something. Yeah, there's at least some out there For sure. Okay. I can We get Some? Do you want some? I mean if you're gonna have a glass. I have a glass. I have a sip with you. I've kind of cut way back on my alcohol consumption. Oh really? Yeah. Way, way back. I would go, every time I go out to dinner I'd have a drink or two. Yeah. Every time I'd go to the club I'd have a drink or two. And then one day I sat down, I was like, that's like four days a week, five days a week. That's like a drink or two, five days a week. Like how would you feel if you didn't have a drink or two, five days a week? So I didn't have any drinks for like two weeks and I feel a lot better. Really? So my breaking your like streak right now?


Yeah. You would be breaking my streak. I don't Wanna fuck your streak up. If well We don't have to drink it then, but Actually let's break it. It'll be really Fun. I don't mind. Yeah. I think the key is like all things, it's all about moderation, but the reality of alcohol is it's basically poison. Yeah. But it's got great social utility. Oh yeah. I feel like people undermine the value of alcohol and how it Ain't around for all these years. 'cause it sucks. And like if you travel it, you don't get to experience certain cultures in their truest form without them consuming alcohol. Right. Like if you've gone to like Ireland, you go to Dublin, like during the day, there are very different people and they seem kind of like tight and dour.


And then at night, at the pub after like a few Guinness, it seems almost cliche, but everybody's singing and dancing and there's so much like love and connectivity. And you see why all this great like, literature, music and poetry just comes from this tiny little island. Mm. And you're like, oh, wow, you really need that. Like, it is a tough place to live and you gotta stuff everything down. Yeah. And you need a release valve. Same thing with Russia. Like when I was in Russia, seeing them on the drink. They're Winning on the drink. On The drink. They're warmer. They're, there's warmth in The culture. That's a greatly this explain it. The on the drink for real. Oh, we have fancy glasses choices. Okay. Or that they're both cabernet Though. What do you thinking, Joe? Well, What is seven or 20?


22? Which one was the one that you just touched? Nine. Seven. Grab that one where your hand is. Yeah, That's, Thats what we're gonna decide. 90 thing, 97 is a long time ago. How do you, how do you, like, how do you find that balance where like, you kind of need it. That's old ass wine, huh? Yeah. I don't know. It brought, it's been sitting here. How do you find what balance, Just like there, it allows people to access this part of themselves that they might feel is like, pushed down or, Well, the problem is if you use it too much, right? Yeah. And, and it's also the problem is like, I notice if I, I drink three or four nights in a week, I don't feel as good. Yeah. And when I don't drink at all for two weeks, and I feel like really good All the time, like, what am I Retarding?


Why am I drinking? Why would I drink? Yeah. Like I don't need to drink to have a good time. Yeah. But you know, when you're at the bar or at the club rather, and everyone's being social and Tony's like, who wants a drink? Anybody wanna drink? And they're like, Hey, Cheers. Yeah. It's just about discipline. It's just about like, if you feel like you're going off the rails, hit the brakes. Yeah. Settle down. Yeah. What are you doing? Yeah. You gotta, but a lot of folks don't have any of that. Yeah. Unfortunately. And you know, they, they'll be sober for a long time and then one glass of Chardonnay later they're doing cocaine and headed to Vegas. Not you can be alcohol Was less Freedman Blowing rails on a Who does go and passes out.


That's how drunk you're Oh, this something's so funny about people passed out. That's All the, it's a funniest shit ever. Yeah. They're, They've become children. They're babies. Yeah. They're like infants, you know, they're just completely on control of their body. Yeah. You're not even there. Hello. Yeah. Look at you out cold. It's just a weird aspect to people that we have to shut off. Yeah. That's so weird. I was just watching this video about this guy who, he did a radio broadcast at Times Square where he stayed up for eight days. Okay. And this guy started having crazy hallucinations.


He was having his rem sleep, his rem cycles in his brain were going off while he was, while awake was awake. Interesting. So he was living inside nightmares. Yeah. I'll send it to Jamie. It's, it was crazy. I think Duncan sent it to me. It's, it's really Wild. They say that can induce insanity faster than anything. Right? Oh, for sure, dude. I mean, that, that without a doubt. The sleep deprivation. Yeah. Sleep deprivation is really bad for you. How many hours do you get a night? I try to get at least seven. Oh wow. Nights I get more. But what if you come home late from the club? You're just, if you, When when I do, if, if it's school days especially Yeah.


I get up in the morning, I say goodbye, and then I'll maybe go back to sleep for an hour. Mm. So like, I'll get up with them, you know, see them off, and then I'll go back to sleep for like one more hour. Yeah. Because I can, I can sleep on the ground, dude. I can go to sleep on rocks. I could go, I just, I know how to pass out. So like, I could go right back to sleep and I'm good. Serious. But I like seven, but I can function on six. I had six last night. Yeah. I had to get up in the morning for a dentist appointment, but generally speaking, I'm looking for eight. Yeah. I like eight. Yeah. Eight's where it's at. I don't think I've had eight hours. My brother, I don't think I've had eight hours since I had a kid. Oh yeah. Cheers. Yeah. That I didn't either for a while.


It takes a long time. And it's also like, it, your day is way more occupied. Oh. It's, it's a completely different, like Yeah. You really realize how much your, your actual time working on something is precious when you have children. Because like, they just go to bed, you know, like, okay, I got an hour Yep. To get some time to get shit done. Yep. You know, you got one hour, you don't have an hour to flip through your phone, check out TikTok, Uhuh, Uhuh. You got an hour to get something done. Yeah. And then you gotta go to bed. Yeah. And then you gotta get up in the morning. You gotta get up early, you gotta help with this. Help with that. We're doing this, we're doing that. We're packing our stuff in here and okay, let's go there. And there's a thing after school. Remember it's at four 30, don't be late.


Okay. Yeah. Four 30. And then you gotta zoom over from here and go to the, it's like your day is so occupied, but it makes you more disciplined. It makes You more disciplined and it makes you feel more productive. Like, it's weird, like even going out and like say having some drinks or whatever and waking up and feeling kind of shitty without, like the kid, I kind of feel guilty by halfway through the day. I'm like, what was I doing? Fuck. I go out party day. But when I'm like up at seven and I'm fucking tired, I'm hungover and I'm with my wife taking care of the baby by 12, I'm like, I'm a good fucking parent. Like, I, I feel like this, I feel like a positive sensation in the place of this like, guilt-ridden one that I would used to feel maybe. Mm. And I think it's that immediate productivity, that purpose.


There's this human being that you love more than anything that is like deeply relying on you. Yeah. And yeah, I feel, I don't Know, it's also the kind of love you have with them. It's just Oh, it's dude indescribable. How old were you when you had your first 40? Yeah, so I'm, I'm 41, so I was Yeah, it's the same thing. It's, it's, yeah. It's every cliche. It's amazing. You spend all this time as a, as a comedian, like thinking of unique or different angles and then you're presented with your child and like every feeling you have is the most cliched feeling that everybody has ever described in having a child. Yeah. And then you don't mind when babies are crying on airplanes anymore.


Dude, It completely Changes everything. It It is, it is adorable when they're crying on the airplane. Yeah. You want like, you almost wanna like help the mom. Isn't that crazy how when you're a young man you are like, oh my god, a baby's crying and you like, look for something to cover your ears with. That's Also a big city thing. I feel like, I feel like places that, Like country places where they're so used to, well There's family dynamics and like that's rewarded. And I grew up in the city where it just wasn't that rewarded and Right. It's like a rare thing to even like be a kid in the city. Well, especially you be a, you're a kid in the city and then you go from that to being a standup comedian. So you're a, a nighttime nightclub guy.


Like the whole baby crying like, oh, Jesus. Yeah. It's like, woo, some bad decision making going on over there. Yeah. Yeah. But it is, I wish that, I would like us to change that a bit. I think that's the thing that's kind of missing in like this masculinity movement is fatherhood. Like, I, I hear, I hear a lot of guys talking about, is there a Masculinity movement going on Apparently on these pods that we do? Is that what it is? We're the manosphere dude. This is where fucking Men hang out. I don't think they consider us the manosphere. Honestly. I think the manosphere is like those pickup artist type dudes. But that's the thing, none of those guys have kids or they talk about like, what it is to be a man. And it's like, buddy, like you're missing out on the most important part of the entire process.


Yeah. Like, I wanna hear the guys who have a bunch of kids telling me what it is to be a man. Right. Like, to me that's way more valuable. And I feel like they're missing out on like, the defining moment in a man's life. Even bitches have alpha bitches. There's like a leader of the bitches. Oh, that's fire. You know, so like Yeah. They're, they're a leader of a movement. Yeah. But what, what kind of movement you leading, bro? Yeah. What kind of movement you leading. Yeah. You know, it's, it is, yeah. You go to an island full of bitches and you can become the King. There's gonna be somebody there. Just find out who that head bitch is and say Yeah. Yeah. Thumb up. And Those bitches are probably easier to lead. Oh yeah, for sure. They've been, that bitch has been leading them.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Just it's like, I saw once the NN after the election, they were talking about us in specific, and they were talking about how there is this network of podcasts that are interconnected, that has been financed like this, this huge, who's paying us corporate finance network. Like it's called Black Rifle Coffee. It's like, it's so stupid. No, it's, it's actually just a bunch of friends. You fucking idiots. We just happen to do each other's podcast. I mean, it's, but they're like trying to sort it out, bro. It's so funny. When they, They support each other. They go on each other's shows and they're all in this together.


Well, we need that on the left. Like, good luck. Yeah. That's, you guys cancel each other if your fucking Ukraine flag is too small. Yeah. Six by six. Yeah. You fucking talk shit about each other for not having trans kids. Yeah. You guys are outta your mind. You're not gonna, you're not gonna sync up together. You're, you're in a suicide cult. Yeah. I think that was the results of the election. I don't think that they would like to believe this, but it was a, a rejection of what was happening. I think the, the assumption is everybody just loves Trump and he's just this populace and every person that voted for him is like, I just love everything about this guy. But I actually think that a lot of people were just like, I don't like what's happening now.


Right. And this current administration is saying that they don't wanna change much that's happening now. Right. So I'm voting against that lack of change. Right. And I think it's important for them to realize that. Like, I talk about this a lot, especially with Char and the pod. And it's just like, you have to be reflective like what the people are telling you. Like when that the Men Gioni thing happened and the reaction by the people was to laugh at it, They were kind like, were Kind of pumped. But you gotta look at that and you gotta pay very close attention to what people are feeling. Don't tell them what they should feel And you know better. And Oh, we have to, you know, lead them to the water. 'cause they're too stupid to know how to find it. No, no, no. They are disillusioned by the medical system.


And if you don't meet them there, you're never gonna win. Ever. Yeah. And I feel like that's, at least from talking to Trump, that was something that I got from him, is like, it doesn't seem like it when you see him in on the news and shit, but he's like an acute listener. Like he listens to what people are saying and he listens to more importantly what they're feeling and he can tap into those feelings. And I think that that's what people who have had a lot of success in politics were able to do. Barack did it. Bill Clinton did it. Probably, maybe the best bill might have been the best. His ability, ability to communicate to people what they were feeling. I know you feel pain. I do feel pain. Bill, I'm here for you.


You Are. I am. I Would love that. You know, like it Was, I'm gonna be your leader. Yeah, it was. Yeah. It's, You need to listen. Well, I think what Trump's done that's really brilliant is bringing people like t Gabbard, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr, cash Patel. Like bring in those people. And like you, you, you, you kinda really do get a chance to change things like legitimately change things, But think about that decision. Right? It's like those people are all echoing sentiments that the majority of Americans feel. They're, we do not trust the food. Here's the guy who says the food is bad. Right. Maybe we should put him in control of the food.


Kind of like a simple thing. Yeah. Instead of going, well this guy is the food doctor and we're gonna hire the food doctor because he knows what food is good for you and you guys should just shut up and listen. And I feel like there's a lot of this like top down on the left and I'm not trying to just like bag on the left. I don't care really about that. Like, I don't even care about the politics. I care more about like what, where the, the cultural liquidity is. It's like you can't talk down to people. There's this like Ivy League pretentiousness in the Democratic party, I feel where they're like, we know better. And just, you must be stupid if you don't agree with us. And it's like, all right, well I'm stupid. I'm dumb. Yeah. I'm dumb then so why doesn't somebody meet me where I'm stupid and start at least making me feel like I'm not an asshole for the way that I, you know, for my, I guess you could say political leanings now.


Yeah. I feel like they need to meet and it's a very simple thing. Make it a class issue. And I think they win and say what you want about America. But like, I think it's better if we have two president or two people running for president that we're stoked about and it's a really hard decision. Oh yeah. That would be wonderful. Yeah. That's not what we had. We had one group of people that legitimately wanted to change things. Yeah. And then we're gonna see what happens if they do. But, but you're seeing weird stuff today that you never see before. Like what, which is like a real adjustment to the age of the internet. One of the things you're seeing is, I dunno if you saw the 22 different congress people who are all saying the exact same line with the word shit in it. What was the line? So it's like, it's this speech.


Yeah. They're reading it verbatim. Yeah. They're all reading it and doing it to a microphone as if it's a rant. Mm. But they're all doing from the same script and the shit ain't right. So this is the shit ain't Right is the beginning of it. How when in the history of the United States has a politician as a politician said shit, shit. Yeah. Yeah. And not just one but 22 of them in tape record. You can you pull it up just so we can see it because it's so nuts. This Is think tank politics. When you see 'em all together, it's just like they have it on screens as tiles and they're all saying the same words. They all have their own little flare they put on it. Yeah. Look at this. Put put your headphones on. This is fucking bananas. Thank you. Terrible.


It's hard to listen. It's okay. You won't be able to, you can't really tell it's like a crowd. But when they had three of 'em, when it was the first, first three was like, it was Chuck Schumer and someone else. Yeah. They, they're saying the exact Oh, Elizabeth Warren and someone else. Yeah. They're all saying, they're saying the exact same words. Yeah. In the exact same subject, in the exact same order. You guys are all reading off a script and you're trying by putting the word shit in there to be authentic. Well, Shit ain't right To be specifically authentic. They're like, we need to speak to working class people to kids, to the kids.


Yeah. And it, it, it is kind of like bigoted in a weird way where like they, it feels like they're almost in a think tank. Like, Hey listen, these poor dummies, they like it when you curse. Yeah. So if you use a few curse words in your speech Yeah. They're gonna really relate to you. Yeah. And it's like, no, no, no, we actually need somebody disruptive. We need somebody on the left that is, they might speak like that but authentically speaks like that and is willing to disrupt even what's happening in the left. Because if you look at like what happened with the Trump and the movement, like he disrupted the right, the right looks very different now than it did. Oh yeah. You know, five, 10 years ago. Right? Yeah, definitely. So I want like, Like a maga democrat. Yeah. Like for real. Like, and, and And what is that? Like what do we at the, at our baseline want, right?


We like abundance. Tell me how great America is going to be in your version of it. You wanna Bill Clinton Talk that shit, like come out talking shit. Bernie was talking shit and I want you to come out and if Trump can say we're gonna take Greenland, there can be some de that goes $1 eggs and straight up says we're gonna subsidize it. Wait, how did you do that? Subsidize it. Subsidize it subsidize corn, you subsidize dairy, you subsidize everything. Like why can we not subsidize it but say something that's actually gonna impact people. Now Trump's not gonna take Greenland, so maybe you don't get the $1 eggs, but you get this messaging across that you're actually trying to help people and you're gonna have to deal with those lobbies that are bankrolling you and that might piss them the fuck off. But that's the disruption we need for you, for us to trust you.


You know what they really should do? What's that? They really should have a strategic plan. If we're spending three, what is it? $350 billion went to Ukraine. What was the number? What, what are they saying it was? I don't know what the number is. Some insane. Let's say just, let's just be conservative and say 200 billion. Imagine if we spent $200 billion in the United States in all of the crime ridden cities of the country. Just completely overhauling them. Alright, So here's my concern about that is how much did they spend in California on homelessness? 24 billion. And then like nothing changed, right? No, they got worse. Oh, you did a Good job. Awesome. You did a good job. So maybe we could, we could spend 36 billion. You know, like, so there's also this idea, like the current administration in these places, even with an abundance of money is not gonna make change.


So you need somebody from inside, from the left to go, Hey, these people are corrupt on my team, we're gonna root out that corruption, but we are gonna take care of homelessness. We are gonna make eggs cheaper. We are gonna build fucking 10,000 affordable housing, housing units so that the price of, you know, your rent can go way down. There has to be something disruptive instead of, Hey, let's just go back to normal. Let's not ruffle any feathers. Like Yeah, Let's I see what you're saying. I, I reject the idea though that progress can't be had just because people have been corrupt and they've abused money before. I feel like you could farm it off to private corporations the same way we did with Halliburton during the Iraq war.


What did they do with Halliburton? Got no bid contracts to rebuild Iraq. Yep. And they did it. They actually built, built All the power plants they didn't need. There's like a lot of waste and weird shit that went on over there. Yeah. You could do that with the inner cities, but you're, you could have contract. You Say Caliber did a good job? No. Oh well I'm just saying like they actually did get paid to rebuild cities. So You can get a private sector that would, would actually make money. It would become an industry Iraq instead of it being bureaucracy. So you see what I'm saying? Like instead of it being something where it's like California, they're, they're taking the homelessness Yeah. When nothing gets done, but money keeps pumping into it. Yeah. No, the only way you get paid is based on results. Ooh. So you have a contract with incentives based on results.


Yes. And that is the problem. There is no, You have to lower crime. You have to lower crime, you have to lower juvenile detention rates, you have to improve education scores. You have to make food, healthy food far more accessible. It would be very easy to open up enormous food pantries in the inner city and finance it in comparison to the amount of money we spend on other countries doing transgender monkey studies. Yeah. You know, or whatever the fuck we do. You know, the stuff they do is nuts. Like $20 million to Sesame Street in Iraq. Like it's bananas. Yeah. So just if you've got enough money for that. Yeah. You've got enough money to set up food banks in every fucking city.


Yes. Where poor people can get nutritious food. Yes. Just sign on, have a driver's license, whatever the fuck you need to get your Food. And what are the downstream effects of that? Like you have way less health issues, which takes down the cost of healthcare. Yeah, yeah. This Is, yeah. Well also people aren't desperate. 'cause You can actually always eat, you know, which is a real problem with some people in this country. Right? What's this about, Jamie? What are you pulling this up for? They didn't do very good job, apparently. Oh, well I'm sure they probably, well I said they did do corruption and there was some waste. Right. I mean, 'cause I was talking about these, I mean power plants they built, that didn't matter. But the point is it was a business. Yeah. So you got businesses involved and they, they went in and they got contracts to do things. Yeah.


If you got contracts to re-engineer these communities slowly over time Yeah. You'd have to do it where it didn't shock the community. Yeah. But slowly over time, unfortunately, you would have to ramp up the law enforcement because there's going to be resistance if you're gonna go to the south side of Chicago and try to clean it up. Yeah. You got gangs in there shooting each other every weekend. You got real fucking problems. Have You have you, But what's the alternative? Let that keep going on forever. No, you can't. So you have to rip the bandaid off. Have you heard of the guy? He's the president. I think of El Salvador. Oh, the guy who made all those, the camps for those People. Yeah. I'm, there's tons of, I'm sure there's tons of criticism, right?


100%. But I think El Salvador has become like the safest country in central and South America. Yeah. There's no criminals. We're all in Jail. There's literally, they're all in jail and, and I'm sure it's some like, there might even be like a little North Korea shit where it's like, yeah, you're not in the gang, but like your cousin is, and you hang out with him and now you're in his prison and Sure, Of course. But what they've done is completely like revolutionized the country. And if you ask the other people that are not gang affiliated at all, there's this like undying support. I think he has like a 91% support rating or whatever that is. And it's like these people feel like they got their lives back right Now I'm sure as I'm saying, there's gonna be people going like, oh, it's, these are civil rights violations. Yeah. Yeah. You know what else is also a civil rights violation when you're like, city is completely run by a gang and you're terrified to let your kid leave the house.


Yeah. So like there is a version where having more punitive measures for people that are breaking the law will increase safety and the prosperity of the people in that region. Like in order to get investment into the south side of Chicago, you need to make it safer. Starbucks isn't opening if it's getting broken into every fucking week. Hundred percent. So yeah, it's, yeah. I like that. I Like that. I think one of the first things you would finance is community centers. You finance like a real great community rec center where kids, if their mom's working Yeah. No one's there to take care of 'em. Yeah. They got real good coaches there. Yeah. They got people that can set them up maybe for potential athletic scholarships.


Yeah. They're talented. Yes. This is great. Maybe you have people that teach you how to play music. That's Where I went when I was a kid. You know, I went to the Carmine Street Recreation Center, that's where I played basketball. And it was this beautiful place, this amazing oasis where like, not only are you getting to play friends, You know, meet friends and stuff like that, but I'm getting to compete. I'm getting to play against guys way better than me. Yeah. And there are these, I mean, even as I say this right now, I'm like, I gotta like donate money to like they've, they created this place where there was a lot of kids in those programs that they might have ended up doing some fucked up shit man. Right. And they had a place where they could go. There was like a safe haven. Yeah. And look at us talking like some libs on this pot, man. Well, I think we are liberal. Of Course we Are. That's the, I think the real problem, The biggest misconception of all of this is that we don't want this place to be better, but there have to be certain changes to make.


Dude, I'm, I'm socially about as liberal as it gets. Yeah. And I'm a firm believer in a social safety net too. I'm a firm believer in welfare and food stamps. I just think there's a way, there's a way to address the root of the problem, which is people with no hope. Yes. And you gotta, the way to do that is you gotta give 'em hope. Yeah. You have to make it safer for them to live where they live. Yeah. You have to make it healthier for them to live where they live. And then I don't think it would cost that much to provide guidance for a bunch of kids that want guidance. And if you have good solid role models that know how to do that kind of stuff. Yeah. And they can all work together and build a program. And then what if those kids wind up being like really talented musicians or really talented athletes or whatever the fuck it is.


What's happening at the mothership classes? Like, Like what's, what's happening there? Like I feel like you, you've created an environment where it is like, these guys can make enough money to survive. Which is a very hard thing to do as a fledgling comedian. Right. And some of these guys who are door guys, they're starting to get spots around. Even like some of my guys, you know, like obviously Derek Poston is like making real money. Yeah. Right. And learning how to flourish as a comedian instead of working 60 hours at a job and then doing comedy when he potentially can. Right. And you hopefully get to see this artistry grow. Like I've watched Derrick explode as a fucking comedian. Like, this guy's so fucking funny. He's he's so lovable. It's, he's so lovable, so Funny.


He's got a, he's got a don't tell coming out April 16th. Nice. He's a, and I've, I've watched this fucking amazing. So everybody would go check that out. Nice. But that's the type of environment that I imagine that you can curate. Now you are very benevolent. Right. But you would hope that the government can create that same level of benevolence without leaking too much money. Yeah. It just, it has to be done for the right reasons, the right way with the right people. And that was what we pulled off at the mothership because I was able to get everybody from California, but also I knew that that was the formula. 'cause it was kind of like the heart and soul of the store. Mm. It was like the people that were the coolest people that were running things over there. Bring them over here. Yeah. And it was just, the whole thing was so nuts, dude. It was like the universe wanted it to happen.


Every light turned green right when we got to it. Yeah. Every light turned, it just, none of it makes sense on paper. Yeah. If you thought about like the idea behind dumping a ton of money in a club and your ultimate goal is to break even. Like, who the fuck, who fucking does that? And then it also, you have to, But that's government. Government shouldn't make money. Yeah. Right. So the ultimate goal should be to break even. Well, you, Your ultimate goal should be everything is a money venture. Right. So the club is not a money venture. Right. The club is a artistic, it's like a I want it to be like a camp. Yeah. Like camp for comics. Yeah. Like you go there, you're all your buddies are there, everybody's having a good time.


We're all trade. We were all last night, me and Shane Gillis were breaking down the, me and Shane Gillis did Bottom of the Barrel last night for an hour. Oh shit. We were on stage for an hour. It was the most fun I've ever had doing. Yeah. We were crying good. Like tears rolling down my face, crying, laughing. And then we're hanging out in the green room, we're breaking down this bit and we're coming up with new lines. It's like a laboratory. Yeah. It's a hangout. Yeah. We got, you know, fucking Gary Clark Jrs playing on the stereo. Yeah. Everybody's vibing. Yeah. We're all laughing. Woody Harrelson's hanging out with us. Yeah. It's a vibe, man. We're all having such a good fucking time, man. But it's like, that's what I wanted to build. I didn't wanna build a business. Yeah. I wasn't, it wasn't like, whoa, if I do, if I sell drinks for X amount of money and then I charge this amount for a ticket and fuck the comedians over.


I did the opposite. Yeah. I pay the comedians way more than everybody else pays and Looks what happens. But that's, that's just to try to facilitate this artist colony. I just want it to be a place where con this is like the mothership even has a name. Like, we came up with the mothership because the first one was the asylum because Mitzi Shore, God bless her, she always used to saying, oh, the inmates are running the asylum. That was her thing. Yeah. Whenever she would come to the store, she loved it. That we were crazy. Yeah. She loved like, you know, You know, do Embarrassed like jumping around backstage and everybody was laughing and Joey Diaz telling some crazy story and then Mitzi would pull up. Yeah. She'd get outta her car.


Oh, the inmates are running the asylum. And I was like, if we're gonna branch out, we should just call it the asylum. You Know? I like mothership. The mothership was better because the first of all, asylum was already taken. There's like a couple of different asylums, so we couldn't have asylum. And then it was like, I'm so fascinated with UFOs. I'm so obsessed with that shit. Anyway, mothership is like the place where we all launch from there. So when we go all throughout the rest of the country, you always come back to the mothership. It's mothership. Yeah. There's a like creating environments where, where Art flourishes is. So I did kill Tony the other day and it's been a while since I've done like the whole show.


I came out for MSG. That was fun. That was incredible. We had such a good time. Oh dude, it was great. Oh, we had such a good time. Your stupid jacket. Oh my God. Oh my God. That jacket. I had to have it. Oh, it was great. I knew I wanted to wear a fur jacket. Yeah. I was like, I, I told Tony, I'm like, I'm getting a fur coat. I have to get a fur coat. Yeah. I think I talked to you the day before. You're like, are you getting a fur coat? I got it today Of the show. I Yeah, you texted me something, you're like, yeah, they'll wear this. Yeah. My boy Phil found it was this dude who's a, a private shopper and he found the spot to go wild. He's like one of just of celebrity shopper dudes. Yeah. Yeah. And he found me the spot. So, and I was on it. And so, and I'm watching the, like in the interviews, the interviews are really fun. Like a lot of these comics are really green and they're going in there and trying to find something.


But like the interview portion, and I'm probably saying something that everybody already knows, but I, when I watch Kill Turn, I'm watching it in clip form. Right. So I'm seeing like these like 62nd versions. Right. But what I thought was really interesting about the interviews is that there's a real generosity with Tony. Right. He's, I don't know if even the comics realize this. Like he's trying to get you to write your first good joke. Mm. He's asking you questions where you don't have to be funny, but they are funny because you're just speaking truthfully. Right. And it is generous. It's easy to just like, you could bang on every single one of the people that go up there. Right. But it's, that's not exactly what's happening. Sometimes Of course people are gonna get jokes, but there's this moment where like, you get to watch some of these guys, like hopefully they're realizing, they're like, oh, I am.


Oh that is a kind of funny thing about me. And that's like the first kernel of like where they'll write their first good joke. Yeah. Yeah. And there's a really cool thing to witness. And yeah, there's a couple guys that went up and like, there's one guy, like, his joke sucked, but he had something like, I just kept watching him. Yeah. And I was like, you're gonna be good. Like, I hope you keep doing this 'cause you're gonna be good. And like we started asking him the questions and he's this Mexican guy from San Antonio and he works at like Office Depot. And there was something funny about like, hold on. So like, there was like something about like, you know, he's selling like papers And it was like, hold on. So there's like a Mexican guy, like people are asking for paper. Like there's just like, there's all these like let, like it seems like a setup, you know what I mean?


So, but it was just really cool to see it happen and like, it reminded me of these early stages of comedy where you're putting together these things that you think are funny and funny is kind of already existing in you, you know? And yeah, it was just like, it was a cool aspect of the show that I'm sure the people that watch it and it's just a massively successful show, so they're familiar, but maybe the people that don't watch it aren't, don't know about the show. They Just think Tony's just roasting people and It's, he's, he's not, it's a very generous thing to do. Yeah, it is. Well, Tony loves comedy. Yeah. And loves comedy to the point where he's always writing lines for people backstage. He's always like giving people tags. Yeah. And he's always talking about, did you do that bit?


Like, oh, I love that bit. Yeah. Like he's super supportive Yeah. With comedy. And he loves when the guys who do his show like William Montgomery and When they start to Flourish, they start killing it on the road. Yeah. He loves that. He fucking, he, he's actually put together a tour now. The Killers have killed Tony. I've Seen it. And they're doing like fucking theaters, man. They're crushing it. Yes. Big guy. And they're killing, these guys are good, man. Ari Maddy is fucking good. I was Talking to him yesterday, man, He's fucking smart. He is funny. He's super ambitious now. He, he writes, he wants to be an American so bad. He's a fun hang. He's got great perspective on stuff. Also. He's like, yeah, he, he Had, You know, he's an MMA fighter. I, I remember seeing like, fought three times. Wow. Yeah. Wow, wow. Yeah. He's a big guy too.


Yeah. Yeah. But like, yeah, I remember like, he even had a joke yesterday. I mean, whatever, it will come out. But like, it was funny, like he tapped into something at the end of the bit that he did when he does the minute and then in the interview it really became the thing. Ah, Do you know? Right, right, right. Because what you get to watch is like, he's like, he's a veteran comic. Like he's probably been doing it 10 or 12 years. Right. Right. So like you get into real comedian mode around 10. Right? Yeah. And you got to witness live what we do backstage. Right. Which is like, yo, I like that idea. What, why did you do this? And he set a line at the end of when we're just doing the interview, that, that I think is gonna be what this joke builds out into.


I don't wanna give it away, like say people go watch it. But it, to me, like that part of the process is so fun. Oh yeah. And it is, I, I don't know if people know this about, it's like, it is really fun to like work on someone else's bit. Like it, there is, it's almost, there's almost like more freedom because you're less attached to it. Right. You know, like if, if you have something and you're like telling me the idea, like I'm not, you have, you're attached like a direction for it. And I'm just coming from all these other places And what if my tag bombs? It doesn't matter. It's, you're the one going to do it. But it is this exciting thing when you have a ker and Yeah. That this, this moment happened with it. And you can even see him go, oh shit, That's Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the next level of it. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. They emerge, right? Yeah. The new chapters in your bits in new paragraphs, they emerge.


That's the best. It's the best. And, And for me it's like I need to talk to get it out. Right. I'm not like a sit at home and like, I write the ideas like, I need to, I need to be, yo I got this idea And what do you think about this? And then you have to like, gimme pushback on it and then Right. Confronting that pushback is like where the bit develops for me. Right, right, right. And that, that's the beauty of like, the audience not laughing. Well that's why you like New York City. Yeah. When you moved to Miami you were like, I told it's too nice Down here. No, it was like, life was beautiful. Everybody was caring about family and everything. And it was just so comfortable. And I was like, I didn't have any like resistance. I need. That's so funny. Like, I'm used to that chaos. God, I I need the opposite. What do you mean? That's so funny. Your whole life is resistance.


You're in a i the song, I just Resistance with people. People. I Just, I don't, I don't wanna deal with people's bullshit. That's, I got my own bullshit deal. That's My ice Bath. Yeah. There it is. Is the people Subway, you just wanna get out there and Grind it out. Subway, I do 30 minutes on the sixth train. Right Bro. We better have a bulletproof vest. Yeah. Yeah. The, anyway, so what you were saying about like hope that it is interesting and I see, like, I see that for comics especially here, there's this idea of like, getting on the show and seeing a pathway to success. It's a real pathway. Yeah. It's a real pathway to a career. And you've seen many, many, many people go through it. Like Cam Patterson. Yeah. David Lucas. These guys all have careers now.


Yeah. He had a, he had a funny bit too. Like Kemp's funny man. Yeah. He's funny. Yeah. I think there's a little bit of a hindrance in that one minute a week because it's like you spend so much time working on that one minute that maybe you don't spend enough time tightening up hour. So that's what I asked your Hour whenever you have when you're on the road. I was like, what you give this minute out and it goes out to the whole comedy world. And I asked, that's what I was asking Ari. I was like, can you still do those bits? Like, 'cause some of these aren't finished, they're just the fucking beginning of it. Right. Right. But don't let those go. Like Right. Build on 'em. As long as you're building on 'em. As long as you got more to it and it's better now. I think people want it. I think it also, there's this understanding that those guys are on the come up.


Yeah. And they're, they're putting it all together and I think there's a certain amount of times you do it where you gotta eventually leave. I say that, but then there's William Montgomery who does it every fucking week. Yeah. And William's got this style that even if his jokes suck, it's Funny because they suck. It's Even 'cause he gets angry. Yeah. Yeah. He gets angry at himself. Yeah. He gets angry at the crowd and then he gets funny, bro. Have you been seeing Brian Holsman lately? No. No, no. No. Oh my God. He's the sweetest guy by the way. He's shout out Brian, Man. He's the best guy. He is so different than his onstage monster. The onstage Brian Holtman. He needs a name in a different thing. He's like a, there's a different human that comes out when he's on stage. You would, you would think that he's a complete psychopath in real life and He's just the kindest sweet Guy.


Like, he's wonderful. I love him to death. He's all hugs and joy and smiles and he's always helping people into a detriment. Like, one of the things about his show is we've had to like stop some of the people that he allows open for him. Oh. 'cause it's people that haven't done comedy in forever and still know him. Yeah. Like you think I could do a set? Sure. Come on by. Yeah. Yeah. And then they eat Dick for 10 minutes and the crowd gets tortured. Yeah. So Adam had to put the brakes on that, but, but he himself is on fire. Yeah. On Shane and I were crying, laughing, watching his set last night. Yeah. I mean, crying laughing. Shane's so funny. He, he had the ox cord last night at, at Bity and like I didn't know who was putting on the music 'cause it was just this like random collection of music.


And then he, then this Fetti Wap song comes on. Right. And I want you to be mine again. And I look over at the bar and I just see him kind of mouthing it. I want You to Pick my, this motherfucker got the Haws. Ah, That's hilarious. He was locked in, bro. Yeah. Yeah. We all have good green room soundtracks. Oh yeah. Yeah. We, that's a big thing. Green Room Soundtrack. I don't think anybody would guess your Green room music. Like if they walked into your green room and they heard the music playing, there's nobody that would go, oh yeah, Joe picked this song. Yeah. Maybe nobody, It might be one or two songs that pop up Nineties. Like Deep Cut Rap.


Yeah. Like deep like KS one or something. Right, right, right, right. Coogee rap and the brand New Heavy. Yeah. Yeah. I remember the first time I came down here And it was like blasting and I was like, yo, who the fuck? Like, I'm looking around like nobody's old enough to even know Cool g Rap in this, in this green room. And I just see you like bopping, getting ready to fucking go on to just, Yeah man. Death threat with brand new heavies is my favorite before I go on stage song. That's interesting. There's a, I don't know. I don't know. Oh man, you don't know. You don't know that song? No, I don't Think so. Oh my God. So the brand new heavies and I found out about this song I teared up when I was talking about Mitzi earlier. Oh wow. Still a little teary. What what, what were you thinking?


Oh, just, just her. What was it? Just Her saying, you know, All the inmates running the asylum. It just makes me cry. Why? 'cause that lady was like All the shit that I do at the club. Like I learned how to do it from her. Yeah. Like you learn how to like, facilitate comedy, like to help comedy grow. I learned it all from her. Yeah. All Of It. It's kind of cool how people exist through us. You know, like obviously she's passed but Well That's why the bar's named Mitzi. Yeah. But the effects live on, I would've named the whole club Mitzi's if I didn't wanna get sued by the family. They would've, I don't think they would've sued me, but no, they let me actually use the name for the bar.


Yeah. But, and we have a picture picture of Mitzi in the bar too. What was your guys' relationship like? Well, I mean she was still lucid when I met her. You know, you know, I met her in 94 and she was like super supportive. She just like, you know, she just knew what to do, man. Like, she knew how to set you up and if she liked you she would put you on after murderers. Yeah. I had to follow Martin Lawrence in the main room for like, like Fucking weeks And weeks at a time. If Martin Lawrence was gonna headline, I was gonna go on after. What the, So Martin Lawrence, what you, what is the year? 94 95. Okay. So you Gotta understand Martin Lawrence, people forgot Martin Lawrence, let me tell you right now.


Go watch you so crazy. Martin Lawrence Is go watch Def Comedy Jam. Yes. The greatest host of Def Comedy Jam ever. Yes. His timing. But his performance is when it's his hour, his timing, his energy Infectious. Oh, he was so good. He was so good. And I used to eat shit going on after him every night. And Mitzi, no matter who was there, dice Clay Rogan, you're on after dice. It's like, whoever the fuck it is I'm going on after him. That was, yeah. And she just knew how to throw you to the wolves, man. She knew how to like, show you that your act is bullshit. You know, there's a, there's a couple guys, like Atel did that for me in, in New York. Like I would close the, the late show at the Cellar and Atel will go up and then I would go up after him and like, that shit will turn you into a man.


Yes. It'll humble you. It'll humble you. You just realize when somebody's operating on like every single cylinder firing and you get up after it and you're like, oh wow, I'm missing something. He has something that I don't have and I need to find that shit. When you're going up in like the cushy spot, second or third and you're killing, you think you're the funniest in the world. And then when you follow somebody that like levels the room and the whole room is kind of unsure if he's just like inventing these things in the moment, if these are bits, like they just get caught up in this like tornado of creativity and you gotta follow it. And that shit following him, following Mike Britt following GRE or like following these guys that are just, just like masters. Yeah. It just turns you into a man. That's Why I started taking Joey on the road with me.


'cause I couldn't follow him. Really? Yeah. Yeah. You love hard shit. You fucking love making your life difficult. It's not even making your life difficult, it's realizing like you're trying to get, you're not as good as you're ever gonna get at this. Yeah. Right. You have to get better. Yeah. How do you get better? You have to be challenged. Yeah. How do you get challenged? Yeah. Know that you're gonna follow Joey Diaz every night, three nights in a row, two shows on Friday, two shows on Saturdays. This is, this is, I feel like a, this is something that there's a lot of importance to this and I don't know if, if comedians are doing this All the time, but like your openers that you take on the road with you, like they should really be pressing you. Oh yeah. They should set the tone of the show and they're gonna set the expectation of the show. I think sometimes people wanna save the day.


That's weak. That's that same bitch ass feeling. Like, I hope the guy after me bombs. Yeah. That's the same bitch ass feeling. Yeah. I want the audience to have a great fucking time. Yeah. So I want everybody to kill. I love when I get the message like, or like tagged in a post on Instagram And it was like all three of them were fucking great. Yes. And it's like, and also like, I understand what it means probably for them. 'cause I've been in maybe that situation where you're like, holy shit. Like yeah, they're bringing me up with the show. Right, right. And they're, they're in a tougher spot than me. You know, Derrick going up hosting, people are walking into an arena. Yep. So to kill that route to like command attention while people are walking down an aisle. Derrick's a perfect guy for some fuck that. Oh. Because he's got so much energy and he's so good at fucking around and just, he's so good.


Creating an energy of fun. And Mark too is just fucking like, crushing and like seeing them go up there and like really lay in. Yeah. Like hearing it before I go up. Yeah. Like that's, that's a fun thing. Like I'll be locked in my room, but then when I come out like a few minutes before Yeah. And just hearing them light up. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta take strong eyes, man. Yeah. And it's the, the people have the weird fear of being eclipsed. That's the thing. It's fear of being eclipsed while you're opening act, but You'll get better. Get better. You're good. Just get better. Like you're headlining. Like you're clearly good at this and it's gonna make you better when these guys bust your fucking ass sometimes. Yeah. Maybe you're not working as hard as you should be working. Maybe you're not at your best And nothing will make you work hard than being embarrassed.


Right. Also, I don't know how you operate, but for me, I'm funnier if I'm having fun. Mm. So if I'm hanging out with, you know, Ari and Duncan and Joey and we're all doing a show together. Yeah. We are laughing our fucking ass off. And that comes out on stage and you loose and you're ready to get goofy. Yeah. And I'm laughing at Joey before I even go on stage. Yeah. I'm sitting there laughing at his act before I get up there. So I go up there, I'm already in a great fucking mood. Yeah. And the audience feels like they didn't get robbed. You Know, you didn't like throw some scrub up there for 20 minutes just to fill time. So you go look like a superhero. That's a Yeah. It's like they're paying money, man. I, I keep thinking about that. Like, all these people that come out to a show, it's not just the ticket price.


Right. It's the babysitter, it's everything. It's the Uber, it's the dinner. Like this is an expensive fucking knife for them. Yeah. And They're looking forward to it. You might only get one date night a week. Especially if you have family. You know? Bro, I was in, I was in not Seattle, like, what's the other one in Washington? It's not Tacoma. Something more inland. Forget there's a comedy club out there. Spokane. Spokane. This is years ago. And I did a show and like a couple came up afterwards and they were like, this is our first night out in eight years. Whoa. And I think about that every single time before I've on stage. That's a good thing to think about. That's a good thing to think about.


Yeah. Like those people that are like, really, but you don't take things for granted anyway. You know. No. Some, some people get a little sloppy. You get a little loose and you take things for granted. I no man, I, We were talking about that on stage or in the green room the other night. Woody was backstage like, you guys get nervous. I'm like, I get nervous for every show. If I don't get nervous, I don't do as good. I get nervous. I get nervous for everything. Important. Yeah. And every show's important. Yeah. Like, it's not important. Like my life depends on it. Yeah. But it's important. Like it's important to me. Yeah. It's important to the audience. Like I want to do it right. Yeah. So I wanna figure out what I'm working on. I wanna sit up. I'm like, I gotta be loose with this 'cause this is, this thing's still in development. Yeah. So let's fuck around with that a little bit. Yeah. But we're gonna bring it back with this.


And I'm going over my phone when I'm sitting back there before I go up there. I'm ready. Yeah. You care If you don't do that. I don't think you ever, you achieve what you're trying to achieve. Yeah. I feel like sometimes people like, I don't know if they pretend to not care or maybe like they think not caring is cool. Yeah. That's What it is. Caring is caring's cool. Like I, I I really care and I've worked really hard and I, I think that you should work really hard. I wanna make really great stuff I'm proud of and I don't wanna just be like, oh, it's fucking gay to care. It's like, no, it's not gay to care. It's gay. It's not gay to like have people come out and spend a lot of money and then you just fucking flop on stage and don't give a fuck. Right. It's care to like, it, it is cool to like try to give them the best possible show. Yeah. You know? That's cool. Yeah. It's Like that's cool. Yeah.


It just is a thing because you do care so you try to pretend you don't because the cooler people don't care. The koo cooler people could just bomb. I remember I watched Bill Hicks bomb once and I was so god damn impressed. Really? I was so, I was so impressed. First of all, he was very funny, but the stuff that he was talking about was so out there. Yeah. He went on, there was this comedian very nice guy who went on before Bill Hicks. Yeah. His, his, his thing was Comic on a Harley. That was his name. Like his thing. Okay. I forget it. Larry something. Comic on a Harley. Nice guy. Funny guy. Yeah. But he did like a lot of stuff about like Bugs Bunny, smoking weed, like real simple stuff. Like, but it like, made people laugh. Cops and donuts like, like cliche shit.


Yeah. But good. Like, and and killed. Yeah. And like, just good enough for this blue collar crowd at Nick's comedy stop. Yeah. And then Bill Hicks goes on stage and he's smoking a cigarette and he's talking about, I, I came here to fill you up with ideas you couldn't possibly imagine on your own. Like, And, and, And then being, yeah. How did the Boston crowd take that? Oh, they didn't take it good at all. He, he didn't just bomb. He cleared the room. Yeah. And he was doing this bit where Satan has sex with John Davidson, who is the host of That's incredible.


Like Satan is fucking John Davidson. Okay. And then impregnates him and then he shits out. I forget who. He shits out like different people at different times. But he's like, he's sitting on a toilet on stage pretending he's sitting on a toilet grunting. Like, and then he looks up in the middle like, people are getting up in droves. I goes, nah, this generally clears the room. And it like cuts right back to it. But I mean, never lost his timing. Right. Never lost his composure. And it wasn't that it wasn't funny. It was me and Fit Simmons were in the back of the room. Me and Fit Simmons were, you Knew Greg from back in Boston. Greg and I started a week apart from each other.


Get Outta Here. We've been friends since we were like, I was 21. I think he was 22 or 23. Yeah. Yeah. We've been friends from the very, very beginning. Yeah. Wow. So Greg and I were both open Micers at the time and we just knew that Hicks was coming. We wanted to watch. Yeah. And we sat in the back of the room. We were fucking crying. Yeah. Crying, laughing. So there was like 50 people left. Yeah. 10 comics, 40 savages. They just thought this guy was genius. Yeah. And then the other 200 plus people, they all left. Left. Wow. They all Left. 200 is crazy to leave, Bro. It was a, it was a bloodbath. Like half the crowd. More than half the crowd left. Yeah. No, it was like three quarters of the crowd Probably. That's a, that's a large percentage.


It was a large percentage. There wasn't much left. But Fitz Simmons and I fondly talk about that day. Like he never lost his cool. He almost like he, I don't know when he knew he had pancreatic cancer. 'cause he died a few years later. Mm. But he kind of seemed like a guy that whatever the fear of bombing and whatever, this thing of failure that wasn't on his mind. Hmm. It didn't bother him. I Was like, yeah, when you have limited time, that's not, I wonder if that's what it was. I don't know if he knew already. Yeah. But he was so calm up there. Yeah. You Know, but funny. Very funny. Yeah. But just he changed the way people wanted to do comedy.


Yeah. 'cause everybody after that wanted to be profound. Yes. Nobody Wanted To be profound before that. Yeah. They just wanted to get big laughs. Yeah. Then all of a sudden everybody wanted to be profound. Yeah. You know, it was interesting, like he became like this poet. Yeah. You know, you see trends like that pop up. Oh yeah. Stylistically, people are so influential that like, it changes the way people do their comedy. And it's tricky because like, you can only be great at the thing you do. That's how I feel at least about it. Like Yeah. If you are profound and then profound comedy is popular, then you'll be really good at it. But if you're silly goose Right. It's not worth trying to be profound. Right. Right, Right. Because you being silly is gonna be the best version of you.


And the people will appreciate that the most. Also, you can't trick people They know. Even even if they're not aware of it. They know. They Know something's off. Yeah. Something's off. That's the, The honesty in it. Yeah. There's brutal honesty in it. Like we could, and sometimes they'll even laugh, but they know that you're lying. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, like They know that it's not real and like it exists for maybe 10, 15 minutes, but like, I think it kind of gets exposed once you get into those hour long sets. It can For sure. Yeah. You Gotta be, you gotta be who you are. Right? Yeah. And it has to, it has to gel together with you. You have to be into what you're doing. If you're not into what you're doing, you can't say the same words with the same inflection, without the same mindset.


Like, if your mindset is off, they fucking know man. It doesn't matter what your timing is. They know. They know you're not locked in. So they're not locked in. Yeah. Like, how come you didn't bring me in? You know? Yeah. Like when someone's, like, last night when Holtzman was killing and me and Shane were laughing, we were locked into whatever this psychopath was talking about. Yeah. He was talking about drowning people. I was like, he's like, he's so out of his fucking mind. It was so funny. Yeah. It was so funny. But you give them that long, you, You let 'em take your mind for a Ride if it's real to them. Yeah. I think that's the thing about Joey that I've, I've always admired is like, it's, it's pure, it's authentic. Like, You can kind of get away with whatever you want if it's pure. Yeah. And when we know you're faking and, and you're doing something that makes me feel uncomfortable, now I'm double uncomfortable.


Right. I can be uncomfortable if it's real to you. Yeah. Like, I can, I can sustain that. Like, you might be talking about some shit that makes me feel a little weird, but it's real to you. So I go, okay, I'm gonna rock with you on this. This is a pure version of, of your art. But Yeah. You don't wanna lie to people, man. Yeah. Also, if you do it, then you're stuck. Now. That's how you do art. Yeah. You lie to people. Yeah. So you're always trying to like concoct some new fucking weird version of yourself. What's, what's, what's, what's gonna sell more? You're a pop music star now. What do you do? Yeah. Yeah. Like what do you, that's what you're like, you're like doing pop music comedy.


But there are, Yeah. There are people that like get attached to what works. Yeah. And then they can't run away. They're like scared to run away from it. And I kind of empathy for it. 'cause it's like, you probably struggle for so long. You find something that works and you're like, okay, finally I'm able to make some money. Finally. I'm able to have some security. But you've, you gotta keep growing past it. You know? I think generally those people are self-obsessed too, in a bad way where they think about themselves and success rather than the thing they're doing. Yeah. Like what is the thing I'm doing? Yeah. The thing I'm doing is I'm trying to create something that's good. That works. Yeah. I'm trying to make it the best version of whatever fuck it is. Yeah. So how do I do that? You can't be thinking about yourself and do that. That's why thieves can't write. Yeah. Because yeah.


The the mind mentality being a thief is I want that idea for myself. Yeah. It's not like, how Does it, I wanna create. Yeah. You're not addictive to creating. Right. Which is like the coolest part about this. Yes. You get to create whatever the fuck we want. And if you get to a point, like luckily where you get a couple bucks in the bank, those creations should be even more specific to you. Yeah. Right. Because you're not doing it so you can buy another house. Right. Right. Like you're doing it 'cause you truly spent 20 years of your life trying to get good at something and then you can create whatever the fuck you want. And also those g those new things, those new things that pop out, they feel like gifts from the universe. Like a new bit. That's a banger. It's like, where did this come from? This came from the Universe.


That shit exists before you. That's what I always try to say. Comedy is there and then we stumble. You gotta find it. Yes. Yeah. You gotta find it. You're not, you're not making it. And when you're making it, it, it feels too contrived. But the comedy exists. Probably got pee so bad. Let's do, let, let's pause. Pause real quick. Yeah. We're right back and pee. Are we back in? Yeah, We're back dog. We're Back. Yeah. Comedy's great. Comedy's the best job on earth for us. It really is for us. You know? Yeah. I was trying to talk Woody into doing it last night. I mean, because He was thinking about it. 'cause apparently he had, I said, I will 100% help you. He goes, would you really? I go 100%. I go, if you wanna do comedy, I I'll get you time. I'll, I'll we'll work with you on material. I'll get guys to help you.


I'll work with you. Yeah. Look, this you could totally do it. Yeah. I If you could do that monologue on snl. Yeah. You can do standup. Yeah. You can do standup. Brave for that monologue. Yeah. He's a brave guy. Yeah. Because he has a lot to lose perception wise. Like, maybe he doesn't care, but that's where like bravery comes in. Like when you got nothing to lose, it's like, yeah. You can kind of say whatever the fuck you want. It doesn't really matter. He's kind of grandfathered in. Oh really? He's Woody Harrelson. But you don't think it could affect him at all? Like his Standing? Yeah, it could, but I don't think anymore. I think the world's kind of woken up the, the fact that first of all he's accurate. Like, you really can't attack what he's saying. Yeah. Yeah. You know, so like, you, you don't think he should be saying it. Yeah. Okay. Well that's kind of debatable.


Yeah. And that's on you. Yeah. I think you can say whatever the fuck he wants in that regard. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Because it's like, at this point it's like, who, who doesn't think he's accurate? Yeah. Like you're in denial if you don't think he's accurate. This is a problem that Democrats have right now. What's that? Is that the Trump administration, what they're uncovering with Doge, like all this waste and fraud and abuse, whatever, whatever you wanna categorize it as. And I'm sure there's a bunch of things that fall into different categories. Yeah. But the, the Democrats aren't acknowledging that it's a problem at all. Well, they're not saying when you find this building in San Antonio that they spent $2 billion on it, it's completely empty and it's getting, you know, a million dollars a month or whatever the fuck it's getting and where's that money going?


Yeah. The tricky thing about this, the Doge thing is like, like there, I don't think there's any American out there that is supportive of waste, fraud and corruption. It should be a bipartisan issue. Right. Right. Like, it's a very easy thing to get on board with. Right. And this is where I feel like, I feel like Elon's being a little antagonistic. I have a lot of respect for Elon, don't get me wrong, but like, it's becoming easier to be a bipartisan issue in the way that it's communicated. Whereas like having that like political decorum, like having that ability to pull everybody into this thing might be a little bit more effective on an issue that we can all get behind.


There's no American that wants waste, fraud and corruption. I hate that this is becoming bipartisan. Mm. It it drives me fucking crazy because on the surface, nobody wants the waste. Right. Like both democrats should be this shouldn't be, they shouldn't be booing or whatever the fuck was happening at that like hearing last night, even hearing he was like addressing the Senate. Right. This shouldn't be state of union shouldn. It should be everybody going, Hey, we agree. This is fucked up. This is happening in some of our regions or whatever it is. Like where you're responsible for those constituents. What's that called? Your, if you're a congressman, your, your district. Your district. We need to be better about this. We need to fix this. We gotta take this on the chin. Yeah. And we agree. And it could be this great revolution in America that could really support everybody.


And it's become this fucking bipartisan issue. And I understand there's like a lot of currency and like making the opposition look radioactive. I get that. But this is where you wish that there was like this, some sort of masterful communication version of this instead of a little bit more of like this, like putting the knife in and twisting it a little. Yeah. No, I agree. I agree on both sides. I think people are really foolish spending all their time just attacking the ideas of the other party instead of promoting really good ideas of your own. Amen. And the thing about this whole Doge thing is it's such a lightning rod and one, one of the reasons why it's such a lightning rod is 'cause these politicians are being pressured to try to keep a lot of the spending.


Because a lot of the spending is, it's all shenanigans. It's moving around to thousands of different NGOs. And you're talking about billions and billions and billions of dollars that were going somewhere. So as people were profiting people were people had jobs and they want to keep all those jobs. They wanna keep that money flowing in even the bullshit money as much as they can. So there's fucking court orders and there's lawsuits and there's the Supreme Court just stopped a $1.9 billion freeze on something. There's something that just came up. It was today. So there's like legal battles about all this stuff. You're you're going to have a lot of confusion in that regard. But I think it's important, one of the things they're doing is they're highlighting the ridiculous things.


Like they're highlighting the $250 million on a transgender animal studies. Yeah. 4.7 trillion that they can't account for the Way that he was saying it. Did you watch it? I mean, it's hilarious. I did. Oh, you gotta watch him talk about it. It's, I'm, I'm sure it's amazing and I will, I will watch it. I just didn't have, I was busy last night. But it's like, it's, there's also a way to, to really clearly express to people that there's legitimate use for aid and that this isn't really usaid, it's UU United States Agency for International Development. Hmm. If you're worried about foreign aid, I fully, completely agree. We should spend money in third world countries building wells.


We should spend money Yeah. Trying to get food to, to poor people should And that's not What this program Is designed to do. Right. That's not what this is about. Yeah. And if it's about like this is exercising soft power care for people and, and providing free clinics for people and impoverished areas. Yeah. We should spend on that. But also that's not where this money's going. A lot of this is regime overthrowing money. Yeah. This is regime change money. A lot of this is like money that's being propped up. They're sending money the Taliban every fucking week. Right. Like this is crazy. Yeah. Like you have to understand what this really is. So what we have to do, I think as Americans is look, you got a president. He's your president whether you like it or not as your president for four years, let's hope he does a great job. Yeah. Wouldn't you want him to do the great job?


Yeah. He's the captain of the ship. I don't want hit the rocks. Yeah. Let's hope he gets us into a beautiful harbor. Absolutely. So together that doesn't mean the Democrats can't win in four years, but you can't win doing this. You can can't win all saying this shit ain't right. Yeah. And then all of you say the exact same thing. Yeah. Well now I know who's on the take. Yeah. Now I know who's got the script. Yeah. Now I know who doesn't have a fucking mind of their own. Yeah. You have to read the script that whatever corporate daddy filed onto your desk, it's Think tank politics. They need A real leader. And those real leaders are all pussy hounds and they're all gonna, that's the problem. They all got skeletons.


Yeah. It's gotta come from outside. Yeah. I wonder like, or they gotta Be a guy like Trump who could take the hits That's, and And, and keep on trucking. You need to have like a very strong constitution to do that. I Don't understand his constitution. What Do you mean you go through the same shit? Yeah. But his is beyond They shot him, dude. Yeah. They haven't shot you yet. Not only did they shoot him yet, Not Only did they perform inside, that's the problem. Yeah. That's part of the problem. Yeah. But not only did they shoot him, but people forgot about it in two weeks. Yeah. And to this day, Right. Moving right along. He didn't get shot enough to this day. Like people were talking about his ear. Oh yeah. They're like, oh, but it doesn't look that shot. And it's like, there's So many people that think that he rigged it, that he did it on purpose.


That he staged it. Yeah. He staged a bullet coming up, nicking His ear. Come on. Like they don't understand accuracy. Come on. Especially with iron sights, You know, he didn't even have, does that mean a scope on the rifle? So iron, Do You know what iron sight are? No. Okay. So like say if you have a pistol Yeah. And the back of the pistol where the handle is. Yeah. There's these Oh, the little thing that you're supposed to look through. Yeah. And then there's a little post Yeah. At the front and you line the two of them up like that. Yeah. And you're shooting 140 yards with iron sight. Yeah. Like you can't just nick someone's ear. Yeah. You'll hit their fucking head. Yeah. You'll blow their brains out. Yeah. Accidentally. How much Do you have to account for gravity at that distance? You don't. Okay. You don't. That's really short. That's a short distance. That's why you can like put the post on it.


If you wanted to go long distance, then you would want a scope. You want a high powered scope and then you would also use ballistic software. What is that? So ballistic software is like you would apply like there, there's like a watch that has it built in actually the Garmin tactics X Okay. Tactics eight rather. Shout out Garin. So you, you would take this ballistic software, you calculate the distance. So there's a, you would use a range finder thera, which he had by the way. He had a fucking, he was walking around with a range finder before the, they saw him with a rangefinder. They didn't even arrest him. Somebody let him on that roof. They fucking gave him that gun. That's what I think the rangefinder would say. Yeah. Oh, 500 yards. Yeah. So then you would set your site for 500 yards, you Know, and then adjust accordingly when you're looking.


Yeah, yeah. That makes sense. So Your your your your your application. Yeah. With some scopes you can actually sync up your scope with your app. So it'll put the redle, it'll put the cross hairs exactly where you need to aim For the bullet to drop. Exactly. Exactly. Got it. That makes sense. So the redle does the, the X would move up and down accordingly. Yeah, exactly. But at that distance, you're saying that there isn't too much? No, there's no, and he's also elevated. It's a straight shot. Yeah. It's a pretty fair, I mean maybe a very slight drop because it's only like a, a millisecond. Yeah. Before it hits him. It's a very slight drop at that. But when you get to like significant distances, like 400 yards. Yeah. 500 yards.


It it, it's a factor. Yeah. Like you hold high. Like say if you have, What does that mean? Hold high. So if you're zeroed, say if I'm shooting a deer and my rifle's zeroed at a hundred yards, that means at a hundred yards it shoots exactly where that crosshairs is. But but the deer's 300 yards a hold at the top of his back. 'cause you know it's gonna come down know it's gonna drop. This is with bows or this is with Bose? No, it's with a rifle With and then with bows, I imagine it's even more With bows, it's, you have to be very, very sure because there's so much drop. There's so much drop. Yeah. Yeah. There's so much drop. Like I have a range finder that's not just a range finder. It's called a full draw. It's a loophole full draw five.


And what it does is it doesn't just put the redle and tell me the exact distance since I'm not aiming with this, this is just giving me the distance. But it also shows me a line where the peak of the arrow height is because the arrow arcs. Right? Yeah. Yeah. So what I'm doing is I'm shooting through trees sometimes like I'm trying to shoot an animal and I'm shooting through a gap in the trees. So you have to make sure that on the drop it passes through that gap in the tree. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Like you, like there's a video of me hunting with Cam. We were hunting in Utah. Okay. And it was for Under Armour back when he was with Under Armour. Yeah. And I had to shoot this elk through trees.


I threw, shot it through like it's a video. You can see the arrow go right through this whole, it's among about probably the one beautiful shots I've ever made. Yeah. And I made it on camera 'cause I was kind of freaking out. I gotta have a hunt on camera. Yeah. Yeah. Like hunting is a big thing for a celebrity to be doing. You're hunting. Yeah. But you're also gonna hunt on camera and you're gonna hunt on camera with a bow and arrow. Yeah. So I was like super locked in. Yeah. And it was just, it was perfect. It was just magical how that arrow went right through this gap. Yeah. Just thread the needle And what Right in the heart. It was perfect. It was perfect shot. Like exactly where you wrong. Right behind the shoulder. Right up here. It was like double lungs in the top of the heart. Ooh, Fuck.


Ooh. And then you gotta carry that bitch. Yeah. Well you gotta chop it up first. You're not carrying it. It's too big. That's the thing. That's the thing that, like I never accounted for. I was watching, I don't know if it was some video you posted or maybe it was Cam, but like I always thought about the hunting part. Like, okay, let's find it, let's track it, let's shoot it. But I never thought about getting home with All the meat. Oh yeah man, That seems so, It's very hard. Brutal. And what, what we do is way easier than what some guys do. Some guys do public land, solo backpack, elk hunting. So They're throwing the shit in the backpack. They Have a pack. So they'll take like a pack, like a great pack is like XO, mountain gear.


So a great company that makes packs and they have different frames based on your height. It's all made to, so you can carry a lot of weight on your body. Yeah. A lot of it sits on your hips. Yeah. And it's all like, like oh, Displaces the weight. So you're not just getting Dragged geniusly. And if you say pull up like xo, mountain gear backpacks, like they have specific packs that are designed so You can carry a hundred pounds on your back. Right. Like as comfortably as You can. But it's fucking brutal. Yeah. It's like so, so these guys might hike in. Yeah. I'm not no bullshit That Miles. Right. So so that's what it looks like. Yeah. So see all these packs. So get the picture of those guys when they have it on their back. Jamie The one above that. Yeah, that one right there.


Yeah. So that's what it would look like for two dudes who are carrying their whole camp on their back. Yeah. So they probably have their tent in there. They have their sleeping bag in there. They have food in there for a week. Like you, you got freeze dried food. Generally speaking guys bring like mount like Yeah, there's a bunch of different meals. Like mountain obs or not, not Mountain obs. Like there's a bunch of different companies. So like, this is a guy like carrying an elk quarter on his back. Yeah. Yeah. That motherfucker probably has a hundred pounds on his back right now because he has his bag in his pack, which is probably 50 pounds. And then he has a giant ass elk leg on his back. Alright. So is there ever like a distance that they deemed too far? Because walking back with the elk, it wouldn't be worth it.


So like I imagine you're tracking for a while. It's not like you just walk in and they're All the elks. Right. You have to find them. Yeah. Well you can get lucky and find 'em a couple of miles in and that's, that's pretty nice. But is There point where you go, I'm not going more than five because five back carrying the elk would be too Difficult. Yeah. Some guys do that, but some guys are hard fucking horrible. Like they'll kill an elk 25 miles in and spend three days bringing it back. So, And now you have elk carcass, you have All the other animals that also You gotta string it up. Die elk a tree, you string it up in a tree. Got it. Yeah. So getting it, it's like, oh, what is that old man in the sea? Is that the book where like he, he gets the, he finally hunts and gets this big fish, but fish, but he's gotta bring it back and by the time he brings it back, it's just like a skeleton.


Nobody believes he got this amazing big fish. Oh. But like, I can't, like you don't ever think about the journey back. Yeah. That seems almost more stressful. Well, the the right, the best way to do it, the back country, if you have the money is horses. They they, they have horses take you back there and the the horses will pack or mules. Yeah. So you can pack them up with them. They Yeah. They they'll keep your camp on their back. Yeah. Right. And you, you'll have like several, like a train of 'em. Yeah. And then you could load them up with like elk quarters and, and take them back. And for them it ain't shit, it's Thousands of pounds. Right? Like, Well it's not really at the end. How much is it elk? It's about 400 pounds of meat. Oh. 'cause you're leaving the bones and everything.


You're leaving a lot skin it, you cut it up and then Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you gotta take some of the bones. Like you want a rib. Right. Like there's, if they're cooking These things, you could have ribs. Most guys, like most guys cut the rib meat out out of the ribs and you grind it and make hamburger or You know, chili out of it or things like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cam, he, he like makes strips and then chops those strips up like You can, there's a lot of different things you can do with, with rib meat. It's pretty tender. It's good. It's real good when you cook 'em like slow over a fire though. It's not, it, it's not the most tender meat. Like when slow over a, when you cook 'em over a fire, it can get pretty tough unless you do it like real low and slow. Like smoking it almost like they would do a barbecue.


Yeah. But it makes great hamburger. But like the real, the the, the the what everybody really loves is like the backstrap. That's that, that's like essentially that'd be like the filet the File. Right. Yeah. And the tenderloin and the, and then the quarters you make great steaks and you can make What do these guys do when they age out of this? Like what is hunting? Yeah. You try not to keep working out But like, like an NBA player eventually reaches the end of his professional playing a ability. You might play it in a gym, but like what, what does a cam do at like 75? Well he hunts He'll still be bow hunting at 75, a Hundred percent hunt a different thing. No, no. He'll be doing the same thing. I think there's Physical limitations.


I imagine there Are, but not as much anymore. Not, not you can with like carry hormone replacement and weightlifting. Got it. Got it. You You know, like guys like me didn't exist 30 years ago. Like 57-year-old jack dudes. Yeah. They didn't exist. Yeah. By the time you got 57, all that shit's gone. Yeah. And all that shit goes away. I I still have 30-year-old arms. They're still legit. They work, they work real good. Everything works real good. Yeah. But you have to, You know, maintain yourself, take care of yourself and if there's something like that that you care about, you know, like I have a friend Brendan Burns, he runs KU u it's like a huge outdoor clothing company.


He's a hardcore bow hunter. Yeah. One of the best bow hunters in the world. Was a big time college wrestler. Like a great athlete. Yeah. Won't even try jiujitsu. 'cause he's wanna hurt himself for hunting. It's like hunting is everything I built around Everything. He's like, I'm not skiing, I'm not fucking around. Fuck that. I feel like that's my whole workout regimen is just so I could play this sport called paddle. It's not pickleball, it's called paddle. What is This? What is This? It's a racket sport that I'm serious actually obsessed with. I swear to God. It started in Acapulco, Mexico and then it goes to Spain and it gets blow blown up there. And it's essentially like squash and tennis mixed together. So there's, there's there's walls. There's like this glass wall on the back and these like fences on the side. Have you Heard of this Jamie? Yeah, I played With him.


Yeah, we played. I'm dragged him out, bro. It is really fun. It is the most obsessed, it's the fastest growing sport in the world right now. It will take over tennis. Are You a spokesperson for Paddle? Is that What's going on? I probably am the only person that is talking about at this level. Look at you. This is me. Yeah, this is, this is shout out Paddle house in New York. They got one in Williamsburg and one in Brooklyn. And this is the Game. This is the, I'm so bad. Are you Play with tennis? Unbelievable. So you play with a deflated tennis ball wall. Huh? So what essentially what it is, you gotta show highlights. 'cause I I'm so fucking horrible that it's not gonna do it justice. But the the idea behind it is, at least for me is there's always hope. So the ball gets past you in tennis. You're cooked the ball gets past you in paddle, it bounces off that back wall and you're playing it off the back wall.


So you're never fully out of the game. Oh. And you're constantly It's my, it is the only thing outside of like surfing and boxing and then comedy where I'm not, look at this What it is. That guy went out the door. Oh You're allowed to leave and go get it. Yeah. I mean it's just, dude, I was down in Miami. There's thing called the reserve cup. Shout out reserve also. Well, how do I not know about this? This Is the, I'm telling you, this will extend my life by God bless 10, 20 years. Really? Also, you gotta watch the chicks play. 'cause they don't have the power to smack it out. So it's just pure skill and And cleverness. Yeah, exactly. And placement. Everything is placement. It's delicate placement.


So what they're trying to do is, oh wow. I'm telling you is unbelievable. And everybody that's playing tennis and squash and all these other racket sports is starting to convert to this. Really? Yes. Tennis. Everybody from tennis is coming over now I'm talking, I'm talking to the professionals. I'm talking about like people that played like in college or whatever. Really? And now they're starting to come over to this like Miami, they're obsessed in Europe. They're completely obsessed. Like you go to like Sweden, there's like thousands, like all like Christiana Ronaldo and All the soccer guys are all playing it. They own the facilities. How the fuck am I just found out about this for the first time. You Guys got one here. What's it called? They just built one. Yeah, it's a paddle club Austin or something. Something Like that. But it's just, it is, I'm upset. Oh, It's just never ending. Dude. I take lessons.


This guy Just ran outside the arena. Yeah, that is crazy. But the fact that there's hope, the fact is like, it's not just brute strength. There's that little guy that was playing on the right, right there, Otto is this guy's like five foot three and he's so skilled and since it's not, he's not in this court, but that, that guy Tapia is the best in the world. You know, All the players. I'm obsessed with this in the way that you're obsessed with Juujitsu. I know. Can't believe I'm just finding out about this right Now, bro. I play with the, I got to play with some of these guys. Really? And they toy with me. Like they'll just bring me up to the net on drop shots and then bring me back to the end and they're, I'm just running around like a little bitch. But it's like, these guys to me are like Michael Jordan or like LeBron James.


Like I, I get like giddy around them. I'm so excited. And like I'm telling you, I I, I'm taking lessons once a week. Shout with my boy Lucho in New York. The best fucking instructor on the planet right now. He works at Paddle House is incredible. Wow. Wow. You're taking lessons. I'm playing three or four times a week. It's like everything. What? Yeah. It's his, my whole workout regimen is built around making sure that my shoulder is okay. So I can play entire dedication to this. The only thing I've been obsessed like with this about is, is standup comedy. Wow. It's the only thing. And I have no racket sport background. I never played tennis growing up. Like I grew up in the city, went to public school. It Does look fun, dude. It's At, look at it. You can run outside. It's just, That's so crazy that you run outside.


That's The point isn't over. Right. You know what I mean? There's always hope. Like, and that's the beauty of like, you're like a really competitive person when you play against someone who's got more strength than you. Even like when I would like box and shit like that. Like somebody who was just bet like he was eventually if they can connect, it's over. And like even in this, in power, you can mitigate their power. You can move them around the court. Mm. There are guys that are way better than me at tennis, squash and all these other things. But strategically in this game, if you don't hit it out, I got a chance. Wow. And it just, You should do commentary. Dude. I was telling the guys, see what I do for the ufc. I literally told the guys, dude, I was telling Wayne, who, who owns Reserve man, shout Wayne. And I was like, I know you have your guys doing it, but like, dude, I am obsessed with this like Joe is with with with the UFC and MMA.


Like, I, you don't need to pay me. Like, I just wanna talk about the sport. Like I wanna build this fucking thing up. How do we build this up? Wow. And I literally thought about You. I've never seen you like this before, Bro. I get ex dude, it drives my wife crazy. Like I go to fucking brunch on a Sunday and me and my boy Jason are just talking about our paddle games this week. Oh no dude. It's my boy Jason just hit me up and he is like, listen, I know you got the special and everything going out, but my calf is feeling better. So we got a game Wednesday and I'm like, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm ready. I'm I That's crazy. It is the coolest. It's it's just the coolest thing. Wow. I know you don't fuck with team sports, but this is, it looks fun. Ah, it's just, it Definitely looks fun. It's great. It's great. Yeah. Jamie's a little sneaky athlete. Oh, Jamie's a good basketball player.


But even tennis too. You see Jamie sync Threes? Yeah. He's, he's sneaky. We had a little fun. You see him play golf? He, he's a motherfucker with the drive. He's got that simulator in the back. What's your, your house, what's the furthest here? Right here We have in the garage. What's the furthest you ever whacked one of those on that? I mean That, I don't know far. 300 yards, whatever. Oh wow. You're like a legit Dude. His swing is let legit, you should have seen Brian Cowen trying to swing after Jamie. It was comical. 'cause I'm behind him talking mad shit. I just, I'm like, I just, you ain't Beat Jamie bitch, Bro. The, the, the joy that must've come to you watching Jamie smoke Callen.


Oh it was so much fun. It was so much fun. Anyway. Yeah. It was joyful. I'm so obsessed with it. Like That's incredible. Even Now, like just the idea that Paddle was spoken about on the Rogan podcast is just crazy. How about you told me about it. I never even knew it was a thing. Oh dude. If someone brought it up to me, I'd be like, that's bullshit. That's not real dude. It is real. And these guys are starting to make money now. Like the pro the top guys are starting to make like, you know, decent amount of money that Looks like ESBN for sure. Like that looks like something. Oh look, I had Kamo there. Oh, Doesn't Kamar have really fucked up knees? Don't ruin his knees, bro. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, but he played pickleball 'cause he is down there in Miami. We, his Knees are so fucked up. Yeah. It's, it's, It's tricky. I hope that if, if stem cell technology advances, if they, you know, the FDA finally allows people to have the same kind of stem cells in America that they do in Columbia and Mexico, Norway, or is it Sweden?


Where's like the, where's like the other place that they do it? I don't know If you wanna get some bougie, if you want the white stem cells. I Mean it's like Norway that they're harvesting them. Well the places that I know of are the big one is the CPI in Tijuana. That's one of the best in the world. Okay. And that place is, they have a partnership with the UFC. They send a lot of the athletes down there. Oh really? And there's another place in Columbia Bio Accelerator, there's An island in the Caribbean that they do it too. That they like bring a, they bring the, they like fly in the medical office essentially for the week or two week periods. Oh, okay. Yeah. And then they have like stem cells that have been harvested in someplace. And my neighbor, my neighbor did that.


So I forget which island it is, but, Well, there's Panama too. Neil Reid Rearden, Dr. Neil Rearden, who's really, he's written so many books and papers on the benefits Cell. Have you done the stem cells? Stem Cell? I've done a shit load of 'em. Yeah. And And what is the like immediate impact? Oh, it heal, it heals soft tissue. Way better than anything else that I've ever used before. So Like what, for example, what injury did you have that you felt The biggest one I've talked about before, I apologize if you've heard this before. People, I had a rotator cuff tear, a full length rotator cuff tear. And went to a doctor, went to the UFC's doctor, they sent me to orthopedic surgeon. He looks at my MRI, you can't believe I can do anything. He says, I can't believe you can do anything with this shoulder. Like this is you, you have a full length rot, rotator cuff tear.


But he does All the stuff with me, like push down, push up. And he goes like, you're pretty functional. He, and he goes, I think it's probably 'cause you have a lot of muscle around the joint, but he goes, but you're gonna need surgery. He goes, you can try to rehab it, but you're gonna need surgery. I go, really gonna need surgery. He goes, yeah. I go, am I ruining my shoulder by not having surgery? He's like, potentially. He's like, you know, try your best rehab, put it off as much as you want, but you're gonna need surgery. So then I go to Dr. Roddy McGee in Vegas, and this was years ago. He's doing stem cells with the UFC athletes. He's a bunch of different people. He is like, well we could try it. And I think the stem cells I got them actually aren't even available anymore because they were too good.


So they inject it in my shoulder and then after a couple weeks it feels pretty fucking good. And then I rehab it. I'm doing like bands and all sorts of different stuff. I get it to the point where it starts feeling good. I start with light. Like light kettlebells. Yep. He's feeling pretty good. I go back to him six months later, he does an MR mri. He says, this is the most astounding thing I've ever seen in all my years of being an orthopedic surgeon. He goes, the tear is gone. Like you, this rot, this full length rotator cuff tear that was gonna need surgery doesn't exist anymore. Like when I say like my shoulder is better, I mean it doesn't bother me at all. Like at all. I do everything. I hit the bag. I wow.


I do kettlebells with 70 pounds. I do swings and curls and cleans and presses. Zero pain. Not, not a, not a one thing. Like man, maybe I shouldn't be doing this. It like feels a hundred percent oof normal. Yeah. Yeah. And all stem cells, like I should, I could have got cut with a Sling and then you're done. Didn't do any of that. There's a, I have a shoulder, a little bit of shoulder issue actually. I'm curious if this stem cells 100% I'll bring you to waist to Well that's in Austin. Yeah. Listen man, they've, they've healed so many people that I'm friends with. So many guys I know. Like minimal scapular movement. I think that was the issue. So I was making up for the fact that my scapula doesn't move that much with just stretching out the muscles around it.


Mm. Does that make sense? So like you're, I guess that the scapula is this bone here, The scapula, is that the one that kind of like hangs off? Yeah. And like that's supposed to move up with your arm when you extend it And it was staying there, but I was still moving my arm. So I'm stretching all I guess the muscles or tendons or whatever. What had happen To your scapula that made it freeze like that? I don't know. Like some, I was told that I might have like a small tear in the rotator cuff. Like do You hang, do you ever hang from your hands? I Mean I would do, I do like pull-ups as part of like a, my, you know, exercise routine when I'm doing any of pull-ups, Body pull ups a great exercise. But hanging is great for shoulder health. So what I do every day for at least a minute, usually more, I usually do like a couple of sets of hangs before I do anything.


But like I'll do my warmups with like pushups and body weight squats. And then what I do is I chalk up my hands and I grab a hold of the bar and I just hang and I just try and I feel my back popping. Like it decompresses your back because your spine, like the weight of your hips and your legs is pulling on your spine for the first time. Normally life is pushing down on you gravity. Yeah. The weight of your body's pushing down. Wow. And now you're using gravity to pull it all out. Yes. So I do that. I hang that way and then I also do that decks. We have a, a machine out there Teeter the company that makes those things where you hang by your ankles. Yeah, I've seen it. They have a, a great one where you, it's called the decks. I like it better than the ankle one where you, you hinge at the hips and you fall forward and then you just, it's basically like your lower body and your hips are carrying like locking your weight in place and you're leaning forward so the full weight of your upper body is decompressing your back.


And I'll feel it going like ppu pup, I'll feel like little pops in my back and I stretch it and I move on that thing. And it's all just about keeping the, the spine pliable and keeping the range of motion in your spine but also in your shoulder joints. Yeah. It's one of the best things for shoulder joints is to just hang. And I'll hang with one arm. Sometimes I'll hang with both arms. Yeah. But I'm just like letting it all stretch out. So it stretches all your your the mobility of your shoulders huh? And creates space in there. Yeah. Allows everything to move freer. And then I'll do my chin ups. So I do my sets of chin ups. So That's your stretch essentially? Yes. Okay. Maybe I have to add that in.


Yeah. I Also stretch on a bar where I grab the bar and I turn like this and I get it like that. And I get like a deep stretch that way and I get a deep stretch the other way and I do These, I'll do that on my back on the ground. You should also do these things called, it's called crossover symmetry is these bands and they have varying resistance. Yeah. Like different colors or different strength and resistance. You don't even need a lot of resistance. The whole idea is just you're working the tendons and All the connective tissue and it's, you're just doing all these like different shoulder exercises. Yeah. Yeah. And so the, the cross like one is attached to a post over here and the other one's here. Yeah. So I'm doing these and I'm doing these and I'm doing, I'm pinning 'em against my arm and I'm doing it like that where I'm just working the rotator cuff muscles.


Yeah. And just, just to keep everything You're creating the torque on the joint. Yeah. Whereas like when you're lifting weight, You can kind of manipulate what part of your body is lifting. You can. Yeah. And that's how you get injured sometimes Too. Yeah. That's, I gotta do the, 'cause that's my biggest concern right now is, I mean, you know, to bring it back to your friend is is paddle. How do I play? That's so crazy. Like everything I do, I like, I do PT twice a week. Shout my boy Mike Helga. He's fucking great. You do PT Twice a Week. Yeah. It's like I'm lifting, but I'm with a guy who is a pt so if there is an issue we can Oh, I see, I see. I see. But he'll just take me through weightlifting if I'm feeling good. And if I'm not then we're doing some work. And Have you been able to increase the mobility of your scapula? Dude, my, my yes. And my shoulder was fucked before and he brought it back.


Him and him and this guy Kyle were like, don't do surgery. Like they, they were like, once you do surgery you're fucked. And so let's try to work this thing out by building muscle around it. Getting mobility into the joint and like they brought the shoulder back. Like this was before I ever played Pal. Well lemme say one thing real clear. That's not always true. I know a lot of people that have had successful shoulder surgery. Okay. And in some cases that's the only thing you can do to save Yourself. Yeah. Yeah. I mean there's like Yuri Prohaska, the U Ffc former light heavyweight champion. His his shoulder was blown apart. They had to put it back together again. They had to And there's incredibly effective. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. I mean that Jamal Hill fight. Unbelievable. Holy shit. Unbelievable. Holy shit. Yeah. So for a situation like that shoulder surgery was necessary.


His shit was torn apart. Yeah. You can't just heal that with stem cells, but there are things you can heal with stem cells. Yeah. And it, it definitely helps soft tissue injuries in a way. Like nothing else I've ever used. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's legit. And Brigham Bueller who's the CEO of waist? Well he's worked so hard on edge. He's been on this podcast a bunch of times and Tucker's podcast. A bunch of podcasts. Yeah. Just talking about all these different methods that are available Yeah. That are being stifled by the FDA. And that's the thing is like once you get something that you're addicted to, longevity, e exercise or regimens or whatever it is, are are very easy to do because you're not really doing it. So you can live to a hundred.


You're like, how do I play this thing next week? Right. And Right, right. And All the motivation comes from it. Yeah. It's really simple. Like, I actually can't wait to go do the pt, whatever it is because I'm like, okay, I have a game Wednesday and I wanna be good to play. It sounds ridiculous. I'm 41. I'm not going pro at this thing. But I love it so much that I would literally, I'm looking up the fucking BPC 1 57. I'm like, do I need the PEPs Yeah. The Wolverine shit that they say. Right? Yeah. And it's like, do I get that so I can recover faster? Yeah. I get that. Is it, have you tried that? It's legit. Super legit. I Recommended it to a buddy with no research. I was like, you should do this. And then a couple weeks later he is like, I'm on it. And I was like, did you look up? I'm not a doctor or anything. I mean he should look into this thing, but, but he said he did it for his, he, he got an ACL surgery and his doctor, he asked about it and his doctor goes, I take it.


Mm. Well that's a good doctor. 'cause I've had friends where I tell 'em about their doctors says, oh, you shouldn't do that. There's no studies. Which, That's the thing. I feel like there's like old guard guys that're a little bit hesitant to use some of the maybe newer technology. And I'm sure they have the reasons I'm not, I don't know more than them about the science, but there are these new technologies that can maybe extend our playing age. Again, I don't need to be a pro. Right. But I love this thing and I want to do it as much as I can. I wanna get as good as I possibly can. Yeah. It feels good to be getting better at something at this age. Well, Lemme tell you something. There's a reason why USADA didn't let people use it in the UFC. And now drug free sport also doesn't let people use it in the UFC. It's 'cause it works. It's In a minute.


Why would they not wouldn't, wouldn't it be advantageous for the athletes to be able to Recover? Exactly. It's really stupid. But the idea is that it's performance enhancing because it, it lets you heal quicker. So heal from injuries quicker, potentially heal from recovering from training quicker. And, And what would their argument, I mean the only argument I've heard is like it increases cell Group on fair. Well the idea is like keep everybody on a completely level playing field. How do you do that? No one's able to take anything. You can't take any performance enhancing sources Or make it accessible to all athletes. Well I think that are in the u Think that's the right way to do it. But the problem is that, okay, what peptides are we talking about? What about things like HCG, which radically increase testosterone production? Are you allowed to do that?


Okay. 'cause if you're allowed to do that, like what level is that Steroid only Recovery? I think any recovery drug, like obviously there's risk to all this. Like you increase cell growth and if you have cancer, god forbid in your body, those cells are gonna grow as well. Right. There's an argument for that. But I think the real argument is like what's causing cancer, right? The the real argument is like eliminating environmental toxins and the issues also there's people that have genetic predispositions to cancer. Right. Unfortunately. But the, the real reality about cancer is unfortunately, like what you take into your body has a significant effect. Your diet has a significant effect exercise has a significant effect. And also do you participate in any recovery activities like sauna, which is huge.


They did a study out of Finland. Again, I apologize if you've heard this before. It was a 20 year study. They found people who use sauna for four days a week had a 40% decrease in all cause mortality. All cause meaning heart attack, stroke, cancer, you name it. Yeah. 40% decrease. No, just because of the effects of sauna. How do they, how do they test that? Like where's the, what is the, what is the term? The something group? Like the group that, well, This is what they did. They did this study control group. Yeah. A randomized control trial. Right. So they, they did this study where they took these people and sauna use in Finland is everywhere. Everybody uses the sauna.


Yeah. And so they did it based on these questionnaires. Do you do the sauna once a week? Do you sauna twice a week? What temperature do you do the sauna and how long do you do it for? And they determined that the people that did the sauna four times a week for 20 minutes at 175 degrees had a 40% decrease in all cause mortality. Now when you drop the number of sessions, you also drop the, the all cause mortality survival. Got it. So like it's like 20% at once a week, you know, 30%. So it's like that. So like measurable differences in the amount of people that were healthy and robust who did it four times a week.


Yeah. I mean that's interesting because the easiest way to discredit would be like, well yeah, the people that do saunas want to increase their life. But what you're saying is there's an increased amount of assistance. Yes. If you do it more. Right. Wow. The benefits are legitimate, real measurable. It's hermetic stress. There's it's heat shock proteins that your body produces to deal with the fact that you're, you're essentially dying. Like you can't stay, like I do it at 1 96. You can't stay there very long. I do 25 minutes at 1 96. Have You ever passed out in It? No. Okay. Is that a thing people do? Like, is I don't pass out, get out the smelling salsa, I stay awake.


No, you could though. Yeah. I mean, if you are the type of person who passes out Yeah. If you've got issues. Yeah. Yeah. I, I think that some people pass out just from stress. Yeah. I watched a kid black out the other night, one of these school things that my kid had to go to. Really? Some boy fainted on stage. Wow. Yeah. Sometimes people just, sometimes they just, your, your brain goes too much check. Please, Bro. I've, I've seen, like, I've not passed out, but like, I was having like breathing issues. I didn't understand what the fuck it was. And like, my wife and I were trying to get pregnant. It was like really difficult. 'cause my sperm sucks and I would, I would have like, I guess it was stress related. I didn't know what the fuck it was. Like, I went to a doctor and I was like, I feel like I can't catch my breath.


And I started doing these like, it's like a Navy seal breathing technique or whatever you like box breathing. Box breathing, yeah. Yeah. And I would try to do that. I mean, it was so weird. It wouldn't affect me on stage because once I'm on stage, I'm like locked into the performance. Right. And that's how I knew it was all psychological. Psychological, yeah. But like, when I was off stage, there were times where I'd be at the cellar and I'd have to leave the cellar and there's this little park on sixth Avenue that's like, not even really a park, but there's like benches. And I would just sit there and I would just fucking box, breathe by myself, trying to get a full breath. And I go to this doctor and I was like, what the fuck is it? And it was, it was a stressed induced asphyxiation or something like that. Wow. And I was just so, like, what Was so stressful to you at that moment?


Well, my, I could, we couldn't get pregnant and like, I found out my sperm Cell. Oh, so was that? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And like not, That's where HCG comes in actually. 'cause that's one of those peptides that actually increases your sperm production. Yeah. Well, my, I, my sperm wasn't swimming. That was the issue. Gotta get those bitches in the pool. Cold punch. That helps too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's supposed to be good for your nuts, bro. I hear, I hit up huberman heat's the worst apparently. Well that's, they said heat and cold. I like hit up huberman. I was like, yo, what should I do? And he's like, all right, take these pills. And then the doctors even tell me, they're like, they're like, take these pills. And then also you Got lazy Jizz, bro. Dude, I got the laziest fucking giz bro.


It's no, you just wait for it. I, I go, I gotta take the pills. They're like, don't drink. I'm like, okay, I'm not gonna drink. They're like, don't smoke. Okay. I'm not gonna smoke. They go wear baggy underwear and they're like, ice your balls once a day, hala. So I do that for a month. I go get, or two months I go get my sperm tested again. It got worse. Really? Yeah. And they're like, we haven't even fucking seen this. And, and yeah. So like we had to, you know, we do IVF and everything. That's what the special is about. Like it is just this story of us trying to, trying to get, Get pregnant. There was a study, I think it was out of Japan. And what they were doing was they were getting people to cold plunge before exercise. So you cold plunge for three minutes and then you exercise and you force your body to heat up while you're working out.


Massive increase in testosterone. Interesting. To the point where this one guy, he had, he got his prostate levels checked and his doctor was like, this is, this is concerning. Yeah. Like, we wanna do this, we wanna do that. Yeah. We wanna put you on this and put you on that. And the guy says, you know, there's this, this is an article that's available online. This one guy tried this. He goes, okay, well let me find out what's available online. Yeah. So he, he finds out Paul Cole plunging does it? Yeah. And then, so here, this is the thing. Japanese coal plunge study often referenced, discussed about cold immersing the risks in cold water before exercise significantly keeps testosterone levels in young Japanese men. Yeah. Compared to immersing it after exercise, which suppressed testosterone levels highlighting the importance of timing when using cold stimulation for potential hormonal benefits.


So what this guy did was he, he plunged not just the wrist. Yeah. And then went to the doctor months later and the doctor thought he was on hormones. The doctor's like, you have 1100 testosterone. This is crazy. Like, what's going on? And he tells him, I've been cold plunging before I lift weights. And the doctor's like, well, keep fucking doing that. Do that. Yeah. And so I know a lot. I do that now. Really? Yeah. I know a lot of people that do that now. They, this is how they start their workout. My workout starts with a cold plunge. So my issue wasn't even the t they were like, yeah, your T levels are good. It's just the swimmers. It was the swimmers. And then there were like shaped weird. Like it, I mean it's just like, bro. Yeah. It was bro.


No dude. It was, I mean, it was too funny. I, I told the guy, I mean, this is, I, I don't even do this in the special anything, but like, I I, they were like, they, they, the shape is a little off or whatever. And I was guess you're so defensive. I go, well maybe when they hit the cup so hard. Yeah. So I'm like, I'm still trying to like, I got an ego about it. I'm like, bro, you should have seen the way they fucking say it's a car crash over Here, bro. It's, it's coming in at 400 PSI. Yeah. But it was, it was crazy. Once, once we got pregnant, it went away And it was like immediately went away. Wow. I could breathe again. And it wasn't this feeling that I couldn't breathe. It was about catching a full breath or, You know, when you're like running and at the end of your Yeah.


Or doing like a hard cardio intensive exercise. This idea like you can't get to a hundred percent in your lungs. Oh yeah. And I never had experience in my life. Like I can, I can work pretty hard. Like I, I feel like maybe that's a competitive advantage of mine. Like, I might be not be the most skilled in certain things, but like I can, I can go like I have a good motor, I can fucking push it. And it was the first time in my life where like a psychological issue affected my body physically. I didn't even know that that was possible. Mm. And I know that, that time in a lot of people I know that got canceled. People that got canceled where they were just overwhelmed where they didn't, couldn't breathe and they didn't think that they could make it.


They were like, I can't do this. I Just do it. Oh. 'cause they were going through that. Yeah. They were going through it like in the heart of it. Yeah. And they're like, you gotta call up, check up on 'em. Yeah. Make sure they're okay. I remember Tony when I, I remember the fork in the road. I remember the, the curve I was driving on when I was talking on the phone to Tony when he was going through his first one. Yep. And he's like, I just said, this is not good, man. I'm not doing good. And I'm like, fuck man. And it was like, that was the moment where I was like, please don't kill yourself. Oh wow. Like, you're gonna get better. Yeah. You're gonna be fine. Do not, I I didn't say that, but That's what you're thinking. That's what I was thinking. And I, I remember being in my car going Ooh. Like hearing him on the phone.


Yeah. We were on speaker phone. I was like, fuck man. Well, Yeah, you dedicate your entire life to one thing. And then, But it's also, it's just like feeling like it's over. Yeah. Everything's over. Yeah. Your career's over your life is over as You know it one stupid thing. And now it's over forever. And just the You can't breathe. Yeah. You can't breathe. Yeah. I get it. You know, Tony's tough. He, he's resilient. Yeah. He, he got through it pretty quick and he was back and then, you know, a couple weeks later he was laughing about it. Yeah. But some people, it, you know, they get wrecked and they're not the same ever again. I think that Does happen to people. And then there's a different version of them afterwards. Yeah. Because they don't want to experience that again. It is, it is weird. Like, I'm not as affected by that kind of stuff.


Now maybe I haven't gone through on that level, but, and I also think there's something about having a kid, like I just care less about the, like I care very, the very few people I care what they think about me. Right. It's, it's like really liberating in a lot of ways, you know? Right. But, but yeah, there was something about like, like, are we not gonna be able to get pregnant? And then like, feeling you feel horrible. I also, you start like going, why would God not want me to have a kid? Like, did I do something bad? Like you start thinking like if there's some sort of karmic reason for that shit. Mm. Also, before I knew it was me, I don't wanna share it with anybody. It's really isolating. 'cause I thought it was my wife. Like everybody always thinks it's the woman who's got a fucking right problem with her eggs or whatever.


And That's such a bitch ass dude thing. Nah, That's what we think. 'cause we don't know it could be us. When did you ever, like, every time I looked at my Firm was fire. Is it an arrogant male thing? Couldn't Be me. It's can me Look, get him out of fucking jizz producing. Yeah. I'm killing it. Right. Like killing it. Literally. So, and then, and then you think about it, and I will say this though, like, like finding out that it was me and being able to, I felt more comfortable talking about it on stage because now I'm not talking about this incredibly embarrassing thing to this woman who does not wanna be in entertainment at all. Like the most private person net about me. I was like, oh, I can talk about this a little bit. And being able to talk about on stage. And I would talk about on stage and like there'd be these dudes that would come up to me after shows and they wouldn't admit they were going through it, but they'd be like, yo, that was really funny bro.


Like, yeah, you should keep talking about that shit. And then I, I would like talk about it on tour and I'd get these fucking dms and like all these people would start telling me that they're going through IVF and like even close friends start to be like, yo, actually that's how we got pregnant. And I didn't realize it was this, this like, almost like last taboo thing where there's this incredible isolation because you don't wanna feel the judgment. There's all this pressure to obviously have a family. You don't wanna feel like you're the person that's like stopping that. But I didn't realize, and I'm 40, so a lot of older people are probably going through this. Maybe young people are not. But like everybody in my immediate circle going through this shit. Let me ask you this, like, first of all, when did IVF become available to people and how many people a year do you think use IVF?


And if they didn't, how many less people would there be on earth? Oh, brother, Brother, brother. This is like, there were three things when I talked to Trump that I wanted to ask him about specifically. And one of them was securing IVF. Because I know a lot of people who are against abortion also look at IVF and they're like, okay, you're throwing out embryos, you're, you know, killing people or potential people and they want to use the anti-abortion argument to get rid of IVF. And Really? Is that a thing? Yeah, Of course it's happening now. And what Trump said on Paused, who's, Who's trying to ban that? I guess we could look that up. I think that it was in, there's a few states that it was happening In. That seems insane. Yeah. Why would you not want more people?


Well they look at it as killing people because life starts a conception and the embryo is essentially a conception, which like, I understand your logic. I I don't, I don't disagree with the logic behind that. But at the same time, that is the way that, the only way some people can get pregnant. And I will give it, There it is. Senate Republicans block, IVF bills Democrats elevate issue ahead of November election. But what I'll say is Trump said that they're gonna back it with the full power of the Republican party and that anybody that goes against it, that they would campaign against and then he even signed that executive order to expand it. He wants to expand access to it. Oh, that's great. Which is fucking, yeah. It's incredible. Well, For people that wanna be parents, man, I know quite a people, few people like yourself, they wanna be parents so bad and that gave 'em the ability and now they're so happy And it's the most incredible thing in the world.


It's Yeah. And if they don't do that, guess what? There's no babies. No babies. It's not like, it's like more life will occur if you have, if you allow this. Also, we gotta deal with the downstream. Like I'm sure some of this shit is probably, it might me, it just might be genetic. I don't fucking know, but maybe it's microplastics all in my balls. Maybe it's my phone. Like there's a lot of things that are not in our control that are negatively impacting us. And then to restrict our ability to have a family. Sure. I feel like is kind of unfair. You like have bestowed this thing upon me that has affected our ability or some woman's ability to see, I wonder if It's like more prevalent the issue or the necessity of it with people that live in cities. Oh Dude. Every time a car breaks. Yeah. The amount of microplastics that go into the world are way more than using like a plastic bottle to drink out of.


Yeah. Break dust. Yeah. Yeah. It's particulates. Absolutely. That's the shit that you wipe off your wheels when you clean your car. That stuff in the air. You never washed your car. Nope. Jesus Christ. Yeah. I mean I didn't have a car until like a year ago. What do you got now? Got anything good? No, nothing. Well I got a fun one. I got a really, I got a Suzuki Samurai. Ooh. It's the coolest fucking car on the planet. Those are fun. They're so cool. It was, yeah it was. That's A good car to park in the city too. You don't give a fuck what happens to that thing? Well I got it out in the Hamptons, but yeah. What year is it? It's 87. He that such a piece of Shit. Oh it's a piece of shit. But it is like, it's also just so fun. Like I don't, I'm not trying to compete with you on like having like a fancy car or whatever like that. I just love how fucking rug. I don't care you shit In the back.


Dope. I gotta turn you on to some fucking fun ride. Ride you, You know the good shit like Yeah. You gotta learn that. You gotta learn the appreciation of Cars. I got my fa. Yeah, there it is. Oh There the boys. Ah, look at that name. Look at the boys. That thing's fun. Oh yeah. Look at these. Look a cute little car. Isn't it adorable? I wouldn't take that thing around the block. But wait, you're saying you wouldn't get in that car with trust it with six. I'd go with you Guys with six guys. Yeah. I'd go with you guys. Shouldn't That be on the cover of every gay magazine? It should Be. I'd be like, if you take this pill, this is what you'll have. You'll have fun with your friends on the beach with the su Suzuki Samurai. It's so much fun. And they're reliable as fuck. That's the thing about them. Every Japanese car's reliable. Yes. They're the best. They're, that's The thing about Japanese culture is that like it's refinement culture.


So like I feel like there anytime I, so there's this Japanese DJ I saw, his name is Yoki Yuki Matsu. Okay. He had like brain cancer and then like he thought he was gonna die, so he was like, fucking I'm gonna be a DJ at the time. I got left and it went into remission. But he basically quit his construction job. He just did this boiler room set. And it is just like, I could be like putting this energy on it 'cause I wanna believe it or whatever, but the intensity of it is, this is my shot and I'm gonna be unrelenting. Right. And the second I saw that he's Japanese, maybe this is my, like this is the guy, look at him go, But Can you like, can you, Ima look at this motherfucker, the a Japanese person being a dj.


Before I even listened to the set, I was like, oh, this is gonna be the best set I've ever heard. Because they would never put themselves out there be and do it half-assed. Like every 30-year-old model in America is like, I'll be a DJ now. But in Japan the culture is so like, don't bring shame upon your family. Mm. Don't bring attention to yourself unless you are the greatest. Do You know the term kaizen? Do you know what that means? No. What is that? Kaizen is a Japanese term for taking a thing and continuing to refine it until it reaches perfection. Yeah. Yeah. So Japanese, first of all, like supercars were always Italian.


It was always, you know, German, Porsche, Ferrari, that kinda shit. And then Nissan created a car that destroyed everybody. What was it? The GTR. So the Nissan GTR, they've essentially been making the same exact car, just refining it for like 20 years. I have a 2024 Nissan GTR nmo. Yeah. Which is their race package one. Yeah. Which is the most refined version of the GTR they've ever And it's a fucking marvel of engineering. Yeah. And refinement. Yeah. That fucking car is magical. Yeah.


It's just glued to the road. You ever see anyone? Do you know? No. Show me. Pull up a black Nissan 2024 GTR nmo. But culture, they, IS mo but They, they can't put out shit. It's shameful to put out shit. Right. And I feel like they've, they're almost like done refining their culture and now they're tapping into other things. Like when I, That's what it looks like. Oh wow. Yeah. It looks like a it's spaceship. What's The That's not, that's a, that's a NMA 300. That's mine. It looks, That's my car right there. What is that Nissan Z? Was it Z 300 or something like that? This Came out when I was in College. Yeah. Three 40 z There's a bunch of those. But that's the, that's the GTR. Yeah. That thing. It is just, it's just, it's just You're on a ride.


Yeah. You're riding a ride everywhere. Ws and Clinks and clunks and, yeah. Yeah. It's so fun. That's a different one. That's a 300 ZA three 70 Z. That's pretty sick too though. That looks good. But there's like a whole culture of taking these things. Like there's guys that make these things, they jack 'em up to 2000 horsepower and they spit fire outta the back of 'em. But They do it with pizza. Like, the best pizza I've ever had, and I'm from New York City is in Tokyo. Really The best pizza you've Ever had. Best I've ever had is in Tokyo. I forget the name of the place. Wow. But it, my wife and I were in Tokyo and, but it's, it was the best steak I've ever had is in Tokyo. Really? And it, I, it's something about like doing something half-assed I think is shameful.


And there's this great honor in like this refinement process now. There is a social cost to that. There's a rigidity meaning like, it's very, here here's a perfect example. Like the oldest hotel in the world, I think is this hotel in Japan. It's like starting in 703 year. 703. Whoa. And it's, Oh, I've seen that. Yeah. Yeah. And it's been been owned by the same family for 52 generations. Right. Which is like an unbelievable feat when you think about like American families or British families that like have gotten rich and then three generations they've squandered it all. Like really successful families have, it's all been destroyed. And there is this thing, and I think Japanese culture, which is like, there's this great honor in taking on the tradition of your family.


The cost of that is there was probably a comedian or a chef or somebody that in that line that didn't do the thing that they really were passionate about. Mm. To honor their family. Mm. But the societal benefit is probably the majority of people don't have those dreams. And having purpose in this job is probably better for them. And I think there's a middle ground where you can still go dream and do these things. But also we have some respect for being a cobbler when your dad was a cobbler and his dad was a cobbler. I feel like we've lost that a little bit in like American dream culture where it's like, if you don't go out and achieve your craziest dream, well some people don't have that dream, but taking over their dad's business is something that they can feel good about and honor instead of like, oh yeah.


So I just took over the family business. Well, Doing a good job at anything. There's a lot of value in that for everybody. Yeah. If you love making shoes and you become a cobbler and you make awesome shoes and you got like, Andrew shows up, bro, those shoes are sick. I love 'em. I want another pair. But could you make 'em in crocodile? Yeah. Oh, let's go. Yeah. Yeah. It's exciting. You know, like making things and having relationships with the people you sell 'em to. That's super rewarding. We, we do chase that big dream over in America and, and make it seem like everybody has to have it. But the dream of making cabinets that are awesome is a pretty fucking cool dream. It's beautiful. Yeah. The dream of being a painter is a pretty cool dream. Like there's, there's a lot of dreams that don't get the value added to them because of fame.


Like we, we, we have this weird thing about fame above all in this country, Fame above all. Like, moms being a mom isn't really valued. Like, Oh Yeah. It's a real, I think it's a real problem. I, I think that, yeah. And it's not all places. Like I'm sure there are places that are more like family oriented where like, like being a mom isn't honored, respected thing a lot out Here. Man. I Love that. Yeah. It's like I'm in New York, it's not that Right. Or is it in la Yeah, in LA a lot of the moms have jobs too. They have careers. They don't wanna abandon Their career. They might shame those moms that decide to stay home and take care of their kids. Oh yeah. When, yeah. I don't think that that's, it would be great if there was less rigidity and there was a lot of honor in that.


And it was something we really respected. 'cause I know in New York, even my wife, like my wife is like, you know, she got her fucking MBA, she was working for Apple and AI projects and then she goes, I, that's my dream to be a mom. And I feel societal scrutiny about it, but I don't fucking care 'cause I want to be a mom. You know, who really gets the scrutiny? Stay at home dads. That shit's gay. Ah, Ah. You trying to lip pull me Joe? What the fuck did the fuck, ah, I wanna see where you would go with it. No, I fed you one of them little racketball balls.


Yeah. The paddle, paddle paddle Paddle ball. Yeah. Yeah. I fed you one of those half filled tennis balls and you fucking shoved it down my throat. But yeah, I, that is the weird thing. It's like I know as well as a male, you feel a real strong pull to be a provider. We do. It feels very important. Yeah. And to, and it rarely, like, as you become a father and you raise children, it like, really it gets instilled on you. Like, I always had a really good work ethic, but becoming a father made me have a much stronger work ethic. Like there's no, I, if I was a single man with no responsibilities, who knows if I would work as hard, who knows If I would take days off, I would fuck off.


I would, if my friends are like, Hey, you know, let's go bow hunting in Argentina. I'm like, yeah, I'll take the day off. Fuck it. The The biggest lie about having kids is that you won't be able to provide for them. I think a lot of people go, oh, I just need to get my life ready to do. It's like, oh no, no, no. That's gonna put a batter in your back like you wouldn't fucking believe. Hopefully. It's very sad when it doesn't. I've met men. Most People shouldn't have kids. Yeah. I've met men where they, they just, they keep doing the same thing even after they have children. And you're like, oh my god dude, you can't do this. You're gonna be, did They want to have them? Who knows? You know, who knows what if people want or if they think they want and then they have and then they don't change. You know, Louis CK said something really cool once to me.


He's like, when you have children, he's like, you just gotta let it change you. Mm. Just let it change you. Yeah. Yeah. Don't hold on to who you think you are And what you think your identity is. Just let it, it's let it transform You adjust. 'cause everybody adjusts. The mom adjust you now. It's not your girlfriend anymore. It's not your wife anymore. Now it's a mother. She has a child. She made a human being in her body and it's very vulnerable. And she loves it more than anything in this world. Anything. And it's this crazy experience that if you don't have and you're on the outside, you look at it as like, oh, that responsibility, oh fuck that. Oh, you're tied down. Oh, you got kids now. But it's, it's another level of understanding what life really is.


'cause it's this constant cycle of new people entering into the world. And eventually you will leave this world. Yep. And hopefully you will leave this world better because you were here. Amen. Yeah, that's True. Yeah. It's the Yeah. It's the coolest thing that's ever happened to me and absolutely is transformed me. I Was super excited when you were becoming a dad, man. Because I knew you. You are all in on everything you do. You know, so you'd be all in on being a dad too, which is so important. It's just so important. Like, it's so weird that you're making a life, a human being comes into this world that didn't exist before you and your wife had sex and now there's a human being Yeah. That's talking to you and you're teaching 'em stuff and they learn things.


You get to see 'em laugh and giggle. Yeah. You get to see 'em open up Christmas presents. Yeah. And screech and excitement. Oh my God. It's, it's All the happiness that you get from other things just doesn't compare pales In comparison. Yeah. It's a different happiness. Yeah. It's a totally different happiness. So to, and it's also, it's like an understanding of life itself. I, I've talked about this before, but I changed the way I think about people. You told me this, I think about everybody as a baby now. Everybody's a baby that became a 60-year-old man with big old wino noses. You know, when they get those big Of course crazy fucking gin blossom phases. Yeah. Like priests. Yep. And you know, I realized like, oh this is just, this is this entity at this stage of its journey.


But it used to be a baby. They used to be someone's cute little baby boy with a little little bow tie on. Everybody thought it was so cute. Took a picture of him. Now here he is. Bad breath and farting. Big old pot belly hating life. Smoking Paul Mals. Yeah. He had a Lot of hope at one point. That was a baby. Yeah. And you know what, what, what is, you have a lot of hope, but like what is the impediment to you achieving a fulfilled life? And so many people don't even know where to start or where to begin And what to, what to do or what, what which way to go. And if you haven't been trusting your instincts in your life and you haven't been taking chances, then all of a sudden you have to take one at like 35. Yeah. It's hard man.


It's hard. Yeah. That's a muscle you build like endurance. You know, you build the muscle of being able to take chances and, and do difficult things. Yeah. You, you build that like all other muscles, all other strengths and virtues that you have. Yeah. It's reinforced with use. Yeah. Every risk you take that is successful, you get a little bit more confidence in taking those risks. Also. You understand what's required to make this venture successful. Yeah. You'd have to look at it correctly. You can't be delusional. You have to be objective. Yeah. And you have to do what actually needs to be done. Yeah. And some people don't like that responsibility. The responsibility of like terrifying. Yeah. Yeah. And so they've sabotaged themselves, they sabotage their life because it's easier to fail 'cause you're used to it.


Yeah. So you fall right back into it. I'll pick myself back up again, but right now I'm on the heroin again for a little bit. Yeah. That is the cool thing about Well yeah. I mean failure is not an option once you have a kid. No. You have to figure it out. Yeah. You have to figure it out. Also, you want the world to be a safer place 'cause you have very vulnerable little people. Yeah. You relate. It's you, you just become like a real human being. It's, it's interesting when I hear people that don't have kids kind of complain about the world and I'm like, oh, you actually don't really understand how high the stakes get. Right. Like it, the way that I relate to every bit of stimulus has completely changed.


It's heightened and reduced. Yeah. The little frivolous shit I do not give a flying fuck about. Yeah. Like I really don't care. And then the big ticket things I care deeply about. You know, how could they impact my kid? Like it's very easy for people to, even with like the vaccine shit, it's very easy for people who don't have kids to tell you like, oh, just trust the doctors, whatever. The second you have a kid, it is probably the most terrifying thing you'll ever do in your entire life is injecting something into the most perfect thing you've ever created. And then every single day wondering and seeing if she's still smiling and seeing if she's still okay. Like, and feeling responsible if anything negative happens. Right.


And then if you don't do it feeling responsible if she got fucking the measles or mumps or whatever the fuck it is. It, I have so much more empathy and it's something that people just can't understand because they're not put in that position. Right. And every new parent that I talk to is concerned about this shit. Every single one. Yeah. So it's like you have to have a little empathy. Like you've created the most perfect thing you've ever could ever imagine. Like nothing comes as close to that. And every decision you make could greatly impact that person's life. So yeah. We're gonna be scared if we watch a fucking video on, on the internet that says this thing is bad for them. Right. And don't call us some fucking quacks. Just call us like parents who care for our fucking kids.


Well the recent, the, there's a lot of people that want to cover up for their own actions like what they've done or the, the, the people that wanna say that like, all this is exaggerated. There are no vaccine injuries. This could have happened to my child. It probably was. It was gonna happen anyway. Yeah. It was gonna happen anyway. Yeah. And you wanna really believe that too. Of Course you do. 'cause you don't wanna feel like it's your responsibility. Yeah. Also, You don't want to believe that pharmaceutical drug companies are willing to sell you things that are gonna harm your child. And they are. They are. They always have been. They always will be. Their publicly traded companies have responsibility to their shareholders to make as much money as possible. And the money people are gonna push a bunch of shit through that probably shouldn't go through. And they'll tell you you needed like, like when they were vaccinating kids with covid, there is no reason to do that.


Yeah. They knew there was no reason to do that, but they wanted everybody to take it. 'cause that's where the money is. And that's a scary thought that we live in a world that there's people out there that would literally sacrifice the health of children for profit. But ultimately that's, that's what they do. That's, I mean, that's a thing that's been done. It will continue to be done unless something happens. Who are the people that do that? Why are they not named? Look at The Sackler family. Look at those people. So it's like we know one name, we know the Sacklers. Yeah. And we don't even know their first name. Well you might, but like the average person doesn't. Like I think that it'd be a lot different if these people's names were public record. It would be a lot different if they went to jail. That's the thing. They just get Fined. They'll get manjii. Yeah. That would happen. Right? That would happen immediately.


That's a new thing. That's a verb. They're Gonna get the, they're gonna get that Luigi treatment immediately. It it will be that way. People will fuck around with their kids. Man, it's a different, Luigi was wearing loafers with his ankle handcuffs and he was like in a, in a trial and he, he looked so beautiful. He's A handsome guy. My wife and my daughters are like, he's adorable. Like, look at him here. He's so beautiful. This is, yep. He's so handsome. He's a handsome guy. Like a supermodel. Yeah. I think he did porn. Or maybe that was just a headline that I saw. Wow. But whatever. But it's, isn't it crazy though that the assassin is a good looking guy and becomes a hero? Like if he was a ugly fat guy with a MAGA hat on, everybody would want him dead.


Yo that look at him. Look at him. Wow. Look at those brows. Beautiful. Well he is wearing a bulletproof vest too. Isn't that wild? Yeah. But he's got like a mental health problem. Yeah. Apparently. And someone said that he took acid and cracked. Yeah, I heard that. But that happens. Who knows how much of that. Well, we'll find out when the trial happens. What Yeah. What the lore is. But You know, a broken Clock is right two times a day though. It was real weird when people were like, yeah, more of that. Please. To me that's just desperation. And you get to see it manifested. It's like if you're like a really, really, really, really, really rich person with power, you wanna make sure the poorest people have enough to survive the second they don't feel like they have hope and they don't feel like they have enough to survive.


They start storming your estate. Well, especially when it talk, when you talk about healthcare. Because there's people whose job is to deny people healthcare that deserve it. That's how, because that's how they save money. Which is, that's crazy to think of. But that's, I mean, what is the alternative? Socialized medicine. The problem with that is it doesn't incentivize doctors to be the best. I want my doctor drive a fucking Porsche. Yeah. I want my doctor to have a nine 11 turbo and a nice watch. It's, it's, No, you're right. 'cause you want the smartest people to be the doctors. You don't want them running hedge funds. Right. Like there's a lot of probability smart people running hedge funds. I don't want them doing that shit. Right. Like, I want them fixing diseases. Right. You know, I want, and if there's not enough money in it yet they're gonna go to the hedge, hedge fund shit.


Which is meaningless. Yeah. So it's like I, it is a tricky problem. How do you create a, you know, a system that incentivizes the most brilliant people to be in positions where they help us all. But how do you make sure that the nefarious actors are not finding ways to squeeze probably the most vulnerable? How do We eliminate nefarious actors from the world? Or do we Ever You can't. You can't. They're there and they will pop into these positions And I think they're there also to help you appreciate non nefarious people. Yeah. Like we wouldn't know good. Right. Unless there is bad. Yeah. That's real. That's a good perspective to have on bad. That's A, that's the good and evil struggle forever.


Hmm. That's the yin and the yang. Hmm. That's it all. It's like that's how the world moves forward. That's how it advances. It protects itself against evil. Hmm. And then evil tries to find ways through the fucking cracks and you develop better antivirus software. It's a simulation A little bit man. It might be it a simulation. It's gonna be so maybe it already is. And maybe it always was. Maybe it always was. And if it's a simulation once, it can be a simulation twice. Yeah. So if we can create the simulation and we were created as a simulation, that means that we could be like the 20th version of it. And we're probably about to create a way better one with ai.


Yeah. That's probably what AI is. AI is probably the god of the simulation. Yeah. We probably lock that motherfucker in. Turn it on then it figures out how to do everything. Do you have any concern about ai? Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. Elon said there's a 20% chance everything goes sideways. But an 80% chance it's an overall net good for humanity, but 20% chance like we're fucked. That's a high number. That's Not a good number. That's a high number. I don't like that. If I'm playing Russian roulette and I got Ted Chambers That spin, that bitch I don't like, there's two bullets in there. Yeah. I don't like that. That makes me nervous. But I also think you've got a lot of like really good smart people trying to make sure that at the very least the people here invented it before the people in China.


Which I think is probably important. Like whoever, whoever launches the God first is gonna be in charge of a lot of stuff. Yeah. It's gonna get fucking very strange. Andrew Schultz. It's already very strange. But it's gonna get even stranger. We'll be here to enjoy it. Yes sir. We'll be making fun of it My brother. It's always a good time to sit with you. I love you dog. Thank you. I love you to death. You're the best you are. Tell everybody what's going on. Oh life is on Netflix right now, right now. So go check it out man. And yeah, go check it out. Also go check out Derrick post's. Look At that stash son. Yeah. Yeah. So I think we're, I think we're, today we're number two. You know maybe after this we beat Kate Hudson.


What? Kate Hudson got me man. What Day does Derricks come out? April 19th. April I think. 16th. 16th. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So make sure you check that out. I gotta get him in here. Oh yeah. He's just the fuck bro. He was killing us last night. He said that the greatest art ever created is Harry Potter. And we go like better than he's like, he goes yes, if it's the most consumed, it's the best. And we're like, what about the Bible? He goes, ain't nobody read that shit. He goes, he goes, he goes, ain't nobody read that shit. He goes, he goes, he goes, you might have read like part of it but you didn't read the whole Bible. He goes, nobody's stopping at book three for five bro.


He was cooking last night but yo, go check out his don't tell comedy. He's Very funny. And it was. And a great person. Absolutely. All right. I love you brother. Love you dog. Peace. Bye everybody.